user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198154473535,Recommended,283640,32345333,Posted: 11 June,all,MarquisZero,Salt and Sanctuary is an amazing game. It came very close to that feeling Dark Souls gave me. The level design is incredible and I loved the way all the areas would lead back into a previous area much like Dark Souls did. It has a great price tag and was very fun to achieve 100%. Please do yourself a favor and go buy this game!
76561198005554322,Recommended,283640,23244321,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Porkchop Sandwiches,When I get stuck on a part of Dark Souls 3 I play Salt and Sanctuary.When I get stuck on a part of Salt and Sanctuary I play Dark Souls 3.I haven't seen my family in 10 days.
,Recommended,283640,23043536,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,"(✧ ͠°෴ ͠°) GUESS AGAIN, NERD","Oh boy, a review!I saw this game on PS4 and decided to wait out the PC port, as that'd get more mileage. It's basically a neat little mash-up of Dark Souls & Castlevania (or a ""Metroidvania"")! I mean, that's how I went in to it and that's what I got. It definitely scratches all the right itches, if that's up your alley.So, when folks say it's a Dark Souls-like, there helps explain some mechanics quickly:-There's a stamina bar-There are ""bonfires""-You get ""Estus flasks"". Don't worry about needing to grind for healing stuff if you're in a rough patch-Level-ups are governed by ""souls"" (referred to as ""salt"" in this)-Movesets are very similar. ie, parrying, rolling, choosing to two-hand a weapon, etc-Equip load controls and limits your movement and rolling/tumbling/flopping ability-It's easy to die. Things hurt. They also don't really like you?? It's very rudeThe Castlevania vibe comes from a few things. Largely because it's 2D, but I think the label also applies itself because this is a 2D world with lots of vertical movement. Y'know, scaling several ""screens"" and stuff.It's a fresh world, though! Story is given through item descriptions (DRINK UP THAT ~~LORE~~, FOLKS), as well as very sparse NPCs. Salt is also a heavy item of reference, as you will quickly find. The primary use? For leveling. Now, there are primary stats in this, but they are tied to/governed by a skill tree/web. Think FFX's sphere-grid and there you go.""Choose this to learn how the hell to use a hammer. It also gives you a point of strength.""""This icon has a horse. It also gives you endurance for some reason""The game itself is rather lightweight and looks wonderful in spite of this (~500mb at the time of release). I will say that the character faces look... Bad. I just gave my dude shaggy hair and a gigantic beard to cover it up. The Grizzly Adams look worked well until I found a hat.One thing I will mention, though, is that the game doesn't *tell you* much. Like, I get that it's the ""Dark Souls Thing,"" but remember the Estus-equivalent (red potions in this)? For example, from what I'd seen so far, the game never tells/shows you that your little red potions are refilled at sanctuaries. I died at a boss, thought I wasted them, and noticed I had gained them back.Anyhow, it's a good game so far! I recommend it if the above appeals to you!"
,Recommended,283640,32013558,Posted: 28 May,all,TheShaffinator,"This isn't gonna be a proper review. I just wanna say good sh*t about this game.It's good sh*t.It takes everything good from Dark Souls and The Dishwasher and mashes them together in a blender, with a fair amount of originality thrown in. This is one of my favorite game purchases in a long while.Get this if you like the following:Amazing level designDark fantasy art styleA large variety of bossesA large variety of weapons/armorA large skill treeA touch of metroidvaniaShort cut p*rnOccasional punishing difficultyResponsive, rewarding combatObscure but vaguely interesting storyNow I'm gonna say something I rarely sayrightafter I beat a game.I'm gonna go beat this sh*t again."
,Recommended,283640,28382586,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chronic Ecstasy,"I'm no expert at games like this, and obviously I haven't put that many hours into the game yet since I just got it. However, I will try to explain why I fell in love with this game at first sight (from an analytical point of view).Side note: I'll be honest, I was reluctant to buy this at first simply due to the price and even found myself regretting the decision once I opened up that CC menu, but it was indeed worth it and I'll explain why later.At first glance this game doesn't look like much. Just another dumb 2d flash game, right? That's what I thought. The first time I loaded up the game as a knight I wasn't expecting the damn near perfect swinging animations from my sword. Almost every good thing about this game took me by surprise. I was blown away by the amount of production value and time and effort that's just so apparent in every corner in the first few starting areas.THE COMBATThe combat is lovely and fluid and beautiful. It's everything I could ask for in a hack and slash rpg because unlike in Dark Souls you can perform Air Combos and finish off with a powerful downward strike which obliterates your enemies into a mesmerizing spray of red liquid. The enemy/boss ai works well to keep you on your toes and wastes no time punishing your mistakes and trying to put you in inconvenient positions. I got ♥♥♥♥ed up several times by The Sodden Knight (First boss)yet, had I known that you could roll that probably wouldn't have happened quite as much.LEVEL DESIGNVerticality is a must in 2d plat formers like SaS and it goes all out with the vast amount of detail packed into every area and the subtle creaks and croaks of old, moldy wood as you step on a board that may even give away underneath you due to pressure. The pick ups and drops are all easily attainable and don't divide into the action too much with long, tedious 'bend-over' animations. For once the developers decided to make it less of a fetching task to retrieve your lost currency (in this case 'Salt') in a Souls game. And, they did it by making a beast out of your salt which you have to kill every time you want to get your salt back. Otherwise, if you die again, as suspected, you permanently lose those piles of salt you worked so hard to attain and have to start all over from 0. Luckily to retrieve salt from a boss you don't have to kill him all the way. Just take his health down to a certain point.SOUND DESIGNSound is a wonderful thing in this game, any game for that matter. It adds to the authenticity of being able to imagine these places. Hearing things adds levels of atmosphere to a setting. The rapid splashes of rain and mist and the sound of wind blowing through grassy fields gives the game that flavour; sells the vibe. I can't wait to get back into the world every time I hear that, it's amazing.The music on the otherhand, even if there's little of it, is pretty good. Although it's very minimalist music, the background ost does well to add some tension throughout the areas you encounter. The boss fights are all made very epic with the addition of those fantastic chords. I believe there are like 2 boss fight tracks and 2 background tracks: In total 4 songs which shouldn't be too much of a problem given that the rest of the game is a masterpiece.ART/VISUAL DESIGNLast but not least we have the visuals. As I mentioned before, the visual effects of the blood spraying look absolutely mesmerizing. Some other visually stunning achievements would be the heat distortion near the torch flames and what not. It's always the little things like that which get my attention. Also, despite the mildy childish and cartoonish look of the world and it's characters, there is a certain level of realism to it all and I've come to like that a lot about it. Especially in the darkest areas is where the game's art direction can really stand out. It's so unique and interesting.All in all this game is great because it was made well. A couple of glances on the surface don't mean much with gameplay this brilliant it will definitely have you hooked for hours no matter what your experience with rpg's is. I did my best to try and avoid references to Dark Souls and the like. Now I should probably stop typing because I've been typing this review for about an hour and a half now and I have exams."
,Recommended,283640,32733143,Posted: 24 June,all,John Safari,"""2D Souls"" is very accurate, but that comparison has been done to death already so I'll describe what it's like as a metroidvania instead. The level design is great and the gated areas are very obvious and easy to access once you've unlocked the movement abilities expected from a game in this genre.There's a wall jump, an air dash and some more gimmicky ones for manipulating platforms. Even with all those movement options you will still get lost though. Most areas are both horizontally and vertically interlaced with one another, and there's no map. This makes it frustarting to pick up and play the game after taking a longer break, but it's not a huge issue. It just bugs me because you can only see so much at any given time, making it unnecessarily hard to remember where you are.I only have one big gripe with the game and it's the boss balance. Most of the bosses are on the easy side but a select few must have caused me over a 100 deaths combined. For example, there's a platforming boss that just takes FOREVER to finish off in its final phase, and a different boss can simply insta-kill you with a barrage of projectiles from off-screen. Again, this isn't the norm and most of the bosses are both fun and fair.There's just not much to criticize here. It may not have an original bone in its body but the game is very well made. It's fun to make progress, the music is nice, and the world managed to keep me interested. Taken together Salt and Sanctuary is a competent effort, just don't expect any of it to blow your mind."
,Recommended,283640,23521503,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,༼ つ ◕◕ ༽つ Dray2k,"Basic InfosGameplay lengh: 14 - 28 Hours per regular Playthrough if you do not seek to speedrunRequired Skill Level:Low to Medium(New Game) toVery High(New Game+ mode)This game is not suited for audiences 16 years or lower - some Blood and Gore, comic-esque physical and psychological crulityAbout this gameSalt and Sanctuary is a rather unique game. You play a Hero of your choice, who got stranded on an strange isle seeking to find his/hers lost princess. However, as always, things do not seem to be the way they are.Story wise, this game is rather cryptic, this doesn't make the appeal of the game less interesting. It is very important to read item descriptions sometimes, though you can easily finish this game without being too much into this games lore so you don't need to be bothered about it all the time. This game is also for those who just enjoy quick action as it is for those who enjoy a very thoughtful and deep gameplay experience alike. This works thanks to the excellent layout of the World the game happens to be in, which is structured like a Maze of sorts.And This labyrinth like Gameworld is, in my opinion, the best thing about this game. Walking around, finding the right place to progress further is a ton of fun. This is partially because on how connected the Gameworld is, paths previously blocked by an obstacle open up to the player later via unique Traits, which you get by many of the interesting NPCs that roam the world. These Traits let you change, for instance, the gravity of the player character which enables you to walk on ceilings, though only at certain places. Imagine fighting enemies from the ceilings with a bow or with a big melee weapon. ""Coolness"" is certainly written big in this game.GameplayAfter you've choosen the Gender, decided on a class to play and changed the looks on the Character, you will be thrown into the game world. Tutorials are there, but its only explaining the controls and which they do, the rest is up to the player to find out.This game does have very fast paced Hack and Slash gameplay if you use smaller/weaker weaponry, or the slower and more thoughtful one if you carry Heavy Warhammers. Logically, the bigger the weapon, the stronger the impact. This game makes no exception of this.Fighting itself is rather simple, as you only have a Strong and a Weak attack. However, depening on what attack you choose, you can make combos. Beside that you can also quick-switch weapons with the press of a button. Imagine throwing your enemy into the air with greatsword and then using a bow to kill your foe while its in the air. You can do that in this game and it is tons of fun.Besides attacking, you can also use a Shield to block attacks or use a dodgeroll to roll past the enemies. As this is a 2d Platformer this seems a bit unusual at first, but the games Dodgeroll is balanced enough that it didn't bother me to dodgeroll through enemies. It also looks more aesthetically pleasing as you might think.However, this game isn't exactly forgiving as I make it seem to be. Some parts are quite tough to beat and it required from me to attempt certain parts a few times before I mastered them. If difficult games are too stressful you should still consider to purchase this game regardless, since the difficulty in general is just rightly choosen, there aren't many points in this game where the game flow stagnates and frustration kicks in, all in all the entire game was a breeze to play through.However, if certain enemies are too strong for you, you can upgrade your Weapons and Armor at a Blacksmith, where you can use your Salt as a currency to upgrade them. Besides your Salt, which you will also use to level up, you will also use ""regular"" currency to buy regular items, such as Torches. You will need those to traverse the dark caverns of this game, which there are a ton of. You get both Salt and Gold by defeating enemies. The usual video game logic applies, the stronger the enemy, the bigger the reward. Often enough, you will find yourself being a bit overwhelmed by the enemy, as you are not a Tough Hero and will die if a Strong enemy unsuspectingly attacks you a few times. So you often need to go to a Sanctuary to recover.Sanctuaries, the other namedrop, are your Safe Spots, where noone can do you harm and those are the places where you can fill up your healing potions and where you can level up and assign Skill Points to your character. Most Sanctuaries are hidden and must be found and claimed by the player first, which adds a bit of an exploration aspect in this game.As I already wrote, Sanctuaries are used to Level Up your Hero. What makes it interesting though is that leveling up is done in a similar way to Final Fantasy X but on a Spiderweb-like board, where you can access certain skills only if you have leveled up the connected points leading before it. Otherwise you have to choose other skills to reach the stuff you want. There are also items which let you remove your already placed skill points so you can replace them on another place if you believe that you made a mistake. Be careful with this though, sometimes you realize that the mistake your made was actually the right thing to do.There are 12 different Weapon Classes, such as normal Swords, Staffs, Bows, Spears and Lances, Scyths (yay!), Crossbows and even Guns. Theres more than just these of course. All and all I say theres about 500 - 700 unique Items and Equipment you can get in this game. Theres also a lot of Magic skills you can use, such as making the ground on fire or cast Lightning, if you rather fancy this. This type of skilling leads to some interesting ""what would happen, if..."" type of scenarios if you decided what to skills you want to pick on next.Multiplayer is also included with the game, but only be played out on a Local setting, so make sure you have a Friend to play with!Graphics and SoundGraphically this game is very excellent, even though it is no cutting edge 3D game. The characters all look lovely and the Monsters are detailed very metriculously. You can be sure that even regular Monsters look all very destinctive and unique. Theres a little less then 100 different Monstertypes in this game, including about 25 unique bosses. The lightning is by far the best about the Graphics as they nail the Atmosphere about this game splendidly. The games grim setting and colorful lightning just synergizes very well with one another, as it is already evidential by the screenshots on this games Store page.While everything about this game is to the very least great, including the sound effects, I found that the Music is pretty lackluster. Even if its very Atmospheric and fitting throughout the game, after you heared a certain theme like 30 times things can get a little bit boring.The game also has some slight graphical errors, such as weirdly placed walls, which shift depending on where you stand, creating a weird uncanny valley optical illusion of walls that seem to move unreasonably in places and tiny open holes where you can look right through the void, even though there should be a room right behind it. These issues are barely noticeable but regardless they are there if you pay attention.VerdictMy, is this game lovely! Even if its just jumping on platforms, this games world makes it so there is always something interesting and challenging to see and do, with a ton of beasts to slay and a ton of loot to find.And even regardless of those tiny issues previously mentioned, Salt and Sanctuary is, without any doubt, the best 2d Platformer and Action Adventure game I have ever played and a definite must buy for everyone who likes these type of games.Recommended food while playingChicken and Potatos with Chili Sauce, but Apple Juice instead of Mineral Water. No Alcoholic drinks this time."
,Recommended,283640,23062111,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Human Cheesecake,Like Dark Souls 3 but with poise.
76561198044385319,Recommended,283640,23357297,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Scruffy Jonjoe Wilkinson,For when you can't afford Dark Souls 3.  10/10
,Recommended,283640,23150613,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Omega Von Doom,"This is the first game that's not a ""Souls"" game that has me hooked. I was gonna write an elaborate review on Salt and Sanctuary, but I thought this might be better:I play nothing but Souls games. I might take an interest in some other game for a while. BUT I never finish em or I loose interest. That might be boring of me, but whatever.When I played Dark Souls 1 back in 2012 it had me hooked. I also bought Demon's souls and really loved that too. Those two Souls games were all I played. I played them till my ps3 died and then thank the gods, Dark Souls came to PC so I got it on Steam. I played that till Dark Souls 2 came out. Then after all the DLCs and things were done, I also bought a PS4 JUST so I could play Bloodborne. Then I bought the Scholar edition of Dark souls 2 and played the crap out of that till Dark Souls 3.Salt and Sanctuary is the Best thing I've played since Dark Souls. I love the weapons, the combat, the bosses and the great locations. It's familiar enough to jump right in and start cracking skulls, while being different enough to be fresh.If the Souls games are your ""thang"" then just buy this and Praise the salt."
,Recommended,283640,23288048,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Saarteco,"REVIEW FROM A DARK SOULS PLAYER!PROS- Game is difficult and challenging (which is what we aim for on those types of games)- Message System (like the message signs from Souls, those are pretty helpful for newcomers)- Gameplay feels good, the game feels smooth.- Even though you'll die alot, you'll still have fun because the game is pretty fun.- Awesome price for this great game- Cool and smooth combo system- Unique ""Powers"" (Called Brands in the game) that makes the game feel more unique- STR is Broken just like Dark Souls 1- Each boss has a new different moveset or skill when it goes down to x %hp, which complicates the fight. (also called Boss Phases)CONS- R.I.P Online Multiplayer (There's no online multiplayer, that would be awesome!)- You'll get lost easily at your first playthrough, the game will literally shove you into the world and you'll need to find the places by yourself, with some NPC tips. It's even worse than blind Dark Souls playthroughs.- Some bosses/enemies feels unfair, no counter-play, if you try to roll behind them, their attack will reach you even if you're behind (Looking at you, Kraekan Wyrm you ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've already played 40 hours by the time i'm doing this review and the game still pretty fun! So i think i'll give it a 8.5/10!"
,Recommended,283640,31542009,Posted: 4 May,all,korhadris,Definitely recommend this one. Most of my play time has been local (no remote) co-op. It hits a good point of being difficult enough for a challenge while still being fun.Pros:* Great couch co-op game.* Rewarding difficulty level.* Different skill combinations for replayability.* Classes only determine starting skills and equipment. Skill system is otherwise wide open.* Branching level design with alternate and optional paths.Cons:* No network co-op.* Reliance on Stone Sellsword to start co-op is an unnecessary annoyance.* The second player gets screwed out of some item rewards. In particular skill points that are found in the world. It should just track whether or not your character has picked up an item in any playthrough instead of denying these item rewards.* Platforming with crumbling platforms is annoying in co-op.* Some weapons seem very weak compared to others.
76561198068636266,Recommended,283640,23281957,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,J0ust,\[T]/ Praise the Sun!...Pass the Salt?
76561197988113155,Recommended,283640,23048317,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SAF,"Salt & Sanctuary is Dark Souls 2D with a dash of Castlevania. If you like Dark Souls, I don't see why you wouldn't at least somewhat like Salt & Sanctuary but if you're looking for a pure ""Metriodvania"" this game will disappoint, because the game is much more Souls than ""Vania"".The combat combo system is awesome. Different button combinations produce different attack animations making combat fun and kinda like a ""beat-em-up"". S&S has alot of different weapons and armors, all upgradable, and a very cool level progression system sorta like Dark Souls but includes a massive skill tree. S&S also has a message system like DS, where you can create and read messages from other players.S&S is very easy at first, even the first boss is weak (not the impossible boat boss), it gradually gets harder, then I experienced a huge difficulty jump when I visited ""Castle of Storms"", which was rather frustrating. I put the game down for awhile because of it.I would have liked to see multi directional attacks as well, as you can only attack left and right=old castlevania style. I would have also liked weapon and armor drops from enemies like in DS, but its not there, enemies drop loot sometimes, just not weapons and armors.Overall I do like S&S. Its not near as good as the Souls series and a ""Metroidvania"" it is not, but it is a wonderful game if you like Souls and 2D side-scrolling action and its unique for that very reason, its 2D Souls! If you don't like the Souls series, you would want to pass on this game as it borrows too heavily from it, not bringing enough originality to the table, nor does it bring game changing mechanics to the 2D action-plat genre.I'd rather play DS 3 atm, but I do recommend this game, I highly recommend it when it goes on sale and after you have gotten your DS 3 fix."
76561198077264908,Recommended,283640,23085446,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,downonmyniece,"This game is a master piece, 95%.I finished it twice on the PS4, and these are my grievances:1. You don't keep your traversal skills in NG+2. Only few weapon types are really competitive3. Not a big fan of the human character modelsPositive points:1. Beautiful art style of enemies and environments2. SO much to explore. Think first half of DS2.3. Exploring the world feels really rewarding4. Combat is surprisingly crisp and fluid5. Music, if somewhat repetitive, sounds AWESOME6. Diverse and fun boss battles7. Really impressive, depressing atmosphere8. Interesting talent tree, loads of spells, items, upgrades, just an all around treatSome of the ways in which this is 'Soulslike':- Combat strongly tied to a fast depleting and replenishing stamina bar- Blocking, parrying, rolling for damage avoidance and mitigation- Different fighting styles based on the weapon of choice- Punishing difficulty based on risk-reward mentality- Open world in the vein of DS1 that facilitates progress through shortcuts- Multi-phase boss battles- Fluid class system for diverse character builds- Salt system is a carbon copy of how Souls work- Gritty an dark atmosphere, a loose plot and a rich lore"
76561198032436948,Recommended,283640,25417767,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Z Lethal,"This game was made by two people.  That's it.  So keep that in mind when I tell you that it's the best indie game I have ever played.  And please ignore my listed 20 hours with it, I have nearly eighty more of offline playtime clocked.This game has all the old school charm of a Metroid or Castlevania style game, loving crafted artwork, and the asthetic in general is incredibly appealing.Combined with tight, genuine platforming mechanics, a crafting system, smooth, lethal combat mechanics, and a skill system that is well beyond what a platformer would normally offer.  And to top it all off?  This game is H.A.R.D.  If you are looking for a challenge, look no further.I cannot recommend this enough.  It's a genuine challenge so it feels rewarding to succeed, it's a beautiful game with a handcrafted asthetic, and it's a damned good experience for your twenty bucks.  Buy it, and get ready to get salty."
76561198071486253,Recommended,283640,28338520,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ChinchillaCaptain,In Dark Souls the worst enemy is your camera. In Salt and Sanctuary its your godamn jump button.10/10 would get salty again
,Recommended,283640,23716737,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Helios Leinheart,"Salt & Sanctuary is a truly remarkable effort by the husband and wife team of Ska Studios. I looked forward to this game for two years since seeing VaatiVidya's alpha footage of it. Now that the game is out, it does not disappoint in the least. Everything that I hoped for is here, and any slight issues with the game just don't stack up when compared to the love and care put into everything else.S&S is Dark Souls combined with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. That's actually how I described the game to a friend. ""Imagine if every enemy in Symphony of the Night was actually a challenge.""If you're thinking you can play this game like any of the ""Metroidvania"" games out there, remove that misconception from your mind. Every attack must be calculated. Every roll timed perfectly. Your surroundings must be studied and investigated as you progress. Secrets must be sniffed out. And bosses sometimes require a high degree of patience to learn their movesets.This is a side scroller for patient people. Impatience is the bane of any Dark Souls player, and that aspect is 100% shared with Salt & Sanctuary. Clever planning, meticulous gear management, and a sharp eye will get you much farther in this game than a hack and slash attitude.There is an impressive amount of content here considering only two people made it. Tons of weapons, armor, and accessories await you. There is also a respectable spell and miracle system. Some spells require a catalyst to be cast, like a staff or wand. But there is also the incantion variety that can be used from your item menu just like potions or throwables. However, there is an odd elemental imbalance system with spells that basically forces one of your four ring slots to be used up for a specific ring that negates it. Using a specific elemental spell too many times in a row without this ring causes an elemental imbalance that will cause you to take damage if you continue casting. It's an interesting system, but doesn't exactly feel neccessary when it can so easily be negated.The large amount of content also applies to the numerous zones you'll be playing through. There are about 20 zones in the game, and each one has a style all its own. It is commendable that Ska Studios stayed true to the Dark Souls method of interconnecting certain zones like a worm in an apple, but it ultimately proves a little pointless since teleporting on a whim is so easy. Thankfully the devs recognized this and added items next to almost every backtracking gate that can be opened, offering incentive to seek them out.A particularly interesting aspect of S&S to discuss is the bosses. While the majority of them are well designed, I noticed that some of them could be made utterly inconsequential depending on what playstyle or gear I was using. One boss would prove to be trivial on one character while another could be a serious challenge. While ideally it would be best if all bosses could be equally challenging, I believe this is a fair compromise given the limitations of making a boss that is creative both on a gameplay and artistic level. It also goes to ensure that there isn't a most powerful playstyle. No matter what you play, you will eventually hit a challenge wall. (And truly no matter what you play, you will hit a challenge wall when you reach a certain witch on a certain lake. A fight that I am still trying to decide if it's poorly designed or not.)While I would love to say that S&S is a flawless experience, there are a few small issues. For example, in the original Dark Souls, you could accidentally break an NPC story line if you played a section out of order or didn't find that NPC in the next area that it was supposes to be in. The NPC would just vanish from your game and you would have to start a new game if you wanted to finish that story line. That is one of the less appetizing aspects of Dark Souls that somehow made its way into Salt & Sanctuary. Unfortunately, it's even easier to accidentally sequence break in this game and cause an NPC to vanish forever. During my third playthrough, I made sure to use a walkthrough so this didn't happen again. After using said walkthrough, I realized just how easy it would be to mess up and do things out of order.Another issue that is a glaring issue for me is the music. What is here is good, but it was halfway through my second playthrough that I finally turned off the BGM because I couldn't stand listening to those same four guitar chords that play over and over again in sanctuaries. It literally got stuck in my head and I couldn't stand it. Other than that, the game is mostly quiet with the exception of boss fights and a tune that sometimes plays while exploring zones. Although I will concede. The tracks that play during the last 15 to 30 minutes the game are excellent. Perhaps not quite memorable since there's still not much of a melody to them, but they are powerful songs that truly grasp the gravity of the moment.Another issue is the lack of a map. A map in a game like Dark Souls just wouldn't be possible, but this is a 2D plane. There are fan made maps out there that perfectly detail the game, but no map in the actual game. Perhaps the devs thought that a map would break immersion. To an extent I agree with that statement, but you know what else breaks immersion? Having to alt tab out to bring up a fan made map because I can't remember or figure out where to go next. Bottom line, have a map.As I said earlier, these issues are nothing when compared to the sheer scope of accomplishment that Salt & Sanctuary achieves. A married couple set out to make a side scroller inspired by Dark Souls, and they succeeded. I have high hopes for either expansions to the current game, or even a sequel. Salt & Sanctuary is well worth the asking price of $17.99. I do not regret my purchase in the least."
,Recommended,283640,23355756,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,CoolRanch,"THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE!!!Reading the reviews people have put on here I agree with some but most of them are the persons fault. Yes the game pretty much made a 2d Dark Souls but it's still good.-Controls-Yes this games controls are odd and the timing is not perfect. There is a slight delay in jumping which will cause troubles when it comes to platforming (which causes a lot of early game deaths) but it's something you will adjust to without realizing it.-Bosses and Enemies-Most of the bosses have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but they are still fair you just need to learn the moves. Unlike Dark Souls where you have a whole 360 degrees  to dodge around the bosses the 2d makes it a lot harder to dodge but they balance it out by giving you a faster dodge. The normal enemies can be a pain most of the time but just like bosses after you learn there moves they are easy.(Besides those unicorn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I hate them with a passion.)-Getting lost-The one I have seen people complained the most about besides controls is getting lost and backtracking. This is a metroidvania game, you are ment to get lost and backtrack. This game will not hold your hand when you need to figure out where to go and will not tell you when to backtrack but it will drop small hints here and there.-Game Mechanics-The game pretty much tells you what you need to know but just like Dark Souls there are hidden game mechanics that they won't tell you about and neither will I.If you can get past odd controls, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bosses and enemies, getting lost , backtracking, and hidden mechanics then you will like this game."
76561198033240156,Recommended,283640,28540373,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mikhail,"Great game.One caveat. Since it's a Dark Souls style game, death has relatively big consequences here. It is also a 2D platformer with pretty hardcore platforming sections. Endless pits, invisible platforms, moving platforms, timed platforms, enemies that can knock you back in the air making you fail a jump... whole 9 yards. If you're not good with this kind of stuff, this particular combination will burn your nerves out with rage. Beware."
,Recommended,283640,25072589,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ZoraZ,"It has almost everything you love from Dark Souls, and almost everything you love from Metroidvania.And also everything you hate. GET SALTY."
76561198038033119,Recommended,283640,30468560,Posted: 12 March,all,TheLastVoodooman,"Let's get to the point first and ask if is this game worth about 20 bucks.In my opinion: Yes. I have put more time into this game than into many other high profile games.(Scroll down if you just want to see the pros and cons)If you like Dark Souls you probably already heard about it.And yes, in it's core it's a well done Souls inspired game with a metroidvania platformer getup.It has punishing enemies, covenants (creeds as they are called), souls like currency, a parry/riposte system, variety in armor and weapons(some work even better in 2d), an interesting artstyle and beautiful scenery.There are some differences though.Creeds actively give boni as you level them up, having greater impact on the game than just selling certain spells, weapons or armor. These boni consist out of these as well, but you can also get more healing items, buffs and consumeables. You can choose one out of the later each time you level one creed up by trading in monster drops.Instead of souls you get salt. It's used to level your character, upgrade weapons and create new weapons from monsterdrops. Similar to bossweapons, but here also from common monsters as well.You also receive gold to buy anything elseSpeaking of leveling up: Unlike in Souls games you don't immediatly spend your levels on base stats. But rather receive a black pearl which you put into a Final Fantasy 10 like grid. Here you can spend this pearl for stats and the ability to use weapon and armor types and classes from tier 1 to 5. You have to go down paths to reach the end tier of each. You can put up to three points in each stat.Weapon and armors cost as much as the tier number, tier 5 costs 5 pearls (level ups) however they boost one stat just as much as well. So if you buy the abilty for tier 5 swords you also get 5 strength. You get more out of weapon points than for individual stats.You can also find these black pearls every now and then in the game as well as grey pearls which erase points you spend and then you can rearrange them.Like in Dark Souls 1 (at least in my opinion), once you are able to parry, you can parry any parryable attack by blocking and pressing attack. Either with a shield or 2 handed weapon (I experienced no difference)You can 1 and 2 hand any weapon, 2 handing increases your strength by 50%. Instead of a shield you can use wands, the miracle counterpart and 1handed ranged weapons, like crossbows and guns. The aiming does need time to get used to, though.Some weapon types combine movesets from others. The swordwhip (you guessed it) combines swords and whips for example.You will have no trouble finding armor sets and weapons you like in terms of looks and usabilty, I am sure.I have mentioned the artstyle, I personally love it a lot, but it's a matter of taste so take it with a grain of salt.In combat you will notice that your max health with decrease by taking damage, similar to Dark Souls 2's slow hollowing process and almost copied from Dragon's Dogma.Same thing happens for stamina and focus (which is new) if you fight long enough. However spells and miracles put a much, much greater strain on these. However spell and miracle users unlock special items to remedy this. Down other skills paths might be one point for this.Items to regain max health can only be unlocked by certain creeds, if at all (correct me if I'm wrong)Now what is present in Salt and Sanctuary and not in Dark Souls is the Metroidvania like gameplay.You have one big map, but some areas are restricted by abilities you will unlock by branding through the game.Such as inverting gravity (only for you and by activating certain monoliths), I will not tell you all of them...As you progress through the world, you'll find sanctuaries, save spaces similar to bonfires. By claiming it for your creed you can rest there, level up and upgrade it by offering stone statues. These not only bring npcs to these places, but also give passive buffs to the sanctuary's designated area. And yes, you are always part of a creed. You can freely switch between them, but some might not want to put up with you after you sinned often enough.Spellcasters will recieve elemental imballance, punishing overuse of magic spells (I had no trouble though)There is a multiplayer, you can unlock it by offering a sellsword statue to the sanctuary. You can also engage in to pvp if you want.I will sum things up now:Pro:-It's beautiful in it's own depressing way.-Enemies are punishing-a bestiary, which keeps up with enemies you have slain and which of how many different drops you have gotten...-combat is simple, but simply works-simple combo system for those who can't finish Devil May Cry on harder difficulties ;)-lot's of variety in almost every way-interesting new mechanics adding to combat-Soulslike storytelling in item descriptions and skilltree, as well as some more philosophical and  obvious story-possible to go through the game in not intended ways-Optional bosses-explorering types are usually rewarded-developer still patches it, implementing new languages and correcting mistakes-number of equipable spells (which there are 2 of each for magic and miracles) doesn't need to be increased by spending points, you still have to make the right choices, though-multible endings-Challenge modes, such as hardcore, no healing, no shields, etc.Con-same weapon types all handle the same, some might be faster some slower, that's it-some types as a whole are uninteresting (imo). I have no desire to play with daggers for example.-you have to consciously decide not to level up to avoid overleveling (I always feel to strong on NG)-while some bosses provide a good challenge at least on NG, others just fall flat...-some enemies have gripping attacks, they are usually pretty strong and are sometimes unavoidable and feel cheap-ambushes might feel cheap too, as some enemies can just appear without warning, always at the same places, though-some shortcuts from different areas make no sense-by teleporting to a sanctuary guide, you can teleport to any sanctuary you visited. Imo he should be tweakedOverall verdict:If you can overlook some shortcomings, you can get your money's worth.I am glad I picked it up after forgetting it was released for quite some time and gladly get back to it every now and then."
,Recommended,283640,24717756,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,2D soulslike game with actual difficulty and cunning traps and horrendeous enemies?Low chance of survival?Cryptic mechanics?Cloudy story and lore?Salt?SIGN. ME. THE ♥♥♥♥. UP
,Recommended,283640,23467835,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ludster,The only Dark Souls-like game where you're gonna want to get salty.
76561198296182557,Recommended,283640,32751016,Posted: 24 June,all,Lizardnix,"Cons:The soundtrack, it gets really annoying after a bit, and there's no variety. Feels like there's only 2 tracks in the game.The character customization leaves a lot to be desired, characters suffer from sameface syndrome.The Lv up system is... poorly made; the skill trees makes things too complicated to plan builds properly. At least it allows to realocate your upgrades... a limited number of times.Pros:The map is very well build, and the connectivity between areas is good.The combat is fluid, and it keeps you on edge.The level design is fine, and gives a good platformer challenge, combined with the combat system gives a unique experience.Enemy design , although they could have taken into account more the platformer component to take over the interaction between the map and combat.I would give it a 7/10, mostly because of the music otherwise it would get an 8.5/10, it just takes out a lot out of the experience. Other than that, if you like metroidvania/soulslike games, I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,283640,25910558,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,› Kringlorr,"Extremely good side-scroller Metroidvania game. Works fine with Keyboard+Mouse but Gamepad is still the best choice. Your first run from beginning to end will take about 20-30 hours. Each subsequent playthrough will take considerably less time as you'll know all the shortcuts. If you like 2D games there's no reason to skip this game.Pros:Strong skill choice system, let's you get a diverse build.Depending on your weapons/shields you can have fast paced combat or slower more methodical combat.Plenty of secret areas with interesting items and gear. There are even some secret zones with their own bosses.Plenty of rings with different effects to choose from. Functions similarly to Terraria's accessories.Plenty of different weapon types (16 total weapon types) and armor types.Generous Invincibility frames when rolling. Possible to kill bosses without being hit if you're good enough.Mostly non-linear gameplay. Once you make it a few hours in you have multiple zones to visit as you wish.Cons:No ingame map. You have to remember how each zone connects to each other or use an external map.Some of the bosses (19 total) are lackluster and not very memorable.Some of the enemies rely on grapple attacks that can bug out and make you fall into the void.A few of the NPC quests (not required) are basically impossible to finish without a guide.Some of the weapons are simply better than others, like the Greatsword/Greathammer.The faction system (Creeds) is fairly confusing at first.No mod support at the moment. Hinted at by devs as possible in the future.Doesn't hold your hand at all tutorial-wise. Some may see this as a good thing though.I'm not a big fan of the art style, especially the human faces. The backgrounds are fine though, if a bit samey in some zones."
,Recommended,283640,23299907,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,D_KingOfSpades,"At first, I was interested because I heard the game was souls-like.I managed to buy it first week of summer break 2016. I was torn apart weth I should get Hyper Light Drifter or Salt and Sanctuary. My little brother was a little more interested in S&S, so I got it.I got thrown onto an unknown island to find my princess, after I lost her at sea and washed ashore. I found my first sellsword idol and realised, ""Wait, there's local co-op?""And so me and my brother played and enjoiyed the game to our fullest. I was the tanky, two-hand great sword dude, and he was the high dps mage. I also threw a little of miracles into my build to use the guardian sword miracle I bought (but ended up finding the revive miracle way more useful).The game, by itself, should not be treated as a parody to Dark Souls. Rather, treat it as a stand-alone title, with its own experience and gameplay that rivals even Dark Souls. Treat the game as an equal, because it gives and experience that is independent in its own way. Of course, it does look a little souls-like, but dut let that make you think the game is a worse parody of Dark Souls. The world map is interconnected in a way that can even rival Dark Souls. The bosses are just as amazing and challenging, if not, more. But unlike Dark Souls, the platforming never gets old as you wall jump, change gravity, and even dash mid-air to help you get to where you're going.In summary, the game has you running about killing monsters, jumping in puzzles, and slaying enormous bosses. But unlike Dark Souls, the whole concept of plattforming, level and world design make the experience unique and fun. You can even bring a friend to help you celebrate your deathfest."
76561198025936986,Recommended,283640,25327246,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ahawk_one,"Metroid fans and Dark Souls fans,welcome home."
76561198127011902,Recommended,283640,23413886,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Yipeekay,Git-gud 2D edition
76561198033175545,Recommended,283640,23055472,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Okuri Ôkami,"I bought this back in March on the PS4 and have a decent total playtime with that version (100 hours+).The port is exactly the same game with some pc quality of life upgrades. Like rebindable keys,  resoultion options, borderless windowed and generally what to expect on PCOnto the game:This game is basically a Souls-inspired set in a 2D metriodvania style. The game mechanics which are very similar to souls function in a fashion that makes it feel natural. The Controls are responsive and fuction like what you should expect out of sloid metroidvania.The game uses most of the machnica found in dark souls and fucntion 2d plane (Stamina bar, Invicibilty frames, safe zones, refreshable healing, currency dropped on death and then gone if you can't retrieve it etc.)A mechanic in this game that can be brutal is wouding. Attacks deal different amount of wounding to you, reducing you total max health. This can destory you if you aren't careful. As well as wounding, you can exhuast your stamina bar losing max stamina. This is easy too do since rolls use a lot of stamina but are very very usefull ."" This luckily be reset at sanctuaries (safe zones) or with certain spells/items.Leveling up in this game is interesting . Instead of simply having stats to level up, you have a talent tree.The talen't tree adds depth and a diffrent apporach I think is beneficial for this game. You flesh out and learn higher classes within it. Which might seem annoying in the first place but it adds to not making you a master of all trades but certinaly you can be a jack of all trades . While higher class gear is genrally better it means you gotta sepnd a lot more levels to get it. Hence it balances out. Everything in skill tree imrpoves your stats, other than those giving you more potions and such.In this game you carry salt and gold as it's currenices All salt is dropped or rather stealed by the enemy that kills you, the enemy that steals your salt will power up and you receive the salt when it's killed. Bosses drop salt they've stolen at set precents (usually 20-25% ish) and doesn't seem to change in anyway by holding it. Upoun death a npc will pull you back to the last sanctuary (safe zone) and take a set amount of your gold (10% ish). This can't be retrived.Salt is mainly used to level up your level and weapons and to transmute weapons with boss drops and enemy drops making them into something else. While gold is mainly used too buy items.In this game sancutries are your safehaven and where you level up. The big thing here is that sanctuaries are under certain creeds if not empty. If you are the the sanctury's creed you can summon npc's to that sanctuary, vendors, blacksmiths, creed questline npc's etc. If a sanctuary is oppucied by another creed you can not summon npc's or get creed exlusive's from the npc. The npc in there will offer you to join theri creed which abondeds the old one. You can hower convert or defile another sanctuary to take it over.Creeds have exlusive itmes at certain npcs which usually are locked behind leveling up the creed. This can be done trough a leader (creed npc).The enemies and bosses in this game is very varied and placemnt of enemies uses the 2D plane to it's fullest. Platforming is a fair chunk in this game while not the most difficult it adds to the game and can be used heavily against some enemies.Boss desgin is great, difficulty is fairly moderate or hard.The art-style help with telegraphing a bosses attack and mankes it clear what action to do, so it's on you if you mess upBosses in this game is highly varied in terms of desgin, attacks etc. So bossfight doesn't feel like copycats.This game has a good hand of secret and cryptic secrets. So there is a lot to exprole.The world conects together, making backtracking less a chore and makes the world seem more ""naturual""Sound and visual wise this game is solid giving you a fairly good immersion.The game cartinaly isn't without flaws, but no game breaking ones. There is a lot that could be added and things to improve and tweak, but for such a small team this is a Grand 2D piece. This game isn't for everyone, but if you like some hefty meaty metdorvania and think this sound great go for it.I highly recommend this game.PS: For those who need help; Yes there is a wiki and helpful formus"
76561198099266604,Recommended,283640,29617296,Posted: 31 January,all,ydahhrk,"Ok, so... I played this game with a friend. Couch co-op, that is. We talked this over. Neither of us is much of a believer of anything, but we're sort of in agreement with one thing:The developers of this game must have sealed a pact with a demon or something.Salt and Sanctuary is... incredibly fun. Like, ridiculously fun. Beautifully, perfectly, unmeasurably, unfathomably,grotesquelyfun.It's unbelievable."
,Recommended,283640,25480292,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hakunin,"There was only 2 things which could cure my Dark Souls Stockholm Syndrome.1. A car crash and memory loss,2. Salt and Sanctuary.This game is that good. Buy IT!"
,Recommended,283640,23095119,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,electric jesus,"Is this 2D Dark Souls or something completly different ?First things first, in my opinion this game should not be compared to Dark Souls.As someone who beat all Dark Souls games multiple times, I see why people compare it to Dark Souls and I have to say, that some facts are pretty identical to Miyazakis masterpiece (lets forget Dark Souls 2 for a moment). But this game feels more like a 2D brawler, like Streets of Rage or to be more precise, because of the higher difficulty level, like the old Shinobi or Ninja Gaiden games.But lets talk about the game itself:The game has a stunning artwork. Everything looks like a painting. The animations are fluid and the combat system is ""inspired"" by Dark Souls (damn, looks like this comparison is just too fitting...), means you have a fast depleting stamina bar wich is used for every action taken and a even faster depleting healthbar, if you are not carefull enough. And itwilldeplete, because the bosses are difficult, have mostly two or more phases and are just freaking awesomely designed. For example an early boss,The Queen of Smileslooks just terrifyingly epic and has some pretty beautiful and deadly attacks.The weapons you will use have different move patterns, wich needs to be mastered. But for me, here ends the similarities between Dark Souls and Salt and Sanctuary.Salt and Santuary plays like a 2D plattformer, stuck into a great RPG-corset. And the battlesystem reminds me somewhat of Devil May Cry, with its fast and light attacks and the heavy but slow attacks and of course the aerial combos. Yes, right - aerial combos. You can knock your enemies up in the air and follow them with some hits and a final blow to the ground, wich is a good way to deal damage while avoiding it.By the way, wich needs some explanation too is, that if you want to play a sorcerer or cleric:When you cast spells, your stamina bar will loose some maximum stamina, wich represents fatigue. So you need some ""blue health pots"" (they are different for each faction) to restore your maximum value.And lets not forget that this game is a metroidvania, too. You will find items and equipment wich will help you find new ways, even in the starting area, after you have departed for round about 3 hours. So prepare for some backtracking, if you want to reveal all the secrets of the island.To make it short:Pros:Beautiful artstyle (- but the character models look a bit strange at first)Challenging gameplay and bossesMetroidvania thoroughlyThere are some factions to choose from, wich will alter the look of your sanctuary.Even compared to Dark Souls, this game differs a whole lot, to be recognize as its own gameCons:If you dont like backtracking - there is backtrackingSome may do not like the character modelsThat´s all - seriously, I do not find any other cons, at least for me.VerdictTo be honest, this game looks like Dark Souls, feels like Dark Souls, but it plays totally different compared to Dark Souls.The World itself, with its melancholic feel and artwork wants to be explored. The weapons and skills wants to be mastered. The epic bosses want to be defeated. This game breaths and lives the vibe of the Souls-Games, but it has it own ideas and tweaks to be its own game. If you like the Souls-Games and need a new fix, this will greatly sufficient.Even if I have not yet completed the game, I am sure that I will remind this game as ""Salt and Sanctuary"" and not as ""the 2D Dark Souls game"".(Edit: After exactly 15 hours of play time I have beaten the game, and it is pretty awesome. The ending will left you want to play more and thankfully there is NG+.Still I need to say, that the last few bosses were much to easy, at least for my build, wich contained heavy armor and a two-handed mace)......By the way, I did compare it to Dark Souls, didn´t I ? ..."
,Recommended,283640,25488784,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Fish Man,"Oh. My. God. Went into this because I played 200+ hours of darksouls 1-3 + bloodborne so I wanted something new. I've played 7.7 hours in one day...Send help. I can't stop playing.But if you love dark souls. You will love this too.*EDIT*beat it twice now... played 32 hours... no help yet...*EDIT... AGAIN...*One more thing... ive been reading some negative reviews and most are about the controls (mostly about grabing onto stuff), i found that if you hold up (i think havent played it in a bit been busy) and jump TOWARD it not just straight up, your character will grab as soon as you are in range.hope this helps someone, it did annoy me that i didnt fit out until about the last level.(P.S. i played with a controler, so i dont know if the grabbing thing works with keyboard)either way... enjoy!"
,Recommended,283640,27908338,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LONG JOHNSON,"good game dude. I've never played a souls game but I 100%'d this and really enjoyed itAfter i got it I played for a week or 2 straight and when i felt like i was close to the end I stayed up until 7am to beat it. I accidentally chose the wrong ending, so i spent the next 12 hours laying down playing NG+ to right my wrong. I watched the sun rise and set without getting up once. I did eventually get the other ending though. I think I played it for like 28 hours straight. I am become potato, destroyer of self worth.Wish there were more character slots, I have to keep copies of my 25+ save files"
,Recommended,283640,32320084,Posted: 10 June,all,D`MOELESTAR,"Finished this game with 19 hours playtimeMaybe it's basically 2D dark souls, the combat and the saltGold and salt, gold is used for purchasing items and salt is used for leveling up or upgrading equipmentEverytime you die, you'll lose 10% of current gold and you'll drop all your current saltYou can reclaim your salt by killing the enemy who killed you or an enemy that materialized if you died from environment, and if the boss killed you, you need to reduce it's HP to the certain amount to reclaim your saltHp, stamina and focusStamina and focus are bound to each otherEverytime you do action, you'll lose focus and stamina, the amount of focus is half of your staminafocus doesn't regen but stamina doesEverytime you get hit, you'll get wounded, reducing your max hpThere will be item to regain lost focus, and prayers to heal woundAll this status will be refreshed everytime you visit shrine or sanctuaryYou can level up in sanctuary by paying with salt, everytime you level up, the amount of salt needed to level up is increased"
76561198038976176,Recommended,283640,31455690,Posted: 29 April,all,halcyondazed,"I regularly come back here hoping to see that they've added multiplayer co-op.Otherwise, the game is perfect."
76561198047518635,Recommended,283640,23144958,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,h0rnyfavn,"A great Dark Souls-lite 2D game made by  a small team (just two devs!).ProsCombatExploring nicely done areasCraftingDying and prevailingExcellent performance, really small install sizemusicart style (except for really strange faces ;)KB\mouse  controls are quite good and can be remapped.2 endings. One for paladins and another one for us, Evil Overlords ;PConsPitchwoods.The area and the boss are optional, however, if you are a mage you have to ""git gud"" at pretty hard platforming (only in this area)  coz it's the only way to get to the best mage covenant.No other covenant is locked like this...I suck at pretty hardcore platforming, so it's in cons.The game needs some balancing in regard to spells (tier 4 Dragonfire spell  nerfed to oblivion and useless etc) and probably some weapon types( daggers)No online co-op for now.A bit washed out graphics in general but I guess it was made on purpose for creating this dream-like island.Hitboxes. You hit and get hit although visually it never happened.Just a bit of phantom range.  But you get used to it real fast.Some dubious choices to make the game artificially more difficult.I haven't played NG+, so I can't say how it is..8/10"
,Recommended,283640,34072082,Posted: 6 August,all,alphyna,"Salt and Sanctuaryis the Dark Souls of Dark Souls clones.And by that I don't just mean that it's a grey-colored metroidvania with challenging bosses and diverse fights. Oh no, this game goes all-out, copying not just the gameplay loop, but also a bunch of random Dark Souls quirks, like starting at a level higher than one, items having a ton of various stats (all of which matter little compared to your speed), having a burial gift, the first boss likely killing you, NPCs appearing in the world, shades of other players' deaths being seen, the stamina-regenerating ring being plant-themed, and so on, and so forth. It even has its very own Nito.It would be unfair to say that it's just Souls though. Among the enemies there are Alien and Predator clones too. And the skill tree comes directly fromPath of Exile.All of that leaves the game in an awkward spot. Is it fun to play? Hell yes—I would without any doubt recommend it to any Souls lover; the conversion to 2D is done beautifully, with the platforming sections being more of the puzzle variety than about twitch skills, but often perfectly tense. Enemies are usually easy enough to take down one-on-one, but they can easily overwhelm you as soon as you lose concentration. A ton of secrets lure and beckon. And I think that the most praiseSalt and Sanctuarydeserves is for hitting the sweet spot with the difficulty—it's never a cakewalk, but never too frustraring either.But did the 'Cast Light' effect really need to be represented by a glowing dot above your head? Why copy something so random and non-essential? It's baffling—and it's not just an Easter egg, unless the whole game is supposed to be a huge Easter omelette.Salt and Sanctuaryis clearly low-budget, so it's understandable (if a bit jarring) that all the bosses share the same music. But did you really have to also share so many things with different franchises?Perhaps this is also the reason why the bosses seemed merely okay. One relatively fresh thing the game offers is the brands, that give you new abilities to help traverse the world. Clearly they are core to the game's identity—so why not use them in boss fights? The only boss that strayed away from the 'dodge-attack' formula was The Tree of Man, that made you jump platforms. And, while decently frustrating, he was very cool. I wish there were more bosses like him.Salt and Sanctuarygenerally is an odd one: a game that is very much fun to play if you like the formula, but is unlikely to produce die-hard fans due to its lack of originality. It's like it was conceived to merely make the B-list.Then again, B is far from the worst letter in the alphabet.P. S. Is there any use for gold except for watching it slowly seep away as you die repeatedly at a challenging section or boss?"
,Recommended,283640,23042260,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Eivert,Castlevania/Metroid (Platforming) meets Dark Souls (Combat).
76561198056853976,Recommended,283640,23411071,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tedtris,"This is a great entry point for someone wanting to try a ""hard"" game.It's almost impossible to get into any discussion about this game without the phrase ""2D Dark Souls"" coming up, and with good reason.  The bottom line is that this is a very addicting, 'hard' game that feels like Dark Souls and Castlevania had a metroidvania love child.Hopefully without gushing too much..Pros:-Rewarding gameplay that feels good once you get the hang of it-Tight controls, this game is all about timing and strategy, not button mashing.  There are combos, to a point, and when you execute one perfectly and the monster explodes into a blood stain, it's some of the best 2D combat ever.-The art direction in this game is perfect.  The island, the characters, the weapons.. everything comes together to deliver a beautifuly modern 2D experience that is cohesive, while still delivering varied locales on the island.-The story, it's there, and it's a good one, but it's very much not in your face and you can breeze right by it if you choose..  Don't.  Talk to everyone, seek out new areas and people, exhaust all conversation trees, and talk to the scarecrow. Always.-The sphere-grid skill tree and leveling system in this game is deep and when you combine that with New Game+ can produce some pretty interesting hybrid builds.-You will get frustrated, and you will get mad, and you will want to keep playing this game regardless.-Pumpkin HelmCons:-Not really a con because it's more just part of the genre, but can scare away someone used to having a game hold their hand (If this is you I'm describing, push forward and keep trying even after seeing ""Obliterated"" splash across your screen dozens of times..it happens.. and maybe switch to a strength build using 2h when you can.  2H hammers in this game are a license to make monsters explode. You can also grind up salt from monsters and level up at a santuary a bunch if a boss is just too much for you)-An in-game indication of soft cap breakpoints on skill-tree points/ more in depth weapon scaling info would be helpful, but thankfully there is an extremely good Salt and Sanctuary wiki with a lot of this information.  Same goes for boss weaknesses, although those are sometimes indicated on message bottles in-game.-A map of discovered areas would be nice at some point in the game.10/10 would kill God's with a giant warhammer again"
76561198139131735,Recommended,283640,31204650,Posted: 17 April,all,CO0KM3,"Great game for fans of the Souls series. If you like the movement and exploration of metroidvania games as well, it's basically a must-buy. Local co-op is great for introducing your more casual friends to thepainfun that is Dark Souls."
,Recommended,283640,26502356,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Yal,"Salt & Sanctuary is compared to Dark Souls a lot. There definitely are similarities, but if you'd play S&S to get ""more"" Dark Souls, you will get disappointed. S&S is more obscure both lore-wise and gameplay-wise, has less items to mess around with, and the loss of a dimension makes movement, perception and spacing less important in favor of twitch reactions and stamina management. However, S&S has ""proper"" couch co-op, the gameplay feels satisfying, and despite the game overall being worse than the 'real' Souls games, it's still well above average and a pleasure to play.The main disadvantage of S&S is the systemic obscurity; you will need to have a plan to play properly, and a lot of important decisions you make early on (such as which creed to pick or how to level up skills optimally) are not explained in-game, meaning you can screw yourself over because you could not make an informed decision. While Dark Souls is about ""making the best of what you have"", Salt & Sanctuary is about ""work towards an intended goal"". If you're okay with that, or just want an easier game to see if the Dark Souls hype is something you want to get into, S&S is a solid metroidvania well worth the price of admission. Just make sure you bookmark a wiki or two before you embark."
76561198012654426,Recommended,283640,28672703,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Have,"This game is a literal 2D Dark Souls. This is good, I like this."
,Recommended,283640,23125964,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Beffy Man,Gravity Kill Count : 59Enemy Kill Count : 3
76561198013151865,Recommended,283640,29847188,Posted: 11 February,all,Syd Montague,"Overall, a good game.Pros:-Interesting story.-Dark Souls style game play-Character Customization-Class Customization-Variety of weapons and combat stylesCons:-The story becomes completely irrelevant by the second boss-The platforming puzzles are horrible-Most of your deaths will be from falling or being whacked off a platformReccomended game, but you've got to take it with a pinch of salt. Pun intended."
,Recommended,283640,23317137,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tenoz,"This game made me repeatedly say ""I f***ing hate this game"", I'm sure you'll love it too 5 stars!"
,Recommended,283640,32872661,Posted: 27 June,all,Kyrah Abattoir,"Pretty much like dark souls, without that pesky 3rd dimension and with all the salt you would expect."
76561198304723502,Recommended,283640,28660997,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,daerian.dragon,"Very good and interesting game. Many people call it ""platform souls"" or ""2D souls"" because of Souls series influences (which are clear as day), however for me it is still closer to Metroidvania style games with added character progression in form of stats/builds and with bigger emphasis on challenging combat than platforming (there are however still few quite challenging platforming sections).If you like Souls series and/or Metroidvania games I would really recommend this one."
,Recommended,283640,25727100,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Sun Bro,"I have Always loved 2d platform games and I have always dreamed of this mashup, souls formula and a metroidvania style.When I a friend told me about this game, I Raged hard because it was initially released for consoles, and cried manly tears when I heard that it was going to be released at steam.The game is challenging, fun and has the same replay value as any souls game. Thousands of weapons and dozens of builds to experiment and progress through the game. Cool bosses, nice level design and I should talk about the gameplay: A challenging game needs to have good gameplay and the game delivers it. Fast paced with good responsivity to your inputs and commands. It’s very pleasant to see this level of gameplay on an indie game. You can feel a good coded game and its very satisfying to play it.I really enjoyed the game, and if you are into 2d platform games you should try it. Even if you don’t like the souls formula, you should give it a try, because it’s an awesome 2D game.And let’s not forget that it was done by a very small team of 2 devs, one marketing guy and 2 cats.  I would lke to say HELLO to some terrible and lier devs that don’t deliver what they promise. Learn from Ska Studio!Cheers to then, what an awesome game!"
,Recommended,283640,23134901,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,"Dr. Prude PhD, Trapology","This game is basically everything I wanted from it. Captures the Souls combat formula perfectly in 2D, incorporates aspects of metroidvania games to fill in the rest of the mechanics, and just feels well put together (especially for such a small team) whilst not being overly short or simplistic. I've played all 3 of the main Dark Souls installments and perhaps it's just familiarity causing it, but I found this legitimately more challenging at many points than Dark Souls 3 was. Level design is excellent (and would probably appeal to people who preferred Dark Souls 1's looping paths and interconnectivity and abundance of shortcuts) and the platforming aspect isn't neglected either; there's some neat tricks introduced as you go deeper. The price of entry seems fair, I could see myself spending multiple playthroughs at likely over 10 hours each (2-3x more for the first, NG+ an option) with this. Strikes me as very replayable with as many interesting build options that the game gives you. Magic isn't awful like it has been for the last 1.5 Dark Souls games either, so there's that. Virtually anyone could run this, and I've not heard of many technical issues (more than could be honestly said for some of its inspiration). All in all I had a lot of fun and the similarity to niche games many of us have previously enjoyed helps to both highlight where it does well in emulating the thrill of said games, but also shows off the ways that it feels like an entirely new experience divergent from those games.Really all I could complain about here is enemy grab attacks. Mostly unfun in the Souls games and mostly unfun here too when they come in to play, but that's just a select few enemy types that often have avoidable mechanics if cautious."
76561198039595504,Recommended,283640,32839588,Posted: 26 June,all,max.renk,Going to be the first review I post but this game is incredible. If you're on the edge just buy it. It will most certainly be worth your time. It has a pretty large learning curve but if you like a challenge and a fast paced game then this is your choice. The combat is fun and tough and I found myself wanting to play it in every different play style I could after I beat it. There is some deeper meaning to it and it feels good to be into it. Highly highly recommend it and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
,Recommended,283640,23049787,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Toddus_Maximus,"A great 2D/sidescrolling ""Metroidvania"" platform RPG. Sanctuaries act as hubs for leveling up (which is done by collecting ""salt"" from enemies), branching your skill tree, and talking with vendors. Tech Tree is locked so choose skills/abilities wisely. Losing salt when you die makes death a consideration when chosing to battle enemies who might be stronger than you. This lends itself to somewhat of a grind for salt/leveling up at the begininng of the game but the grind is just enough to let you get a feel for controls. I used my Xbox One controller in lieu of a mouse/keyboard and it works great - would highly recommend going this route. The different character classes seem to offer lots of great replayibility."
76561197966945821,Recommended,283640,28076415,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CruE,"Obviously the Dark Souls references are there, which are great who doesn't love 2D Dark Souls. But I really enjoyed the Castlevania feel of it by gathering upgrades that enable you to reach areas you aren't able to in the beginning.So many great bosses, weapons, NPCs, skills, factions. It's all there.If you like Dark Souls and/or 2D MetroidVania style gameplay this one's for you."
,Recommended,283640,23793053,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rawarg,This is the first game that I played 50+ hours from the release of the game. It is more amazing if you choose to play with a friend!
,Recommended,283640,23043780,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rekn Ralph,"I've been waiting for this game since January, and let me say, this game lived up the it's expectations.After the first boss, I've come to the conclusion that Salt and Sanctuary (S&S) is a 2d Dark Souls. S&S has all the same Souls-like mechanics: Light, Heavy, Block, Parry, Rolling, stamina draining actions and commitment to your actions.The combat is smooth. Heavy and Light attacks, parrying and blocking all come together to give a combat depth I've not seen in a game since Dark Souls. The added jumping attacks give another dimension to the combat.,,Each weapon has a class, and these classes have different move-sets (like Dark Souls) which add even more depth. In addition to weapons there are incantations (spells) to add more variety than just your average hack and slash.The platforming is precise unlike Vladis Story, Platforming in S&S feels fluid, and it hasn't gotten in the way of combat, yet.I died on the first boss a few times because it was so intense, but the difficulty isn't unfair like in some games (Vladis Story for example). It feels very fair, I only died to the boss from my mistakes, not because of some unblockable RNG combo. I almost died from a normal enemy because of my mistakes as well.There is also local co-op which is very well laid out and was the most fun I had in a long time on a PC game. Salt is the best couch co-op game I've played on PC in a long, long time.Overall, If you like titles like Dark Souls, Zelda, Ori and the Blind Forest, or even Vladis Story (which I didn't like), then, I think you'll enjoy this game. S&S  is even worth it at full price."
,Recommended,283640,33552968,Posted: 14 July,all,Lintire,"Salt and Sanctuary; a game about getting salty as much as losing salt.From your first step into the world of salt and saltinis, decent gameplay is what you're using to mine some salt. It plays fast and loose with the Dark Souls inspirations, giving you lenient stamina regen, i-framed rolls to enable enemy aggression, actual movesets and even juggles to go with the parries. With some of the weapon types - scythes come to mind - it's pretty much a straight beat em up.Far from a bad thing, this is legitimately fun. Your weapon types all have distinct and individual movesets - with small swords and poleaxes getting pretty nuts comparative to the usual aRPG - and since enemy damage is heavily dependent on your weapon type, just as much as raw damage, you're heavily encouraged to keep a couple of types on your person.Fun tip, you want at least one sharp weapon, one blunt weapon and at least one elemental buff! NG+ with just a sharp wasn't too fun.Now stagger/poise is weirdly inconsistent - with how enemies either ignore wake-up stagger or just power through your combos, so the best weapons to combo with - or just use in general - are the ones with the most boring movesets.This is less than fantastic and I'm not sure why it exists. Team Ska has several beat em ups under their belt, ""enemies recovering mid-combo"" is up there with pixel-hunting as far as videogame design sins go. Several enemy types exist to be parry-bait unless you have a greatsword or something.""Sometimes the best thing to do is simply to listen.""- A questing knight who'll end every conversation on a platitude, like a condescending broken record.Enemy variety itself is alright. Pretty good. Covers all your bases. In a massive indie metroidvania aRPG you do expect to see corners cut and they've done it in a way that doesn't really affect game quality - enemies sharing movesets and such. There's a couple of goofy fun enemies but mostly it's just alright.Boss design is also alright. They do have at least one boss for each archetype and branch out into more interesting boss designs towards the end of the game (The Coveted comes to mind, and it's not a bad or gimmick boss) instead of playing it safe.Then you have your world. It's good. Generally just about everything in this game is at least good, that's refreshing to review.Environments are varied, widespread and heavily interconnected. You're constantly unlocking shortcuts to areas you've been before, although the fast-travel system does mean you'll rarely be using them.""You know the place: Coastrock.""- A despondent thief, who just leaves. What a champ.Not as bad as it sounds, since levels do get pretty big the amount of commute involved in this game where you're constantly returning to previous areas would rival most actual jobs.Looking at stuff along the way, arts okay. Weird chibi faces aren't as big a deal as you'd think with an FOV that large, and the tweened animation is well-paced. Unless you have a pet peeve for 3-fingered hands it's fine.As for the writing, two and a half playthroughs and I still have no idea what the plot is. There's 200 biblical verses and poems, 200 more lengthy item descriptions telling you that yes, a pitchfork is a big fork attached to a stick, and maybe half a dozen lines from actual NPCs. Something about people not being who they seem? I don't know.There's no real cutscenes or anything though so the non-plot doesn't get in the way. Maybe you can get into it. I'm a gameplay guy, didn't pay much attention.""I'm going to retrace my steps, perhaps I'll find an answer.""- An unraveling sorcercer, which is his character arc in two words.So for all the salt you've lost along the way, Saltborn, on your way to salt up the saltgod of the saltland, you'll find an undercurrent of gold. I'd recommend Salt and Sanctuary not to people looking ""for more"" of your Dark Souls whatever, but just to anyone with a decent interest in aRPGs or metroidvania beat em ups. It's a good game.I just can't believe I didn't find one ingame joke about ""salting the earth""."
,Recommended,283640,23041715,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SWEET LEMON TEA,it's like 2D dark souls but your guy looks kinda like a fish for some reason
,Recommended,283640,30612700,Posted: 19 March,all,Imperator,"It could be a 2D Dark Souls game.But is way better.A lost, corrupted island with dark dungeons, ancient evil bosses and your occassional Cthulhu.Cool, not overwhelming, character design, with a variety of creeds to add several bonuses and a fair (sometimes challenging) gameplay. Almost certainly, a game you will play again after you finish for the first time.Lack of map is a minus.9/10"
76561197996668019,Recommended,283640,23120154,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Liquid,"(Excuse my english, i am no native, but i felt this review is better written in english, hope it helps!)The first thing if have to say, that i dont like the direct comparism to the Souls Series. Its more often called ""2D Dark Souls"" then its called by its real name. Yes, its true that the game takes a lot of things from the Souls Franchise and its easy to see and say where the inspiritation came from. But it mixes it up with its own unique ideas wich make this game very special.The 2D perspective and the controlls give this game the possiblity to use jump'n run mechanics and also some metroid or castlevania elements mixed up with pretty well working combat system wich wants to figured out by the player. The combat is challenging as it is in the Souls Series but it has its own flow coming from the faster movement of the players characer. The list of weapons and armor is large, there is a huge skill tree, many possibilites to build yor character.The worlds in this game look amazing and beatiful, very detailed you can see that the devs loved what they did. There is a very unique vibe that you can feel while playing the game. Its all dark and sad, but in the same moment this sadness is broken up by the funny design they have choosen for your character and the npcs. The worlds dont equal each other and so do the bosses. There are various enemies, wich are all well designed mostly feel well placed and not just put there just to be there.There are not many downsides for this game. In some situations the game is a bit unfair, cause you will die without having the chance to escape or win the fight. It takes some time to figure out the Sanctuary, Creed and weapon enforcement mechanics. Escpecially the Sanctuary/Creed thingy is a bit confusing. But thats all.To put it in a nutshell: If you are a Souls-Fan like i am, you will love this game, if you like well planed and lovely designed 2D metroidvania games, you will love this game. If you like challenging hack'n slay with tactical combat, you will also love this game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,283640,26593429,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Panda in the USA,"Salt and Sanctuary is a neat and very unique title, mixing 2D platformer with action role-playing. With a very well done art style as well as good level design you'll find yourself noticing just how linked every zone is with the rest of the world Zones lead into one another very well from many hidden paths. The game also offers many different combat styles to pick from with a very well done skill tree that lets you build your own mix of skills and talents. Something most people will see right away is that the game seems to take a lot from the Dark Souls series. You will get a very strong Souls vibe, but don't let that turn you away, this game has so much new to offer to the mix you'll soon find it to be far from any of the Souls titles. So, if you'd enjoy a dark, bloody, and very rewarding fast paced RPG with very high replay value, speed running potential, as well as a neat little story to tie it all together, please give this a try!TldrPros:Art styleGameplayCharacter progressionMusic*Level and monster designCons:*Music (Almost every boss having the same intro and theme hurts immersion, still good tho.)Story NPCs were a bit lack lusterA bit shortYou'll find monsters with grab attacks being a cheap death rather than fun, this can get a bit annoying."
76561197971169528,Recommended,283640,26061334,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,iteron_MkV,"If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Salt and Sanctuary says a lot about the ""Souls"" genre.  I was never really interested in the Dark Souls games, but something about S&S just drew me in.  I have watched other people play the various Souls game on Twitch so I do have a concept of what those games are like.This game is essentially a 2D Dark Souls - page for page - albeit a less challenging one.  That's not to say this game doesn't have a learning curve, especially if you are new to the genre, but once you learn a few things and pick up on the powerful builds it becomes much more forgiving.  There is some platforming, but it's not particularly challenging with the exception of one optional area.  Even then, I managed to get past it in about 10 minutes.Pros ---A great blend of 2D platforming and action.  Worthy of the Metroidvania title.Absolutely gorgeous and unsettling artwork and atmosphere.Long campaign considering the price tag.Extremely addictive gameplay.Replay value.Cons ---Some weird design oversights, especially regarding itemization.Level design has a few questionable areas.Feast or famine when it comes to builds. Steamroll or struggle.Extremely limited soundtrack.A lot of these cons can be explained by manpower.  From what I understand this game was made primarily by 2 people and they should feel extremely proud of what they have accomplished.  Mouse and keyboard are passable, but do yourself a favor and use a gamepad, especially if magic is your thing.Buy this game."
,Recommended,283640,23080344,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mizu,"As a massive dark souls fan I must say I was surprized by how great this game is.It took many things from dark souls and unlike others who tried, this game has done it correctly!If you like a challenge and a dark fantasy setting adventure game - this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,283640,23088223,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Black Puppet,The only thing that would make this better is online coop with friends on Steam.
,Recommended,283640,23051782,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Lady Kalma,"I know it's popular right now to say that a game is ""the Dark Souls of this genre."" Well this is one of those real legit uses. It's a Lord of the Fallen level shameless homage, just transplanted into a 2D platforming Metroidvania world. You have sanctuaries that act as bonfires, resting at them replenishes health, stamina and item usage but respawns enemies. You have salt instead of souls (though the level system is a bit more unique, each level gives you a point to put into a skill tree instead of directly increasing stats). You can hit a button to switch between one-hand or two-handing a weapon, dodge, have equipped weight limits, can parry into a big counterhit, build as a rogue or warrior or wizard or cleric or whatever. Yadda yadda. What's impressive is that they took all of these features and transplanted them into 2D in a way that works. There are things like Covenants to join, but abandoning one will mark you as a sinner, there are upgrade paths for weapons that require finding obscure materials, there are shortcuts to unlock and annoying fast enemies and poison status effects and the ability to leave messages for other players, it's all here. Plus local co-op.You probably already know if you like Souls-like games by now, and if you do, then get this because it's a good one, and oddly cute in its mimicry but no less brutal or compelling with some messed up monster design and serious challenge. A little brother to the real series and just at the right price. About my only complaint is the sketchy art style sometimes looks a little too rough in an un-stylized way, and there's some heavy overuse of tilesets. Remember how every area in a Souls game looks basically unique? Not so here. Quite a lot of identikit caves and castle halls. But then that's really just window dressing after all."
,Recommended,283640,23047236,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"The PC port runs great and smooth as near as I can tell and it's a damn sight more readable on a PC screen than a PS4 TV.Salt and Sanctuary is Dark Souls translated to 2D. Full stop. Almost every single design decision is ripped completely from Dark Souls 1 and 2.There are a few tweaks here and there: boss elemental/damage type weaknesses are emphasized so having a diverse weapon set is handy. Weapon balance is almost as out of whack as Demon Souls. And the lore goes a long way toward writing something that feels more properly fantasy, where the mystery is appopriately fantastical, dense, but has an actual answer, than Souls ever did with its goofy pastiche and dull ""all is lost, all valor is pointless"" world.A lot of you are already clicking the buy button, and that's fine. The game does not disappoint. The graphic design has some issues; the world got attacked by the Gears of War color stealing aliens so everything is murky and tough to read, but the core interconnected world, loads of bits to collect, stuff to upgrade, different weapon styles, enemies, bosses, exploration it's all Souls. I recommend it on that measure heartily.The problem is, we already had this genre in 2D. It was called a metroidvania. The difference here is that the combat borrows more from Souls than anything else in 2D. You seldom really honestly ""dodged"" anything in a Souls game. You used the dodge ability constantly, of course, but nine times out of ten, you were using the iframes imparted by the dodge to get through the attacks. It's the same way here. Where Metroid or Castlevania will ask you to learn positioning and react to boss attacks, most attacks here are simply handled by dodging through. It dumbs down the combat considerably*, even though the author does his best to throw in ""can't dodge must jump"" attack patterns every now and again. But, this is the same guy who gave us the quite good Dishwasher games, which are far tougher and more interesting mechanically than any Souls game combat-wise. So to see a simpler product here is a disappointment.All that aside, don't let me discourage you. Salt and Sanctuary is solid. Everything you loved about Dark Souls is here and it's certainly an enjoyable playthrough. But that we got a PC port of this before Dishwasher Vampire Smile feels like a crime.To add a couple of more compliments and complaints I had no room for elsewhere: the game is absolutely full of secret nooks, paths, and rooms loaded with shortcuts to other zones and junk to find. There are not a lot of weapons, but there are certainly loads of spells, materials, and clothes to locate. Sadly, the inventory system is a mess, a massive pile of unsortable little icons arranged with no rhyme or reason except kinda in the order you picked them up. No hint on shop vendors as to what you have or how much when you go shopping. Fast travel is convenient and checkpoints and shortcuts are common enough to ensure no boss has a tedious boring long walk a la Dark Souls 1.*That's not to say that iframe dodging has no place in a side scroller. Shank, Dishwasher, Streets of Fury all make it work, but those are games whose primary focus is on combat depth and variety. Combos, swiftness, flow, etc. Castlevania and Souls don't focus on that aspect. Different subgenresEDIT: By the way this is a better RPG than Witcher 3."
,Recommended,283640,34020023,Posted: 4 August,all,Bortch,I'm a simple man. I read 2D Dark Souls. I buy. I find out that there is (local only) Co-Op AND its world is laid out like a metroidvania and I flip out!Best game to play with a friend. Just be sure you guys set a few days aside for your first playthrough as it will take a while.
,Recommended,283640,29290768,Posted: 15 January,all,It's kind of a...funny story?,"A typical quest intents to make you a hero but end up finding out your deplorable fate in the surreal world and the endless circles that will haunt you for a while.Salt and Sanctuary is an incredible 2D platformer developed by SKA studio. The game focuses on combat, puzzles and timing platform, but if you pay enough attention to everything around, you will slowly notice the insanely detailed story behind the lifeless world and its lore; It is very huge world put in a small simple 2D game and this makes S&S more valuable than anything i've ever played. For the price tag, this game is a steal even at full price because its the contents could be easily worth around $30 or more so don't hesitate if you want to pick it up, you can't go wrong with this price.Let me explain it, the game was developed by a very small indie studio, only 2 people to be specific and it took them about two and a half years to develop; and the gameplay, well, it's tough, the first playthrough will take you around 25-30 hours. Its difficulty exceeds the standard videogame for sure so my advice, if you find some areas too hard, you will need to go back to the old areas and grind for some levels; trust me, being overleveled is one of the pleasure in this game but that's not all, when you backtracking and farming, you will propably find some secret areas as well as learning enemy's attack patterns and this is the key that help you survive. You will just barely scratch the surface of this game in the first playthrough, there are plenty of build combinations, secret areas, lore and hidden mechanics need to be explored; i still find out new mechanic even after 50 hours lol, for example: i didn't even know that you can counter with a pistol until my 3rd playthrough and it just showed me how crazily deep the combat system was. Now the level design, it's just simply genius, pretty much every area is interconnected, you can easily get lost and this will happen frequently since you don't know where to go and don't have any map or rada or gps like others moderm games; you just have to go with your instinct and when you reach some hardcore platforming sections, a single mistake or failed timing can wideout your entire grinded hour. My recommendation, check outthis guideif you have hard time figuring out where to go next.Now the most beautiful thing that makes S&S my all time favorite is the art style and its lore. Remember the first time i saw S&S, i thought it was a comedy game lol. But after playing it for couple of hours, the atmosphere hit me really hard; it's really dark and depressing, some areas could turn out really creepy. But everything you see propably has its own story,  you have to collect and connect informations in order to image the whole picture and trust me, the details of this picture will blow your mind. Make sure you check outThe Drowned Tomeafter finishing the game, it's a really well-written fan book which collects all pieces of information to explain the lore. Sure there are still mysteries and questions left unanswered. all these things will up to you and your theories.The story, gameplay, art style, atmosphere ect just simply make S&S my all time favorite video game.The only downside of this game is balancing, greatswords and greathammers are way too powerful compare to others weapon and this just make daggers, spears kinda poinless. But there's already amodto rebalance everything. Make sure you keep an eye on it if you're interested.This is definitely my 2016 GOTY!"
,Recommended,283640,28543694,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rymere,"If Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and The Dishwasher had a baby, this would be it.As a huge Dark Souls & Castlevania fan, it ticks all the boxes for me.Challenging enough to keep me playing, and the level design is similar to DS1, where each area can interlink and join seamlessly for a nice exploration experience.Very similar play style to souls games, where it’s up to you to figure out where to go, and what to do, but that adds to all the fun.There are a lot of classes, and it has my favourite chivalrous, heavy armor bearing knight, the Paladin.The art style and animation is really nice too.TL;DR = Buy it if you liked Symphony of the Night and Dark Souls 1."
76561197962209646,Recommended,283640,23074989,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,idiosyncratic,"This game is brilliant. It's the first 2D Souls game that I believe to be an evolution instead of a copy. It runs well, and is highly responsive with controller. The graphics and particularly the animations are well executed, especially after parries. The subsequent reposte is always brutal and elicits the same feeling you get in DS.I see other reviews that mention they are trying to avoid the comparison, but I think this is a love letter to those games. They captured both the aesthetics and the gameplay mechanics, yet it has a unique flavor of its own. The only thing it's missing for me is true multiplayer (internet), but that's a minor complaint."
,Recommended,283640,23042904,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mushu-Wu,Can't wait for the sequel: Pepper and Paradise.
76561198096407888,Recommended,283640,32897904,Posted: 27 June,all,underspirit,"Salt and Sanctuary is an awesome game. It's like Dark souls (or any other games of that type) but in 2D. It have a lot of different weapons and moveset. At first when I wanted to buy this game, I was worried about some things in the negative reviews for exemple ""The platforming is like 90% of your deaths"". But when I started playing it was perfectly fine. Here's the Pros and Cons that I can think of:PROS:-Kind of good soundtrack-Good gameplay-A lot of different ennemies-A lot of bosses and some are very hard-Various areas-Co-op-A great art styleCONS:-Skill Tree is really complicated and hard to understand-Some unfair bosses-The weight you can carry is too hard to up (so you have to spend a lot of points in levelling your endurence and even after 15+ points you still can't equip a full class 2 heavy armor without the rolling penality)-You get easily cornered by huge bosses it's hard to get out.There is also some issues:Some attacks are just too fast and you don't have the time to react and dodge the attacks, for exemple the bite attack of the dragon of the castle of stoms where you have aproximately 0,3 secs to react (even some normal ennemies have too fast attacks).There's the stun lock you can get in, some bosses and ennemies have combos of fast attacks that can stun lock you but you can dodge after some time but they have also strong attacks that down you but at the moment you're back up you get immediately hit by another downing attack and you get stuck in a loop until you die.So there's quite a few cons that are major but you can adapt quite easily even if it won't fix it but even with all those cons I still really enjoy playing this game and looking at it. It's a really good game that is worth the money."
76561198149032709,Recommended,283640,24892461,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,aaronljack,"A spectacular Metroidvania with a Dark Souls feel. The graphics, character models, and environments are varied as well as extremely detailed. Each area is very distinctive and sticks out in your memory; which is good since there isn’t a mini map. Though I thought the lack of this feature would be a huge issue, it ended up driving me to learn the environments and find how each area leads into the next. For a game attempting to emulate the core design elements of Dark Souls, it ends up working well. The combat is fluid, great customization options for your characters, and the sound design is great.+ Great graphics+ Fantastic level design+ Spectacular and informative sound design+ Wonderful customization+ Engaging combat+ Epic bosses+ Challenging but fair difficulty+ Local Co-op+ New Game Plus option+/- Lack of Mini Map (Pro for some, con for others)You may find yourself a little lost on occasion and will need to hunt for story elements, but if you’re a fan of Dark Souls or its sequels this will not be new to you. In short, if you enjoy Dark Souls and like Metroidvania games, buy this title ASAP. You will not be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,283640,31457317,Posted: 30 April,all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"I can see the hard work that went into Salt and Sanctuary, but it’s a game that’s plagued with many issues. I plan to go over every single one. The game does have its good points too when it comes to the combat, the skill tree, and some of the writing. Everything else just failed to impress me, especially when it’s so heavily inspired by Dark Souls yet not able to deliver a similar experience in some key areas that the DS series is known for. The game does do things with the 2D perspective to establish its own identity, but you can feel the DS ooze out of it in the UI, item descriptions, and more.I’ll start with the art style. S&S had only a few vistas and one location that I could call beautiful. Everything else double downs on that dark and smeared look. Torches play an important role with maintaining visibility at the cost of an off-hand and even have a traversal aspect when the Brands (platforming skills) unlock during play. What the torchlight reveals is a somewhat low resolution, muddy, slightly blurry mess. Even the player character and NPCs are ugly. Some of the bosses have a neat look and certain pieces of equipment look okay, but the drawn backgrounds and figures just do not look good overall.The music is a weak aspect of the game. Besides the menu music when you start the game, I only liked one other song. The rest of the soundtrack is forgettable and all the bosses except one have the same theme. That’s one quality of DS that I would have appreciated here. I ended up tuning out the music during the boss fights.Speaking of bosses, the fights themselves vary in quality and balance. You’ll run into a couple easy ones, a good chunk of fair ones, and some truly frustrating encounters that can easily result in a dozen or more deaths depending on your class. I should state here that I went with Strength melee with a dash of Prayer the whole way through. These three bosses that I’m going to name are the worst ones that stand out the most: Mad Alchemist, Tree of Men, and The Witch of the Lake. Mad Alchemist was the only fight of the Big Three that I won purely due to luck. His attack pattern changed during what was either the 12th or 15th attempt and allowed me to win since he did the 6 projectiles shooting out of the ground spam only once. Earlier attempts saw me trying to manage the slimes he would summon, only to die fruitlessly. Tree of Men is a very large boss with a painfully specific weak spot near the top of the arena (platforming required) that’s located over a pit. That boss will knock you into the pit. The Witch of the Lake fight is when the game temporarily decides it’s a bullet hell, a great time.The combat controls for the most part function well with a few problems. The bindings for Light Attack (X) and Parry (LT+X) lead to errors when trying to attack out of a block. Occasionally, you’ll end up accidentally attacking in the opposite direction. Both issues can lead to a free hit for the enemy or a lost opportunity for damage. I noticed the direction one in boss fights mostly. I also never understood dodging/rolling. It felt inconsistent, especially when many enemies, especially the pouncing ones, go for where you’ll be versus where you are which leads to plenty of coming out of roll into a hit or terrible mauling. Heaven help you if you’re trying to escape from multiple pouncing beasts. I was never able to truly have a good grasp of the mechanic and I even remember some rare instances where I could sometimes take damage in the middle of a roll.Combat in general feels fine, but certain sections of the game are much worse than others. The woods are filled with slimes. They’re a pouncing enemy and when more than one is around, they can chain their pounces together. Dodging is the only reliable way to escape since any pouncing enemy will snatch you from the air and eat your face. Also, blocking is ineffective against those types of attacks which makes how they move based on your speed very annoying when they’re on top of you at the end of dodge. The game has too many enemies that love grabbing or pouncing on you. There was even an enemy that I didn’t even know could grab me that managed to grab me and ruin my day. It’s a common enemy tactic that I hated.The other thing that I absolutely despise about this game is that unlike a Souls game where you can pretty much spot all the enemies with cautious camera work, enemies will appear out of thin air or crawl out of the ground at will. Heck, some enemies are even invisible and will greet you with death. Just as annoying as spawning and invisible enemies are the teleporting enemies. Those teleporting typeshave no cooldown with their teleport. Sometimes they’ll just take their hits and die or teleport five times in two seconds and appear right behind you for a quick stab.Additionally, there are too many situations where you die due to platforming woes or being launched by an enemy to your doom. The platforming isn’t very refined which makes those very tricky areas depressing, especially that one place with the horses (that “grab” you to death). Enemies can still bat you away even with your shield up during a jump. I also noticed the wall stick for wall jumps working against me sometimes when descending.Here are some final remarks. I don’t think the game explained enough when it came to some pretty important mechanics. I had to use a guide to learn about fatigue/wound mechanics and that you could air dash twice. The lack of a map for a metroidvania-esque level design meant using a guide to cut down on time wasted being lost which happened more often later in the game.What finally made me stop playing was dying to a Bloated Monstrosity in NG+. I was happily smashing the early bosses and only needed a couple tries for Mad Alchemist due to my great shield and camping a platform (those slimes are #1 at being the worst). Afterwards, I fell to my death due to the BM’s massive hammer. I went back to collect without a worry, but the BM sprayed poison on one side. I rolled to the other side of him, but then he turns around with more poison and fills the meter. The poison status killed me in three seconds from full health. My high resist gave me no time to chug an antidote mid-combat.After that, I decided to skip the rest of the experience. The loss of souls didn’t bother me as much as the realization that I didn’t want to be miserable since the future was pain. For other people, there’s still an incentive continue playing since you can upgrade all your gear and climb even further in the skill tree. The salt payouts are increased for all monsters and the boss rewards are much more significant. Unfortunately, the items appear to be all the same and the salt items give the same amounts.I did think some of the item descriptions were good, especially with the lore and bosses. Some didn’t have any significant writing to them. The story bits and the ending I received were satisfying.I think there’s a good game in there buried underneath all my grievances. I’ll leave it up to you to decide if this game is a good fit for you. You can’t come in expecting the level of polish and production that a Dark Souls game has. The difference in team sizes is as big as some of the bosses in both series. You’ll have to accept the flaws and possess incredible patience to climb over any humps and obstacles that don’t always come from good game design. I had higher hopes for this title and wanted it to be better. I cannot recommend this game myself and I suggest reading in-depth positive reviews to balance this one out and have a comprehensive view."
,Recommended,283640,28048728,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),"This game has an amazing atmosphere, great combat, good unique systems, a beautifully designed world.It's just a great, grim and hard metroidvania rpg. Many people compare it to Dark Souls, which could mean this game destroys itself in comparison to this masterpiece. Only it does it very well. So if you like Dark Souls, and want something unique but with the same dark setting and difficulty. Buy this game.The only complaint is that this game doesn't have map. Since it's 2d, it's easy to get lost.8/10"
,Recommended,283640,31799071,Posted: 16 May,all,Zicatipus,"Do you like 2d platformer games? Do you like Dark Souls? Are you comfortable openly admitting that all you strive for with video gaming is raising your levels of salt?Buy this game, it's good. The couch co-op is awesome and fun, but most of my playtime is singleplayer, and I enjoy it quite a lot. I plan on playing through this again with new friends I meet, or even just on my own at another point in time, and if there was ever a game I wish had DLC or a second in the series, this would be one of my top choices."
76561198022820217,Recommended,283640,29411374,Posted: 21 January,all,Panzystomper,"Straight up, its a AAA game for $18. This is a steal."
,Recommended,283640,29027460,Posted: 4 January,all,Chuck,"At the time I'm writing this, I have 33 hours in the game - just beat it twice and got all the achievementsIf you are a souls fan, buy this gameIf you like a challenge, buy this gameIf you consider yourself a video game appreciator, buy this gameIndie Dark Souls 2D couldn't be more accurate of a description - Salt & Sanctuary is a flawed Masterpiece that stands right up there with some of the best games ever made, and is without a doubt worthy of the title ""Souls-Like""And +A Million brownie points for offering the soundtrack for free on bandcamp, I was so sad to see this game's soundtrack wasn't on steam until I googled thatI don't know how they managed it, but they made Dark Souls even more saltyBuy this game"
76561198042248257,Recommended,283640,28676915,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DoctorDelusion,"If you've played Dark Souls and liked it you'll like Salt and Sanctuary. Essentially, a 2D Dark Souls with its own unique twists. A great addition to ""Souls-like"" and worth every penny and second played."
,Recommended,283640,23126113,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kelso,"I went into this with mixed expectations. I had heard that it was essentially Dark Souls but in 2D. Sounds good on paper, but would it actually pay off?To my great surprise I found a gem that not only delivered on the great tactical combat, strangely interconnected level design and fascinating yet obscure lore; but it also showed hints of exceptional Metroidvania characteristics.Saying too much would spoil the surprise, so I'll keep this short. As a fan of both the Souls series as well as the Metroidvania genre I enjoyed every single minute of this wild ride. Give it a shot!"
76561197964668370,Recommended,283640,23091202,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,..inv,"Visuals, audio, soundtrack - Solid.Very pleasing to the eyes and ears, Good diversity between locations, you will see quite a variety of landscape and the enemies that reside within.It is a challenging game, in the way of button mashing = fail.Game requires recognising enemy patterns, learning your openings, learning when to dodge and when to block is fairly key to success.Extensive customization through class selection, skill selection, armor, weapons, spells, consumables.There are quite a few buffs, debuffs, strengths and weaknesses, stats to adjust for the different damage types you'll encounter.The game is deep.. Don't let the 2d aspect fool you. Campaign is around 20 hours for sure, first play through.Has New Game +'sIf you like Dark Souls, I'm sure you already know about this. Don't hesitate, it is 100% worth it at full price!Only issue I have with this game:The item belt (consumables) is shared with spells / prayers.. So, playing a caster class can become a little messy with how many items you have to scroll through - your health potions, stamina potions, antidotes, etc - share the same linear cycle bar as spells and prayers. Meaning in some areas, where you need 4 consumables on, plus 4 or 5 spells... That is way too much to cycle through when things get frantic..D-pad Left, D-pad Right.There is no seperation for consumables vs spells, like in dark souls.It can be dealt with fairly easily through inventory management, like how you can consume an antidote from inventory, without it being on your belt.Just go into areas with the bare needs equipped, once you learn what is needed in that area."
,Recommended,283640,26194401,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,camux,"I'm writing up a preliminary review post-haste because a few friends were wondering how I felt about this game.Please keep in mind the following facts about me:1.  I'm 37 years old and I am a huge Terraria, JRPG and Skyrim fan.  I also regularly replay Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow.2.  I am not particularly fond of extremely hard 2D games.3.  I simply cannot play a Dark Souls game, even though people slam the title in my face constantly.  I just don't enjoy the mechanics.  Dark Souls feels too much like the Witcher to me.  I *love* games that start you out helpless and weak.  I equally love reaching a point in those difficult games that I finally work hard enough to master the mechanics and become a badass.All this being said:Salt and Sanctuary is already my GOTY 2016.  It is a breathtaking game.  I haven't even scratched the surface but I've tried out all the different classes, I've gotten a couple nifty items, I struggled HARD on the first boss but then got through the next two somewhat easier.The aesthetics and ambience are stunning and to me, there is no comparison.  Many games try to force in an ""artisan"" feel but rarely am I taken back by how lovely it actually looks and *FEELS* in action.  This is only magnified by how amazing Salt and Sanctuary looks and plays at 1440p.Time permitting, this game is at the top of my list far above anything else.I don't call these games ""souls"" games or any monickers like that.  To me, it is a love letter to the Castlevania games on the GBA and NDS.  SO many games attempt to grab those tags.  This one here, it is everything I've been searching for to replace those Castlevania games I wish they still made.My score:  10/10.  I only own 3 other games out of nearly 430 that I would come close to rating that high.  To me, this game is a must-own.(Please add cloud saves though, so I don't have to keep copying my saves back and forth between my laptop and PC!)"
,Recommended,283640,23404871,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ludva,"Probably the best game I played for very, very, very long time. Since my first experience with original Dark Souls (back in days, where everyone though ""It's unplayable with keyboard"" and I beat it in three days), I never experienced such a joy in one game. Beautifully crafted, with massive world, ton of items and very entertaining gameplay. Basically, you get Dark Souls in 2D world, with almost exact same game mechanics, such as stamina-based combat, brutal difficulity and great scenarios. Also, platforming side of game is very nicely made, almost on level of old PSX Castelvania. Definitely recomended to everyone."
,Recommended,283640,24265985,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"Salt & Sanctuary is an extremely well made game by a very talented studio. It's not perfect but it's a fantastic title overall. Just BE WARNED that it is far more Dark Souls than it is Castlevania. Pretty much every Souls trademark game mechanic has made it over to S&S including its brutal difficulty. Still if you have the patience and the skill and love 2D action/exploration games this is a must play.PROS:- gorgeous artwork and effects- wide variety of character builds- solid gameplay with some real weight behind the combat- offline co-op!CONS:- no map. 2D space doesn't offer landmarks to navigate like 3D does, there's a reason Metroidvanias have them- occasional garbage boss, area, or enemy that can frustrate- extremely DARK game. hope you have a setup with next to no screen glare!Also PRO TIP this game is very hard to tank so don't think going sword & board is going to be an easy first playthrough. Magic starts weak but ends up OP as heck."
76561198039698928,Recommended,283640,23361191,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Pelerin,This game gives me conniptions.
76561198025261881,Recommended,283640,32673482,Posted: 23 June,all,Battlebrother Pride,Metroidvania Dark Souls? Count me the ♥♥♥♥ in!
76561198071806267,Recommended,283640,23101402,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DennyM,Pure salt. No sanctuary.
,Recommended,283640,31183204,Posted: 16 April,all,Chronophasia,"This game is just plain amazing!  It's Castlevania style gameplay in a Dark Souls environment, and it ABSOLUTELY works!I had originally played this on PS4, and then bought it when it launched on PC.  It was very worth it!  This is one of the games that I would be so excited if they made a sequel.  It's easily in my favorites of *all time*."
,Recommended,283640,28687619,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,› Cream Gravy,"This game, best 12 dollars of my life. You WILL die, You WILL fail, but don't be discouraged! 1 thing i absolutely love about this game is that you can really feel yourself getting better. At first even basic enemies destroy you but as you progress and become familiar with it you can feel your skill level rising, and it isn't just the gear you get or the skills you upgrade, it's you who's getting better. The game is brutal and punishing but oh so rewarding. The feeling you get after taking down a boss you've been stuck on is so satisfying. The game runs and looks amazing as well, the atmosphere is truly top notch. The levels are also huge and have tons of items and paths to take and the world connects so nicely its amazing. Huge customization options and tons of different ways to play. No joke a 10/10 game, anyone whos considering buying this please do."
,Recommended,283640,30744389,Posted: 25 March,all,The Harbinger of Winter,"I put off buying this game for a long time. To me, it just looked like a longer version of a flash game and a rip-off of Dark Souls.Was I ever wrong.This is perhaps one of my favourite games of all time. I'm not kidding. It's comparitively short to the Souls series it pays so much homage to, but it is similarily gripping, and the price is extremely reasonable, sale or no sale. I have to thank Jerma985 and HolyMackerelTheThird for getting me into this game. I saw bits and pieces of Jerma's gameplay and that's what convinced me to give it a chance. Beautiful story, smooth gameplay (despite 2 or 3 bugs), and a feeling of real accomplishment and surreal disturb/awe.Graphics: 9.5/10 (While the indie art style isn't really new, the character, boss, and environment design is inspiring)Story: 10/10 (From side arcs to the overarching mystery, just amazing. Much less open to interpretation and variation than a Souls game, but being able to understand everything while still being kept in the dark is very helpful and compelling)Gameplay: 10/10 (Smooth and perfectly difficult, with a well-designed learning curve)Score: 10/10 (Perfectly aligns which each moment and never feels old. The final few locales are especially chilling)Mechanics: 8.5/10 (Fluid controls on keyboard or controller. Only complaint is the difficulty/inavailability of magic compared to melee that was common in the early Souls games as well. Skill curve on rolling and attacking and memorization and intuition is all an amazing blend. The glitches, most commonly found in speedrun attempts, imo, should be patched, they break the illusion this game has. You will probably only encounter one to two glitches your entire first run though, much less than any AAA title.The only one I ran into on accident was area skipping by being thrown down a shaft in the ziggurat and surviving a drop to the ruins)Overall: 9.5/10 (The same score as Dark Souls 3... if they release a hotfix to correct the bugs it would achieve the coveted 10/10 that I have not yet bestowed upon any game...)"
76561198037698443,Recommended,283640,30934266,Posted: 3 April,all,Game&Watch,"I feel like all the negative things I read about this game reflect some of my favorite aspects of it.  It can be quite difficult and frustrating, especially the leveling/currency system - you lose all your xp since last time you leveled (you can only lvl if you make it to a sanctuary) and 10% of your money when you die - but this challenge just makes the game that much more fun and rewarding (I'm sure there's a quote about how death makes life worth living or something out there somewhere).  I've rarely experienced such a sense of joy and relief as I do after trudging through a dark dungeon full of difficult foes, bloodied and fatigued, sure that my next encounter will cost me my life, my salt, and my gold, and then.. through the next door.. could it be? Yes! Sanctuary!Yea, the character/class system is sort of simple.. but not THAT simple.. I've definitely played much simpler.  I love building characters and enjoy a lot of options when doing so, and this game still satisfied that desire.  There is still a considerable web of passive skill nodes to choose from, the web is just pretty straightforward in this game and not at all overwhelming. I don't mind overwhelming personally, I like my skill trees as complex as possible, but sometimes its nice to not have to think for 30 minutes every time you level up.  I still had a lot of fun making my character while playing through this game, and I'm already excited about building a different class on my next play through.The music is awesome.The atsmophere is great.  I've never felt so immersed in a 2D environment before (except when I was playing Hotline Miami maybe). Some people have complained about the lack of map and complicated level design - it's called exploration people. This game actually gives you a sense of it for once it instead of spoon-feeding you every step of the way. The world (island) is surprisingly large and intricate, especially considering it's all 2D. There's all sorts of interesting places to explore, and you have to keep running all over the place the entire time, checking for new paths you might have missed or been unable to traverse previously, instead of just going straight ahead the entire time.Yea, I don't know what else to say.. this is one of the better RPGs I've played in recent memory (and I play a lot of RPGs). For what it is I would give it a 10/10.  I have no complaints (which is rare, trust me)!"
76561198138277951,Recommended,283640,34716245,Posted: 3 September,all,Beware! I meow!,"This is, with no doubt, one of the most fantastically fleshed out and amazing souls-like games i have ever played. It encapsulates the entire theme and vigor of Dark souls, kitted out with a sadistically brutal combat system and bosses to rival that of Dark Souls 3. There was only two sections in the game that i legitimately hated. (Stupid fungal cave and Witch Lake) An absolute must if your into Souls titles and are looking for something more.Pros> Amazing art style> Rewarding combat system> Entrancing lore> Epic boss battles> Very well polished, hardly any major bugs.Cons.> Two bosses that are quite unfair.> Lots of Platforming, but that isnt nescessarily a bad thing."
76561198261829441,Recommended,283640,32856688,Posted: 27 June,all,Villentretenmerth,We need a DLC to this epic adventure and online coop and PvP as well! Ska studios please!!Its a great adventure that you can enjoy at least 2-3 times with different build types (many more times if you have a coop buddy). My only small complaint is that it gets easier as the game progresses (except the final boss which is hard). This shouldn't be. It should get harder...
,Recommended,283640,25927995,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,David Sid,"+ Complex but intuitive combat system, with numerous different weapons, spells, and items; exceptionally well-balanced for the number of options available.+ Looks and sounds beautiful, yet has low system requirements.+ Fully interconnected world with absolutely no loading screens (even when warping to distant areas).+ Encounters are challenging, but fair and learnable...- ...with a handful of really frustrating exceptions (i.e. theTree of Men,Witch of the Lake, andPitchwoods platforming hell).- As of patch 1.0.0.6, crossbows still don't aim properly with mouse controls.- No online multiplayer."
76561198271603886,Recommended,283640,32100407,Posted: 31 May,all,zombudie137,imagine dark souls mixed with dishwasher and castlevania.so yha. its pretty good.
,Recommended,283640,31761007,Posted: 14 May,all,scape,"This game is absolutely amazing. Souls-like gameplay and Ska Studios artstyle makes for the perfect combination. Tons of content, replayability, and fun to be had in this game. Certain areas of this game can be annoying to get through and the game is very difficult, but thats what makes this game so immersive and fun. I recommend anyone buy this game, I have not played a game on my pc in almost a year, and this renewed my interest. Seriously, buy this game."
,Recommended,283640,23093671,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sevrl bats,"an energetic sidescroller beat-em-up which not so much riffs on Dark Souls as rips out its teeth and installs its own glinting replacements in its jaws. they're good replacements. shiny and chrome. in spite of the radically different inputs, I'd say the biggest difference from Dark Souls is just that enemies tend to have small movesets, and those tend to be more intuitive, which I really liked; after enough hours of wildly thrashing skeletons in Souls games, you start to wish enemies were a little easier to learn, a little more predictable. S+S takes great care in that, with enemy telegraphs feeling more like what you'd see in a Castlevania. it tightens things up for a less fridgeperson-speed game.apart from that, it's 2D Dark Souls, right down to the interface. if you don't like Dark Souls, maybe you'll like it in 2D more. if you do like Dark Souls, you'll enjoy rediscovering it in 2D, and maybe being slightly baffled at -just how far- they go to make their game feel just like it."
,Recommended,283640,33382388,Posted: 8 July,all,VonKarma,"Intenta ser un Dark Souls en 2D y la verdad que lo consigue. Lo único que le falta es online, aunque a diferencia del DS tiene coop local.Hay muchas builds diferentes adaptables al estilo de juego de uno, un diseño de niveles bárbaro donde todo está interconectado, bosses difíciles e interesantes y un buen diseño artístico todo creado por una pareja y una persona aparte que se encargó de la música.Más que recomendado."
,Recommended,283640,27663775,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sarkanthonier,"This game mixes what Dark souls has from ambient(including enemies, weapons, objects, armours...) with a metroidvania gameplay style. If you liked dark souls you ll surely like this game. The maps are splendid and intertwined intelligently.About the bad things, the game is short for my liking (around 20 hours for the first playthrough), the coop and PVP is offline, not online, and the design is made to kill you in every corner... if thats considered bad ;)if you have any doubt you can always ask me directly :)"
,Recommended,283640,23088506,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Eterno,2D Dark Souls platformer.A Fine Investment.
76561197991730078,Not Recommended,283640,23140415,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rebuff,"I tried, o how i tried to love this game. 500 + hours of Dark Souls 1/2/3 games, loved every minute of getting wrecked in them. This game however, tries so hard to be Dark Souls, that it forgets what makes the Souls games awesome, a FAIR challenge.In this game, rolling is busted and hardly works, there's no stat to increase HP, the controls are clunky and fail to give the player the required fast and crisp input to complete the gimmicky bosses and over-used platforming sections. Not to mention that most of the deaths in this game come from either missing a jump, and dying, or getting hit off a ledge and dying that way. Thats not fun at all, there are hardly any fun 1v1 enemy encounters, it's constantly throwing multiple enemies at you that stunlock you, or send you flying, becuase if anything touches you, you GO ♥♥♥♥ING FLYING OFF THE SCREEN. Most enemies can 2 shot you, if there's 2 enemies on the screen, be sure as hell they will combo you around the screen like a ♥♥♥♥ing Super Smash game.The main problem with this game is that there are too many arbitrary and artifical ways they make the game harder. ""Here, fight this boss on a series of crumbling ledges that also periodically shoot fire at you"" this is the definition of a gimmicky boss, sure it takes some skill, but the amount of trial and error required to get passed some of these poorly designed encounters, leaves the player feeling frustrated even after a win. Everytime i beat a boss in a DS game for the 1st time, i was so happy at what i had just accomplished, knowing i just completed a difficult, but fair fight (barring some cheesy♥♥♥♥♥bosses in DS2 of course). Another issue is that the game also reduces your total amount of HP everytime you are hit, another artifical way to increase the difficulty, even with the ring which helps reduce the amount of HP lost from taking those hits, its still completely unnecesary. It just feels like the devs made the game to make players feel bad, ""hope you like fighting on ledges that 1 misstep and your dead while 5 enemies are constantly chasing you and archers are launching arrows at your face! isnt it great how hard our game is!?"" Its like the game just laughs at you and doesn't respect the player like a Souls game, which always builds up the players skills, making every new area a fun new challenge that's teaching you the ropes at the same time as kicking your♥♥♥♥♥In the end, i think if there was far less crushingly difficult platforming and less ledges/cliffs/holes in the ground, i would have maybe stuck it out (The controls certainly don't help). But im sick of trying my best in a given section, only to have a trash mob enemy hit me once, and throw me flying off a ledge to my death. The Souls-like mechanics are well done in some places, the way Salt(Souls) work, fat rolling, weapon/armour variation and  the tech tree is OK for what it is, the atmosphere is nice as well, but the game severly lacks the balance from a Souls game. That is to say, the balance of difficulty vs frustration, which is what keeps the player playing, that feeling of ""Man, i got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked, but i totally made some mistakes, and i can do better"", not ""Hey this boss will 2 shot me no matter what happens unless I play perfectly for the next 5 mins"" and ""Why am i fighting 5 enemies on a bunch of narrow platforms, this is cheap and makes me feel bad!"".Im a patient man, having just finished casually speedrunning DS3, beating Doom on Nightmare (which was hard as ♥♥♥♥, but so fun!), but this game will test the patience of any gamer i can think of. Be wary of this game, as it will crush your soul so hard, youll boot up a Kane and Lynch game while cutting yourself for reprieve.-Rebuff"
76561198087647750,Recommended,283640,32033313,Posted: 28 May,all,lindbergkaige,A surprisingly well realized and well done 2D Souls clone.
,Recommended,283640,33289959,Posted: 5 July,all,ΣZΣ | Schicksal,Take the Hunter class. Take a Whip and a pistole. Join the Order of the Betrayer in order to gain blood vials as health potions. Full bloodborne experience ensured.
,Recommended,283640,34402279,Posted: 21 August,all,GrimmTheSoulReaper,Amazing game. Great graphics for a 2D platform game. It's basically a 2D Dark Souls. 11/10 will always play again
76561198072792698,Recommended,283640,25940601,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vacuum Butt Cannon,"If Dark Souls were a PlatformerFirst of all I'm a Dark Souls Fan so my review will tend to compare the two.GameplayFirst of all there are different starting classes and you get told the absolute minimum.You can remap all buttons.Light Attacks, Heavy Attacks are forming different attack-patterns depending on your input and weapon.Dodge-Rolls differ in speed and length depending on your Equip-Load.You can jump and also attack while in mid-air.Parries are a thing.Static Healing-Potions that refill at every ""Bonfire"" or Sanctuary in this case.Enemy's respawn on death and Sanctuary activation.Raising your Level only possible in Sanctuary'sHeighten your Level grants Orbs which can be used for Status-Upgrades.Instead of Souls, Salt is rewarded upon enemy defeat which serves the same purpose. (Maybe Salt is more appropiate sometimes.)On death Salt either gets acquired by the enemy your were slain by or manifests in an enemy if you died of a different cause. Defeat this enemy to regain your salt.If killed by a boss, you have to reduce the bosses health to a certain amount to regain your SaltCan't kill friendly NPC'sGraphicsSmooth 60FpsClean AnimationsBloodsplatter-Effect is nicely doneAtmosphericSymplistic drawn-like artstyle but not unpleasant to look at.Dark Parts actually darkNo graphical adjustments apart from resolution and full-screenAudioMost of the time there's only SFX and no background musicWhen the music kicks in it's appropiate and fits the sceneBoss themes are adding to the fightNice Soundeffects, especially while whacking the enemy. Satisfying.Negative Points or Differences to Dark SoulsNo real possibility to feel out the enemy's power level ( aside from some with obvious giantism-build )Either you get smacked and may survive or you just ""DMC"" your enemy away.No online play ( aside from seeing other people die, like bloodstains in DS )♥♥♥♥ing Slimes are the new DogsAll in all, if Dark Souls were a platformer it would be very close to this game.It's fun to play and you have the same kind of motivation as in Dark Souls to keep goingwhilst banging your head against the wall."
,Recommended,283640,26291569,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Makaveli,"Great game. Lots of fun, specially if you love that Souls-like style.The animation style is classic and timeless, dark and gory, if you know about the game Dishwasher, you know what I'm talking about.I would like to point out the local co-op, it was awesome playing with my little brother."
76561198098975488,Recommended,283640,25282824,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Water_Samurai,"I'm a bit new to the whole Dark Souls type games, and only got around to them after finishing Bloodborne in its vanilla stages, and I fell in love with that game. After doing so, I just had to pick up all of the Souls games, and seek out any other games that might give me that same rush I experienced downing a tough and grueling boss, where you had to become quite intimate with its phases, abilities, and move sets all while learning your own. Where as in other games, most bosses are simply just a regular enemy with a lot more HP.In a Dark Souls or Bloodborne experience, the normal enemies are tough, and there are mobs and other types who might do just as well as they would a sub boss, or stand in. That is to say, the games aren't unfair...they are, you just have to learn the mechanics, and will be punished from the get go. Except here, it teaches you...drives you.This is why I was happy to try this title out, and while it doesn't feel as ""tough"" as its 3D progenitors, as I'm admittedly only about five hours in at the time of writing this, I still find it as a good fill in for those games when I want to change things up, but still want to retain that magical feeling of accomplishment, and falling in love with every boss and becoming more personal with them than I would with other bosses in other games.This hearkens back to my childhood love and challenge I found in the NES title of Castlevania, which a lot of games like these and God of War owe a great debt to, and even echo quite a bit in some ways. It really makes me feel nostalgic at the same time, because I really loved seeing my favorite horror icons turned into these challenging boss fights, before I even knew what a ""boss"" was in my little mind. The original Castlevania, like these newer, modern games make every boss unique, and in need of adjusted strategies or approach. Where as many games these days add bosses simply to increase the amount of hours you are required to play, and while this is great in concept, most become clones of a previous boss, or a simple change up. While these games aren't free from falling in that trap of repeating, you can tell, love and care was given in these games, which make up for it. You can pick up on the lore and history from their drops, their attire, and even move sets and mechanics can hint at something a little deeper if you look a little closer.If you've played Bloodborne, or Dark Souls, or Demon's Souls, and you happen to love them and need a fix, definitely do yourself a favor and pick this one up!The only negativity I've found is a few slight frame rate issues, which more than likely occurred due to a program I had not closed out of in need of updating, as well as the more ""cutesy"" and ""chibi"" style of the friendly characters and npcs that seem to contradict or at least give a stark contrast to the overall dark atmosphere, because make no mistake, while it looks like it could fall in the category of something a little more child friendly, there is plenty human gore imbued.Which honestly, isn't really a problem for me. I wouldn't really call this a review so much as an impression, but maybe you're someone who happened to read through this, and in need of convincing to pick this game up. Well, if you like what you've read, and seen, and or have played games like this before, stop reading and pick this one up!Do it. Now!"
76561198052491613,Recommended,283640,34926261,Posted: 13 September,all,Hilleon,"Salt and Sanctuary - a 2D, MetroidVania, Soul-inspired RPG - developed by Ska Studios... and with some outside help.1. Review2. PC Port3. Potential sequel4. In conlcusion1. Review.Story, Graphics and Gameplay.You areshipwrecked on an Unknown Island of madness, hopelessness and danger. Theisland in S&S itself reminds me of Lost (2004 - 2010 TV-series).Just like Dark Souls, the story of the game isn't really all that important. And also just like Dark Souls, the story and lore is visible in the items and character dialogue.The Graphics are hand-drawn, 2D animation with creepyness to itGameplay is like CastleVania: Symphony of the night/Super Metroid... but more of an RPG focus.Combined together, salt and Sanctuary's combos is a match made in heaven. This game is great.2. PC Port.Salt and Sanctuary's transition - from the PS4 to the PC - is handle very well, so much more better than Dark Souls 1's PC port.-Very stable Frame-rate... with adjustable resolution-Keyboard and Mouse support... with mappable keys-xbox controller support...alongside with PS4It makes me happy to see developers, such as Ska Studios, making very good PC ports.3. Potential Sequel.A handful of People have been asking and wondering if there will be a sequel... or something like that.Yeah... sure. A sequel would be nice... but... Salt And Sanctuary is a great game. What more do you need to improve upon?-More brands?-medium-type armor?-secret Arts from Monster Hunter?-Switching the scenario from anIslandto Space?-switch from 2D to 3D?-VR?-motion controlls?-Switching your engine to the Crytek Engine?-over 9001 monster-types, weapon-types and classes?-Quick Time Events?Jokes aside(haha). I can't think of anything else to improve other than small details: more classes, more bosses and more artistic details and such.Let's take Lords of the Fallen, as an example, that game screams out ''potential sequel''.When you play Lords of the Fallen, you can tell that that game is a warm-up for an upcoming and far superior sequel.But Salt and Sanctuary... is a Natural-born masterpiece.4. In Conclusion.Salt and Sanctuary is a game I can strongly recommend to other people.If a sequel is in development, then I can't wait to play it.Keep up the good work Ska Studios."
76561198170841957,Recommended,283640,28897682,Posted: 1 January,all,The Crab Bucket,"This is probably my favourite 2D side scroller game ever. The world is incredibly dense with content and interconnected areas and the weapon and armor choice is just as rich. If you enjoy Dark Souls, get it. If you don't enjoy Dark Souls, get it."
76561198145764128,Recommended,283640,26139037,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FeelsGoodMan,"I felt that same level of happiness from beating bosses in this game as the souls games, so as a 2D SoulsLike it certainly succeeds -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LnwwU0uPXw"
,Recommended,283640,24385546,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ω General Har Ω,"Christ I love this game. From the moment I got it I was hooked. This game took over my life for a couple of weeks, and I honestly don't mind. The easiest way review this game without constantly gushing about it is with a pros and cons list so lets get started. (Keep in mind this is coming from someone with no Dark Souls experience so there's not gonna be any references to that)PROS:- The combat is very refined. You can tell a lot of love went into making it.- Animation is really smooth.- The boss fights are super fun and can get really intense.- There's a lot to chose from when it comes to weapons, armour, and magic.- A lot of the enemy design is really cool.- Offline Co-Op, because who doesn't love that.- Really high replay valueCONS:- Keyboard controls are god awful- Occasional cheap bosses that will frustrate the hell out of you- The music is just kind of... there. Nothing really memorable of even that good. Mediocre at best.NEUTRAL:- The art style tends to be hit or miss with most people. Some like me find it charming, while others find it to be eh.- This game is incredibly hard. If that doesn't appeal to you then you might as well move along now.- If you like a strong story in a game aswell as good gameplay then this might not be for you. The story feels like it's just there to be thereOverall this is a beautifully crafted game with hours upon hours of fun. The pros HEAVILY outweigh the cons. Pick up this game whenever you can. Salt and Sanctuaty gets a 9/10(P.S. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER)"
,Recommended,283640,23126794,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Liquid,"It is hard to play this and not think of dark souls, but it plays differntly and is more simple in alot of way....can still be just as challenging if not more so....but def worth the price and high replay value with the Skill tree and builds you can make."
,Recommended,283640,25633327,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cmac,"This game is incredible.The co-op is amazing. (but beware it is only local co-op)Customisation, skill tree and gear is great.I love the graphics and detail in every area.My brother and I just finished our first playthrough after 27 hours and the ending was epic (we did mess around with multiple characters and also explored everywhere)We are hitting NG+ now and still enjoying it.It really is worth the full price and more"
76561198095476971,Recommended,283640,25833965,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Herp Derpingson,"Salt and Sanctuary is a very fun and challenging game. Solid game mechanics and the boss fights are very rewarding. Salt is in its name, so expect to get frustrated. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198012902259,Not Recommended,283640,31532400,Posted: 3 May,all,Mr Fibbles,"2D Dark souls like RPG, I've heard of worse ideas :) I wanted to like this game, but so far, I'm disappointed.There are things I like. All the weapons I've tried feel distinct, like they have their own purpose and aren't just a set of numbers. The bosses are where I think think the game shines the most in my opinion. They're well designed, for the most part, often requiring you to think of your position, when to dodge, when to heal, when to strike and with what weapon. It captures the spirit of Dark Souls combat with 1 less D to work with, which is impressive. There's also some clever use of movement abilities in some of the platforming sections.But there are problems, many problems. Some items names are almost copied from Dark Souls exactly, not itself a problem, but they've been made completely useless. Throwing knives, don't go more than a few feet. Fire bombs do no damage, sometimes literally. And if you're going to copy dark souls, maybe Don't copy the horrendous hitboxes, your attacks will pass right through enemies sometimes and some enemy attacks can hit you even if they miss completely. Enemies can sometimes hit you after they're dead if the animation triggered. Enemies sometimes skip their telegraph or wind up animation before a strong attack, which will always catch you off guard and is completely unfair. It's impossible to tell how close an enemy is to dying so it's difficult to weigh up whether it's worth risking another hit. Be prepared for your character to occasionally fall right through thin platforms for no reason. The ledge grabbing mechanic simply does not work 80% of the time which can make simple traversal really frustrating. Some enemies (the Armour mite for example) can knock you to the ground with their first hit and stun lock you before you stand up over and over until you die. But even small enemies can stun lock you to death. One alien like enemy has an infinite combo so blocking is pointless since, you have limited stamina (enemies do not) so they can attack over and over and over until your stamina is completely depleteld. You also have a cooldown after attacks, but enemies do not. I regularly see enemies starting an attack as soon as their first attack ends, which for enemies who teleport means sometimes you cannot catch them.Also, the menu UI is a bit of a mess, it's difficult to tell what you're looking at sometimes.If you're a player coming from dark souls. Your muscle memory will screw you over a few times as the controls are similar, but not identical.And I've encountered a complete game breaking bug, one of my brands (The Hardlight brand) simply does not work. I can't interact with the platforms and so can not progress any further. (An uninstall/reinstall seems to have fixed the issue)Sadly, I can't recommend what I've seen so far. The more I play, the less I like it :( Still I wish I could give it a ""Might Recommend"" If you were willing to put up with the frustration, I can see the fun. But to me, it feels like the game wasn't tested enough. This game is not difficult, it's punishing"
,Recommended,283640,23043500,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Soldier 69,"This is a first impression...So far I can easily say I am enjoying the game, not just because it resembles a souls game on a spiritual level, but because of the great level design and interesting gameplay mechanics. I have managed to topple my first boss without dying thanks to my time well vested into the souls series, and I am moving onwards to explore.From a technical standpoint the game is constantly at 60FPS on a 970 which is no surprise, no crashes or hiccups so far.I'll keep this up and write a proper review once I beat the game."
,Recommended,283640,23045927,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Khion,"This game is truly a masterpiece.Salt and Sanctuary is a game, that mixes Dark Souls combat mechanics and atmosphere with 2D Metroidvania Games. And it does that very well.Sadly the game is a bit short, and i personally hope for some kind of DLC."
,Recommended,283640,28826982,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kono,"This game is incredible. The level design is simply amazing, it blends platforming and combat into a beautiful challenge that other games have yet to achieve.Pros:Incredible spritesGreat level design regarding platform and enemy placementVariation in level design giving all areas their own aestheticDifferent play styles (sword'n'board, sorcery, heavy weapons, etc.)Combat is perfectly fleshed out from plunging to parry reposte, everything the heart desires is in the gameCons:No cloud save, so if you want to play on two machines you gotta take your save file with youMinor exploits that can make parts of the game easier (dupe and long jump are the only ones known to me)This game is 10/10 and now the scale on which all other indie games of the same genre a measured on.Ps. I love the Souls series, played everything except Demon Souls. I think this game exceeds Dark Souls 3 and comes close to Bloodborne levels of genius."
,Recommended,283640,29411546,Posted: 21 January,all,Jackeral,"Salt and SanctuaryBoy oh boy where to begin.Let me start by saying that this game is absolutely amazing and the perfect spritual decendent of Dark/Demon Souls. You will find yourself completely absorbed into the in-game world and grow to love, hate and fear the characters you meet over the course of the story.This game also allows so much diversity for any playstyle you can think of. Want to be a walking tank that use heavy weapons, go for it. Want to be a mage with little armor, but punishes enemies from a distance, feel free. Want to be a gun and dagger weilding assassain, you can be. The options are literally endless.The only problem that exist, if it can even be classified as one, is that if you are underleveled or unprepared for an encounter, the game will have no mercy on you. You will spend all your time trying to beat that one troublesome boss and you will hate the game for a bit. But some will argue that that only makes the game better, and they honestly have a strong point."
76561197970907426,Recommended,283640,29571370,Posted: 29 January,all,Skro,"Bought this game at the very end of Winter Sales cause I was intrigued, the reviews were quite high and the price was in my budget zone... so I went ahead even tho I wasn't really sure of my purchaseI seriously didn't expect what happened next...The game is simply put phenomenal.- Artstyle is perfeclty on point: gory and visceral during fights, sense of despair and suffering and decadence as you proceed traversing forgotten ruins, abandoned villages, foul marshes and pitch dark caves: fantastic!- Music and sound fx are good, even tho, for the latter, I wish weapons had a bit more of... ""viciousness"" to their sound and maybe more variations for monsters grunts and screams- Controls are absolutely great and responsive. No complains at all: everytime I died it was cause I royally screwed up my timing so it's always you and your fault only.- I loved every single level I played: the art style was always appropriate and never had the sensation that the devs got bored at some point designing their levels (I really loved the color scheme and the art of Hagar's Cavern). Also, levels were nice to explore and very satisfying when a secret room or treasure were found... and I absolutely loved the Vertigo brand :)- Great variety of monsters! and the majority of them pose an actual treat (dam you Spindlebeasts and your cuteness!!).- Boss fights are (almost everytime) challenging and you'll find your controller (highly recommended btw) to have gained some dents here and there and that it's now even more ergonomic as it perfectly allows your phalanxes to rest easily where you previously squeezed so bad trying to deliver the final blow. Such unstressful fights!- Replayability is quite high in my opinion, as the game gives you a very wide skill tree to fiddle with (you can respec too: not limitless but it allows you to re-adjust stuff) and allows different approaches each time you play.Really.. I can't recommend this game highly enough.A must have!"
,Recommended,283640,29092933,Posted: 7 January,all,Coulis,"A very good take on Metroidvania with the look and feel of Dark Souls.Usage of 2D instead of 3D creates enough novelty for the experience to be pleasant and not feel like a straight copy. I found some ideas to actually be better than From Software's IP: the name dropped sanctuaries for instance or the addition of a small level-up bar on the bottom left of the UI. Lore/Story was pretty clever and felt really well laid out through the levels, NPCs and item descriptions. I felt it was much tighter than Dark Souls' sequels on that specific point.The only real issue I have with S&S is the lack of luminosity backed by a palette of blurry greys. It all comes together as a dire choice between burning you retina or halving your DPS/dropping your shield by lighting on a torch in your spare hand.A tenner well spent."
76561198125930118,Recommended,283640,29193811,Posted: 11 January,all,Caramelised Cashews,"This game is pretty great. It has a good atmosphere, dark and gloomy, and I feel like the cartoonish art seems to help it. The lighting is also really good, The bosses also seem to reflect the atmosphere, they aren't exactly the cheeriest guys.The classes are also pretty great, even if the mage is way too overpowered. You got tank guys, warriors, mages, clerics, a great number of playstyles.I really like it, and it's definitely worth the $15 investment for such a good experience.However, one complaint: tree of Men. Anyone here familiar with the Dark Souls Boss, Bed of CHaos? The one that knocks you into pits 24/7?Imagine it, with an actual boss health bar, on a 2D game, where the safe platforms, there are flamethrowers, and axes being thrown at you. If this isn't the worst boss I've ever fought, then I'll pay you."
76561198091317836,Recommended,283640,33941428,Posted: 31 July,all,Subamashi,"THis game is a really good 2D Dark Souls. Combat is fun, progression is very satisfying and it has  substantial replay value due to the abundant build options."
,Recommended,283640,25931723,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GenerlAce,"Just bought this game because watching the trailer i loved the style. It reminded me a lot of a game called The Dishwasher:Dead Samurai and Vampire Smile, which when i saw SkaStudios knew instantly that this game shares a lot of the charm i loved in The Dishwasher:Dead Samurai and Vampire Smile., Highly recommend this game as well as The Dishwasher:Dead Samurai and Vampire Smile. Ska Studios is awesome!"
76561198021229933,Recommended,283640,34699657,Posted: 2 September,all,SnowpawRubberwolf,"A 2D Action RPG that combines the atmosphere and mechanics of Dark Souls with the plattforming, exploration and learned movement skills of Metroidvania games.Pros: nice asthetics, plays fluidly with controller or keyboard. Good, faster-paced variation on the Dark Souls formulaCons: Lack of landmarks makes it sometimes hard to navigateIf you're in for some tough fights against terrifying bosses where y need to study your enemies' every move, you might enjoy this."
,Recommended,283640,23307967,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Leeson,"I don't even like platformers, but I do love Dark Souls. This game borrows so many of the excellent features of the Dark Souls series that I don't even care it's a platformer, it's just bloody awesome."
,Recommended,283640,23126477,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Haegemon,"If you've ever wished Dark Souls and Castlevania:SotN would get their freak on together, buy this game.Great gameplay and exploration that really fuses the best aspects of Souls-style games and Metroidvanias.Tough, deliberate, but fair combat. The right amount of hidden areas and backtracking once you unlock new skills.The skill tree system does a great job blending both hard requirements to use equipment and stat balance.Already finished one playthrough, started a second character, and moving into NG+ with the first.Really hoping there's more content or sequels released just for how well this game was executed."
,Recommended,283640,25682687,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lawlsomedude,Become a powerful warrior and overcome all obstacles.By being salty.
,Recommended,283640,31811814,Posted: 17 May,all,Ellye,"This is one hell of a good metroidvania / action-RPG.+ The controls work great, with quick response times and no feeling of clunsyness during combat (I'm playing with Keyboard, not using the default keybinds - the game lets you change them as you wish, I removed mouse keybinds and play with just keyboard).+ The combat has a great feel to it. Hits feel impactful, different weapons have different swing times, range, impact effect... weapons are more than just numbers.+ A high number of different hit types and defense types, allowing you to prepare yourself against specific areas or enemies when needed. Say, some enemies might be more resistant against blunt weapons, others might deal heavy fire damage, etc. You can change your equipment accordingly.+ A sphere-grid-like character development system.+ While leveling up and equipping new items definitely makes you more powerful, the combat is still primarily focused on actual skill instead of just numbers. If you make mistakes, even considerably weaker opponents can kill you. And if you play it well, you can kill stuff much stronger than you.+ An open, metroidvania-style map that is heavily interconnected and feels very well-designed.+ Many little subsystems like Creeds and Devotion that add more depth and replayability to the game.- While the setting is somewhat interesting, there isn't much of a real narrative or storyline. It's mostly just backdrop to establish the proper atmosphere."
,Recommended,283640,23045952,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nasthesy,"If you do enjoy a fast paced game with Souls mechanics and a Rpg leveling system with a Path of Exile themed skill-tree, this game is for you.The movements controls are a bit clumsy especially when they involve stairs (To let you go under or on them) but overall it's a pretty solid action game.I only reached the first boss and even when knowing his patterns thanks to Vaati's video I still died, at start it does feel easy, I won't lie, but then you do notice your HP bar bein' at like 10%, using one of these Red Shard potion, go into the next fight and die from your worst death because they don't heal you instantly like an Estus but progressively over time, that ♥♥♥♥ed me up hard especially considering the long animation to chug on them or the ""real"" Estus.This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a dog running straight for my throat totally got me aswell.To summarise it, a lot of games recently try to claim themselves ""Souls-Like"", which makes cringe a lot of players, but in my books, if Bloodborne was the Lovecraftian Darksouls we waited for, Salt and Sanctuary is the Tales of Grimm we never dreamed to ever recieve.It is grimm, a lot of carefull detail has been paid to the lighting of this game as much as the environement and you can tell it right off the boat.When Dks3 isn't keeping it's promises and waiting for Overwatch to kill my time, I turned myself to Salt and Sanctuary which -will- end up devouring hours.Thanks to the producers for this game, which is, in it's own right, a master-piece."
,Recommended,283640,23153091,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BambamCZ,"I have been big fan of Souls series since the release of Demon’s Souls. The risk and reward style of gameplay along with slow and methodical combat was something that has just clicked so well with my love of horror games and RPGs. Having so far had no option to get PS4 and my PC being far too old, I had to skip out on Dark Souls 3, but I am keeping an eye on indie titles that take heavy inspiration from the From Software’s series such as Dark Maus, Eitr and Salt & Sanctuary. Finally after four months of waiting PC gamers has gotten the chance to get their hands on Salt & Sanctuary, probably the most promising independent endeavour to copy the Souls series’ formula.Overall Salt & Sanctuary is a great game with minor flaws such as unwieldy UI or boss difficulty being rather low or easily exploitable, yet one broken mechanic makes speedrunning very fun.read the full review at:https://thegoodbadgaming.com/2016/05/23/review-salt-sanctuary/"
,Recommended,283640,23852573,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DolgVlaPet,"If you want to play Dark Souls III, but you are short on money, buy this game.If you want to play Dark Souls III, but your PC can't run it, but this game.If you want to play Dark Souls III, but you keep dying and you are salty... Get this game instead.You'll still be dying a lot and you'll be salty as ♥♥♥♥, but hey, at least it's not Dark Soul III. Close enough, though. Picture yourself something between castlevania and dark souls in 2d. That's pretty much it... Yeah. A lot of weapons, spells, skills, huge areas to explore, bosses to kill, places to die in, covenants to join, etc. It's pretty fun. I loved how covenants work, btw. You join one and you can claim safehouses in the name of your covenant and recruit people in there. Traders, mages, blacksmiths, etc. Be adviced, though... There is no online game (At least, so far), but you can play locally with a friend on same PC if you get yourself a sellsword NPC in your sanctuary.It's a good game. Took me a while to buy it, since I payed and cancelled my credit card (Had to save for it from skins/cards/drops sales and it's totally worth it).So, to keep it short...Tl/Dr: Good game, good price, good combat, good ambient, enemies and areas. I'd say it's a 9/10. Do recommend."
76561198043848763,Recommended,283640,23109929,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lil Float,Are You a Dark Souls fan??Do you enjoy the indie side of gaming??If your answer is yes then prepare your self for Salt and Sanctuary.
76561198108305711,Recommended,283640,23082196,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,phoenzoin,Praise the Salt!
,Recommended,283640,31767330,Posted: 15 May,all,Matoi Ryuuko,It's Castlevania meets Dark soulsWhat can possibly be better?
76561198064106555,Recommended,283640,29595121,Posted: 30 January,all,mrorange,"There is actually not a lot more to say to what thousands of enthusiastic reviewers wrote before me about this great game which I fully recommend hereby!Salt and Sanctuary is a great 2D Dark Souls. It transfers the game mechanic, atmosphere and difficulty perfectly fine into a 2D platformer world. The graphics might be sometimes a bit pale, but very lovely in the end.For someone like me that loves Darks Souls, although I have never finished a single one - shame on me - sometimes it is so difficult to get into it again after a certain pause -, this is just one of the best 2D platformers on Steam right now. How did they catch so well all of the Dark Souls spirit?All my respect. I had a lot of work to do for tonight, but instead of going on with it I lost myself in this great game for 3 hours straight. Damn it."
,Not Recommended,283640,26129978,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,vampirecosmonaut,"**I just completed Salt and Sanctuary with 100% of the achievements earned and it took me about 30 hours. With that being said, I think that I've seen all that this game has to offer and I find it hard to recommend this game to others.**This game clicked for me immediately from the moment that I started playing it. I defeated the optional tutorial boss after only a couple tries. The first boss is very powerful and can be difficult for a freshly created character to defeat. If you defeat the optional boss, you get some endgame upgrade materials and an achievement. This is similar to the opening for a Souls game and I just ignored that similarity at that time.After the first few bosses and some quick salt farming, I found that the game had a very similar gameplay loop to Dark Souls. You kill some enemies, collect salt, level up, kill the boss and unlock a shortcut to a previous part of the game. This is imitation as a form of artless flattery. The game has a wonderful art design but it just copies the Souls series a little too closely.After some time, you get the ability to place guides at your sanctuaries. These guides sell a horn consumable that you can use to teleport back to them. After returning to them, the Guides allow you teleport to any sanctuary your visited just by talking to them. This essentially invalidates the need to unlock all the shortcuts the game offers you. There's very little point to them and you get nothing like the relief and achievement you would feel unlocking a shortcut in Dark Souls.After some significant gameplay progress, I found that there was just too many similarities to the Souls games in general. Too many npcs and game mechanics were just copy and paste with a name change. It started to feel less like homage and more like plagiarism. Even the end of the game has a choice much like the first Dark Souls and it made the finale less satisfying to me because of that fact.The bosses have some issues as well. Because everything happens in 2D, it's just a matter of dodging through the boss and hitting them after they do an attack. I defeated almost all of the bosses on the first try. There was only a few at the end of the game that gave me some issues, and that was simply because they had homing projectile moves or grabs that did very high damage. If a boss was challenging, it felt like they were just cheap. There were very few unique boss mechanics, most of the bosses are just damage sponges. I can only recall a few bosses that required some thought and that was just because you were required to attack a spot that you wouldn't expect. One boss had minions attached to it you needed to defeat and another boss was a sentient weapon, the wielder was immune to damage.The next issue I had was the platforming. The jumps throughout most of the game were reasonable but the final few levels required far too many blind faith jumps. In the end it was just a matter of killing yourself until you memorized what path the devs expected you to take. It seems like they should have just taken a break and finished these final levels with fresh eyes. They are rushed and filled with artificial difficulty.The final thing that I'd like to point out is the music. It gets incredibly repetitive. It's very rare that I mute the music in a game. I had to do that with this one. The electric guitar felt out of place and I just got tired of hearing it. The boss fights use the same song until the last few fights at the end of the game. The sanctuary song never seems to change, it's always the same tune. The sounds in general were fine, except for one water dripping effect in caves that was very jarring and artificial.In closing, I'd definitely recommend this game on sale for 50% or greater. There's no doubt a fan of Metroidvanias would get his/her money's worth out of it. But I really want to impress upon others that as a complete experience, from beginning to end, this game is a flawed gem. It's similar to the Souls series but in a way that I found to be less than enjoyable."
,Recommended,283640,26160560,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Thorn,"One of the best games I have ever played. Way better with a friend to enjoy all the awesomeness and to keep the death frustration to a minimum, but still one of my favorite games...ever...period. Thank you creators for a job well done. Please make more games like this a sequel, prequel, anything as long as you stay true to this one."
76561198377901252,Recommended,283640,33067598,Posted: 30 June,all,imagoofykid,"I've never played a ""Dark Souls"" game and playing Salt and Sanctuary really opened my eyes to what gaming truly is. I really enjoy the extreme difficulty and frustration that follow each and every stage, loaction, and boss. No longer will FPS games be at the center of my attention. By clocking in only 12 ""ish"" hours so far, I can easily see hundrends more being added to my character select screen. Starting as a knight i built a good foundation of the game mechanics, but messing around with other characters and waspons, the Cleric and thief sure do look fun. Can't wait to burn a couple more ""all nighters"" on this masterpiece. I would pay $60 for a follow up of Salt and Sanctuary. Can't wait for S&S 2."
,Recommended,283640,29355047,Posted: 19 January,all,Rhan,"It's 2d Dark Souls, what it does well it gets from Dark Souls, the completely unique mechanics are hit and miss in my opinion. It's a fair bit shorter than your average souls-game and for me it was harder to make a mental map of the 2d areas compared to 3d ones. I found myself getting lost quite a bit, just running around hoping to find a path to progress.If you like metroidvanias and souls games, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,283640,34383666,Posted: 20 August,all,Officer McNasty,"Really fun game, definitely recommend trying it! The comparison to 2D dark souls is a good one."
,Recommended,283640,31886928,Posted: 21 May,all,BillOhReally,"Salt and Sanctuary is a tough 2D Metroidvania-Soulslike game which is a love letter to everything we know and love from the Souls series of games.ProsEnvironments, enemies and bosses are numerous and diverse.Gameplay is fair but tough and encourages the player to min-max and fully explore the environments.Many different builds are viable, allowing the player to play the character they want to play.Difficulty can be tweaked to the player's preference by playing non-optimal builds.Great replay value (New Game+ and playing with different builds).Fashion Souls.ConsThe art style, like a fine wine, is an acquired taste.No map of any kind means that early on, you will get lost a lot."
,Recommended,283640,26091934,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Scorpion Master,"An incredible game. One of the very few games that actually lives up to the label ""Metroidvania"" that everyone loves to slap on every 2d game on steam. There is backtracking. New abilities to access previously inaccessible areas. Secret doors and items. Gameplay is fun. Graphics are awesome. The stats and skilltree are awesome too."
76561198016610531,Recommended,283640,33996290,Posted: 3 August,all,Idios ~ 山外,"Fun metroidvania/souls-like game that feels a bit like Ori and the Blind Forest too (new abilities as you progress). On the 2nd co-op playthrough, and having a blast.Love the sense of exploration and discovery, and the challenges that you come across. Combat is nice and simple, and every death felt like it's been due to a mistake/mis-step by the players; i.e. combat is fair and fun.This game does menus nicely, as both players can use them at the same time. Additonally, the camera will follow one player whilst the other one is in menus - which helps keep the pace up. When the menu-player finishes with the menus, they teleport to the moving-player. Whilst this can be abused to make sure platforming is done safely (one player being an ""anchor""), whether or not this mechanic is used in such a way is ultimately up to the players. I'd say it was a really helpful crutch which helped me and my less experienced 2nd-player enjoy the game.Overall, I'd thoroughly recommend it. The game feels original and memorable, and the some of the best elements from a few of my favorite games. A lot of fun, and extreme value - even at full price."
,Recommended,283640,32634992,Posted: 21 June,all,Setimu,Bought it twice. Awesome both times. Soulsvania.
76561198007861570,Recommended,283640,33019732,Posted: 29 June,all,sn0rlax,"I celebrated like a kid who wins the little league world series when I beat the first boss. It took me 10 tries, and I was committed to doing it the hard way; no Google.I hate hard games. I play games like Dragon Age and Elder Scrolls on easy, often with God Mode. I just want to explore and have fun while feeling super powerful. There's a reason why I gave up on Dark Souls and Demon's Souls before that. I just don't do grinding difficulty.Perhaps it's the simplified aspect of 2D, and the tight controls help, but I love the challenge here. My second boss took me about 10 tries, too. Now I've taken out an optional boss in just 3 attempts. I'm getting better, but I've felt like my character was a badass pretty much right after slaying the first guy.This is what I dreamt games would be like when I got older, way back when I was playing games like The Goonies, Adventure Island, and Kid Icarus. I wanted a deep platformer. I wanted great graphics. I never wanted 3d platforming or action. I certainly enjoy those now, but Salt scratches that 20+ year itch.I freakin love my Great Hammer."
76561198341049903,Recommended,283640,30107950,Posted: 22 February,all,"FuckMe,Right?!","Truly a beautiful game. I played it for a bit and it just amazes me how it could turn fromambient peacetoGTFOin a short span time (falling off platforms, being an idiot, and unicorns). I never played dark souls before (I only saw some videos) but I can clearly see how this game looks like it. The art style is amazing, the controls are alright, and it never crashed during my playthrough."
,Recommended,283640,23159295,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sid,"If you like Castlevania and like Dark Souls, then I recommend getting this game!"
76561198060744818,Recommended,283640,23060088,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,KnightzwhosayNi,"A fantastic combination of Dark Souls and a Metroidvania game. Like the Souls games it is inspired by, Salt and Sanctuary features an in-depth dark fantasy story that requires going beyond playing the game to fully understand. The bosses and enemies feel unique and terrifying. Exploring previously explored areas with new abilities nets you interesting new items.The one major complaint that I have is some balancing issues. Some weapon types are just worse than others. This can lead to finding some interesting weapons, only to find out they don't work very well. Most of the time, however, this isn't really a problem.This game is a fantastic combination of some of my favorite genres. If you are not a fan of Metroidvanias or Dark Souls-like games, you probably won't like this, but if you do even a little, I would completely recommend this game."
76561198122633377,Recommended,283640,25155969,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Southpaw,"Salt and Sanctuary is an amazing game especially for those who are a fan of Souls like games. I myself have completed Dark souls 2 and Dark Souls 3 and when I first saw Salt and Sanctuary, I was very skeptical about it being 2D and not 3D. Fortunatley the game plays smoothly and rewards the player if they explore and go out of their way to look for more loot and side areas. The boss fights are definitaley not easy and take many many many tries, first boss took me 9 tries before I finally defeated and boy did it feel rewarding. This game is worth every penny unfortunatley there are some flaws about this game, one of the main flaws is that there is no multiplayer but that can easily be looked over cause this is game that I can either spend a few minutes or hours on at a time before going to play with friends. Next problem is the game always shows controls in xbox or playstation icons not on keyboard which is not that bad of a problem but nontheless it is denfinitaley annoying. In conclusion Salt and Sanctuary is great for the player who wishes to spend a small amount of time on a game then move on to play with friends or another game. It has good graphics and an interesting design with a smooth combat system and a wide variety of areas and enemies, I highly recommend this game to anyone including those out of the Soul series that are searing for a challenge."
,Recommended,283640,23757995,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sam Hyde,Kill enemies and collect their salt.It's basically like any other game.
,Recommended,283640,23111886,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SundownKid,"Salt and Sanctuary is a 2D action adventure game that is basically like a hybrid of Dark Souls gameplay with a bit of Castlevania sprinkled in. It is a bit of a Metroidvania game but like Dark Souls it has no minimap and the difficulty is hard enough that you will die plenty.The game's art style may seem iffy when starting the game; it's a bit sketchy and looks a little like a flash game, but make no mistake - the game itself is absolutely massive. It's easily the size of your typical Castlevania game and the slower paced gameplay makes it seem even larger. Considering the size and scope of the game which rivals Dark Souls series, it's a bargain even at the non-sale price.The gameplay has about the same pacing as Dark Souls in its combat, and it also has the ability to block, and roll, amongst other things. However, a minor qualm is that sometimes enemy attacks aren't telegraphed that well in advance, making them hard to dodge in time. Besides that, though, it does one of the best approximations of Souls combat in 2D and features a ton of different types of builds.The amount of platforming in the game is more significant than souls, which I suppose makes up for the fact that you can't really fall off ledges in a 2D game unless there is a lot of platforming. I think they went a little overboard with it, falls probably killed me more times than actual enemies, unless you count enemies hitting you off ledges as being ""killed"" by one.The amount of lore in the game is quite nice and the game is more text heavy than your typical action indie game, with each inventory item having a ton of lore and even the level up screen having segments of legendary tomes. But, like Dark Souls, it doesn't interrupt the game unless you wish to read the lore. The lore itself, however, is quite solid.This game is basically what that cheap Dark Souls ripoff Slashy Souls SHOULD have been. An amazing version of Souls in 2D that pretty much has everything a fan of dark action games should want.Overall the game is fun and the people who will get the most kick out of it are those who have played the Souls series and are looking for more similar gameplay. However, anyone looking for an extremely fun Metroidvania should also give it a try."
76561198241473106,Recommended,283640,25374135,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Candeau,"An amazing game that punishes you for being stupid and some what rewards you for thinking about your strategy. Very souls-like and thats not bad, it took some core concepts and made an entirely different game out of them. Most bosses are easy to figure out to the observant player but the careless one will die over and over. All in all, 8.5/10 from me.Also, ♥♥♥♥ the Kraeken Wyrm. Seriously. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Recommended,283640,29068180,Posted: 6 January,all,Legi0n,"Surprisingly good!Dark souls isn't hard enough for you? Now it's platformer. You're welcome.+ Good leveldesign. I mean it's REALLY good.+ Interesting visual design (locations, bosses, enemies)+ Some fresh (for souls-like games) ideas+ This is 2D dark souls at the end!- Uncompleted online mode (summon mechanics)- Poor background soundtrack- Some bosses feels kinda weak and underdoneI rate S&S  ""Definitely worth to buy / 10""."
76561197971288614,Recommended,283640,30045759,Posted: 19 February,all,Falconheart,"Do you like Metroidvania style games?Do you like Dark Souls?If you answered yes to both of the above, buy this game. You will not regret it.From the moment I started playing it I was enraptured until I finished the game. My ONLY complaint is that there's no way to make the colors more vibrant. I realize it's the art style they chose, but I still wish it were possible to modify."
76561198087822139,Recommended,283640,23149376,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zero,"I know it has been said many times already but this game really does feel like 2-D darksouls. You have a roll, a similar saving mechanism, and insane difficulty. Even the atmosphere is similar. This game shouldn't just be written off as a Dark Souls clone though, it has its own unique quirks to offer such as the skill tree which is pretty cool how you can choose how your character changes and of course it is a platformer which is a completely different style. Overall 8.5/10 for me. 10/10 if you really like difficult games."
,Recommended,283640,23051537,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,Another polished release by Ska Studios. I've been following these guys for years (Ever since SCZ) and Salt & Sanctuary is the perfect mix of Dark Souls / Metroid / Castlevania. It hits all the sweet spots.
,Recommended,283640,26947637,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I killed kenny,"Great platforming, amazing combat, and really enjoyable boss fights. Just a great all around game."
,Recommended,283640,23162015,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Salacavalini,"A game that combines Castlevania-style platforming Metroidvania gameplay with the timing-and-execution based weighty combat of the Dark Souls/Bloodborne series of games.And go figure, it actually pulls it off rather well. The Souls games have often been compared to 3D Castlevania, and this basically feels like it's looped all the way back to its sources. And it feels good.The vertical nature of exploration in a 2D game adds a fresh spin to fans of the Souls series (and loads of deaths by falling), whereas those coming from traditional Metroidvanias will enjoy the challenge of a more in-depth combat system from what they might be used to.Pros:+Good map design, lots to explore and plenty of area variety+Loads of area interconnectivity and secrets+Plenty of weapon variety including special hybrid weapons like Sword Whips and others; most playstyles are viable (yes, even cleric builds; looking at you, Dark Souls 3)+An excellent translation of Souls-like combat into 2D, very satisfying+Skill tree allows for flexible builds without pigeonholing you into certain loadouts (e.g. needing Strength for Greatshields in Souls games), weapons do not have stat requirements+Local Co-op+Asynchronous Multiplayer features suchs as gravestones and corpses of other players, and a robust message system+In-game Challenge system increases replay value for skilled players+Lots of lore sprinkled about, not in your face but it's there if you know where to look+Good price for the amount of game you get+You can parry with a gunshot!Cons:-The complete lack of a map may be daunting for fans of traditional Metroidvanias-Fast travel is available a little too easily and early in my opinion, somewhat devaluing area interconnectivity at times-Weapon tiering feels a little arbitrary-Some platforming segments can get frustrating due to requiring precise jumps-Character art is... stylized. Very stylized. You might want to wear a mask or full helmet.-No inventory sorting options, items are sorted in order of pickup, no storage box-Local Co-op currently denies certain key items for player 2, not recommended to use a main character for Co-op-No direct online multiplayer"
,Recommended,283640,23515417,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gordge Bush,They combined the non-linear style world of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and added gameplay mechanics and atmosphere of Dark Souls.It's also Ska Studios' first PC title.Worth every penny.
76561198046152076,Recommended,283640,25488427,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,spugintrntl,This is where Castlevania should have gone after Symphony of the Night.  Absolutely stunning game.  Fun and challenging and satisfying to play.  Even my wife (who doesn't typically enjoy sidescrolling action games) is in love with it.  Would recommend this to anybody.
,Recommended,283640,25613163,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,HyronicBlob,"If you liked Dark Souls you'll like this game. Although it is fairly mechanically different than Dark Souls, it still captures the same feel."
,Recommended,283640,31255688,Posted: 20 April,all,Tarradax,"Seems a bit simple calling S&S a ""2D Souls"" but that's what it is, for better or for worse. A very polished and fun game, especially considering it was developed by just 2 people."
76561198104361263,Recommended,283640,23128287,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"Definitely one of my new favorite games and easily the best platformer i've ever played. I went into this game expecting an homage to dark souls and i got that and so much more. the combat system, the salt used for levelling up and upgrading equipment, the sparse story told through item descriptions and npc interactions...it's jsut so lovely and perfect. the many sanctuaries around the world that can be upgraded with various npcs that provide various services as well as area bonuses. like dark souls, salt and sanctuary has something like covenants (called creeds) that you can level up in and collect bonuses from. the skill tree is massive and reminds me of path of exile's humungous skill tree. regardless of your starting class, salt and sanctuary allows you to create a fully customizable character that can be proficient in anything. i really like the branding system. i've only found 2 'brands' so far, but one allows me to use certain obelisks to reverse gravity in certain areas and walk on the ceiling. the other allows me to jump off walls. i'm sure there are more out there and i'm curious to see how they help me progress through the world. the 2D platforming nature of salt and sanctuary combines with the branding system to allow for more vertical gameplay than dark souls could pull off. i also really like the way you can unlock shortcuts between the sanctuaries and that there are even little hidden checkpoints that act like sanctuaries and restore your health/potions while on the way to certain bosses. the 2D nature also gives a certain advantage to the bosses in that they only have to attack in one of 2 directions. it adds a certain level of challenge to not being able to dodge left or right, but only forward and back. the many different weapons have their own attack patterns that add some depth to the combat and the fact that you can transmute them into other, potentially more powerful weapons is pretty amazing.all in all, i can honestly say that i like this game as much as the souls games. if you like dark souls and platformers, don't wait-just get it. the only downside to this game is that there's no multiplayer. but there's local co-op, which is almost as good."
,Recommended,283640,23073742,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Charred,Salt and Sanctuary is a good attempt at translating the Dark Souls series into a 2D environment.  Its far from perfect.  Unlike Dark Souls many of your deaths wont be your fault.  There are quite a number of mechanic problems and enemy layouts/designs that needs some serious work but its still a really good game and definitely worth that 16 dollar price tag.
76561198000857002,Recommended,283640,31835519,Posted: 18 May,all,[TIL] Anarki,"This game is phenomenal. A 2D RPG Dark Souls  platformer.The levelling up system uses a talent sphere like FFX or PoE. Different builds feel very distinctive. You can branch any starting character into anything you feel like.There are a number of secret areas and bosses which reward exploration, although there was nothing which felt like a game breaking item which was a must have, so I felt like I could explore areas naturally whithout a demon on my shoulder telling me to go everywhere and get everything. This also made other play throughs a lot more enjoyable as I found areas and items I didn’t the first time through.The atmosphere, lore and theme is excellent, and the game feels very well polished.I think the fear factor is also implemented incredibly well. Starting the game I pooed my pants a few times, but then later in the game, as my confidence built, felt perhaps the game wasn’t as fear inducing as the Dark Souls franchise. Then a couple of giant spiders would drop on my head, I’d scream like a little girl and reflexively throw my controller at the screen, then spend some time gibbering before stepping outside for some fresh air and sunlight.My only complaints would be the limited soundtrack (which is excellent, just very repetitive) and areas which feel small after you’ve been through them a few times. There are loads of very distinctive bosses though, which is awesome.Tl;dr Excellent 2D RPG Darks Souls platformer. It’s amazing. Buy it."
76561198124906792,Recommended,283640,31929774,Posted: 23 May,all,Gangly,"Fantastically original despite it's Souls-borne inspiration.  For the un-initiated to Souls style games, know that things aren't always spelled out for you, so don't feel bad about checking out a new comer's guide of some sort.Dynamic, stylish, original.9/10"
,Recommended,283640,31940603,Posted: 24 May,all,Meluq,a must-play if you like soulsborne
76561197961401594,Recommended,283640,32026137,Posted: 28 May,all,drkbef,"Excellent game, loads of fun!"
76561198320739620,Recommended,283640,32383615,Posted: 13 June,all,leesg.korea,Escellent game with good contents and dynamic action.
76561198044549352,Recommended,283640,32312915,Posted: 10 June,all,Yung Stalin,"One of the best games i played this year. Amazing music, fun gameplay and a interesting story. A must have for every souls-like game lover."
,Recommended,283640,28958888,Posted: 2 January,all,Thalios Damotil,Haven't played it much but it's so worth it!
,Recommended,283640,33277874,Posted: 5 July,all,Lucìan,"I have some bare hours into this game, so take this review with a grain of salt. That being said, first couple of hours into the game have been a blast. It reminisces Dark Souls in alot of ways... Although it be it in 2D. The game scales well, and has a thorough leveling system that can be tricky too navigate through. Most bosses become relatively easy too fight once you learn their moves, and other bosses just wipe the floor with you. All-in-all i recommend this game if you like a difficult metroidvania game with replay value."
,Recommended,283640,28935531,Posted: 2 January,all,R31ZE | Rivals,"Very Very good game , i love games where you can level up and the tree of skills here is gigantic ! The bosses are amazing and graphics are beautiful ! The local co-op is a nice addition although the first player finds more items than the second one"
,Recommended,283640,25924954,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CosmicDan.com,"I wasn't expecting much of this game, but I was pleasantly surprised. The art style and presentation got me hooked right away. I don't know what else to really say - if you like RPG's, Hack and Slash, Metroidvania and gothic/gloomy art styles, you shouldn't be disappointed.Oh, one more thing - people say it's difficult or like a 2D Dark Souls, I honestly don't feel that way. It's not easy, sure, but as soon as you realize you can't just button-mash and actually have to think about how to engage enemies at times then you'll be fine."
76561198019223527,Recommended,283640,25961432,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Muze,"Metroidvania fans, this is the game you always wanted. Even though it is a hard and unforgiving game, it has been a blast to play. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a great grade A metroidvania game."
76561198008120588,Recommended,283640,28727129,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ffviicloud,"Salt and Sanctuary. What to say... Described pretty much as a Dark Souls series in soul and well everything. Its a blast of a game that offers much to the casual gamer just like the game it is reflected upon and has quite a lot of possibilities for speed gamers too. Very entertaining, a little less punishing and cruel then the Dark Souls game but has that fun adventure spirit with it which is really nice.Dont be afraid to try the game and its fun mechanics and story as well as its evil little and big minions of evil which will kill you when you least expect it :D"
,Recommended,283640,28745179,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,FaithDragon,"This game is literally the love child of Dark Souls and Castlevania: Symphony of the NightIt's got the character creation and basic mechanics of Dark Souls, but also the 2d open-world exploration and extra mechanics from Castlevania: SotNIt plays really well, controls may take a little getting used to depending on what you're used to playing beforehand, but I am willing to bet you'll find a fun, addictive and challenging game out of this.9/10, amazing game"
,Recommended,283640,26009071,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Slaaght,"Wow, what a lovely little gem. Fired up the Xbox 360 controller and had some great fun. Really atmospheric, great graphics and great feel to the game. Love it like the old Castlevania game I had on my SNES way back.Only problem is the bosses. Well, when I say ""bosses"", I mean ""boss"" as the first one hands me my♥♥♥♥♥♥on a plate in about three hits each time. QQ more noob, I hear you say. Yeah fair enough, I will grind some levels, get some more skills, learn his patterns and try, try again. And I haven't cared that much about a game to bother for quite some time, so that shows I must care a little.Replayability looks very high with tons of classes and a skill tree that was just another ""wow"" moment when I first saw it, and then zoomed out!If you like 2d platformers and a challenge, it's an unqualified thumbs up from me."
76561198025483924,Recommended,283640,26279375,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rae,"Great game. Played through it once as a sellsword, bought it to play again with another friend.I wish it had Steam Cloud though - I want to be able to run it from my desktop or my laptop."
,Recommended,283640,27093435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gankedmirror,If you like dark games like Dark Souls this game is for you. It brings awesome boss battles and forces you to try and fail against tough enemies. I´m a big fan of the Souls series and have been wanting for a game that can deliver the same awesomness inn 2D.Enjoyment 10/10
,Recommended,283640,28854434,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Snow Villiers,"This has to be one of the best 2d fighting, hackj and slash games ive ever played. its so addicting, very skill based, and had platforming, the joys, and hatered of platformers. bloody, horror even for a full hand drawn game, Yet, its so very satisfying to watch the enviroment ar ound you. i cant help but give this game a 5/5 just for holding ym attetion for so very longm a 11 hour game sessiuon with a co-op couch buddy. this game will remain in my heart"
76561198010213439,Recommended,283640,25995469,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Gaepher,"It´s like Dark Souls in 2D - if you liked DS and Metroid, it is definetly your game. It feels so Souls-like that even after more than 10 hours I mix up the button setting and try to slash with R1 :-D"
,Recommended,283640,32902803,Posted: 27 June,all,OldFishPool,"TLDR; If you have a high level of resistence to frustration, this game can and will be a good hack and slash exploration experienceI hate this game alot but i acknowledge that its a good game.It pains me to positively review it but i cant ignore that the game itself is good+exploration is great, and the bottle system borrowed from dark souls' blood stain system gives good hints towards what you should expect or be looking for.+map design is great+skill tree is well executed+As expected, its well optimized and runs well, but its not exactly a power hungry game.-Character customization only goes so far. You will replace your weapons, but odds are, you will be using your starter armor for most of the game. I did atleast, i couldnt find armor that was stronger for a good while, and even then i still used the chest plate and boots of my first armor set.-Dodging is horrible, all enemies have long reach so if you dodge away they will hit your back, dodging behind them works but if there is a horde of enemies, you are charging straight into them, which is not good. For bosses, dodge rolling is abosolutely necessary but it still almost never works out well. If you dodge away, they will still hit you. If you dodge towards / behind them, theres a 50/50 chance you wont go past them and will just get stuck infront of their legs, and you will still be hit.-Most enemies are insanely frustrating to fight. Ex. Ember skulls, Drowned raider, Poison Cytoplasm, and more. Keep in mind they are designed like that, which many would excuse from being a con, but i dont. It makes the game more stressful than it needs to be.-Respawning is a bit bad, you really should have the option to spawn at the nearest sanctuary, not the last one youve been to.-No online coop is a bit disappointing.-Losing all your souls to stupid deaths is a terrible experience.--- I edited this review, originally it said that the first boss was horrible, but ive come to a conclusion: All of them suck. Ive yet to fight one that wasnt unbalanced and frustrating. I suppose that some people like this, but i dont, infact i hate it. I buy my games so i can enjoy them.Overall, as you can tell, i dont like this game, but i wont let my opinion intefere with the truth. This game is good. I will most probably finish it but i cant see myself replaying it.And yes, i am new to this genre, but dont worry because i wont be staying long."
76561198163101526,Recommended,283640,32563012,Posted: 19 June,all,BUprof,Difficult platformer which demands you experiment to discover the mechanics and the relative value of skills.
76561198343150257,Recommended,283640,32230461,Posted: 6 June,all,Jhon_silva,"Simplesmente excelente. Ótima mecânica,bela arte e um cenário sombrio, digno da saga Souls.Sem dúvida um dos melhores indies que joguei até agora."
,Recommended,283640,33148880,Posted: 2 July,all,Makaveli,"Well. I have sunk 30 hours into this game. I am not yet finished.I held off hoping it would go for sale cheaper, not knowing what to expect. I must say it is worth every damn dime. I am playing a poison rogue right now, and many other classes to play. So replayability is definitely there.The controls are tight, responsive, and feel good in my handsThe enemies are a challenge, and dastardlyThe boss fights are epicThe chaining of worlds, and how this universe is all connected is masterfully done. Making it one of the better Metroidvania style games I have played.The dark undertone along with the eeries guitar music changes from rifts to picking of the strings, it comes off very subtle, and immersiveThe game has been a joy to play. I am a huge fan of Retro video games, and this gives me the challenge I want along with the new age smoothness you expect in 2017.. For 15 bucks this game was a steal...I am glad to of played it, and won't hesitate to pay full price if Salt and Sanctuary 2 ever rears its beautiful head."
76561198095784772,Recommended,283640,31977908,Posted: 26 May,all,petri.piira,"Same feel as in the classic ""Castlevania Symphony of the Night"". Good Metroidvania fun. Works beautifully on Linux too."
,Recommended,283640,28744203,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Wootsticks,"I never really got into the Dark Soul games. I decided to give this one a try, and I instantly fell in love. I love the RPG mechanics and how its a 2D sidescroller. There's lots of customization available, you can try many different builds and there's a ton of replay value! 10/10!"
,Recommended,283640,26055259,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DFBlades,"""Dark Souls is difficult but fair, S&S is unfair in it's difficult"" is what a most these negative reviews say. Dark Souls fair? Maybe I'm unlucky, but I've come to many garbage short comings in dark souls, and S&S is no differnet. Both games have their bugs, though dark souls has much more in my experience. Now don't get me wrong, I love dark souls I've played the first for 150 hours and the third for 300 hours, the second... like 40, but I'm not here to talk about how much I love Dark Souls. I'm here to debunk alot of these negative review complaints.Git gud.In all seriousness, people have complained about the dodge mechanic. Yeah, it's not easy to use, but it's not easy in dark souls 2. You learn how to make it effective. I've made a character that can dodge everything; once you understand the mechanic it becomes very easy. Folks have also complained about the blocking, in which I rebutle with, ""What?"" if anything, the blocking is overpowered. Some have argued against the skill tree, but they don't provide enough info on why they hate it; the skill tree system seem pretty good to me. Some one eve complained about stamina, just raise you're willpower, that increase stamina. others have complained about health, which raises through overall level and not alot. If you wanna tank get some solid armor and upgrade it, at nearly 300 hp I can soak a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of damage with heavy armor. Another complaint is that you can't finish the game with starting gear, I disagree. People have also said that the keyboard controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yee they are, but you can rebind them to fit your needs. My last point is that the game isn't even that hard. I had a harder time in the first Dark Souls.So to close my stupid rant with, Git Gud. Seriously, if this game is hard for these negative reviewers that say, ""Dark Souls is difficult but fair, S&S is unfair in it's difficult"" than I have no Idea how you even finished Dark Souls. This is not more difficult the Dark Souls. To me both have been unfair in it's difficulty and I love them both for it.Edit: if you don't like platforms you may want to consider you're options more than those who like them or don't mind them, though I hope that would go without saying. Personally I hate platforms, but this game is amzing, plus I have loyalty to Ska Studios, I've loved their games for a while. only platforms I ever play: Dish Washer was good, Vampire Smile was good, ZP2K9 and ZP2KX where Amazing, and I Made A Game With Zombies In It was hilarious but also not a platformer."
76561198147284913,Recommended,283640,33711615,Posted: 21 July,all,Fluffy_Fractalshard,"Salt and Sanctuary was the first souls/rogue/metroidveniawhateverlike game I tried..AND IM TOTALLY HOOKED!!!amazing:- the atmosphere- the vague but superdeep lore- the combatsystem!! its so much fun to slash through your foes and getting some perfect hits or killing one of the manyhard bosses (who most likely killed you several times before) feels so rewarding!- the skillsystem (reminiscent of FFX/path to exile)- the whole gameplay manages to keep the perfect balance between unforgivingly hard and motivating and fair- the replayability due to the many different possible and viable characterbuilds- the tension playing it mostly blind, never knowing what horror will kill you next and whether you should dare to explorea bit more or retreat to your sanctuary, save your salt(experience) but respawn all the mobs in doing so?not so amazing:- the soundtrack, although very good (reminds me of diablo2), is very short and thus always repeating- without extensive research about the many gamemechanics (I recommend Asuko_XIII's guides on reddit!!) it's evenharder if not impossibleIf you like challenging, deep and atmospheric games, THIS IS A MUST!! 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,24065261,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WitcherKing18,Dark Souls 2D + BloodBorne 2D = SALT AND SANCTUARY!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,33818200,Posted: 26 July,all,drixkarasu,Really fun and has lots of replayability.
76561198093251071,Recommended,283640,33280229,Posted: 5 July,all,THEY'RE WEAK TO FIRE,"Essentially a 2D Dark Souls, but not. If you've played DS 1&2, you can see what I mean. Aside from that, still a very fun game, lots of stuff you wouldn't expect in a 2D game like this, great artwork, etc. Even has controller support for Xbox and PS4. Very much worth it. My only gripe is the co-op, which is local machine only. If there was online or lan multiplayer, that would be amazing."
76561198055631052,Recommended,283640,33973015,Posted: 2 August,all,Rafalo15,"Ska Studios' Salt and Sanctuary can be described, to put it simply, as a 2D platformer Dark Souls.But its more than that. Sure, the plot is about you vanquishing a great evil and giving you the choice to either flee these cursed lands or conquer them for your own, just like the first Dark Souls, as well as a bunch of other similarities, but the game is so much more than that.Salt is the souls equivalent of this game, and is used for levelling your character or upgrading your weapons, whereas gold enables you to buy items from merchants, such as your standard spells and consumables. One thing to keep in mind is that you lose gold each time you die, with the amount lost increasing with however much you have on you at the time of death.Out of all the games that have been compared to the Souls series as of late, Salt and Sanctuary is undoubtedly the closest to it, in terms of atmosphere and lore, including the method in which it is told.There's also the way weapons scale based on your stats, heavy armour slows you down, you have numerous rings that add additional effects or boost stats and resistance, as well as as a stamina bar that you have to manage wisely else risk being left winded and vulnerable to attack.Starting off on a ship, the game provides you with a handful of classes to choose from, ranging from the standard warrior and hunter to the more unexpected choice, the cook, which comes replete with a pan for a weapon and chefs outfit. Alongside the classes you're also given the choice of a starting item and, in a nice twist, the option to enable challenges such as naked (no armour), magic only and no healing or blocking. Challenges that people would have eventually done given the nature of these games, but for the devs to offer it to you right off the bat is a smart choice on their part.Upon seeing that the Hunter class would fit perfectly into the world of Bloodborne, I opted to choose it for my first run, naming her Lady Maria after one of my favourite bosses from the entire Soulsborne series. Sword, whip, and crossbow (soon replaced with a flintlock) in hand, I easily cut through the first third of the game. However, as I rarely use magic or shields in Soulsborne games and the like, I had to perfect my dodging skills. Something that handles much more differently in a 2D environment than a 3D one as well as my weakness, there is a reason I still have yet to beat the likes of Hollow Knight.For a platformer game, Salt and Sanctuary has tight platforming controls, each jump feels just right and you can master basic movement rather easily. Add in the likes of double jumps and air dashes as you progress through the game and you'll be moving faster than ever. Of course, there are some parts where the platforming has to be so precise that if you screw up it either results in death or having to completely backtrack to that section and start all over again. Pitched Woods in particular presented me with just such a problem, requiring me to jump from platform to platform that faded in and out, as well as placing overpowered enemies right below you, I ended up quitting this area. Turns out that I missed out on an optional boss and a creed that grants an overpowered spell. Ah well.The combat in this is fantastic, as it should be, you can feel the impact of each weapon. Daggers feel like you're slicing through butter, greatswords genuinely feel like you're swinging a massive slab of iron around, and each individual attack with a whip delivers a sting that you can't help but imagine the pain. Ranged weapons can be rather powerful but the range is just....weird. Crossbow bolts drop off far too quickly and pistols have way too short of a range, coming off as more of a shotgun.Sanctuaries are this game's equivalent of bonfires, however Salt and Sanctuary's approach is rather unique, in that you can collect statues to summon certain NPCs. Blacksmiths, guides who can teleport you between sanctuaries, leaders who require certain items to deepen your devotion to your chosen creed and several more.Co-op in this game is vastly different to Dark Souls, in that it is local multiplayer only. Which is great if you're struggling against a boss or in a certain area and have a family member/roommate etc that can help but not so much if you live alone. Surely the devs could have implemented online co-operation in some form? How the heck can I praise the su....salt efficiently if I can only do it with people right next to me?Artistically, the game has a somewhat distinct look that sets it apart from most games, the bosses, backgrounds, as well as the music, everything looks and sounds great. But not the characters themselves, there's just something about their face that makes them incredibly offputting, the moment I got a mask to cover mine I did. Funny that this is another thing that the game shares with Dark Souls.Salt and Sanctuary is without a doubt the best 2D interpretation/homage of the Dark Souls games thus far. It perfectly riffs on it and borrows elements from the series while also setting up its own lore and mechanics that serve to set it apart from its inspiration. Where Nioh was the perfect spiritual successor to the Souls series, Salt and Sanctuary is essentially the perfect 2D Souls game, imagine if Miyazaki decided to make the series 2D or make a 2D spinoff and this is the closest you would get, minus those pesky dogs he just loves throwing in.Hopefully we get a sequel, expansion, or similar game from the devs in the near future"
,Recommended,283640,32869772,Posted: 27 June,all,Drogo,"While it may seem like a 2D version of Dark Souls, it does a lot of things differently and has a very fun twist on the style. The skill tree is especially fun to play around with and adds a whole new level to replayability."
,Recommended,283640,25943175,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,HFalcon277,"As gamer I ruined my self by playing a little game known Dark Souls. No game has ever satisfied me before or since.The first thing you will notice upon beginning this game is that it is heavily inspired by Dark Souls and other like ARPG's. S&S brings a interesting a refreshing take on this already proven formula. Is it better than Dark Souls? That is a question that can't really be answered. It is different. While I did say it is heavily inspired by the Dark Souls formula, due to it's two deminsions it plays very diffenetly. It is a very refreshing experence and I can see myself playing it for quite a while. As of writing this review I have only encounted 2 bosses and killed one (Ok really 3). And already I am already really impressed by the amount of diversity and content in the game.There are some problems such as the local multiplayer limits the invited character, lack of online multiplayer (which I hope they bring out even in a more co-op sence rather than having a perstiant multiplayer server.) It could also do with a lock on for through object's, (you have to fire once before you can say your aiming arrow (( unless I am missing somthing...))) Plus a option that allows you to compare items when upgrading, a before and after.Other than that I would like to aplaud the developers and thank them for making this. It trully is a wonderful game.This scratches my Dark Souls itch very well. A worthy game to play."
76561198122832260,Recommended,283640,31894277,Posted: 21 May,all,Nickanoid,The first indie game ever made that was better than the original. Make a sequel already!!!
76561198068409097,Recommended,283640,27446085,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dota 3,Die DIE Dieeeee
76561198109438829,Recommended,283640,32530670,Posted: 18 June,all,Little T-Rex,"Dark souls-like 2d game with great art, sound and atmosphere. Controls are precise and responsive. Gameplay is addictive, got me hooked from first minutes. Great game!"
,Recommended,283640,24072252,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mia ఌ,"Muito bom o jogo! Desafios, armadilhas e chefes extremamente difícies!!! É um jogo em 2D mas vale cada centavo gasto nele!!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I really liked this game. I recommend it for those who like genre: role-playing game action, platform game, Metroidvania."
76561198211909976,Recommended,283640,34085335,Posted: 7 August,all,Khaine Incarnate,"A poem for Salt and Sanctuary:Sodden KnightGives me a frightSteals my saltAnd sets my rage alightWith his terrible might..............Oh yes, and this game's alright10/10 would shed salty tears again"
,Recommended,283640,27262442,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gorest Fump,Dark Souls meets Castlvania. Amazing and tough all at the same time.
76561198007002372,Recommended,283640,34730790,Posted: 4 September,all,Rygem,"Pros:- Responsive movement and combat- Movement speed is high even on lover speeds- Good selection of weapons and armor with varying playstyles- World Design- RPG system is good.- Great animations.Cons:- The 2D side scrolling perspective is often more tedious than fun. You can't see where you are going and if enemies hide in the ""other part of the screen"", leading to frustrating hits and even deaths. This happens a bit too often. They should have zoomed it out way more.- The overall look and feel of the game is not very appealing to me. Art style of areas is okay. Character design is not good. Everything looks too blurry.Overall a good game: 7,8/10"
76561198057682542,Recommended,283640,30606835,Posted: 18 March,all,Primus,"An absolute must-have for any dark soul fan. Backtracking, upgradeable gear, vast skill trees and challenging boss battles. Well worth the price; buy it."
,Recommended,283640,28668491,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mboog12,"I bought this on a whim. At first I was disappointed, I thought I'd seen the whole this had to offer. But after a few bosses I've learned just how deep this game is. Difficulty is just right. Not too easy, not too frustrating. Also, coop. I reccomend it."
,Recommended,283640,34802470,Posted: 7 September,all,David Makalaster,Really fun game... really challenging... makes me salty sometimes
76561198082111464,Recommended,283640,32378467,Posted: 12 June,all,jeffrey157,"this games is like dark souls in a side scroller, pretty much a literal copy, that being said dark souls is a perfet game so if your going to copy something, good choice."
,Recommended,283640,31979732,Posted: 26 May,all,Remas,"For a veery long time I hadnt played any game that made as much fun as this one. When I started playing video games about twenty years ago, each game seemed to be exciting. I was eager to explore, discover new locations, find secrets, solve the puzzles and so on... Time passed, the amount of time I spent playing video games grew and the excitement of playing games got lost somewhere. Even such great games as ""Witcher 3"" couldnt awake the passion I felt years ago.So I never expected a 2d-platformer-Rpg-game to be able to excite me.But it did!""Salt and Sanctuary"" does everything right. I have no idea how or why, but I really was eager to explore, to look for new locations, even the leveling and grinding hadnt felt tedious.Some older players might still remember the first Prince of Persia. It was such a simple game, but it had so much in it (secret potions, secret rooms, puzzles). ""Salt and Sanctuary"" is similar to that. The maps arent big, but you have the feeling, that there is so much stuff hidden somewhere (new items, new paths, secret rooms).The gameplay manages to stay interesting until the end of the game. The old combination of monster-slaying and platforming somehow becomes exciting and interesting....Generally I hate boss-fights. But I enjoyed the challenge of fighting the bosses in ""Salt and Sanctuary"". In my opinion the difficutly is exactly right; It will take you a couple of tries to kill the baddie; But at the end it will feel rewarding to finally see the boss go down. (The only exception was ""The Witch-boss"" - She was too hard.)I could go on with all the praise for this amazing game. But I will stop here.Really amazing game! Most fun I had in a game since Left4Dead2."
76561198015250974,Recommended,283640,32606707,Posted: 20 June,all,Sliven,"Super deep and interesting love letter to souls games.For all souls fans, highly recommend."
,Recommended,283640,26228815,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Oberon,"Was looking for some metroidvania, stumbled upon Salt and Sanctuary from Ska Studios who made The Dishwasher back in the day, and was very pleasantly surprised!This game is really good, just finished it after 24 hours and started my new game plus. It really plays like a Castlevania game with elements from Dark Souls/Demon Souls. Really like the artwork, altough a little strange at first it really has its own style.All the bosses were varied and challenging. The music is pretty sparce and I would have liked to have more soundtrack for more variety but the music that is there is very fitting and works great.If this was a AAA game there would already be a sequel in the making, but I ask myself, what would I want from a sequel from this game. It pretty much got everything I want from it, even Local Co-Op.I am one happy gamer daddy and higly recommend this game.Good job Ska Studios!"
,Recommended,283640,26603283,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fizzixnerd,"It's a 2D Dark Souls.  It borrows from the best (and a bit of the worst) parts of the series, but adds some Metroidvania fun to the mix to keep things spicy.Strictly inferior to Dark Souls in my opinion, but still very good."
76561197974905520,Recommended,283640,31791387,Posted: 16 May,all,3D Lunatic,"Brilliant!2D games tend to be limited, and I was skeptical whether this 2D platformer RPG would be worth it. It's not just worth it, it's mind-blowing!The great:- Art style and atmosphere makes me feel uneasy, in danger, although it's hand drawn. Beautifully creepy!- Game polish is fantastic. This game is complete and with all the final touches, secondary animations, all bells and whistles.- Tech tree is huge! Customize your character to your heart's content.- Sound and music really creates an atmosphere fit for this game. Every rustle, foot fall, creak and creepy sound at the right time to make your heart skip a beat, and the music is great.- Disgustingly beautiful splattering of blood and body parts.The bad:- Going down stairs is tricky, I have to jump down to drop down if there's a staicase down. Defaults to walking on flat floor. Maybe I missed something.- Using CTRL to block on my keyboard is uncomfortable, I would rather remap it to ALT or some other key. Not sure if you can remap, I've only played a while.Overall, of the many many games I've purchased over the past decade, this one ranks among the best of them. No kidding. Spend the money, you won't be disappointed. 10/10 stars!"
,Recommended,283640,31181040,Posted: 16 April,all,Britt,this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so many times... in a good way. I may go through it again and beat the new game+ mode.
76561198064783765,Recommended,283640,28016556,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lupus,"It's a good 2D adaptation on the souls/borne genre, has responsive controls and a entertaining gameplay, doesn't bring anything new to the formula, yet, the art is quite unique, as I have seen in other games from Ska Studios, and it plays quite well. The difficulty is fair and the game has decent playtime.Would recommend to anyone looking for a soulslike experience."
,Recommended,283640,32218657,Posted: 6 June,all,Einherjar,"If you like Dark Souls and/or Metroidvania series, you'll love this one. It is dark and beatiful, and you can customize your build in a lot of ways. The one thing I found a little disappointing is that some of the bosses are quite easy... About half of them I killed in 3 tries or less. Doesn't change the fact that this game is WELL WORTH the money spent, even when not on sale."
76561198066926908,Recommended,283640,31152937,Posted: 15 April,all,Krucho,"On par with Dark Souls:-Incredible ambiance in an eerie hostile world-Huge bestiary, insane bosses.-Tons of weapons, spells, armors to collect-Inter-connected world with tons of areas and shortcuts between them.-You can find messages of other players anywhere in the world, you can also see how they died with phantoms.Better than Dark Souls:-BEAUTIFUL 2D ART STYLE: painted characters/backgrounds, amazing spell effects, amazing lighting, great animations.-Embraces the metroidvania aspect, you will unlock VERY FUN moves to help you reach new areas and sometimes fight.-darkness, some areas will be more or less dark and you'll need to use a torch. Dark Souls had this promise too but they never kept it.-Skill progression with a huge talent tree like in Final Fantasy 10 or Path of Exile, very well made-YOU CAN CAST SPELLS MIDAIR AND YOUR GUY DOES LIKE A SLOW MOTION MATRIX THINGWeaker than Dark Souls:-No invasions-No voices-Weapons got sick movesets with air combos but still not as rich as in Dark Souls.-casting a lightning spell may require you to buy new headphones. Can you turn the ♥♥♥♥ing volume down please and that witch of the lake oh god u trying to make me deaf?Overall this game is a masterpiece."
76561198018818592,Recommended,283640,26640403,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MrDrProfessor4,"You explore connected areas in the classic Metriodvania style, the bosses have distinct strengths, weaknesses, and behaviors intentionally similar to Bloodsouls-Darkborne, and the character progression is satisfying.The game may seem difficult at first, especially with that Witch of the Lake, but after I went through the trouble of over-gearing myself, the game went from hard to laughably easy. The bosses really aren't that tough when you step back and actually prepare for them.I can easily recommend this game for its asking price."
,Recommended,283640,28572574,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Riftvalley,"打完了第二个boss收集了7800+盐回程路上被弓箭手射杀，盐都被偷了复活后第一时间跑去干掉弓箭手在半空中中了一箭掉进了深渊摔死了ahh, you shall lost 7k salt forever魂味10/10"
,Recommended,283640,33165407,Posted: 2 July,all,where's my kayak!?,"Basically a fun take on what Dark Souls would feel like in 2D, with lots of Metroidvania style thrown in, and the occaisional Mega Man style disappearing block jump puzzles, just because.Just one note... it's not actually that hard of a game. I beat almost every boss with only a few tries with my two-handed sword build.Still, it's really fun, and worth a look if you're a fan of 2D platformers, and action RPGs."
,Recommended,283640,31668947,Posted: 10 May,all,sienkrich,DLC PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,25935524,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,latterman,"This is the best game of the year, period. I don't think anything will change that, at least for me.I sunk good 24 hours to finish my first go on it, and oh god, was it satisfying.Everything, starting from controls (gamepad recommended) and graphics, ending with boss design is flawless. The game is insanely difficult, and there were moments where I had to do some grinding, specially prior to the last boss, but every encounter felt different somehow. Which, imo, is a good sign.I, myself, am not a hardcore gamer, but not a single time did I felt frustrated in any way.Extra props for the soundtrack. Especially that final location. So good.I do highly recommend this game if you enjoy Dark Souls and Castlevania. Can't wait for the DLC. Make it happen!"
,Recommended,283640,28677305,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,antonov.alexandre,"Interesting mechanics, appealing visuals, replayability with several different skill tree branches, challenging bosses. This game is worth three times its price!"
,Recommended,283640,25939853,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jugghead Jones,"for every metroidvania lover!! just buy it, its a great game overall"
,Recommended,283640,26295927,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,N00bWarrior,Dark Souls Clone - CheckDifficult af - CheckUnfair & Unbalanced Boss Fight - Check10/10
,Recommended,283640,29717130,Posted: 5 February,all,SourenA,This game is wonderful. As others has mentioned it is like DS series but in 2D. So if you enjoy Dark Souls definitely buy Salt and Sanctuary
,Recommended,283640,30971665,Posted: 5 April,all,Nutella Otter,This game made me quite salty huehuehueBut otherwise good game if you're looking for a 2d version of dark souls.
76561197982242868,Recommended,283640,30804983,Posted: 28 March,all,[i]Scooba Nate,"This is the metroidvania game we've been wanting for decades. In fact, I'm doing a second playthrough one day with whips and spells for nostalgia. Such tight design. A little easy, at least with a greatsword build, but most metroidvanias are.The level design. Oh, the level design!edit1: game is not easy with whips, Devara help meedit2: it isn't entirely accurate to call this a 2D souls game. Calling this a 2D souls game is like calling Symphony of the knight a Dracula X game. Symphony of the Night is more of a Metroid game with a heavy Castlevania influence (unless you play as Richter). So much so that the genre it helped create is called MetroidVania rather than Castlevania.Likewise, this is a Metroid-Vania game with dark souls inspiration and style. It draws from SotN far more than it does from Dark Souls, and is far better than SotN too imoThe base game model is still based on Metroid, for all these games. And that is wonderful! This genre is among the finest in all of gamedom <3"
,Recommended,283640,33114420,Posted: 1 July,all,Jinhitsu,"An amazing game created by a very small studio (2 people, and 2 cats as they put it.) I put 100+ hours on my PS4 on this game and still get the same amount of enjoyment out of it as before. Great level design, well managed platforming, a really well put together combat system, while weapons choice seems to be slim, and a mysterious multi-ended story really give this game replayability. While the game does have a difficulty spike that my throw off some, it also comes with a checklist of available challenges if the game seems a little too easy for you. The game is quite lengthy as well, with about 30 hours of gameplay for a first playthrough. Highly recommended to anyone willing to take on a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,283640,35091920,Posted: 20 September,all,BloodyThorn,"This is one of those games I'd give a ""meh"" review to. There are things that make it great, and things that, beyond it's difficulty, make it very frustrating. Something compelled me to play it for 50+ hours.Make sure you don't sell anything that might have even the slightest use in the future. Unless it was dropped by a respawning mob, the game doesn't allow for you to re-obtain any item you sell off. Needed that fire resistant blacksmith outfit that you sold off because you didn't think you'd do light armor to defeat the Husk? Tough.This is what ended my run in frustration this time around. I've tried this game in two long runs (20+ hours) and both times ended up getting frustrated with design decisions such as this. I won't be installing it again. Despite a ring of fire resistance, and my most fire-resistant heavy armor, the husk still burned me with it's attack for 150-200 per tick. It was unsurvivable. While I could dodge most of it... I was in heavy armor.Otherwise, it's a great game, however if you don't own Hollow Knight yet, I'd suggest that one over this."
,Recommended,283640,30025460,Posted: 18 February,all,Savok,"Fantastic 2D Dark Souls clone with superb level design, a large dose of platforming, a dash of Metroid and a difficulty level that's just right (most of the time). There's the rare control issue mostly to do with animation timings but nothing you can't adapt around the few times you'll run into it."
76561198110334770,Recommended,283640,29824088,Posted: 10 February,all,Apathicon,"This game is pretty great. The controls are solid, the weapons are fun, the art style is cool (except for peoples faces, which are froglike at best), and every single thing you can click on has a lore-filled description.HOWEVER!Just like the Dark Souls games, which this game is heavily inspired by, it has some janky-ness.One of the big things in this game is platforming, as you would expect, and for the most part, it's pretty fun. But there are aloooooooot of ways to fall down plattforms. And there is no silver cat ring. If you like heavy armor, prepare to learn the laws of gravity. There is no feeling quite as sad as realizing you won't make a jump across the abyss because you forgot to take your shirt off.Also, not a huge fan of certain bosses having 4 nanoseconds long windups for certain attacks, but that's just a minor thing.Oh, and The Red Hall of Cages can go suck every single phallic object in a 94 mile radius."
76561198045737669,Recommended,283640,23184971,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Wilson Wilson,If you're after a 2D Dark Souls then play this.
,Recommended,283640,24390710,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,yabba1345,"Excellent game if you are a fan of castlevania, the soulsborne series, or old school metroid. would reccomend"
,Recommended,283640,23119425,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sindræ,"So I randomly stumbled across this when I was done with Dark Souls 3, and I was feeling a bit empty inside since I had few interesting things to play. I figured I'd give it a shot, as the graphics looked appealing to me. Overall I'd say this is a good game, with a rather good character progression system, and a great gear system.Some fights can be a bit irritating, as large enemies have a tendency to push you back a lot, and even block you off from certain areas. My main irritation so far has been the boss fights, as the ones I've done so far (6 or 7) have been kind of lackluster. They start out with a set of moves, and progressively as the fight goes on, they just become faster. I'd much rather have phases in the fight, rather than linear difficulty progression, and adding new moves when you reach said phase would make it a lot more interesting.That being said, I can definitely recommend this game if you enjoy combat-heavy metroidvania games, and liking the Souls series doesn't hurt."
76561198067505128,Recommended,283640,24287342,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,itsmes3,Like darksouls but instead of having a boss rip off your♥♥♥♥♥♥you have a pin carefully inserted into your dickhole and everytime you die its pushed in slightly further.pretty good when you aren't fighting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bosses.
76561198022418595,Recommended,283640,23439193,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sergeant Dildo,"Fun game. I'm not going to bother describing it when everyone already knows it's a rip off, I mean ""tribute"" to Dark Souls. The only problem I have with the game is that they don't explain how everything works very well. I was confused for a long time about how to claim an empty sanctuary so I was playing with pretty much no check points and I was like WTF this game is really hard."
,Recommended,283640,23351583,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,jayxan,Fantastic side-scrolling souls like game. If you like the challenge of dark souls you'll like this. Its basically the same game. Which is a good thing.
,Recommended,283640,27555222,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fomka.exe,"For me it's the best souls-like game.Not because it's 2D or something,but because of the atmosphere,soundtrack,interesting bosses,weapons,build variations and,of course,some kind of lore.P.s. You will save your lady,be it a Princess or a Slave."
,Recommended,283640,26508297,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mickyz7z,"Awesomely structured game...I don't think that the background story has a really deep impact through the game. I would more consider it as guidelines for each person's own interpretation.The gameplay is really fun and challenging enough to make you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥more than once. Though, once you understand that the boss fights are mostly based on learning their move sets, you'll be able to beat them with your own strategy.I would recommend it so much and it is really worth the price.Have Fun!!"
,Recommended,283640,33149245,Posted: 2 July,all,Deus Vult,2d Dark Souls.10/10
,Recommended,283640,31843672,Posted: 19 May,all,Kill 'Em All Cay,"If Ska Studios makes it, it is a guaranteed gold game. That's all."
76561198257690744,Recommended,283640,31780197,Posted: 15 May,all,Big Bubba,"A great and fun game, just a warning though, if you think dark souls is hard and you rage from that this might not be the game for you. This game will tick you off, the monsters can get you in a stun lock and kill you in a heartbeat, You don't have  nearly as many healing items as  you do on Dark Souls, and most of the bosses have annoying moves that make you want to kill yourself. Good Luck!"
76561198106426030,Recommended,283640,25768397,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ForemostCrab7,"For a Dark Souls clone is sure is well made, it is difficult like Dark Souls, except, this game is even More difficult, considering that the enemies cannot be walked through...and being a 2D game you cannot walk around them, so you gotta either roll or jump (if they are small enough) to get past them, wich isnt always a possibility when the bosses are ganking your into a wall and not giving you the chanse to ♥♥♥♥ing roll out of the way!so thats something that needs to be changed, theres fair, challenging and OMFG GET OFF ME!!and this game is the latter word.what it could also use is the Dark Souls Boss Doors that stops your from just runing into a boss room and being trapped, some might argue that its ""obvius"" but since it is a dark souls clone and everything looks grim and putrid, its not that easy to spot what is and isnt a boss room, sooo if you got a ton of salt and you accidentaly step into a boss room that youre not prepared for, well sucks for you, you just lost all your salt!atleast dark souls/bloodborn gave you a clear warning that its a boss room, this game srly need that.so if anyone reading this is a Dark Souls fan or just a saddist who loves to torture themselves, then this game is for you.Yes i hit Recommend because if you are what was stated up below, then it is a recommendation, if youre not, then well, the reviews would probably throw you off eitherway."
76561197994664636,Recommended,283640,23158953,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,mowerboy,"This is going down as one of my favorite games of all time.  Blending two of my favourite genres and the unique art style makes it truly stunning.  Nothing bad to say about the game except I feel it was too short,  but for 20$ it is well worth it"
,Recommended,283640,23162626,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Comstat,"It's hard to describe the wonderful marriage of the souls gamestyle with that classic metroidvania platforming.  So, I'm not going to.This is a great game"
,Recommended,283640,23415522,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tentacle Monster,"I'm a big Souls nut, everybody knows that.I've spent countless hours on the series as a whole, strarting with Demon's and ending with... Bloodbourne.I couldn't play DS3, not only because my system couldn't play it anymore without dying on me, but it also was a step back after DS2, and just not as fun for me as it was before.I needed a fix, and fast.And i found it in Salt & Sanctuary.Let me get it straight: i love Ska Studios, always loved.I adore their recognizable art design - dark, gruesome, and somewhat cartoony.And this game has it too, but it also has every good aspect that Souls had.But it's not a ripoff, oh now.This game has enough of it's own content to NOT be considerent a ripoff.First of all, this game has covenants too, yes, but now they're called Creeds and they're one of the basis of gameplay.You see, every Creed has it's own special things and specializes in different things.Every covenant even has their own replenishable healing items which act differently, and i'm not even talking about abillity to get into your posession through covenant leader such things as Stamina recoverers, throwable items and buff items, which all replenish when visiting the Sanctuary (but only of your own creed, every other creed's sanctuary will have the items that you may got while working for them).Or, what about combat?It's much more awesome than in Souls.Not only you can do secret COMBOS with almost any weapons, it also has two different ways of parrying (traditional and bloodborne method that actually now works with crossbows too) AND you can attack in air.Leveling Up became much more complicated. Much. More.With every level you now get a Pearl that you can use to get nods in you Skill tree. Each nod has something different, like raising your one stat by one point, up to 3 on one node, or leveling up your specialty in, for example, whips, which also raises your agility by some points. Yes, now you don't need stats to wield someithng, but you need to be more leveled in that category, which even includes armor. I don't really like that much, but it's interesting, at least it's different from souls.Everything in the skill tree, even the ammount of healing items you can carry (you can also raise them at Creed's leader, though, but only for a creed).Also, i could say that this game is really a metroidvania, it even has abillities which needed for progression, like wall jump. Which is cool, i like that.But the most important part in this game for me was it's lore, world, plot, all that.I won't say much but i'm really, really interested in this world. I want to know more. About the island, about the world, about salt, about everything.This game is my favourite ""Souls"" game right now, and probalby will be forever.I'm deeply in love with it, and i can not recommend it enough.Good work, Ska Studios.p.s. WHERE'S THE DISHWASHER? I WAS WAITING FOR IT FOR SEVERAL YEARS NOW SINCE THAT INCIDENT HAPPENED, WHERE IS IT?!"
,Recommended,283640,24346704,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Thelookoutpoint,"It's Dark Souls. Simple as that. But since Dark Souls pretty much ruined gaming for me (my standards are now super high), I'd consider Salt and Sanctuary a must buy for any Souls' fans. Especially since no more Souls games will be coming out.9/10Five stars10/10100/100Most accessable Souls-like game yet."
76561198035280518,Recommended,283640,23149481,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nazarekt,"♥♥♥♥ The Witch of the Lake!Besides that it is a great game for Castlevania/Souls fans or both. This game really captures the magical feeling of Dark Souls, for every step you take you are either closer to safety or your own demise."
,Recommended,283640,23061099,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rinera,"It's basically Dark Souls but in 2D. That's... not bad at all honestly.The game has a great artstyle that brings out the whole grim feeling that you'd get while playing Dark Souls. The human characters (yours and NPCs) look weirdly out of place but I guess there is some reason for that somewhere, seen as the rest of the models look okay.Combat rewards both the fast paced gameplay and the methodical and slow approach, though since the game has only two dimensions, it becomes trickier to move around in case you screw up. Generally you can perform some cool moves both on the ground and in the air, like a beat-em-up game so to speak, but you also have a Stamina meter.Thing is that I felt like my ""dodging"" options were limited, but it promotes other ideas like parrying and blocking, which you'll need since enemies can go into attacking loops.Something to concider would be the leveling system and how you can unlock certain perks on the Tree Skill that they have going on. Instead of a bland ""+1 on stat"", you get to unlock which weapons you can wield, which armour you can wear, etc etc. I'd argue that leveling up in this game feels more rewarding than Souls games due to your required control over your character's build.But overall, it just comes down to whether you would be okay with a 2D Souls-like game or not. Personally, I was not, but I didn't think the game was bad."
,Recommended,283640,23156754,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kypt,"Loved this game in PS4 and had to get it on PC as well.  Game is pretty much a Metroidvania 2D Souls game.  For people unfamiliar with Dark Souls or its brethren this game is challenging but never unfair.  For people expecting JUST a metroidvania game expect combat to be more costly than others.You'll see a few people saying the combat feels ""clunky"" here and that's due to them not really understanding how it works and just want to button mash.  Each swing of your sword/whip/hammer/reaper/axe/spear will go through it's full animation before you can do anything else.  You can't just spam attack as it will leave you open for attacks.  Bosses are frustratingly awesome in that you NEED to learn their attack patterns and exploit them.  All in all it's a great game if you like games like these.  Highly recommended."
76561198062097573,Recommended,283640,26685592,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Huldrych,"If you loved getting forced ♥♥♥♥ed from every possible direction until you loved it in 3D (Dark Souls), you'll also love it 2D.But seriously, the game is amazing, and for hardcore Dark Souls fans like me this certainly has a feel to it with welcome innovations in its own well crafted style.I'm also serious about the first thing. FORCED. ♥♥♥♥ED.You've been warned."
76561198085441539,Recommended,283640,32032622,Posted: 28 May,all,Derpmander,"I'm Commander Shepard, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
76561198098962488,Recommended,283640,28833818,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yann,we need muiltiplayer onlineplease!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,31405308,Posted: 27 April,all,Relaxed Frost,I lost my virginity to the first boss.
76561198012023582,Recommended,283640,31591301,Posted: 6 May,all,lewrker,"Great metroidvania title with a dark theme and amazing gameplay, music and art."
76561198018367507,Recommended,283640,25919528,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Zoulsgaming,Game is absolutely awesome for those who played DS and liked it. What are you waiting for! its on sale! Just. DO IT!
,Recommended,283640,24005759,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fedya,A fantastic 2D rendition of a Soulsian game that caters greatly to my Metroidvania/Dark Souls gaming palete.★★★★★
76561198018071468,Recommended,283640,30623122,Posted: 19 March,all,mjro7,one of the best games i ever played even in 2D !
,Recommended,283640,26062829,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,the bone zone,better than dark souls 2
,Recommended,283640,29881514,Posted: 12 February,all,*Yuki*,Crafted greatscissors@DONT LOOOSE YOOUR WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
,Recommended,283640,23150773,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,David,"I was looking for something similar to Dark Souls, and I've found it. It is clearely inspired by it... but does it's own thing, which I love.I have had a hard time putting the game down since I bought it. The best $16 I've ever spent, frankly. If you love Dark Souls and want something new... you MUST get this game."
,Recommended,283640,23044962,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ashes,So far everything I met either wanted to kill me or said some convuluted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and vanished...just like my dad.
,Recommended,283640,23055739,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Akumetsu,Praise the salt¿
,Recommended,283640,30565549,Posted: 17 March,all,Azuriad,I honestly want an expansion. Thats the best review I can give this game.
76561198111882037,Recommended,283640,30567102,Posted: 17 March,all,Wham!,The 2D Dark Souls you never knew you needed.
76561198008139499,Recommended,283640,30757505,Posted: 26 March,all,MadGent,"I wholeheartedly recomend this title.If your a fan of metroidvania style games, Dark Souls or both this is a must.Full of hidden depth and content with many secret ways and means to achieve an end game victory, solid and very enjoyable mechanics overall with the classic RPG class system reworked with a skill tree type of progresion which gives you a level of customizabilty (along with the large amounts of clothing/armor and weapon choices as well as magic) that will keep you making characters and replaying for a long time.Completely worth the price tag.(Also I think this was made by two people :o very impressive)"
,Recommended,283640,31681392,Posted: 11 May,all,Dr. Doctor,"Great metroidvania game that has a lot of dark souls features. Bit of gore in it too.If you like metroidvania game, dark souls, and a bit of gore, it's almost guaranteed that you'll like it.At least I did. Actually, loved it."
,Recommended,283640,29180998,Posted: 11 January,all,Idlewild,"It's pretty much a 2D Dark Souls game, it's really fun and addicting. I highly recommend it if you're into that kind of soup combo"
76561198116750962,Recommended,283640,31825711,Posted: 18 May,all,Bobby with the Tool,Praise the salt!
,Recommended,283640,31790949,Posted: 16 May,all,Pixelfetish,"Oh, wow! Where should I start?What is not godly about this game?The fact that they did this as a married couple,and built their own fairytale home,this game does make you feel the vibes.It is pure love.I won't simply categorize Salt & Sanctuary, split it in its part,which do work out or not, its not a melted pot,nor a out-of-the-box reciepe, with all pieces included.But Salt & Sanctuary works.Not only because its copying heavily from Dark Souls series.A lot of games would do this.It's those things you hardly can see,this ridiculous amount of small things,which define the amount of passion and heart you put into it.And Salt & Sanctuary is full of it.It's like you are invited to their wedding,the buffet is delicious, the ambience and mood overwhelming,the music sounds like Coldplay, everybody is dancing, joy,and oh....you just catched the garter.I like this wedding days. And Salt and Sanctuary."
,Recommended,283640,27369575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ryanedits ッ,"If you enjoy Dark Souls games, you will most likely enjoy this game as well, but don't expect a straight-up DS clone. There are a lot of important differences between the two, the most obvious difference being that S&S is 2D; of course there are differences in control schemes as well. S&S offers a bit more challenge imo and the lore is a lot more obscure to the point where you may not think it even has lore if you're not paying attention. Unlike DS, there is no clear path through S&S and there are significantly less items than DS. All things considered, this is a great game for a DS fan, but is quite a bit different from a traditional DS clone."
,Recommended,283640,27373678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rokkuhaato,"Picked this up on Playstation Network before it came to Steam, beat it, then picked it up for steam because its a good game. Its 2D Dark Souls, not much more to say about it. Its just good.Play it."
76561198005684115,Recommended,283640,27596067,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oenai,"Dark Souls + Metroidvania done right.I think it's fair to say that if you like these two genres, you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't play this game.What an incredible surprise this game was. Really blew me away. I bought this game on recommendation from some guys online who love Dark Souls and I was sort of worried I might not enjoy it... GAME IS SO GOOD!!!!- Tight controls, great combat - seriously great: Parry, Counters, Dodging, Combos, Magic (!!), good fighting requires learning about your opponent and calculating the right times to act and how to act.- Great level design (one giant world with lots of loops like Dark Souls 1 - very, very good!)- Magic is just great, really surprised me with this one. I decided to go mage and had a blast but also still had a good challenge.- METROIDVANIA!! Dark Souls + Metroidvania... I cannot stop weeping. Two of my favorite genres of game design... my tears are great.- Bosses... wow. This really got me. There are so many well designed bosses - not pushovers at all. Some are optional, but all of them are excellent.- The art. At first, I thought it was a little weird, but the art did grow on me. It's weird and creepy and perfect for this setting.- The lore! This is hidden mostly, kind of like Dark Souls (in the right ways). The strange bits are tied together near the end, though. Very interesting story as it turns out and I actually enjoyed it :)10/10, highly recommend"
,Recommended,283640,27861140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,blax,Metroidvania with the punishing combat of a Dark Souls game. The game looks fine except for the NPC and character models which look like they were lifted from a elementary-schooler's deviant art.
76561198048241684,Recommended,283640,29419927,Posted: 22 January,all,Blacksad,"Really great game, much better than anticipated. I wasn't a fan of the art style initially, but it's an exceptional game having been made by two people. The art style grows on you, to be sure. The animations are great, bosses are cool, and while obviously having been influenced by DS, it's something alltogether it's own. For the price, I'm blown away. If you like Metroidvania games, dark fantasy games, etc. I'd suggest giving it a go. Really impressed with these guys."
76561198309372748,Recommended,283640,31733486,Posted: 13 May,all,dewshick,"This game has style. Music is where it should be and is the way it should be. Monsters are monsters, and bosses are scary. Story is touching, there's something fundamental behind the gods of game world. Gameplay can be different, there's secrets, multiple playable classes, gods to pray, loot to gather and RPG elements. You will need to find a way to deal with every enemy, think it through, otherwise you're dead. Game is big enough to enterain you, but still it feels as a whole game with perfectly kept and touching atmosphere.On the negative side, I sometimes got lost in endless platforms, and tired of jumping around (that's always my problem with metroid-like games)."
76561197962262883,Recommended,283640,30911022,Posted: 2 April,all,namhod,"No hand holding here. Play the game, die a lot, it is fun."
,Recommended,283640,30823285,Posted: 29 March,all,KingOfTheRock,"This game is 100% worth the price, and I would highly recommend it to anybody.I've never played any Dark Souls game before, but picked up Salt and Sanctuary while trying to build up my game library. When I got around to playing it, I was instantly a huge fan.The combat in the game is smooth and fun to master. I was a huge fan of the overall atmosphere and art style. There is also an impressive amount of lore hidden in the descriptions for items, monsters, etc."
,Recommended,283640,32099772,Posted: 31 May,all,Kazakhstan,The best Dark Souls game you can get that's not Dark Souls.
,Recommended,283640,32024357,Posted: 28 May,all,Zverd,Great game
,Recommended,283640,32193851,Posted: 5 June,all,JDF8,"The best 2d sidescroller RPG I have ever played, hands down"
76561198128590698,Recommended,283640,26721089,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Shadowblade,"I didnt expect much, seeing as how it was basically a 2D version of Dark Souls, but MAN this game is additing, the soundtrack for the boss battles just sounds so epic. As for difficulty it basically shares the same rage inducing crap. Though they don't throw ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t placement of foes. I highly reccomend it"
76561198070850662,Recommended,283640,32890692,Posted: 27 June,all,zexxal,Prepare to get salty.
,Recommended,283640,32964267,Posted: 28 June,all,Gralsritter V,Fun
76561198064374634,Recommended,283640,29079997,Posted: 6 January,all,Yewds,Pretty much 2D Dark Souls. 8.5/10 would Salt again.
,Recommended,283640,31516396,Posted: 2 May,all,Monger,"Immersive as all getout and the art style really draws you in.   I'm not a big 2D fan, but this game has a soul, and it's a very dark soul.Sound track is stunning and compliments whatever you're doing.   This is a great game to play on the TV with some friends, passing the controller and drinking and talking."
76561198047912961,Recommended,283640,33146971,Posted: 2 July,all,Tanelon,So much salt and just enough sanctuary.
76561198080714338,Recommended,283640,33137239,Posted: 2 July,all,Loop Feed Repeat,"This game is much more like castlevania than  dark souls. Not bad, not bad at all."
,Recommended,283640,30413490,Posted: 9 March,all,Aleth,"EDIT: Finished the game in 11 hours. It was far more enjoyable than since my first not recommended review. I didn't have any issue with platforming since, except for some stupid deaths but that wasn't that hard. You get used to the art direction, although it took its time, at least to me. But some areas are really cool, like the Mire, and the tomb of the dead gods. Final boss music was cool too, and so was the fight. The riff guitar music is still annoying as hell though. There's still some cheap things to me but now that I finished the game, I can say that I was wrong and blinded by THE SALT. YEAH, SALT.I'm now on NG+ btw, that's a good way to tell that I'll still play the game and see how the challenge goes. Sorry for that first review, I will delete this completely in order to make a proper one.OLD SALTY REVIEW:Can't recommend this poor game. I never liked Dishwasher but after playing Hollow Knight, I wanted to go for another metroidvania and since I love Dark Souls, I went for this one. I really have no idea why i didn't refund when I've got the opportunity, maybe because the game was kinda fun at first. But 8 hours in and now it's b*lls**t platforming with stupid controls, sometimes walljump doesn't even work, sometimes grabing a ledge doesn't EVEN WORK.But hey, ""we want our game to be difficult and a 2D copy of Dark Souls"", surely said the devs.Dark Souls is fair. When you get wrecked by an enemy, a boss, it's because you didn't pay attention and you went full greedy mode.Salt and Sanctuary isn't fair. It's cheap as ♥♥♥♥. The beginning of the game is cool, you get familiarized with the gameplay, you get your butt kicked many times but you still find a way to beat those enemies. But past a certain point, when you unlock walljump and cloud platform, the game becomes a mess. And by that, i mean, a HUGE MESS. Controls are harder to respond, and now, enemies are flying everywhere and even the smallest enemy can kick you out of the ground and poof ! You fall into a pit or at the bottom of a stair, leading to your death.Oh, that's so nice of you devs. Not because the game is called Salt and Sanctuary that you need to f**k with your customers. The only thing you did right in this game is the salt system and somewhat, the money system. NPCS aren't interesting enough and art design is poor, except for some good looking areas (the lake, for example, with its stupid boss).Talking about the bosses, there are plenty yes. Some are ridiculously easy, some other are a real pain in the chocolate hole. ""but why ?""Well, because like KEN from Street Fighter IV, they have a pretty good recovery and it means sometimes you can't even hit the boss without getting hit too. And yes, since you can't upgrade your vitality, the HP bar is poor.Well, actually, we don't care about HP right, when bosses can outplay you in one spamming magic teleguided attack, or in the best case, 2 hits.And sometimes, you're force to play into an arena, limited by the camera of course, but the boss decides to go offscreen and spam his b**lsh*t.Yeah, right, game.I'll force myself to finish the game since I still wanna know the end of the story, but won't be playing for extra content and NG+. Because, ♥♥♥♥ that game.If you wanna go for a good metroidvania, play Hollow Knight instead. It's fun, it's cute and serious at the same time, it's not a copy of Dark Souls even if it's inspired by Dark Souls. This game isn't trying to surpass Dark Souls, controls are perfect, the music is marvelous (and not that stupid guitar riff you hear sometimes in Salt and Sanctuary : ""MOM, I CAN PLAY GUITAR !""), it's difficult sometimes but it's still FAIR.Salt and Sanctuary is nothing. Nice try SKA studio, you won't have anymore money from me."
76561198053225666,Recommended,283640,29387801,Posted: 20 January,all,smokytehbear,"Pretty much everything an RPG/Platformer hybrid should be.Breakdown:Touted as the 2D version of Dark Souls (which I have yet to play) seemingly everywhere, this game is full of a wonderfully depressing and cold atmosphere from your character's trek from the shipwrecked shores to every withered and abandoned old location on the island. While the storyline itself may not be all that deep or full of details, the aesthetic will more than make up for the gaunt narrative and keep you very engaged in what's happening. The level design is fantastic, and the enemies (particularly the many bosses) all with distinct flavors restore faith that today's fantasy can still be dark, brooding, and heavy, and not just ridiculous scenes of elves skateboarding down elephant trunks while shooting orcs.Despite falling victim occasionally to two of the cardinal ""ways to make a platformer instantly not fun"", the controls for the most part are very responsive and easy to learn, leaving most of the skill to timing and strategy, as platforming should be. The RPG elements are well placed as well, and find a good balance between build diversity without winding up a glorified rock-paper-scissors match.Drawbacks and things to consider:This is both an RPG and a platformer in true terms. Not a drawback at all, unless one of those isn't your type of game.As mentioned above, the combat can occasionally drift into two easy problems many platformers have: stunlocks, and being knocked around like a pinball. Stunlocks work both ways, with some enemies that are supposed to be difficult easily being cheesed by just mashing X, and vice versa some enemies that just whack you every single time you just got off the ground, making it an unofficial one-shot. Pinballing happens with some enemies that do almost no damage but knock you off a ledge to your immediate death with a single blow. Pinballing is way less common than stunlocks in this game, with neither showing up too much, but I feel compelled to include their mention, as at least in my opinion, taking all control away from the player and giving them no way to fight back can quickly lead to great frustration.Dying a whole lot isn't a bad thing. I feel like everyone wants a game to be a challenge, so long as they feel it's actually still possible. What is never a good thing however, are weirdly placed checkpoints that force you to retrace steps before getting back to where you were. I don't mean the ones with enemies on the path, I mean when you literally just walk or jump around for five minutes with no threats. Minor complaint.The art is amazing, and would be perfect if not for the cartoon look of the human characters that seem straight out of Cook, Serve, Delicious!'s customer line. Seriously I don't get this part, when everything else was done so well. I recommend just wearing a full helmet to solve the problem.Verdict:A unique experience is rare in games today, and this one actually delivers. This game is a lot of fun, with memorable bosses. I recommend it strongly."
,Recommended,283640,32198039,Posted: 5 June,all,Mr. Widyan,Such a great game!!!
,Recommended,283640,33061827,Posted: 30 June,all,fei,"Excellent game, basically Dark Souls as a platformer, with 2 players local coop."
,Recommended,283640,33092277,Posted: 1 July,all,OneRaven,"The Short AmswerIf you likeDark Soulsand you like 2D action games, buySalt and Sanctuary.The GoodHuge, interconnected worldMeaty Soulsborne-style combatInteresting character progression20+ hour playthrough lengthThe BadTricky platforming + falling damage + Soulsborne death system = frustrationCo-op is local onlyLow enemy and boss varietyExplains its mechanics even less than DS1The Longwinded ReviewSalt and Sanctuaryis unquestionably a game for fans of Dark Souls, particularly Dark Souls 1. S&S ports the core experience of Dark Souls 1 to two dimensions quite faithfully, warts and all. While this includes things like a satisfying combat system and a growing sense of wonder and exploration, it also includes annoyances such as unexplained mechanics and a tendency to leave you struggling to figure out where to go and how various mechanics work. Many elements have direct equivilencies: Dark Souls' Covenants take the form of Creeds; Bonfires are Sanctuaries, and Souls are Salt. The equipment upgrade system is also lifted nearly directly fromDark Souls.Sanctuaryisn't afraid to show its influences.Sanctuarydoes offer some innovations compared its inspirations. Rather than a singular currency,Sanctuarysplits its drops into Gold, which is used to purchase items, and Salt, which is used to level up and upgrade gear. Level progression takes the form of a skill tree rather than plain stat increases, and weapons and armor require specific skill nodes rather than raw stats to equip. Creeds also have more wide-reaching effects than even Souls 1's rather involved Covenants, although asSanctuarymakes little effort to explain them many players will likely find themselves in need of wiki guidance.Sanctuary'sbiggest weaknesses are its enemies and levels. While the combat is fun, there is little variety in both standard enemies' and bosses' behaviors, meaning that you'll likely repeat the same strategy for enemy after enemy and boss after boss. The levels are detailed and challenging, but the similarity of many rooms, the limits of the 2D perspective, and the lack of a map can make navigating a pain. The platforming sections can also be unnecessarily frustrating, especially when platforms start collapsing or popping in and out, and a missed jump or an enemy projectile sends you falling to your doom and loses you both time and resources. Luckily, the hardest platforming sections tend to restrict themselves to inflicting moderate falling damage rather than killing the player outright, but it's not guaranteed. Another problem with the levels is that the traps - usually in the form of pressure plates and tripwirse - are often frustratingly hard to see against the busy textures of the floor, even when you know they're there.Sanctuaryalso makes the decision to spawn enemies from nothing rather than having them visible in the world to a careful observer, which can interfere with the sense of fair play that Soulsborne games tend to cultivate.While that may seem like a lot of complaints, they are not severe, and I had a lot of fun in my first playthrough and plan to do another. It took me just over 25 hours on my save to beat the game, which is likely on the long side as I spent a significant amount of time wandering about looking under every corner for secrets. For dedicated fans ofDarl Souls, especially fans of the original,Salt and Sanctuaryis a must by."
76561198170307589,Recommended,283640,33166263,Posted: 2 July,all,madman3500,"Do you like souls like games ? Do you like metroidvania games ? This right here is the PERFECT mix of the two ! 10/10 !!Many people like to say that salt and sanctuary is just "" 2d dark souls "" . It's not . Quite franky it is not. It does borrow heavily from souls . Elements like environmental story telling/ story telling through npcs and the combat system  but puts a real good spin on souls mechanics .Salt and Sanctuary also has a really good story . Although none of the big youtubers covered any of the lore you may be delighted to know that dedicated fans have took it upon themselves to compile an entire book named "" the drowned tome "" which explains all the games locations , characters, history etc. There's also a walkthrough on youtube which focuses on telling the lore of the game as they play it. Not interested ? NO worries you can always dig up lore on your own if thats what you want to do !See ? thats the kind of love we fans have for this game. The devs themselves ska studios are still updating the game with translations , new animations etc.  so you know you are in good hands if you decide to give this game a go.Overall it is a REALLY AMAZING experience ! :D"
,Recommended,283640,28601463,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Brahlam,"Your skill isnt enough to beat Dark Souls like mine? Well then this is for you. It limits the whole Dark Souls experience to 2D and combines it with a lot of Ctuhulhu feeling.But! Theres always progression! Also I think there are still some mysteries I didnt discover yet, also there are multiple clases and a neat really huge skill tree, which allows to develop your char like you want.Also its quite addictive. :-)"
76561198041594037,Recommended,283640,28533007,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Level 3 Shiny Pidgey,"With 60+ hours into the game, I have beaten the story (both endings) and have experienced most, if not all of the content the game has to offer. If you like games that are ruthless, punish you when you die but reward you if you can learn your environment and enemies, then it should be right up your alley.This game definitely has a lot of the Dark Souls series' elements to it. I'd say it is the metroid-vania take to the series (which makes me like it better personally).Here are my thoughts, the good and the bad:Pros:- Harsh gameplay, both enemies and environments- The art style and overall darnkess to the game- The classes, weapons, and skill tree will give you a huge variety of options to play with- Brutal boss fights- Great poise system- You really feel accomplished when you finally overcome an obstacle- Great replayability (New Game + after you beat the game)- The mystery surrounding the islandCons:- Not gonna lie, your character isn't the only thing that will get salty while playing this- The game won't hold your hand, which can make it hard for new players to get into without a sense of direction- The ability to refund in your skill tree requires a certain item, and the deeper you get invested, the harder it is to change direction. This isn't necessarily bad, but for characters you have invested a ton of time into, you basically have to commit to the path you end up deciding on.Overall I think this is a great game, if not one of my favorite RPGs for the genre. Personally, I only recommend the game as I have enjoyed my time playing it (bar the occasional saltiness ;P). If you like platformers and RPGs, give it a try!"
,Recommended,283640,28865859,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Big Pump,This game makes me so salty
76561198119763213,Recommended,283640,30628721,Posted: 19 March,all,mateor,very good
,Recommended,283640,30621791,Posted: 19 March,all,Peridork,"Pretty fun and challenging, it's essentially a dark souls side scroller"
76561198057841393,Recommended,283640,30658670,Posted: 21 March,all,xitoahc,"Implements a great combination of Castlevania and Dark Souls style gameplay, without the heavy grind of the Dark Souls series."
76561197985970667,Recommended,283640,30681436,Posted: 23 March,all,DarkJ-Freak,A must have !
76561198137799271,Recommended,283640,28530024,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Darkness,Too much saltiness in one game. I approve it 9/11
76561198042501471,Recommended,283640,31842100,Posted: 19 May,all,Wasden,"Best $10 I have ever spent(Got on Sale, would of paided full price though if I knew it was this amazing).I started this game at 6pm....Made a mage, noticed magic was useless at lower levels.started working on sword skills in skill tree.got lost, found a cliff with a bottle next to it.read it, said jump to get past door.I jumped.... lost 3000 salt.I would Start as a mage who doesn't use magic and jump off a cliff again."
76561198283975088,Recommended,283640,34224189,Posted: 13 August,all,MC.RIB.2008,"THE GOOD-Combat is tight and responsive. With a variety and intuition that borrows heavily from the Souls series.-Visuals are dark and atmospheric contributing to the overall tone of the game and making it a more daunting experience.-The musical score is implemented in an impactful way by being reserved primarily for boss fights.-The game map borrows from the best of metroidvania, encouraging backtracking and exploration but never overstaying it's welcome.-RPG mechanics ensure that there is always purpose behind each new enemy, boss, or item discovery.THE BAD-Boss fights borrow heavily from the souls series but don't always translate well to 2D. This is because they occupy such a large portion of the screen which makes manuevering and avoiding attacks difficult. Making boss fights feel unfair and clunky at times.-While there is a large amount of lore present, I never felt that burning desire to delve into it because the characters lacked... character.-Platforms would occasionally be misleading making for a few frustrating sections where the solution was uneccesarily confusing.OVERALLSalt and Sanctuary is an impressive demonstration of great indie game design. This should be a must have on any fan of the souls genre or indie scene.SCORE(8/10)"
76561198044511522,Recommended,283640,31796463,Posted: 16 May,all,GrayGriffonKnight,"Take darksouls, and make it a sidescrolling metroivaina and You've got ""Salt and Sanctuary"" it's an excellent game with a uniuqe and fun take on gameplay from both of it's parent genre's.Local muliplayer is sweet too.I sincerely can't recomend this enough!"
,Recommended,283640,34460382,Posted: 24 August,all,deathwings51,I can't even beat the first boss. It is that good. Or maybe I just suck. Probably the latter. But the game is good nonetheless.
,Recommended,283640,26583313,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,soap,"I like this game, but I also don't like it. If there's anything this review should teach you, it's this : ""Salt and Sanctuary is a good game"". Now boy I have a lot of complaining to do.Have you played this nice little game called Dark Souls? It's pretty fun, you should give it a try. If you have played it and decided to see what Salt and Sanctuary had to offer, you might or might not realize that Dark Souls inspired a few elements and design decisions in this game. Did I say a few? I meant the whole thing. Bosses, gameplay, NPCs, builds, world, EVERYTHING looks like it could have been copy pasted from a real Souls game.I know this is all intended, I know you're supposed to see it as ""heavily inspired by Dark Souls"". But it just feels like theft, and makes the game look like it has no soul for me (Did you see what I just did there? Man I'm funny). Sure, the world and enemies are original, and the gameplay is kinda different because of the 2D. But the devs went too far in my opinion. There are mechanics from DS that have been implemented in S&S even though they make no sense : a sin system that does nothing (it had to do with multiplayer in DS), covenants (how useful), NPC quests (bad rewards and forgettable personalities), weapon scaling (doesn't work well at all with the tree of skill system)... And even when stolen design elements do work, they're still ripped off from another game, something I personally dislike very much.You could just say I'm making a big deal out of that whole Dark Souls thing, and that it doesn't really matter. 'cause the game is great. The world is good and connected, I really like the lore, the gameplay isn't bad, the music is neat, I shouldn't have that much to complain about to begin with. It's just that it all feels bittersweet.Okay I just have to mention this though. Am I the only one who finds some of the bosses' names funny? Like 12 year-old aspiring writer edgy? Hoo, the Crazed Alchemist, watch out he's crazy! Or the Untouched Inquisitor, who just made me laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off when I saw it (perfect name for a sexually frustrated priest in my humble opinion). No? Just me? Ok cool.To conclude  : if you don't like Dark Souls, don't play this game. If you haven't played Dark Souls, dude, you should. If you have played Dark Souls, it's very likely you'll like this game, if you don't mind the whole ""ripoff"" thing. Also ♥♥♥♥ the Witch of the Lake"
76561198275335921,Recommended,283640,29599033,Posted: 30 January,all,狗蛋,we need chinese language plz_(:D」∠)_
76561198049847523,Recommended,283640,28889667,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Grave,"As someone who played dark souls 1-2 on xbox religiously when they came out, Salt and Sanctuary brought it back. It feels just as dark souls 1 did when i first played it and that makes it worth the money by itself. Even though this game is basically a 2D dark souls, it does bring in alot of different elements that dark souls lacked. A combo system, skill trees, and the sactuary system.Its hard for me to really describe what this game is like but if you are thinking about getting it, DO IT.Any fan of dark souls will love this game and even if you just like the 2D aspect of this, give it a try. 10/10 WOULD SALT AGAIN"
,Recommended,283640,29593425,Posted: 30 January,all,Lord Dankironi,2D Dark soulsnuff said
,Recommended,283640,28366278,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Soufen,\[T]/ Praise the Suuuuuuuuaaaaalt.
,Recommended,283640,31281759,Posted: 21 April,all,Ashslayer,"I do not like 2D games.I like this game.This game gets my approval.But seriously this is a difficult, yet rewarding game to play. The first 3 bosses gave me trouble and the others I killed on the first try because of what I learned in the previous fights. It also helped that I more than doubled the damage on my weapon :PLots of people compare this to Dark Souls, and yes it has a few things similar to it, but the gameplay is very different in my opinion. Specially the 2D aspect of it makes dodging a lot more difficult and the enemies here can attack at average speed or lightning quick. There is no room for mistakes here, specially early on when healing is limited.This brings me to the last thing I want to mention from my first impression: The skill tree. Oh my oh my it felt overwhelming at first, but then I realized it was rather simple. I just had to find the final node I wanted and trace it back down towards the center and then I realized I could reach class 5/5 swordfighter within the first 5 hours of the game if I wanted to. This actually feels great. It doesn't take too long to get anywhere but of course it gets more expensive as it goes on. There's truly so much freedom in how you build your character and I love it. It's essentially a simpler version of what path of exile uses and that is a great thing.Alright I'm ready with some cons for this game:-some enemies leave no time for healing between attacking/getting staggered at all. I do consider this a flaw in games that are about the combat-some bosses have uneven models and don't turn around their center, which severely changes their hitbox in a split second. This is very poor design in my opinion-the game can easily be beaten before you can wear a full set of class 4 armor due to its weight/endurance problems :(With how cheap the game is, you just can't go wrong though. I'm rating it based on what it is regardless of price and I say this game scores no less than 8/10."
76561198027374663,Recommended,283640,25960074,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GARBAGE DADDY,"An excellent Souls-like game in 2D, but with enough of its own innovations to stand next to it!"
,Recommended,283640,26022962,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tim Chaos the Bus Driver,"As someone who loves the gameplay of Dark Souls but couldn't quite fall in love with the dreary, familiar setting, this was an interesting diversion.If you love Dark Souls or side scrollers, this is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,283640,26226073,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,roguekttn,"Having just beat NG+ I'd say I've had a blast with this game. It's been a maze to figure out, but its been a hell of a lot of fun. Just don't get too salty, it takes some getting used to."
76561198014354399,Recommended,283640,26531292,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kesus,"2d dark souls.If you hated dark souls, then don't buy."
,Recommended,283640,28221399,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,tanukihat,"The closest thing to a non-From Dark Souls game, and in beautiful TWO DIMENSIONS!"
,Recommended,283640,30017149,Posted: 18 February,all,Flamingo,Essentially 2D Dark Souls. Just as brutal and easier to digest with a friend. This is worth every penny spent on this game.
76561198070126792,Recommended,283640,25927929,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,johndoe1927,"This game is brutal. The atmoshpere, the storyline, the gameplay, it all is designed to crush your soul. Use it. Use the pain, the despair, the fear. Kill god. Eat him."
76561198063144655,Recommended,283640,26470056,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DJiNN,Now i can get Rekt in 2D !10/10 would be obliterated again
76561198016735960,Recommended,283640,26543225,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dworvin,this game makes it to my top 10 Its fantastic multiplayer. Its got that good amount of difficulty and love playing it.
76561198005590125,Recommended,283640,26369043,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lazy-Bonez,"If you have played Dishwasher on xbox and also a fan of DarkSouls series, give this game a try."
,Recommended,283640,26447925,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Brotato,Like Dark Souls and Castelvania had a baby.
76561198062095052,Recommended,283640,26470289,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,redjay71,"VERY addicting 2D Souls-like game with a salty, satisfying crunch."
,Recommended,283640,26593719,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rasp D Bugbear,"Some where between metrovania and dark souls. It plays fairly solid, is fairly hard, and full of a lot of interesting bits of lore. There are some areas where a bit of polish be nice, but on the whole it worth playing."
,Recommended,283640,26618737,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zhai,"A fun, 2D, Dark Souls-esque game. Has elements of Castlevania and Metroid, which make for fun exploration. Character building is fun and varied. The art is beautiful."
76561198225270856,Recommended,283640,28221430,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,wasabichuck,For those of the Dark Soulsie in mind meeting with a medicore Sonic the hedge hog. Or I'm just out of it. your call.
76561198008534531,Recommended,283640,28242084,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,zonemagorgo,"Glow brightly, Saltborn."
,Recommended,283640,28436350,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Alayen,Step 1: DieStep 2: Eat Salty ChipsStep 3: Get SweatyStep 4: SALT GOD HAS BEEN BORN ALL HAIL THE ALL SALTY
,Recommended,283640,29488709,Posted: 25 January,all,FadeAway47,Dark soul ? Praise the salt ! Amazing chest ahead . Good fun .
76561198041572087,Recommended,283640,29677781,Posted: 3 February,all,Nick,A must for any souls fan.
76561198030662878,Recommended,283640,29754629,Posted: 6 February,all,Kard Kollektor,Dark Souls in 2D. Amazing gameplay and lore.
76561198169729101,Recommended,283640,28857477,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Von Alucard,This game is fantastic! The game is challenging but that is what makes games fun. This game is a 2D version of Dark Souls. I recommend to buy this game.
,Recommended,283640,28862524,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Toms3rino,"I was blown away with this games artistic design and unique combat. It runs like Dark Souls but as a 2D Platformer. For warning, its very difficult and you will get salty momentarily."
,Recommended,283640,24346349,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Eremita Silvano,Salt for the good playersSanctuary for the bad ones
,Recommended,283640,29306230,Posted: 16 January,all,Brothello,"Have you ever been playing Dark Souls and thought to yourself, ""I wish enemies couldn't sneek up behind me.""BoomSalt and Sanctuary."
76561198035687714,Recommended,283640,27900829,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrTibss,"This game is the most infuriating expirience i have ever encountered, even more so than Dark Souls, Darkest Dungeon, all of them. it is increadibly confusing to navigate, there are terrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moves that so many enemies can on hit you with, the bosses are absoulte ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and there is nothing you can do to fix yourself or improve your skills beyond minor level adjustments. I cannot begin to convay how much this game infuriates me with blind, impotent rage, and that is why it is the most fun i have had in a long time with a game like this, because there is no expiriance like baring down on a boss for literal hours and wearing them out until you finally strike the final blow and that feeling is better than any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ you could ever expiriance."
,Recommended,283640,28112718,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,Thirsty for a sequel.. please... make one. I NEED IT
76561198165135478,Recommended,283640,35036222,Posted: 17 September,all,Some gamer on the internet,"This game get's everything like for a Dark Souls type game. Sure it may be 2D and the character models aren't that pleasent to look at. But the game as clear evident effort put in and pride. The animations are flawless and easy to learn how to dodge each attack. Bosses aren't easy or impossibly hard. The game does things better than Dark Souls when it comes to play styles being done right. Nothing in the game feels frustrating to play, you get 100% control over what you want your character to be. Each level is designed with thought. (If you can call the areas levels then hell yeah.) I highly recommend this to any Souls fans. Also the game get's combat done better than Dark Souls could ever it even uses Bonfires in a different way in the form of sanctuaries that are actually nice to be around."
76561198066520275,Recommended,283640,34750175,Posted: 4 September,all,NADS,Awesome what such a small team could acomplish
76561198129359024,Recommended,283640,30146356,Posted: 24 February,all,PiranhaPig,"I really don't know if i should recommend this game... It's a lotta fun, but some of the game mechanics are just so frustrating.The negatives:Not being able to fast travel to every checkpoint without placing a certain item there, it just makes backtracking annoying. When you wanna go back to an area because you just gained wall jumps or whatever, you sometimes can't. That's stupid. You'll have to teleport to a different checkpoint, walk to where you gotta go, and yada yada, that's 20 minutes you're never getting back. Also, as a bonus, you can get knocked off of edges by enemies or just get killed by them, making the walk even longer.Also, some of the bosses, they just suck. A few are so easy you can't tell if you've stumbled into an earlier area since you just 3 shot it,some bosses are so hard because of stupid attacks that one shot you or throw you off some dumb edge. I think it's safe to say i hated 80% of the bosses.The positives:Movement is fun, dashing and wall jumping makes it less tedious, if only a little, to backtrack to earlier areas. The regular monsters are a lot of fun to fight, with satisfying effects when you kill them.The platforming is solid, for the most part, with clever intigration of the abilities you gain throughout the game.Every weapon i've used has some fun combo's to learn and use in bosses. Not fighting game level complex combo's,but more like a cross between fighting game and action game combo's.I liked strategically placing things at checkpoints. (apart from that a fast traveler is one of them)The bosses that i did enjoy were great, it was a lot of fun to learn to dodge them and go in for some hits before having to roll away.(Almost) all the bosses had cool designs, even though their names were rather uncreative.(I haven't played any co-op, so i can't give my opinion on that.)Overall, I'm just sort of in the middle on this game. I don't hate it, but i don't think it's amazing, either. I'm a fan of the soulsborne franchise, and this is an interesting spin on those games. I think you should give it a try, for sure, at least if you enjoy the soulsborne franchise."
,Recommended,283640,23103973,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dusterr,"A very satisfying mashup of a soulslike and a metroidvania. Stats and difficulty are similar to dark souls, and like in a metroidvania as you progress you gain more improvements to mobility. The skill tree is pretty fleshed out. I'd highly reccomend it if  you want a bit of a challenge."
76561198104319695,Recommended,283640,23130542,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Basement Lord,"I enjoy the heck out of this game. It has satisfying combat, solid controls, and a good sense of risk/reward styled fighting. I however do not like the fact that some things just feel unfair or ""broken"" for lack of a better term. In one of the later game areas there are creatures called spindlebeasts which are much like unicorns, these enemies are utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the second they touch you they will impale and insta-kill you. As far as I know there is no way to get away from them besides running away from or around them. I haven't tried blocking their one-shot attack with a shield, but I highly doubt it works. Beware of these if you want to keep the 20k+ salt you earned from a boss fight. There is also a late game boss(Witch of the Lake)that tends to fly off screen and then absolutely annihilate me with one of its attacks, granted this is probably becasue I'm pushing it into to the corner with attacks or maybe because I'm just bad at fighting this boss, but it still feels broken. The game was released not too long ago and is most likely going to get some balancing or fix patches to help with some problems. Long story short it's a fantastic game with a lot of promise. I highly recommend it for those who are looking for a fair priced hack and slash, story rich platformer.TL;DR good game buy it. Don't let the unicorns make you cry like they did to me"
76561198042210567,Recommended,283640,23132949,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ninja Cat,This is one of the best games I've played in a long time. It feels like a combination between dark souls and metroid/castlevania. I'd recommend it to anyone who liked those games.
,Recommended,283640,23145584,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,octopus,"I will keep this review short and superficial, however I wouldn’t cripple it to say “castlevania and dark souls had a baby, lololo 10/10”, so it won’t seem effortless.At first I was hesitant to write this review since the game is critically acclaimed already, but I guess for a small indie team every single review counts. One grain of salt would not make a difference, but if everyone who enjoyed this game would leave a review it would matter a lot to them.I pirated the game to check it out and was hooked in the matter of minutes, so I bought the game right away.The atmosphere comprising the setting, music, story, graphics and animations is brilliantly crafted. It’s tenebrous, gloomy and dark. The world is unwelcoming and unforgiving.The equipment and combat system from Souls series suits this game really good. It’s hard to learn and even harder to master. It could be confusing and off-putting for some players who have zero experience with Souls series, but I just don’t see why would anyone be interested in this game not having played a Souls game.Moreover, the combat and movement is incredibly fluid and feels great, which is an essential point for a game of this kind.The spectrum of enemies and bosses, weapons and armor (and their descriptions) is shockingly wide, the amount of recycling of the assets varies from zero to none. It’s a great achievement for a game of this scale and for a small independent team (in your face, Castlevania).The boss fights are unique and remarkable.Exploration is really rewarding and revisiting old locations with the new abilities does not feel tedious or boring at all.Thinking back, I cannot actually come up with any critical issues with the game. Yes, the layout of the levels is confusing sometimes, the game does not teach you how to use brands, but those are hardly cons.tl;dr: Embrace yourselves and prepare to struggle, to git gud, be wary of devious traps and dangerous abominations lurking deep beneath the island. The adventure awaits."
76561198056824475,Recommended,283640,23151848,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔMyNameIsJordan,"I WILL GIVE MY SALT, MY GOLD, MY RAGE, MY SOUL AND MY LIFE  TO YOU TWO DEV (husband and wife) IF YOU GUYS MAKE A DLC OR Salt and Sanctuary 2 !"
76561198081043975,Recommended,283640,23160090,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sully,"It is very rare that a copy of something can perfectly mimic the original source like SaS does to Dark Souls, but by ♥♥♥♥ing god does it nail it. Excellent combat, fantastic atmosphere, great level design and fantastic bosses create a game that lives up to the expectations of Dark Souls and it's legacy.Pros:-Excellent combat- captures what makes the Dark Souls combat system work with a combination of skill, rewarding sound effects and satisfiying, intelligent encounters that make you feel good.-Fantastic level design- beautifully interconnected levels had me slapping my head at how seamlessly these levels bled together, and unlocking shortcuts it always fun. Level design gets a bit dickish towards the end, however.-Great bosses- a ton of unique and interesting bosses that provide an array of interesting and tough, but always fun, challenges.-Atmosphere- say what you want about the artstyle (which I think is fine) the incredible atmosphere of a lot of these locations is great. Standouts include the Hall of Red Cages, the Dome of the Forgotten, and some more areas I don't wanna spoil.* Cons-No map- A lack of some kind of map led to a very confusing layout that can often confuse the average player.- Some dickish bosses- while every boss was challenging, not all of them felt fair.Overall: 8/10.Buy it."
,Recommended,283640,23176041,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Suisei,"Salt and Sanctuary is more than just ""2D Dark Souls"", as it mixes the formula up in a variety of different ways. Featuring a unique creed system as well as split currencies (Salt and Gold), progressing through the game is almost more fun than in the souls franchise because rather than leveling up individual stats, you level up to gain a pearl to place in the skill tree map thing."
,Recommended,283640,23203724,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MRSH4DOW,2D Dark souls  with a bit of platformerSalt and Sanctuary can be really difficult for some people including meall and all Salt and Sanctuary not just cheap copy and paste Dark soulsbut it has it own charm where you can't find in Souls seriesfinal verdict8.5/10
,Recommended,283640,23207029,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,devlkore,"This review is based on 15 hours in the game. I have only used one class, 4 weapons, no spells and I have not beaten it yet.Short version: Buy this game.Medium version: Buy this game if you like Metroidvanias and/or Dark Souls.Full Version: This game is too awesome. Yes, I mean ""too"" awesome, as I want to continue playing it even though I need to go to bed. I want to play it when I'm at work and I want to play it when I'm playing other games.I'm a big fan of Metroidvanias and I think I have a fairly high standard when it comes to them. Any old game with the basic elements won't do. The only games in the genre that really stand out for me are Super Metroid, Axiom Verge and Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight. That's not to say I haven't enjoyed any others, but these are the ones that set the bar for me. Salt & Sanctuary is easily in the same league as the mentioned games and I will be recommending it to people for years to come, I am sure.So you have probably heard that S&S is basically 2D Dark Souls. It has many of the elements; classes, branching upgrades, geography that gradually unlocks and loops back into itself, no map, stamina, parrying, etc.Don't be fooled into thinking it is purely a derivitive work though. Obviously S&S is inspired by Dark Souls, but it has enough elements to give it its own style and flavour.If you haven't played Dark Souls then just know that this game is hard and requires patience. The combat feels responsive, but you cannot just go in blindly mashing. Even basic enemies can kill you quite easily if you let them surround you or get a full combo on you. You have to learn each enemies behaviour and then adapt. This makes the combat really satisfying; an enemy that you think is really hard eventually becomes easy (easier?) and there's always a fresh challenge as new enemies appear. There are loads of weapons, spells and items you can use to customise your character and different weapons have different move sets.I mentioned there is no map and at first I thought I was going to be in for a tough time as my sense of direction is terrible (even in games). So far it hasn't really been a problem for me and early into the game you gain the ability to fast travel if you find yourself lost, although I actually haven't used it yet. The way the world gradually opens up means you will likely be familiar with any given area before it starts to connect to other areas so confusion should be minimal. I have no idea the full size of the world, but the area I have explored so far feels bigger than the whole of Momodora 4 (great game regardless) and I expect there is still a significant chunk I haven't seen based on various impassable doors and things I have seen.Anyway, I could go on for ages, but there's no point. There are countless videos and essentially if anything I've said appeals to you, you should just buy the game right now. You won't regret it and if you do, there's always the refund option."
,Recommended,283640,23251216,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dude,"Brilliant game, amazing huge world to explore, many combinations to build, fantastic graphics, heavy dark atmosphere and bloody. Really Dark Souls in 2D. Genius crafting system, creeds and devotion. Many bosses to kill, hundreds secret to find, crazy links between locations. Recommended for all DS fan's, just ""must have"" !!!!! 10/10Waiting for more updates/DLC and it will be Game of The Year 2016"
76561198050787659,Recommended,283640,23354678,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ZeroKelvin,"Without a doubt, the best platformer I've ever played, and easily in my top 10 games of all time. There are a few annoying / cheap enemies, but everything else shows a staggering amount of polish and careful design.Other studios could really, really take a lesson from these guys on how not to go beyond the scope of a project and make sure what they do is done very well.That said, the game is also freaking huge, so don't worry about content.TLDR: Buy immediately, play by yourself. Some moments and areas are truly awe-inspiring when you reach them."
,Recommended,283640,23372286,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Grim,"a fantastic game that was well worth the pay, it has a souls style and feel whilst still making a distinction between itself and the souls series"
76561198043849970,Recommended,283640,23495174,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Z-Statistic,"I hate Dark Souls. All of them. I absolutely love this game.How is that possible when Salt and Sanctuary is a virtual copy of it? It comes down to two pretty simply differences between the two.First, it's 2d. The gameplay just works better in 2d. Yes, Dark Souls has better game feel for exploration (although not by much) because of the 3d expansive world. However, just like how spikes of death ♥♥♥♥ing suck in Ocarina of Time but are perfectly fine in a Link to the Past, Salt and Santuary lays out everything in front of you.How many traps have killed you in Dark Souls only because there was no way to see them ahead of time and you simply had to know or react quickly enough even when going slowly? There are traps in Salt and Sanctuary, but it goes about them in the original Castlevania way. Just go slow. Nothing will come out of a blindspot. If something is attacking you, it's because you aggroed it, and you saw it.Second, its learning curve actually lets you learn how to play. The zombies in level 1 (and level 0) take more than two hits to kill and only take 5-15% of your health per attack. Plus, you get a regen ring. This lets you actually experiment with combos. Remember the entry level zombies in Dark Souls? How they take only 1 hit to kill? Maybe even TWO! Yeah, not enough experimentation. Plus, if you do get hit, it's like a third of your health.God help you versus your first big monster.Once you get to level 2, Salt and Sanctuary starts with the ball rocking. Level 3 is even more so.The main two limitations of the game are simply:1) Gold is useless except for flooding your inventory with 99 of each consumable for new game+.2) Bosses can be extremely easy compared to trash.As a tip, if you want easy mode, pick paladin or knight. Make sure you have a shield with 100 block of the approriate kind of damage(s). Get as much stamina as possible. You are literally invincible with this setup. No, seriously. If you ever wanted to play Dark souls with 100% damage reduction, just play one of these two classes. Shields must be used more sparingly in the beginning, but by concentrating on upgrades, stamina, and endurance, you can cheese the final boss EASILY.If you want a harder game experience, choose hunter or any other squishy that relies on dodging instead of blocking.I absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,283640,23642956,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dorkseid,"I'm not someone who usually gets into Soulsbourne style or Metroidvania style game.And yet, Salt and Sanctuary has managed to capture me.If that isn't a testament to this games quality, I don't know what is.However, all the places where this games quality shines bright cast light on the games shortcomings.The sound design and player character models in this game are really bad.The co-op is great fun but anytime you come to a platforming section it becomes painful to play. Mind you, this isn't a problem in the single player AND there is a glitch that lets one player do all the platforming and then sling-shots the other player to the location of the one doing the platforming. Have one player pause and the other player do the platforming. When the player finishes the platforming, have the other player unpause to be teleported to the other player.Given that the game was only made by two people (and given the games price) I can overlook it's shortcomings. After all, what this game gets right it absolutely nails.Only having three relatively minor complaints about a game made by two people is a big win in my book.I hope the inevitable sequel fixes my issues with the game."
76561198083456075,Recommended,283640,23656835,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Célestin,"I never played this kind of game before, but everybody seemed to like it so I had to try.I choosed my class, saw that there was a class called Chef. Wtf. Skipped and choosed mage.I arrived to the first boss. Raged. Cried. And remembered that I was a mage. Threw my sword, took my wand used my spell and killed the boss. I was happy.I specialized myself into mage class as I was supposed to do, lost track of time, finished the game, started the new game +, but I realised that I was bored of mage, so I started a new game with the knight and understood the replayability of the game.Now I spend my life tracking salt and killing bosses. Oh wait I've got tests tomorrow !(Totally worth it)"
76561198004395142,Recommended,283640,23659868,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dna Factor,"The perfect blend of Dark Souls and Castlevania. Salt & Sanctuary manages to stand proudly alongside the games it draws influence from, rather than being a pale imitation. Praise the salt!"
,Recommended,283640,23703701,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Editionblack,"After finishing the game twice, and ♥♥♥♥ing about in it for 34 hours i should atleast say something about it.Basically 2D  Dark Souls. It's pretty good."
76561197983324630,Recommended,283640,23777041,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,owen445x,"Just beat the game and here is my honest opinion.At first glance, I didn't think this game was going to be any good. But, after everyone kept saying it is a lot like dark souls, I thought I would give it a try.The character models look goofy and they added a cook as a playable starter class for humor and I thought this was a bad start. After starting my Paladin, and killing some mobs. I really saw that this game had potential.Pro's+Story - really indepth put together even if stealing most of the game mechanics from dark souls.+Class optimization (specs) you can make your character the way you want to play.+Weapons - Lot of different variety and adds to cool character builds+Zones - Doesn't force you to play in one area to long and adds a ton of hidden spots you can't access till you get special abilities thought out the game.+Bosses - Some are very challenging and each are very different in terms of what they are weak to and strong at. So you can't just run in and hack. You need to added items to your weapon or buff defense in certian ways.Cons- Lack of explination - if I wasn't a dark souls lover, I wouldn't have a clue about half the game. For example, you wash ashore from the beginning, not knowing wtf you are doing or what to expect and you meet an old man. He asks you if you worship the new gods or the old one. (this effects your safety zone) Each god sells different things and some have different strenghts / weakness in terms of spells or what not.- Prepare to use the Wiki website... a lot. Not that I have a problem with it since I have had to do this with all the dark souls games, but for anyone new. They would be like what the hell does this thing do?Overall, for $17.99, this game is solid. The game has a good pace to it and I didn't feel like it was holding my hand. Combat felt rewarding and fun and the exploration factor is top notch."
76561198049844578,Recommended,283640,23827519,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jefre117,"This game was a awsome experience. I felt like i was exploring when i was getting lost over and over untill i knew where i was going and trying to puzzle together the story through the amezing scenery, weapon/armour descriptions and hints just like in dark souls and i also had allot of fun fighting a massive variety of monsters and epic bosses with a big variety of weapons and spells.Even though the game looks and feels like dark souls i could instantly tell it was made by ska studios with the whole art style and combat like the dishwasher and charlie murder which i have also played the living hell out of so if you played this game and liked it you might also want to check out those games.Anyway please ceep making games they are always really really good."
,Recommended,283640,23908959,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AFarCryAway,"Ska Studios is one of my favorite game developers and for a good reason. They blend great style with great gameplay! Yes, Salt and Sanctuary takes a LOT of inspiration from the Souls games, but it does so with respect and adds its own unique spin on things. What makes Salt and Sanctuary truly great is how not only do they bring their unique spins to the formula, but they still provide the same feeling of accomplishment given in the Souls games for a fraction of the cost with just as much impact! If you want a fun and fulfilling gaming experience, give Salt and Sanctuary a shot!"
,Recommended,283640,24453949,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,♠ Test + Tren,This game further proves my uselessness at the Souls Games:- Find boss- Get killed- Find boss- Get killed- Find boss- Get killed- Find boss- Get killed- Find Boss- Get lucky hit and kill them- Feel magestic for 30 seconds- Get killed by a Bloated MonstrosityTop Kek10/10
,Recommended,283640,24454215,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,bcsaller,"Frustrating and wonderful all at once.This encourages a sense of what-if and exploration, all the while begging you to quit and go on at the same time. I'm enjoying it anyway."
76561198160272882,Recommended,283640,24727647,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Hornet,"Oh yeah, great appetizer before Dark Souls 3 DLC comes aroung, in fact I'd kinda like to see more of these 2 developers.Don't know why peopple are bashing the controls, I tried playing with the PS4 remote, which the game was designed for, did not enjoy, keyboard however is AMAZING, I'm never going throught a ******* platform and falling to my death again.So yeah, get it even full priced it's worth it, lorewise it's bloodborny and the artstyle even gives the creeps. Sometimes."
,Recommended,283640,24765879,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,H20 ᏧᏝ #freeCatalonia,"I tried to write an in-depth review about this game, but this review editor is absolutely trash.http://pastebin.com/sR2chF00- link to the actual review.If you're just here for some stupid score and don't care what I have to say, it's a solid  8/10. The steam review editor is easily a 0/10."
,Recommended,283640,24771388,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Crimson King,"I cannot sing enough praise for this game. It's been a long time since a game grabbed me like this one.PROS:The atmosphere. It's dark, gritty, and sometimes hard to look at. This only adds to the charm of S&S. Character and level design aren't the prettiest things I've ever seen, but because of the way it presents itself it only makes you get into the game that much more.The difficulty. If you're an elite Dark Souls player, you probably won't have a terrible time getting through this game. That's not to say you won't die more than a handful of times, but even when you do it keeps you coming back for more. This game has an incredible way of having you walk away in frustration, only to come back a few hours later to see yourself cruise through the parts you were having issues with before.The gameplay. If Dark Souls and a metroidvania game had a baby, it'd be this game. 2D side scrolling, platforming, dodge rolling, items and armor everywhere, secrets to discover around every corner, teeth grittingly hard bosses/enemies. There is just so much done right in this was that was clearly learned from watching the best of the other games.Creed selection (for the most part, more on this below) feels like it really makes a difference. Each creed has different items, abilities, and perks. Depending on your play style, one creed may seem like garbage compared to another only to have them flip-flop their importance as you progress further on into the game as your character changes.The story (or lack there of). Like Dark Souls, if you just want to cruise through this game with a giant hammer crushing enemies without having to get indepth with it, then this game lets you do that. If you want an indepth interesting story, the lore is there for you to find. It doesn't force anything on you if you don't care to see it. That's rather refreshing.CONS:Bugs/Glitches. I had the luck of not running into too many bugs, but the few I did run into weren't gamebreaking. More of an annoyance when they occasionally occured. Such as falling through an elevator floor or long jumping(which isn't something you're supposed to be able to do) to my death into a pit. Once again, it didn't happen very often, but it did happen. Luckily, the developer seems really involved in the game still, so hopefully these get ironed out.One Creed in particular is incredibly overpowered. I won't go into detail about which one it is, but once I found myself apart of that creed the game became MUCH much easier. I thought it may have been just because I was a heavy melee character, so I switched to spell caster in NG+. Spell casting + This Creed = Devastation of the Highest. It only made things more easy. The last boss melted before my mighty laser beams without even touching me. So while for some this won't really be a negative, but for others such as myself it made it hard to justify giving any other creed a chance in NG+. Luckily, you can't stumble across this creed until later on into the game.If you're into Dark Souls and/or Metroidvania type games, do yourself a favor and pick this wonderful game up. You'll be glad you did."
76561198021614360,Recommended,283640,24793264,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ewr.2703,"Excellent game albeit a bit much like the Dark Souls franchise. Lots of upgrading options, NG+ options, good soundtrack, a few annoying errors, secret bosses, cool upgrades on weapons and armor, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,283640,24819154,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Udysseus,Has a working poise system.Instantly better than Dark Souls 3.
76561198001788291,Recommended,283640,23047738,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Neins,"Awesome game, now I need the dishwasher series, please."
,Recommended,283640,23052640,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sokumenha,S&S > DS3
76561198065729895,Recommended,283640,23451792,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sasouki,Awesome game. Might be a little frustrating to get used to the 2d gameplay if you are not experienced but its worth it. The only con for me right now is the quite irrelevant lore. I know it pays homage to dark souls but it just cant hold me.
,Recommended,283640,23516563,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,@STORM╞λкΣ╡CP9@,Best game ever!!
,Recommended,283640,23783247,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Papa Slothy,"it's really good, BUT be prepared to be frusterated from dying to random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t one shots and ESPECIALLY the strange level design which often ends with you falling off cliffs"
,Recommended,283640,24332176,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Naps n Tea,Hardcore indie game but i wish there was online multiplayer
76561198092748194,Recommended,283640,24626220,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ganjin,"Overall great game. Took me awhile to finish because the Queen of the Lake is stupidly hard but this game is 100% worth every dollar. The combat is great and the skill tree is huge, probably gonna take multiple play throughs to really get into it. Art style is solid and dark just how youd expect it to be. If this game was trying to compete with DARK SOULS i think its def a close contender. I personally love the soul series but cannot play the 3rd installment, this game made me forget about DARK SOULS for a decent amount of time.Only downside to this game is interaction with people on the island and story seems kinda spread out. You only meet 2 people in the game that give any real details as to whats going on on the island... Felt that was a bit off but oh well. All in all I rate this game 9/10 and you should pick it up if youve been considering it."
,Recommended,283640,23089890,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,The Jawbone,A smash up of a little Castlevania and a lot of Dark Souls. It's just as good as the games it draws inspiration from and is right up there with the best of them.
76561198093072388,Recommended,283640,23115768,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Doze,"I really enjoyed this game, I love how how difficult it is and that how rewarding it is at the same time. There were a few bosses that were really easy. I recommened using a controller, I use my keyboard to play the game which made it harder. I wanted to use my controller but it wasn't working. If you want to challenge yourself use the keyboard. You would think keyboard and mouse but I didn't like you using the mouse so I switched the light and heavy attack buttons to . and /"
,Recommended,283640,23160751,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Vandhalkun,"When I saw this game for the first time, I knew I was going to enjoy it. Yes it's true, it looks like a 2D Dark Souls and is very similar in a lot of aspects.Pros:+ Beautiful graphics and atmosphere (character face is meh, wear a helmet and its ok.)+ Tons of enemies. Some may look similar texture wise, but they will most likely have different abilities.+ Tons of weapons. There are weapon tiers (1-5) which determines how bad or good a weapon is. HOWEVER, most weapons are viable. In fact, one of the best weapons is a tier 2.+ LOTS of movesets based on weapon type and the weapon itself.+ Good timed ""checkpoints"". If you die you probably won't have to walk for 3 hours back to the same spot, provided you unlock a shortcut (if you explore a bit).+ Puzzles, laberynths and parkour.+ Game rewards patience and skill, although you can facestomp for a while if you want.+ Optional areas and bosses with their unique rewards for the completionists out there.+ Good replayability potential. While you will get tier 5 at the end of 1st playthrough, you won't be even near to be at maximum upgrade, unlock all spells, weapons etc.+ Best boss soundtrack I've heard in a while.+ Decent lore, but the main plot isn't really explained until the very end. You need to explore and talk with NPCs.+ You are supposed to die in the tutorial.+ 1st blind playthough lenght: 22-25 hours. Worth spending a few more in NG+.+ NG+! NOTE: You are forced into it when you beat final boss. There are no ""new items"" or enemies in NG+, just more salt and difficult enemies.+ No performance issues. (Nvidia 710M 60fps 1366x768). Your laptop may be using integrated graphics card by default.+ Almost no hard grinding, even base 5% drops can happen with patience. Item drop also increases with a stat.+ Achievements are not hard, but some of them require spending some time into them.Cons:- No sorting system, not even automatic nor manual. Items are sorted as you find them, not tier or type based. And sometimes they get misplaced.- Game misses a lot of information. You don't know what type of damage do some weapons do. Some are clear, but not others. This is ""bad"" because some enemies can be almost invulnerable to slash damage (swords, reapers?) but take full damage from strike damage (hammers, some axes?). Same thing for magic, although it is pretty clear if you are dying to a fireball or a lightning.- You can't respec all perks. You can respec a few ones but that's it, you won't switch from the best swordman to the best mage with any item (soul vessel in DS2). Eventually you will become able to do a bit of everything while having a main class.- The creed system is good overall, but has some flaws: Some items are creed limited because they focus on a class type (warrior creed, mage creed, etc) and because you can't ""freely"" change creeds, its a bit annoying to get certain basic items.- Some weird stunlock. While being between 2 enemies can probably get you killed, there is no reason to get knocked over and over again by low tier enemies while you can do nothing.- Some items are only obtainable MAYBE ONCE per playthrough and no enemies drop them. Other are also this limited, but some enemies have a 5-10% chance to drop them.NOTE: On the plus side, you can transmute weapons: Literally switch from a weapon to other of the same category, keeping almost all the upgrades.- While almost all weapons and builds are viable, only a few guarantees that you dont get stomped vs some bosses over and over again unless you get lucky with their attacks.- Slow roll is too punishing, you rather have a♥♥♥♥♥♥weightless weapon with fast roll than the best one with slow roll. Still, heavy armor is best armor unless you are a mage.TL;DR: Yes, its a 2D Souls game. It's a new game, has its flaws, but will most likely get fixed or even improved. Incoming mod support has been heard. Definitely worth buying if on sale."
,Recommended,283640,23174934,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tachiru,"Funnily enough as I kept dying, my salt never really left me. It just came back a little stronger as I got up.All kidding aside... the only times I felt bad about dying were when my partner and I were platforming; and I was a bit too fast for them and fell offscreen to my demise, or failed to do offscreen wall jumping.Game is fun as it is. Although... having my partner wait in the menu as I do jumps for them makes things a bit too easy, as they just teleport to where I am, doesn't it? I wonder how many people didn't know that."
76561198067602479,Recommended,283640,23188595,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,bs61295,Best $16 bucks I ever spent.
,Recommended,283640,23206218,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gorecloud,"One of the best if not THE best platformer i have ever played.I loved the souls series ever since Demon souls on the ps3 and have cleared them all numerous times (except for nr 3) so this was a given buy for me.And let me tell you, I am not dissapointed.If you happen to like Castlevania, Metroid, the souls games or maybe even all of them then this is 100% a must buy.The art style is amazing and so is the sound and atmosphere (the soundtrack is awesome, the few times you get to hear it).The controls are extremely good/tight (have only played it using a 360 controller tho).Tho there is a couple of things that has to be said to anyone even thinking about buying the game.You WILL die.You WILL get lost.You WILL most likely punch a hole through your wall or some other object nearby.BUT... work your way through all the difficult stuff, keep pushing, keep exploring, learn the difference between fast and fat rolls, read up on the game a bit etcetera and you will most likely have one of the best platform experiences since the super mario 3 era.The game IS har, INSANELY hard at some points, but like i said, don't give up, sooner or later you will hit a specific point in th game where things get a lot easier due to the fact that you have learned how it works combined with suddenly being able to use that awesome looking gear you've been eyeballing for the last 3 days.DON'T GIVE UP.And just know from the start that this is not a game that holds your and in any way, it is up to YOU to claw your way through the levels on your own.oh, and Praise the salt.P.S. I don't think I've been this sure about giving a thumbs up to a game since... yeah, I don't know, but a VERY long time."
76561197983190864,Recommended,283640,23156354,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,gruevy,"Haven't played it much yet, but I can already tell you that this is the best platformer since Valdis Story. Buy it. Right now."
,Recommended,283640,23811132,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HG,"You might want to call the cops because the enemies and bosses in this game will a salt you with all sorts of deadly weapons and magic...Pun aside this game is quite the challenge for anyone looking to test their skills. You will get salty, you will cry, and you will conquer. This is by far one of the best 2-D games I have ever played. The enemies and bosses have neat desgins, the landscape has that beautiful but eerie feel to it, and the inventory menu is easy to manuver things around. Well worth the price.Also make sure to bring plenty of french fries."
,Recommended,283640,23892509,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Overburn,"Love this game. Love the art, the gameplay, the sound, the music. Really really neat game. I know it is a lot like Dark Souls. . .  but it's still a great game for a great price. If you like Dark Souls, definitely need to pick up this title."
76561198137995020,Recommended,283640,23915480,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheBloodRedJester,If you like dark souls you will like this. it take what is good from dark souls and add's alot of its own mechanics and personality. it is very challenging and fun. I highly reccomend this game.
76561198061495064,Recommended,283640,23918349,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bettynoire,"In the same way that Stardew Valley was a love poem to Harvest Moon fans, This game is that for Dark Souls fans. It's challenging without being totally impossible (so long as you figure out the tricks). It's honestly just overall, very well made. The combat choices are awesome, probably the only complaint I have is that crossbows/guns feel too much like a handicap rather than an actually viable weapon choice on the offhand."
76561198010483339,Recommended,283640,24978169,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TrickyTraegs,"If you like Metroidvania + Dark Souls, this one's for you."
76561198208105727,Recommended,283640,25405935,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Private_Pootis,Absolutly amazing! 11 out of 10! it was my favorite game last year and still is my favorite! some of the bosses were almost to difficult but the game was stupendous!!!!
,Recommended,283640,23051373,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ezekial  🐸,It's Dark Souls' mechanics in a Castlevania world.
76561198025696600,Recommended,283640,23176602,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Chicken Dinner Haver,"Hot off of Dark Souls 3 and with no ability to play Bloodborne, I was delighted to hear that this had finally come to PC. I played with a controller, and just finished the game, spending slightly more time than the subreddit clocked the average user at. There are definitely some mechanics and weapon types in the game that felt like they had a distinct lack of polish, with heavy weapons being almost universally superior in fights. The levelling system leaves the weapons and armor lockeg behing specific ""tiers"" and classes, which was particularly dissapointing as it encourages one to pick a type of weapon and stick to it. However, those are relthe only things I could say merit improvement. If you're starving for more souls, try some salt instead, and enjoy this macabre side scrolling adventure."
76561198006273751,Recommended,283640,23421683,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,yueshuai,"This game is a 2D Dark Souls with some differences. It's fun to play and is cheap to buy. Only that there's some flaws in it.-Balance isn't perfect.-Too many hard jumps while it takes time to practice to jump smoothly.-In some areas the frame drops.-Some enemies just suck. They are designed to kill the player unreasonably.Personaly, I recommend this game. It's a good piece."
76561198046169390,Recommended,283640,24148471,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ZerXceS,"I got turned onto this by a Dark Souls fan, and I usually hate this kind of thing, so I was wary.  I've sunk a couple of hours into it and I must say, I'm opening up to the idea of a challenging game like this.  I think 2d makes it accessable to someone like me who can't get into Dark Souls.  I detect notes of Castlevania, and almost and even Zelda like aspect.  You upgrade stuff, get items and unlock progress as you go along.  Getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked?  Do a little grinding and level your stats and abilities.  It's tough, but I'm suprisingly diggin on this one!  Give it a shot, but expect a learning curve.  Look online to the WIKIS for a leg up and make sure you learn some combos and tactics.  Tough but fun!"
76561198040880081,Recommended,283640,24413293,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,theT7770ify,"Do you like dark souls' difficulty and opressive atmosphere?Do you like 2D platforms/metrovania style games?You found your game. Peper and sovereignty is for you! It sells it's self as a D&D style platformer but it would be easier to drop the pretences and just say it's a 2D dark souls, if you play dark souls it's hard not to feel the comparison. Bond fires are sanctuaries, you got a stamina bar that contribute to all your actions, weapons are equiped in the same way and can be shifted from one handed to two handed and the game has said dark atmosphere that works well here as it did in Dark souls. Compairing it to Dark souls isn't an insalt here, because it definantly understands why dark souls is good and understands how to apply difficutly and story to add to the immersion.My complaints are mostly that it doesn't seem to be as lore rich as dark souls, or at least I couldn't find where all the lore was so maybe I'm mistaken and there is a tone I missed. My other complaints is that the villen is weak. In dark souls the villen was enthrapy and what those did to try and avoid the slow doom the world was walking towards, here it's some kind of demon or god that traps people... because... I didn't fully follow why and that goes back to the lore issue I said before.But it's still a grate game and if you've played all the other souls games and are looking to scatch that difficulty itch then this will fill the spot nice"
76561198068465403,Recommended,283640,24735837,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cheshire Squirrel,"Alright, let's talk Salt & Sanctuary.Welcome to the two dimensional version of Dark Souls that will have you writhing, groaning and begging for more.  Taking a page from the generic ""masochistic"" platformer and implementing the theming and basic game mechanics from everyone's favorite challenging medieval ""kill things until you get killed, repeat until satisfied"".  Salt & Sanctuary is an excellent source of enjoyment for anyone who lives in either of those metaphorical apartment complexes.  The intriguing blend of scarce plot and heavy gameplay that forces the casual player to rethink his life choices and gives the keyboard warrior a chance to dance in revelry.   All styles of player will find an enticing challenge as they march through the choatic wasteland of the mysterious island that tells a better story in twenty odd hours than a certain tv drama can do in six seasons.  Not to say that you NEED to remember the story to enjoy it or whatever you bought this for.  Maybe there's a girl on its production team you want to impress so you bought it and left it running on your laptop to log  ""play hours"" overnight so she'll think you are a fan.  Hey, i'm not judging.  I've done a lot more for a lot less.  Anyways, if you are considering jumping into the pit of gleeful frustration, think no further.  You won't regret buying this game.Okay, after attempting to gild the lily, to be fair i've gotta talk pros and cons.  When in Rome, I suppose...Pros:-Fun, rewarding gameplay-Challenging boss fights (except you Carsejaw, you need a sharper sword and maybe some steroids.  Yeah, some anabolic enhancements would serve you well, gotta lay off the pizza too! It's difficult, but hey, the Nameless Scarecrow Emo Punk needs you at your best, like, yesterday. Sheesh.)-Intersting, non distracting plot, and some sub plots to experience-No map! (Screw you Dora and your all-encompasing Backpack, we don't need you.)-Replayability-Wonderful, dark and menacing art style-Gore!!!-Tons of enemies to bully and farm-Cool cults/factions/religions to manage-Awesome endingCons:-Stiff learning curve for new platform players-Some overwhelming bosses, some underwhelming (i.e. That ""Disembowled Husk"" gave me more grief than I've experience in a long time, and this is coming from a Red Sox fan.  Aaaaannnd Carsejaw gets another mention here, thought i'm sure you saw this coming...)-Lack of online co-op-Wiki has some holes, if you utilize those things. I know I do-No map! (Okay good, I remembered to come back to this.  Sure, it is a problem, especially near the beginning of the game.  This aspect made both lists for several reasons, a Pro because you pick up the layout easier than you think, and the mental struggle is just part of the implied difficulty of the game.  But still remains a con as sometimes finding things can be a bit troubling.  I woudn't have even realized the floating castle existed if I didn't have the little map from Google images saved on my phone to leave open while I explored things.)-I want more! There are several things that I hope the developers add into the system, and as it stands, i can't wait to find out what happened to a few of the major characters in the storylineAlright, here's hoping this gets read maybe once or twice.  Hopefully by a pending customer.-Cheers-"
,Recommended,283640,24783451,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Oskulock,"I'm really bad at reviewing games from this genre because they're so complex and explaining why they're good is very difficult. Some people find Soulsborne/Soulslike games to be absolutely dreadful, some people think they're the best games ever made, but very rarely does anyone think that they're ""Just okay.""General information about gaming and both the Souls and Metroidvania genres are required to understand some of these points.+ It's a 2D Demake of Dark Souls, in the best possible way.+ Boss designs are far, FAR better than in Dark Souls 2. (Honestly i might even go as far as to say that it rivals Dark Souls 1 sometimes.)+ It's longer than Demon's Souls, took me exactly 20 hours on my first playthough. Good length for a 20 buck game.+ Metroidvania elements are handled nicely, you get upgrades that are required to progress the game world akin to Symphony of the Night and Super Metroid.+ You can wavedash. (Kinda.)+ Combat is a ton of fun.+ There's a metric ton of gear and different types of weapons.+ Bonfire system is better than in Dark Souls.+ There's a passive skill tree system similar to Path of Exile, it's interesting and fits the game well imo.+ Multiple endings.+ Support for local co-op...- ..But not for online co-op. :c- Some of the bosses are quite cheap.- There is no map, why? 2D Navigation doesn't work the same way that it does in Dark Souls.- While there is definitely a good replay value here, the lack of online features waters it down a bit.- Artstyle that ranges from ugly to downright beautiful, contrasts the world a bit weirdly sometimes.- Too many enemies with grapple strikes.- Lackluster soundtrack.- Cthulhu mimics tbh fml smh.In the end, i will say that this is without a doubt one of the top 3 indie games i've ever played. You should definitely check it out if you can. When this game shines, it shines bright."
,Recommended,283640,23077110,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Purplemate,"Can be fairly challenging at times, pretty fun to play. If you enjoy the soul series, than you will most likely like this.Only complaint is the local co-op only."
,Recommended,283640,23081461,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tone Bomahawk,"SKA Studios finally on steam!Long term fan of SKA Studio releases and I haven't NOT enjoyed any game James has come out with, can't wait to see more games arrive!!With that out the way, Salt and Sanctuary is, as many may have already realised, Dark Souls X Metroidvania. If you don't like the sound of that, leave.If you do, you will not be disappointed. I love the art style and tight action platform experience, the sound track really puts you on place, though the repetitive boss fight music does get a little samey after a while. Not played enough to fully explore the depths of it, but I will do, and so far I absolutely love it.**Edit**Now started a NG+ :) I disagree with people complaining about lack of a map, it doesn't need one as I think the existing map is actually a little small.What I like+ Message bottle,+ Diverse skill tree/progression+ Decent amount of weapon types+ Combat systemWhat I didn't like- Small map- Limited number of enemies at one time (Big fan of The Dishwasher so I am reminded of that)- GravityOverall still a fantastic game, but like any game like this, you always want MOAR.P.S. SKA STUDIOS, release TDW 1+2 and ZP2KX on PC + Dishwasher 3 pls<3"
,Recommended,283640,23183187,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DoEFotGS,"Одна из лучших инди-игр в своём жанре.Плюсы:Хорошее сочетание механик Dark Sous и Metroid, при этом обе - работают.Интересные боссы.Достаточно большая и сложая по дизайну карта для исследования.Древо навыков вместо простого повышения статов.Достаточно интересный лор.Хороший сандтрек.Небольшая цена, в отличие от Dark Souls 3 :'DМинусы:Боссы по-настоящему раскрываются на НГ+, когда ты не можешь придти к ним слишком перекаченным.Очень не хватало карты - дизайн острова сложный на столько, что в нём легко потеряться.Одна из концовок легко пропускается, если заняться детальным изучением мира и ""свернуть не туда"".Мультиплеер только локальный.Игра показалась короткой. По крайней мере хочется ещё, но всё уже исследовано."
,Recommended,283640,23208268,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Xendhaius,"Salt and Sanctuary is a finely crafted gem that sits with the greatest of Metroidvanias. It successfully recreated the punishing and methodical combat seen in the Souls games in a hauntingly beautiful hand-drawn Metroidvania that is dark, gory, and a marvel to look at.After 3 playthroughs spanning 50+ hours, I am still craving more. It's not only one of the best Metroidvanias ever made, it's in my top 5 best games ever made; one that I can always see myself returning to.This game is more than worth the cost of entry and I highly recommend it to anyone that loves Metroidvanias and Souls games."
76561198079182427,Recommended,283640,23363232,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Moustache_Clash,"I've played just about every single soulsborne game, with the exception of bloodborne. This game is just as good, if not, better than most of them.Pros> Awesome combat that's reminiscent of souls but different enough to make it feel new.> Fun platforming which definetly adds something new to the souls formula.> The atmosphere is unbeatable.> The graphics, believe it or not.> The salt.> The sanctuary.Cons:> Not enough salt.> Not enough sanctuary.> Awkward merchant system.> No online multiplayer."
,Recommended,283640,23754005,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mobius_Black,a 2D dark souls with beautiful hand drawn art. Also supports 21:9!
76561197996558186,Recommended,283640,23298332,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Thorgrax,"Some games cause rash. A rash you can not scratch. And when you don't get more of the scratch to the itch that plagues you, you end up sitting in a dirty street, cooking up a bottle of Jenkem over a burning trash can, injecting it into your worn out cockvein. This is not a review about a game that helps you, but one that only makes you just a little more broken.Salt and Sanctuary is a strange game. Many people say this is the lovechild of Dark Souls and Castlevania: Symphony of the knight. I beg to differ in this judgement. After playing and completing this game I can say that this felt more to me like a mixture of ghost's n' goblins regarding the visual athmosphere, mixed with a platforming experience close to Ninja Ga(y)iden and a combat system like final fight, all dipped into a semi deep RPG manager with a rather large world you need to explore without any map whatsoever.Apparently this game was created by a 2 man development team consisting of 2 brothers. That is to say rather impressive. The last game with such a small dev team I played was Dust:Elysian tale. And coincidently it was an Action RPG like this. Seems like those are a go-to place for Indie devs. Not complaining though, at least not about those 2. Well, maybe a little. This game has no story, and what little of rudimentary tropes there are fly directly out of the window the second the game finishes the tutorial sequence with a supposingly impossible boss fight against everybodys favourite tentacle monster, never to be seen ever again.A thing I have to give Salty Sanctuary is, that it appears to be a highly customizeable game. You can play a caster, a ranger or a knight, even with slight variations inbetween each class competently, resulting in a completely different game experience. That, and limiting yourself even more if you wish to a no-magic mode, nude mode, or even if you so desire (no idea why you wanted to but hey) a permadeath mode.I played this game like so many other on PC with keyboard and mouse while my character was a medium armored knight with a big weapon. I refused to use magic and was able to conquer the thing without ever using a shield. Not gonna lie here, the first 1 or 2 hours into the game were so bad that i contemplating requesting a refund for this. For some reason the menu management is really bothersome. When i tried to acces different screens or option menues those windows usually closed when i tried to browse them. Almost anytime when i was trying to use the mouse, the game refused to register the clicks or blended the mouse out of the screen, which caused me to end up more then once buying several units of items not in one stroke, but buying them one by one, sometimes several dozens. It sucked. The presence of of monetary currency that is not ""Souls"" left me dumbfounded, as many of the items you can buy for money stop being useful 2 hours into the game. Next time just say each and everthign for salt.The combat system is fittingly deep. You can chain weapon combat of smaller arms together and juggle opponenets around while big weapons usually oblitere them in one strike. The combat is meaty, full of blood and explosions. Quite fun. Dishonorable mention: The hitboxes. This game has one of the worst problems with hitboxes I have ever seen in a game. It's even worse than Dark Souls 2. Usually it's enough not to hit the enemy, but the thin air before him. Many enemies have difficulties judging your attack reach as well. This is all topped of with an almost useless dodge roll that has no invincibiliy frames whatsoever. You can still manage to win the game with it only, I am the living proof of that, but its more difficult than it needs to be and the utility is just not present in the same magnitude as you would expect it for a game that is shamelessly dickriding on the success of dark souls. Some of the bossfight were either also flat out boring or ridicously imbalanced (With one or two of them so much dysfunctional that I am willing to give a golden♥♥♥♥♥♥♥award for one of the most broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bossfights in my entire life), but honestly said, the combat with those is rather mixed up most of the time and you can tell that the dev trieds really hard to make the frequent boss battles as interesting as the limitations of a 2D engine would humanly allow. So I am willing to forgive that. With the exceptions of Bosses stealing Souls and not giving it back when you defeat them. That needs to change.What little music is in the game is pretty nice. It fit's the athmospere of the game and sometimes even gave me flashbacks to ye good old diablo 2, when you listen to guitars being stringend at the sight of some nicely piled up corpse mountains. However, therein lies the problem. There is not enough music. At all. When i finished my first playthrough i felt like i only listened to maybe 6 tracks, excluding a brief and exclusive track for the final level and the unique theme for the final boss. Here's hoping if there will ever be a S&S2, that it has a significant bigger track library. Hopefully even with NPC voiceacting, because that is sadly missing as well.Overall visual design of S&S deserves praise. It's very good, with a small exceptions. The enemies, bosses, weapons and armor designs are top notch. There's a lot of them and they are all clearly distinguishable from oen another. Given some of them are flat out stolen from other games and rebranded, but they all look nice, faithful to the golden age of videos games in the 16 bit era. The Player characters and friendly NPC's do not get a cut from that cake. They are flat out ugly and look like anorexic deformed aborted cat fetuses, You can customize them but thats like putting a pig dress and painting it with make Up. It remains a pig, no matter how you look at it. This goes as far that some of the characters even get grossly distorted eye disabilities as if there was an invisible carrot floating over their head that genuinely freaked me out the first time I saw them. Luckyly you don't have to endure that for long, once you get a full encased helm to shield your eyes from the butt ugly mug of your toon, so that you have a splendid time exploring the dark and depressing dreadful landscapres to their fullest extend. I would say that the world feels, just like dark souls 2, like an amusement park of atrocities, but the well connected and vastly different from each other levels actually do make sense within the content of the game. No spoilers though.The game is surprisingly big for it's price. To the point where I wondered how many more hidden corridoors the devs could have put behind gated walls. If you like exploring, you will like this a great deal. Not explicitly the most difficult 2D game I have ever played, as the nature of a grindy action rpg bites itself in the♥♥♥♥♥the more knowlegdeable and skillful you get and your gear advances. But thats what NG+ is for.If you like a RPG game with considerable jump-run episodes, above averge difficulty with reward-faktor of if you like to insert some nasty burning♥♥♥♥♥♥into your urethra from time to time, you can consider this pleasantly presented brawler with a price tag below 20 Euros as recommended. Remember: Winners don't take drugs. Except Jenkem. That's 100% natural. Good Evening."
76561198119499356,Recommended,283640,23542216,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Swanson2131,"Well, This might be the best Souls-like game out their. it might be even better than some of the Soulsborne titles. Platforming doesn't suck, combat is more arcade-like in nature( which is a good thing.) I had ZERO bugs or glitches my playthrough. This is a game with INSANE value. Best Indie game I have ever played. If I had to find a problem with the game, it is that you occasionally get juggled during combat for massive amounts of damage, and you might need to start farming for salt late game. In my opinion, that does not detract from the game at all for me, but it might upset others. Its tough-as-nails fun that you can invest 40-50 hours at least into the game( not mentioning optional areas or NG+) This game is worth every penny you can give it."
,Recommended,283640,23792478,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pflimlin,"Nice level and map design, the ambiance is really dark and oppressive.You can acquire other gameplay actions like jumping on walls or dashing, which allows the player to discover new zones that were inacessible before.Co-op part is not that interesting, kinda takes you away from the game.The lore is phenomenal. After finishing the game I searched for some lore content and I found this:https://www.reddit.com/r/saltandsanctuary/comments/4g8o47/the_drowned_tome_a_salt_and_sanctuary_lore/Worth the read.25h of joy!"
76561198020395589,Recommended,283640,23947240,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ToxicKookie,"It lives up to it's image of being a 2D Dark Souls.My only gripes are the fact that there is no kind of map whatsoever, which often leads to hours of running around the map trying to find something to progress the game.Also, the game has this dark border on the edges of the screen.  It eats up a lot of screen space and only disappears when you're outside of dungeons and such.  This may not seem like a big deal but since 90% of the game takes place in said dungeons it feels like you're playing on a monitor half the size of what you're actually using.  There is no brightness setting to take the edge off this effect and no way to disable it.That said, the game is fun.  There are tons of possible builds, tons of weapons, and tons of areas teeming with blade fodder.  I'm 26 hours in at this point and still haven't finished it."
,Recommended,283640,24050048,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Eilibex,"This is basically a side scroller Dark Souls-esque that brings pretty much everything you know and love from the DeS/DkS/BB series.Including Dark Souls 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes, which they somehow made even worse.SeriouslyHOW.(I feel it necessary to inform readers that i do DEFINITELY recommend this game. Poor hitboxes are simply a peeve of mine)"
,Recommended,283640,24502039,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,elemlo,"Wholeheartedly recommending this game. It's a very clever dark souls demake that wears its influences on its sleeves. Just like Dark Souls it has an eclectic selection of weapons and possible builds, a broad world to discover, and that gratifying feeling when you defeat a boss or reach that checkpoint.It however also has that metroid feel, with the levels looping into eachother and new items giving access to new areas. My second playthrough had a different order of areas and that feeling of almost cheating the games intentions is one of the best.It isn't a perfect game by any means, however. The artstyle is lacking when it comes to human characters, the sphere grid leveling is more basic than it lets on, and the lack of a map makes it hard to tell which route you have to take to get to the cleansing lady for example.That said, the game as a whole is a blast, especially for this price tag. A dense experience that is great, even when you consider it maybe not being too original."
,Recommended,283640,24658524,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SchillBoner,"In the few hours I have played, Salt and Sanctuary is a great and challenging game. I love 2D action/adventure games and this quickly became a new favorite. Great art style, great sound, great gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,24762599,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Hypzor,I loved this little gem from beginning to end. I played it in co-op with my gf with two gamepads.Grab it if you like a challenge and especially if you got a partner to go through it with. As a sidenote I found the soundtrack to be very enjoyable.
76561198011098696,Recommended,283640,25116176,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,intox. Echo,"Salt and Sanctuary is an amazing game, it is very difficult and frustrating but that just makes it feel more satisfying when you actually get anything done. The art of the world is amazing to look at and you can play it over and over just trying new loadouts. The only downside for me is theres no online multiplayer so i cant get salty with my friends. I give it 11/10 grains of salt."
,Recommended,283640,25325404,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ball Of Hate,If you like darksouls I can't see you not loving this.Just wish it had online multiplayer
,Recommended,283640,23075928,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"If you like castlevania and dork souls, youll enjoy this one."
,Recommended,283640,23229049,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,applebaps,"Salt and Sanctuary is an action-rpg platformer that owes a great deal to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Dust, the Dark Souls series, Bloodborne, Phantasy Star Online 2, and Final Fantasy 10.  S&S, like certain characters in its story, is envious.  It grasps, it clutches, it steals whatever it can get its hands on, trying desperately to become the one thing it can never be.  But I found as the initial impressions (""Jesus Christ this is exactly Dark Souls wow they're not even trying to hide it"") wore off, I was surprised at just how much the game actually stands on its own.The surface mechanics of S&S are stolen from a few key sources.  From Dark Souls, it takes covenants, the style of item usage, much of its UI, stamina-dependent combat with parrying, heavy hits and stunlocking, as well as many of its general area concepts.  It even goes so far as to crib smaller details, such as letting the player wear 4 rings and giving many enemies tracking attacks, ala Dark Souls 2, right alongside the larger ones, such as needing to retrieve your souls, er, salt, from where you died.  From Bloodborne, we have certain mechanics revolving around offhand weapons, boss enrages below certain health thresholds, enemies themselves taking your salt rather than it simply dropping somewhere (unless you die from a fall), and quite a few enemy designs.  From Dust and SoTN, it takes much of its platforming and some later area designs.  From FF10, it takes the sphere grid.  From PSO2, it takes its style of equipping and utilizing spells and incantations.  And if all you saw were screenshots, or if you only heard about the game without playing it through, you might be forgiven for thinking it's a total rip-off in every way.What I found as I played through it to completion, however, was that S&S is more than the sum of its black market body parts.  To start at the surface: It does several things differently on a mechanical level from Dark Souls.  Magic in particular, I found very interesting.  Though you start with a ring equipped (if you start as a mage) that nullifies this effect, you have to be mindful of elemental imbalance that accrues and eventually hurts you if you cast too many of the same element's spells in a row.  I also like how your secondary resource, Focus, caps your maximum stamina as you burn through it, forcing you to choose carefully when to use magic, and presenting some interesting challenges for hybrid builds.  Magic feels satisfying and fun to use, growing more and more powerful as you progress until you can rely on it for every encounter with the right ""pure mage"" build, without feeling so crazy overpowered that it removes all challenge, like sorcery can be in Dark Souls 1.I also appreciated the balance the game strikes between Dark Souls' surfeit of similar weapons, and Bloodborne's dearth of wildly different ones.  Most of the weapons I ended up using, I got not from the world or from NPC vendors, but via alchemy, a system similar to boss soul weapon smithing from Dark Souls, but with components that can come from a variety of non-boss enemies as well.  As it turns out, there are a ton of different weapons you can only get this way, and a lot of them are cool as hell.Where S&S felt a bit less balanced, to me, was in its armor selection, which felt skewed more towards ""fashion souls"" in the light armor category, leaving a heavy armor character with often-unusably-heavy armors that didn't differ very much from each other, visually, except in color.  This is partly due to sprite design and character proportions not giving you a good view of what you're wearing, but where are all the fashionable heavy helms, for instance?  And you need an insane amount of Endurance to wear anything with half-decent damage mitigation.Dark Souls is known for telling its story obliquely, through item descriptions and such.  Salt and Sanctuary, however, I found to have a pretty straightforward story, told mostly through NPC dialogue.  There's a ton of flavor text in item descriptions and on the sphere grid, sorry, Tree of Skill.  But I found most of it to be just kinda... there.  It doesn't seem to point to any kind of coherent central narrative, but rather serves to flesh out the multitude of nations and stories that seem to exist (or that we're meant to think exist... somehow, I doubt much has been written beyond these short blurbs) in the ""S&S universe"".  But to be honest, maybe I'm over-exposed to this sort of thing by now, but nothing really stood out to me in the writing of this stuff.  I found it all pretty bland and easily skipped over.  That said, the main story that S&S tells is actually a pretty interesting one, if a bit simple in the end.  It has a compelling hook, some interesting windings (I can't really call them twists per se), and a satisfying conclusion with a choice of endings.  In any case, the main draw here is the gameplay, which is excellent.I appreciate the separation of gold and salt into two different currencies, while keeping salt the primary resource for character improvement via blacksmithing, alchemy, and leveling up.  This means gold becomes more of your ""noob support"" currency, letting the player spend it freely on usable items and some early-game special armors and weapons, letting you get a bit of a leg up at first and recover more easily from large salt losses.  Gold, though, doesn't seem to have too many uses in the late game.  Mostly, it just goes down the toilet when you die, thousands at a time.  I started just buying 99 bags of salt at a time near the end, and sitting there mashing RB for a relatively quick 9900 salt, just to get the gold spent somehow.  But that's tedious as hell, so I stopped doing it and just let it waste away to pay the cleric who revives you.  My theory is that Patches is from this universe, and this is why he hates clerics so much.I really like how your levelups are separated from your skill tree, how the skill tree is laid out, and how the presence of a limited-use item to respec a single skill point gives you some choices to make when building your character.  What's not immediately apparent is that you can put more than one point into the stat-boosting spheres on the tree.  Though, this isn't terribly useful on NG, I found.  It's better to rush to the sphere corresponding to the tiers of equipment you want to use.  And since I finished the game at level 81 my first time through, using a tier 4 greatsword and some tier 4 heavy armor pieces, I didn't really have enough skill points to start stacking stat-ups.While the visual design takes a lot of its cues from other games as far as general concepts go, I found the atmosphere of S&S to be well within bounds of being its own thing.  World feel and atmosphere are done very well in this game.  It especially starts ramping up towards the second half, once you're into and beyond the Castle of Storms.  There's some really cool stuff there!Movement and combat feels good.  I especially enjoyed some of the brands you get that change your movement around in unexpected ways for a game that feels like this.  Those little dashes of SoTN were a great and welcome addition.  The first brand you get, though, is particularly cool.  I'm not even going to say what it is, just cause I don't wanna be the one to spoil it for you if somehow you don't know.  And it influences level design in later areas in some really clever ways.All in all, Salt and Sanctuary is very much worth your time.  It's an extremely enjoyable and high quality game.  My first playthrough took me about 18 hours, and I know I missed a ton of stuff, especially in the last third when I was just kinda blowing through it not exploring too much due to the difficulty of a lot of the enemies.  I'm very much looking forward to finishing my mage playthrough, and I already have a Bloodborne beast hunter and a thief waiting in the wings.  Good stuff!"
,Recommended,283640,23511161,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shark,♥♥♥♥ you! give back my salt!!!
,Recommended,283640,23615224,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,kat.zygfryd,"This game is essentially Dark Souls in 2D and as a Linux gamer I couldn't be happier about it.It has a similarly dark and surreal plot and atmosphere, interconnected level design, and gameplay that generally favors skill over stats. It gives a very satisfying sense of progression by keeping individual zones short and distinct, and letting you level up frequently and without hours of grinding.The only thing missing is online multiplayer, but even so I definitely had more than 18 euro worth of fun playing this gem."
76561197989742076,Recommended,283640,23662762,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,JK,"Hoping for Salt and Sanctuary 2, I'd Purchase"
76561197969766951,Recommended,283640,23947399,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ZeroCooL,I keep loosing my salt over and over again. Great game! Fun boss fights! Even thougth it has obvious DarkSouls + Castelvania inspirations this game still menages to have a atmophere of its own.An optional minimap would help... the structure of the shortcuts are well crafted... but ends up a bit confusing.
,Recommended,283640,24279576,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bad Newz,Dark Souls and Castlevania just had a baby!
,Recommended,283640,24831377,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sangredevida,This game brings Dark Souls to the 2D world. Its a great game in of itself as well. The game play is tight and the art is beautiful.
76561198107099952,Recommended,283640,25315718,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Onion-chan,well it sure does make you salty
76561198115633898,Recommended,283640,25477735,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,crazyjohn717,"This is quite a lengthy review that I have cooked up here, so if you aren't looking for a long read, I'll sum it up! This is a good game, if you enjoy yourself some Dark Souls but feel like it needs some 2D platforming for that MetroidVania feel, then this is for you!Salt and Sanctuary..oh lordy there's a lot to say about this game! Awesome weapons, enemies, and abilities later in the game make this fun, even before one takes into account the Souls feel to it. And it has more of a plot that is stated than Dark Souls!You play as a sailor, be you a knight or a mage or even a chef, and (without giving too much of the tutorial stage away) find yourself stranded on a random island in the middle of nowhere. A few steps up the beach and an old man tells you that you aren't the first to find yourself here and lets you pick one of three creeds. The only advice he gives you is to take a nearby sanctuary for your creed, but no other direction is really given. The game pushes you forward with two objectives: find the princess you were on the boat with, and survive.As you get further and deeper into the labyrinthian island, survival becomes your primary concern as you find enemies who can (and will) hit you with all kinds of attacks that will leave you open to be murdered by other enemies.As you traverse the island, you come across a few other people on the island who are there for different reasons. A knight who is on a quest to defeat an evil dragon, as is his want. A thief who is trying to find treasure. Some random swamp guy sitting in (you guessed it!) a swamp who sells things, mostly dealing poison damage. The NPCs have quite a bit of distance between them, so the journey feels a balance of both lonely and occupied, especially if you play co-op or bring in merchants, blacksmiths and alchemists to your sanctuaries.As far as game look and feel go, the game looks great. There isn't a ton of color on screen at many times but when there is, it usually looks great. The swamp is a dark, mossy green color and the caverns underneath a dungeon area are very blue and purple with the glow of the crystals and mushroom-like objects. While outside, due to being an island full of creatures and overloaded with salt, the sky is a very dull overcast with salt raining down, almost like snow.The gameplay is also very responsive. The controls are on point with little delay, the hitboxes on enemies are mostly on point; some bosses won't get hit if you attack them as they attack the area you dodged from.The enemies are plentiful and hard hitting and the bosses feel awesome when you fight them and defeat them. For some Demon's Souls nostalgia, the tutorial boss will most likely kill you! Although it is possible to kill the tutorial boss, and doing so rewards you with two crafting materials, one of which there is only *one* of in the game. Most of the bosses have attacks that are mostly easy to dodge and, with a little effort, you will prevail. HOWEVER, there is a certain boss towards the last few areas of the game that is an absolute NIGHTMARE!The game also has a really cool mechanic (in my opinion) where when you get hit by an enemy, you lose a small percentage of health that can't be healed with potions, much like Dragon's Dogma. Using spells or resting at a sanctuary of shrine will fix that, so it's good! And whenever you perform an action that takes stamina or focus (jumping, rolling, attacking, spells) the stamina will decrease as well. I feel that this makes field combat and platforming much for hectic, as that rush to recharge your depleted health/stamina bar feels all the more necessary.The game does have its flaws, the worst one (in my opinion) is the lack of music. The game does have boss music (with a really cool final boss theme) and a calming theme that plays in sanctuaries, but out in the rest of the game there's only the occasional guitar playing. Even the boss music plays during every boss bar the final one. The silver lining here is that the final dungeon in the game has a theme to it that practically shouts ""The end is here!""The weapons, while cool looking, aren't plentiful. There's only a few greatswords in the game and barely any greathammers. Compared to the weapon selection in Dark Souls III or II or even Demon's Souls, there could (and should) be many more. On the bright side, weapons and armor don't have durability!All in all, I believe that this game is a must have for those who love the Souls series. Minus the three dimensions, it has all the same things that Dark Souls has, including new game plus but minus random invasions from people with terrible internet connection. The lack of music does make it feel lonely at times, but it's still a great game.Assuming you got this far into the review, thank you for your time! Enjoy your day :)"
,Recommended,283640,28729134,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,^2(Somethinggood),Its like Dark souls But makes you SALTY(jokes)
,Recommended,283640,29746314,Posted: 6 February,all,God,"TL DR: Someone thought how Dark Souls would be as a metroidvania and made this game.I played this game months ago and playing it for a few hours made me rage so hard that I was even going to delete it. I wanted to give it another chance and now, I saw the true potential in it.AtmosphereDark and pessimistic rooms, blood and gore, destruction, dead people in the background, old and scary environment is what you will see in this game if you want to play it. It really gives you the feeling that this game is properly designed for its purpose, which is making you feel vulnerable. It makes you feel like you are always in a danger, which you almost always are. Carefully designed traps and map design also boost this feeling. Overall the atmosphere is way too good considering that this is a metroidvania game. If you enjoy horror games or the atmosphere in horror games, you will enjoy the scenery.GameplayGeneral idea of the game is that you have to die in order to win. Dying is not an end, instead it is a step for you to both improve yourself and improve your character. You collect what's called salts in order to buy skills and items that help you kill your enemies. If you die, you lose your salts to the enemy that killed you and you have to kill that creature in order to obtain your lost salts. Returning to the place that you died usually gives you more salt than before since every creature resets if you die or if you save the game in a checkpoint. Which is also good because that means you can farm salts with killing creatures using checkpoints.Most of the time actions are fluid and react really fast. Your characters reaction time changes with how much you carry and what weapon you choose which makes a great addition to the game and adds depth. If you want to be tanky and take lots of hits, you move like a truck which means you can't even swing your sword in time, however if you don't wear heavy armor or any armor whatsoever, you fly like a butterfly and sting like a bee. But don't forget that you also take so much damage so that even 1 hit might kill you.Map is carefully designed so that every part of the game is connected without loading screens. Going left,right,up,down always takes you to new places. While this should make you feel like you lost your way, game somehow points you to the right direction without being obvious. Locked doors or unactivated elevators prevents you from going to the wrong places. Also there are candles in the background that lets you know that you are about to fight a boss. It is really helpfull considering that fighting with a boss requires preperation. Every part of the map is actually pretty smart. I didn't feel like getting swarmed by creatures or feel like something was wrong.My only problem with the gameplay was that rolling left and right is not well designed, most of the time I found myself getting stuck in front of a boss or getting damage while rolling even if I manage to roll behind an enemy. It was the main reason why I raged so hard.Overall the gameplay feels like a good rpg game, fast and responsive with any weapon. Hit register is also properly designed which is a huge plus.SoundtrackThe soundtrack of this game is really heavy, you can even say that it is psychologically heavy. It stresses you out as it should do, makes you feel the atmosphere even more. You always feel stressed while leaving safe zones because you constantly expect dying in every step, soundtrack of this game doubles that stres with sometimes heavy and sometimes fast musics.MonstersThere are many enemies created which are ranged and melee with a lot of different styles. You have to find a tactic for each of them since some of them have a heavy attack which you can foresee easily while some other creature uses magic that hits any floor in the visible screen. I overall enjoyed having a lot of different enemies in different areas, it made the game feel longer and harder to master.Bosses are another topic that this game is pretty good about. All of them are different with their attacks, styles, damage types, weapons and sizes. You literally have to find a strategy to beat all of them because it really is not easy to kill them in the first time.SummationThis game make you feel both stronger than everything and weaker than anything at the same time. You try to kill an enemy for an hour feeling rage and hatred, then eventually you beat it and feel like you are on the clouds. Also the depth that this game has is huge, it even has religions which I still couln't master. You can create lots of different game styles with different skill paths and you can even change the items that you use to completely change the gameplay of the game. Also just search its skill selection screen and you will understand what I'm talking about when I say depth. I found myself struggling to reach the outer circle of the skill tree because it is huge.I think this game deserves 9/10 easily. That -1 point is for the fact that rolling is still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.If you love games that are hard but rewarding and also have depth that will make you searching the internet every half an hour, don't even think about it, just buy this game and play it for many hours."
76561198040894198,Recommended,283640,23113204,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dunnyone,"Salt and Sanctuary is a clone of Dark Souls. If you've played all three, you'll be instantly familier with the mechanics and overall game world. This is in no way a bad thing, as the game is fantastically polished and overall, more fun then Dark Souls III, so far. Here's why:Parrying worksBeing a magic user is a vaild choice, unlike in Dark Sousl III where it was only viable after level 100+ (maybe)It has actual role-playing elements. The Skill Tree is incredible.Bosses require actual strategy, not just roll-to-win like every single boss in Dark Souls III except for perhaps King LighteningThe torch has a use as some areas are simply too dark to navigate withoutThere is incredible flexability and choie in play style. Be a dark wizard knight who heals with light magic if you like!Top notch sound, controls and level design. So far from what I've played, there are shortcuts everywhere. It's not liner like DS3If you are a Souls junkie, this is an insta-buy."
76561198097559702,Not Recommended,283640,24423270,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Lily,"After spending hours of frustration in this game I finally beat the thing. Not at all a perfect game its rather lonely. The only way that I know of to play with other people is to have them in the room with you. Which is an impossibility. I couldn't find a guest option, if it even exists which I found no evidence off. Not being able to play with friends online hurts the game quite a bit.The content is a mixed bag later on. Difficulty seems to be there mostly in leaps of faith. The community doesn't help much either as they'll tell you to jump just to troll you. Which early on I became sceptical of any help they might provite. Bosses range from painfully easy or extremely difficult. Do note that I played through the game as a squishy caster so it may very from play style to play style.Magic was far too shallow for my tastes which honestly hurts a lot of games in my opinion. Salt and Sanctuary does away with having 4 virtually identical forms of magic just with different damage or a different color. Which was nice but didn't make up for how shallow it was.Finding magic was an absolute nightmare. I had to look it up online to find a secret passage just to get my second spell. Since I started with a fireball. It shouldn't have been tucked away like that in the beginning. Having access to your first spells and a mage early on was key to my overall success and having novice spells tucked away on a secret place really harms this for me. Mind you, I don't mind questing for spells. I quite in joy it. But If I haven't even got my barrings in the game or know what I'm doing this is a rather poor decision.The end of the game was built up to fairly well with the little bit of diolog scattered through the game. Although its not much of a surprise, if at all, I wont spoil it. The community of the game does that for you as soon as you step onto the beach. Although the note in a bottle are more Cryptic clues from the community, it did lead me to the final conclusion I would have come to on my own long before facing the last boss. Even with that gripe, I found the story to be just enough to keep me interested in the world we where in. Which is a plus.Punishment for death seems a bit steap. Sure, losing all your salt to a boss and some gold seems okay, but I died 99% of the time to falling damage alone. The game is DARK! Not ""OMG, Like that's gross and stuff. You know, like Scary"", well it is, but dark as in ""Where the heck am I going. I can't see a darn thing!"". Which becomes frustrating because it artifically pads out the game far longer than It really needs to be. You might thing that falling to my death is my own fault. A few times it absolutely was... But not the majority of the time. Most the time it was just remembering when and where to leap. I ended up just ignoring large chunks of lost salt because It absolutely wasn't worth the effort to find the bat that'd spawn then spend the next 5 minutes trying to kill the darn thing because its everything you hate about bats in most 3D games only with a monsterous amount of health.Salt is used for everything. Just about. Armor, weapons, leveling. Which si fine. Having something else outside of normal experience seems fine to me. I can't really complain about that, its a bit different but not in a bad way.The skill tree is an absolute mess with a tone of redundancy. It looks sloppy and it feels sloppy. Even after I got used to it I found it to be more of a chore to work with than actually fun. The passive bonuses you get from it replace what would be called Attributes or stats in other games which pads out the leveling even further. I feel like there must have been a cleaner way to create it. Although its not as bad as other games which tie spells into their trees it still wasn't a very pleasent experience. At least it didn't fall into the same trap of trivializing old spells. But the game does that for you anyway. Which I guess its not fair of me to judge that on since most RPGs seem to trivialize your early spells.Athetically, there really isn't much I can say about the game. It fits for the theme. Some of the bosses looked really interesting and a few of the enimes where legitamently terrifying. Though the ones that where usually threatening didn't look that intimidating and the ones that looked trully nightmare enducing where push overs. I didn't care for the over all design of the game, baring a few boss and enemy designs I found particularly interesting.The game was Bundled into the Metroidvania summer sale package. And I can't honstly say this is a good Metroidvania game. The returning to old Locations to unlock new things or find new items is all there, but progression is pretty locked on that and few sectret items you find actually change up how you go about exploring the world. I found myself just looking up how to get to the next boss because I got so tired of stumbling my way around in the dark I just wanted to get the game over with. Which isn't a good thing. Compared to other Metroidvania games exploring the world you are in shouldn't be a chore until you want to unlock 100% of everythign. And even then most that time looking for random upgrades, bits and bobbles should be fun and exciting. Salt and Sanctuary didn't capture that for me. I found myself despising the areas I was in more than looking forward to that next discovery.I think for me, the major recomendation factor lies entirely with Multi Player and its magic system. Since It doesn't allow for online co-op and the magic system is still too shallow for me. There isn't honstly enough here for me to recommend based on my tastes alone.If you like the Dark Souls type games and a cryptic story with a dark setting. You'll Probably love this game. If You're looking for a Metroidvania game or a Deeper skill system in your RPGs this game really isn't for you. And Since I'm in the latter camp, I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,283640,23090816,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,馬鹿 Purpleteal,"This game takes darksouls, and throws platforming onto it.I am terrible at Darksouls.I am terrible at platforming.Would be a great game If I could git gud.Don't like the review?Cry about it. I could use the salt."
76561198034134159,Not Recommended,283640,27550352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wonderferkel,"Coop is a bloody joke. Only player 1 can play with keyboard + mouse and the progression mechanic is straight out made up by a total crackpot. Why? Have a read.A lot of items is inaccessible for the guest player (unique items, tier 4 crafting mats, skillpoint rewards) which is a joke. Alongside the fact that a lot of things to do not work as well as in the single player version (avatars often do not grab ledges, ladders, etc.) makes the co-op the most tedious thing especially as the progression mechanics (which is ret*rded) makes you play the entire game twice (once for each player), so nobody misses out something. Also, there are gamebreaking bugs when you play past certain points as a guest e.g. if you defeated certain bosses in co-op as guest and then go play your own campaign, keys that are needed to progress do not drop.But why would you replay it for the guest player? Because, and that is by far the greatest issue of the coop, the guest is permanently punished by not receiving specific loot, which then is in turn also removed form his/her own campaign!Example: Black pearls are essentially skill points, some of them you can find after beating bosses, lying around in staticly placed loot bags, but in co-op only the host gets it, the guest is punished and receives a miniscule amount of salt and a sh*tty item (the salt they gain is later on far less than 1% needed for next level). And now comes the real deal: if the guest now wants to make some progress in his own campaign, the lootbags containing these skill points are empty, already opened. So player 2 is not only punished in co-op but in turn also in his or her own campaign. WHAT IS THE F*CKING INCENTIVE TO PLAY CO-OP!?This is the worst game design I have seen in ages and although it is a fair single-player game, the co-op is a joke and an insult. Even singleplayer punishes you for trying out certain weapons, there is literally a handful of viable builds, the rest is useless.Best thing is, all of these are known issues, just look into the official wiki, and people are posting again and again about this BS in the forum and none of these genii of devs bothers. And all of these are months old. Very consumer friendly.It's a solid singleplayer campaign, but if you are buying this for a co-op experience, get your hands off. Too many things broken and the devs are not doing squat for months! If you want to throw your money at people for this sh*t, you're welcome.A lot of people seem to be downvoting this review for no obvious reason, especially as all these things can be found as problems on the net, I guess fanboying manifests in the reciprocal like ratio of negative reviews._______TL;DRBroken-beyond-enjoyable-without-being-high co-op and average to bad mechanics in general. Looks nice in general, but after 20 or so hours in game, you will find it lacking as there is too much broken and there is little to no variety of boss mechanics, builds or anything, really."
76561198064323395,Not Recommended,283640,30884895,Posted: 1 April,all,Captain Youl,Wacky hitboxesBosses that combo you right when you get upStunlocksNot enough windows of opportunity against bosses with bad stamina (2-3 attacks top until midgame)Rolling frame of invicibility feels offCombine all of those and you get a frustrating experience most of the time (coming from someone who cleared all Dark Souls with ease)
,Recommended,283640,23052094,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MucMash,i wish i was playing Dark Souls 3
76561198139007192,Recommended,283640,23127953,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,richardlwz,Need online coop! Online PVP! Dark souls has that!
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,283640,24472608,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Twosday,"Salt and Sanctuary is an exercise in tedium.When you first start playing this game it feels very good. The graphics are great with a nice crisp art style, the combat animations are pretty nice, and movement is at a nice smooth pace.Then you start making progress and realize it just doesn't work.It's designed to mimic dark souls but the execution is just not there. Time and time again you will mis-judge a roll assuming you will make it through their legs only to get stuck and killed, and you will be falling to your death non stop the entire game. The controls are the hardest enemy in the game by far.It also makes strange design choices with mana and fatigue that make the game more of a slog than it should be, as you have to routinely go back to a bonfire even if your hp is full because your stamina is a mess. And this happens frighteningly fast, especially if you use magic.It's just not good. It has alot of promise and feels great when you start out, but quickly becomes just flat tedius and you will be begging for it to end after your 100th falling death."
76561198002517043,Recommended,283640,23046707,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,oO,"There are 2 types of game I really suck at:The Dark Souls games and platformers...Praise the sun, what was I thinking?"
,Recommended,283640,30206621,Posted: 26 February,all,Stormy,>be a Mage>Wololo>???>beat the game666/10 would Wololo again!
76561198057937460,Recommended,283640,23124365,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,minicats,"They (2 people as I know) managed to make a game that is more DarkSouls than DarkSouls 3...It feels like playing DS1 with another story in another world. Everything reminds me of DS1 and all in a good way. Thanks to developers for releasing such an awesome game, feels like a soothing balm after DS3."
,Recommended,283640,25382453,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,I just wanted to play a metroidvania to relax and get away from all the stress of playing dark soulsDAMN YOU HINDSIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!10
,Recommended,283640,23057780,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Arctiq,"A true 2D BloodSouls(Bloodborne+DarkSouls) experience with several additions. I've played this game on the PS4 a lot and I loved every second of it.If you're a die-hard BloodSouls fan, then get this game. You won't regret it.The only thing that's kind of messy with this game is dodging big bosses. When you try to roll past them you get pushed back from their large hitboxes. It makes for some unfair moments, but it doesn't make the game a bad experience as a whole.This game also lacks online co-op which doesn't make sense because it has online messages like in the BloodSouls games."
,Recommended,283640,23045360,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,RazaK335,Definitly for the Souls fans out there. Love it!
,Recommended,283640,24305722,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Del_Duio,"Salt and Sanctuary is a really fun and difficult game that mixes  Dark Souls with Castlevania. As fun as it is, the game ""borrows"" way too much from its Dark Souls inspiration IMO. There's a difference between paying homage to a beloved game and ripping off almost the exact same UI, fonts, sound effects, even the weapon scaling and the way they list defenses (ex. a whole list of things like vs Strike 28.2, vs Slash 14.7, vs Fire and etc- done EXACTLY the same way Dark Souls did it). They have a message system near identical to the Souls' orange soapstones (messages in bottles), there's item lore that's done in the exact same way the Souls' games do it, and they even have candles and a level up system so close to the Souls' bonfires you'll have to recheck to see what game you're really playing.I jest of course!While most parts of the notoriously tough Dark Souls could be overcome by a competent player, some skill, and a lot of trial and error there are parts of S&S that I find to be borderline bad design. There are for example some axe tossing enemies whose axes can magically increase in range and arc to almost never miss you, teleporting skeletons that will make you pull your hair out, false floors during boss fights that probably shouldn't be in there, super strong wraiths in early areas of the game that swarm you and lob exploding grenades at you, etc etc. In these cases yes skill is still necessary but many times it feels like the difficulty is cheap.Enough of the bad though! The way this game handles its skill tree is very cool and thankfully DIFFERENT than Dark Souls for once. You can use black pearls (1 is awarded upon each leveling up at the candles) to branch out into many different areas of expertise or stack points into a single area like Increased Strength. Go far along another path to gain the abilities of another class that started off near that circle (you'll see what I mean, it's tough to explain). I started off as a paladin but quickly discovered that I wanted to be able to cast an enchant weapon miracle, which was a class 2 cleric spell. So the next 10 or whatever levels I put points all along the way towards that Cleric class 2 goal. I find the skill tree / hub thing to be very awesome the way they did it.Also unique to this game as far as I'm aware are the small stone characters you'll find scattered about the world. You can then offer them to a sanctuary and have them turn into real people who'll live in the building and help you out later. These guys can range from miracle-selling clerics to blacksmiths who'll upgrade your weapons and armor to Leader characters who will exchange enemy parts for rewards (example batwings or ears). To keep any one sanctuary from becoming too OP there's a limit on how many of these guys can reside at any given sanctuary. Another great idea!There are many many weapons which you'll use to kill things ranging from swords to pitchforks to crossbows and halberds. Many of these weapons are very fun to mess around with, even if you don't have the stats currently to deal gobs of damage to your enemies. The halberd for example seems to be able to hit an enemy twice with one of its attacks. The bow and arrow is almost a necessity against the aforementioned axe-throwing S.O.Bs however the aiming mechanics of bows in general leaves much to be desired and I ended up wasting a ton of arrows just trying to HIT anything. Luckily foes killed by your bow will almost always have arrows on them to reclaim for later. The paladin starts off with a morning star and it's pretty friggin' awesome too. The only thing that would've made this game even better is for the devs to scale back the giant damage that every greatsword seems to do. They have the range, they have the damage.. They outclass almost everything else that I've gotten so far. I'd like to see a bunch of random end game players who AREN'T all using greatswords, wouldn't you?Graphically, I love this game. Yes I know bloom effect has been done to death but I think it adds to the eerieness this game is trying to pull off. The art is hand drawn and every glove and helmet you equip shows on your character. Your character also seems to be constantly on crack, as their eyes dart around in a most creepy way in eternal paranoia! Music is very good though that high-pitched shrill shrieking sfx at the menu screen is pretty grating. As for sound effects they are exactly like those found in Dark Souls so if you liked how that sounded you'll like this too.tldr;Game is awesomeGame rips off too much from Dark Souls, which I feel helped get this title a lot more sales than it would have otherwiseIf they didn't copy so much of Dark Souls it'd stand out better than it does (and it already does)The original ideas they do have are great, we need to see more of themEnemies are often cheap which sorta' sucksI'm just being honest with my criticismsRecommended!"
76561198027467250,Recommended,283640,23081186,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ChivlrusLord,"I see everyone complaining about how ""This is a bad rip of Dark Souls"" ""Dark Souls Dark Souls Dark Souls"". If you will just stop comparing and look at it from an individual perspective you will find that this game is rather brilliant for multiple reasons.1. ITS NOT 60 DAMN DOLLARS! You are getting a really good game for less than $20.2. The level design is fun and entertaining especially considering this is a 2D sidescroller.3. It's just pure fun. Yes it's difficult at times but in no way is it not fair4. It's skill tree is not that bad when you sit down and study it.The only thing I would like them to fix with this game is the hit boxes. They tend to extend further than the weapon being used and can be quite frustrating to predict when the blow will land.Overall I give this game a 7/10. I'll give it a 9/10 if they fix the hit boxes."
,Recommended,283640,23151827,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rictus,I was going to write a long review but I must go back and gather more salt....10/10
,Recommended,283640,23074166,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Mr.WiseFool,"Really really really hard core game.I have dark souls 1,2,3 and I thought this game should be easy going since I'm a hard core player. But I must admit this game is really different from dark souls. You can't dodge like what you always do in dark souls, which makes this game difficult for me.Anyway, I admire outstanding graphics design and music and its difficulty. If you love hard core action game, like me, just purchase this game. You won't be disappointed."
76561197972959652,Recommended,283640,24501005,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CastoffRogue,"-Find the Queen of Smiles-Compliment her on the sharpness of her blades-Get impaled by said blades-Have Salt stolen-Have unknown priest do unspeakable things to my body for gold-Return to the Queen of Smiles-Slap her around a lil-Have Salt stolen-Dirty Priest doing unspeakable things to my body again for gold-Queen of Smiles-Salt Stolen-Dirty Priest-Queen of Smiles x10-Salt Stolen x10-Now know the Priest by his first name-It's ""John"" btw-Queen of Smiles-Salt Retrieved-Cry tears of frustration and happiness-Pay John to do unspeakable things to my bodyWill collect Salt from tears of frustration and happiness again.10/10"
,Recommended,283640,23106506,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,🤔,"try tongue, but hole"
76561197970755243,Recommended,283640,23140839,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr W,"Do you like Dark Souls?  Do you like Castlevania?  If so, you should like this."
76561198016864860,Recommended,283640,23052937,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PaSha SLiM,2D Dark Souls
76561198005402226,Recommended,283640,23152497,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Gadwin,Just as good as Dark Souls 3
76561198045924391,Recommended,283640,23077099,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rem88,"Just like 2D dark souls, what can go wrong?"
,Recommended,283640,23173980,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,MoonMann,"Just finished Dark Souls 3 twice, this is a nice break before I feel like going back to finish it for a third time.Praise the salt."
,Recommended,283640,23051195,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Amazing Fox,"If Dark Souls and Darkest Dungeon could have a baby, Salt and Sanctuary would be it. Pretty good game. If you enjoy plataform games, it is a must buy. 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,23074109,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,KittyKatKuddler,"This game is exactly what I expected it to be and therefore it can definitely be recommended, because my expectations were pretty high.Salt and Sanctuary succeeds in creating a perfect mixture of Metroid and Dark Souls. For some, this might be a reason to call the game's design bland and pretentious, but isn't it better to play something you wanted to and be happy in all aspects than having a completely innovative experience with faults, bugs and design flaws all over a product?The gameplay is extremely smooth, so far (after 8 hours of playtime on release day) the levels offer alot of variety, the difficulty is unforgiving and the item amount and skill tree as complex as it could be.I love the game and have no doubt that players who are looking for exactly these type of games will too.1 point minus for the lack of online multiplayer and 1 minus for the slightly intransparent inventory system, but still this sums to a very good 8/10.I will keep this review updated as I advance more into the game."
,Recommended,283640,23131109,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nogi,"if you like dark souls, chances are good  you will like this!"
76561198012525038,Recommended,283640,23102670,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,1Raider23,Dark Souls 2D
,Recommended,283640,23077199,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Obblivion,"Okay, this is really good. At first I thought it was just a Dark Souls 2D, but I did not realize that 2D and 3D are two completely differet things.It's already been explained by several reviews - Salt and Sanctuary is a good mix of Dark Souls and Metrovania games.Regarding Atmosphere and Art Style, Salt and Sanctuary is much more gloomy than Dark Souls. But it seems to lack the sense of slowly approaching dread, perhaps due to its art style; but I don't really mind.The gameplay is very fluid and polished. It's very obvious that much work was put into this work. I've only gone so far as the Sodden Knight and some more, but I am yet to meet any unfair challenges.The levelling system is quite needlessly complex, however. It's not too difficult to understand, but I believe that it could just have been replaced with a simple level-up system. I don't dislike it, but it's not one of the game's stronger points."
,Recommended,283640,25390506,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,FULL CANNIBAL OVERDRIVE,"2d dark souls, done pretty good. it doesn't hide that it draws from souls, and that's not a bad thing. worth a try."
,Recommended,283640,32377869,Posted: 12 June,all,bengi,minecraft - terrariadark souls - salt and sanctuaryterraria is better than minecraftsalt and sanctuary is better than dark souls sorry
,Recommended,283640,31798374,Posted: 16 May,all,FatherTouchTouch,Imagine dark souls but 2D. It's good but not as good as ppl are saying
,Recommended,283640,31795636,Posted: 16 May,all,Cteklite,"I'm not losing salt, if anything, I'm even more salty!"
76561198045316895,Recommended,283640,31779264,Posted: 15 May,all,Save the Animals,"Alright. It's like Dark Souls they said. You would die they said. You'd like it they said. Ok, they were right. It's actually a really solid game with good mechanics that feels like a 2D Dark Souls. No sloppy stuff like Lords of the Fallen. It's legit, trust me with my 30 years of gaming experience."
76561198117310096,Recommended,283640,29850675,Posted: 11 February,all,Natsurr,">arrives at tutorial>fights a huge Lovecraftian monster>has no chance>dies>arrives at a bay>proceeds the way>sees note>""Praise the Salt!""10/10 would praise the salt again."
76561198024949227,Recommended,283640,23052920,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,vulvaavenger,"Holy God, I love this game. Dark Souls/Metroidvania mash - two of my favorite genres in one!It's a little light on the PC settings, but runs like butter, thankfully.You really need a controller for this, I think. I don't feel m/k controls naturally with in this game.Pick it up! Brutally hard and unforgiving in the best kind of way (except for very few cheap deaths thanks to limited view - I.e falling off a cliff).  Tight controls, find of weapons and gear, and a fleshed out world make this an extremely enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,283640,23076285,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TIRAMISU,dis game is too salty for me .....can't even beat the first boss
,Recommended,283640,23184182,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Superior Spidey,"Very recommended for metroidvania fans. I never played Dark Souls, so I can't say how much the mimic each other, but it's a great game nonetheless.The only downside is that I had to play the first hour with my keyboard since my xbox controller ran out of batteries, and the controls are BAD. Seriously, if you don't own a xbox controller or something like that, you are going to have a headache trying to figure some stuff up.The art is kind of a downside too, but it growns on you after a while.Great game overall, just wish they had put a little more effort into the keyboard controls."
,Recommended,283640,23309021,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bin.Nobunaga,Oh i just come here to recommend this game !Becauseit'sfreakingEPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,23818991,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Moar KEKE,Torch makes u cool!10/10 torches
,Recommended,283640,25801865,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Бедняга Карл,"Рашишь топовый мечик:-изи нагибаешь неговорящую днину-рыцарь-хуицарь? ниащутил-королева улыбок? дайте 2!-доходишь до алхимика, не хватает 1,5к соли-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ делать, фармишь мобов-ловишь яд-бежишь к костру, подыхаешь у двери-тебе пишет, что души забрал рычаг-идешь искать птичку....СТОП, ЧТО?! КАКОЙ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ РЫЧАГ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥БЛЯТЬ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ОСОБАЧЬЕ?! КОТОРЫЙ ЧЕРЕЗ ПРОПАСТЬ / 2-х БОССОВ ОТ ТЕБЯ?! КАКОГО ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥КАКОГО ♥♥♥♥♥♥ РЫЧАГ, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Я ПАЛКА, ВОРУЕТ МОИ 3К СОЛИ?! Я♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ДАРКСУЛСЫ НА ИЗИ ПРОХОЖУ, КО ВСЯКОМУ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥У ПРИВЫК, НО♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...РЫЧАГвообще игра топ, 10 рычагов из 10"
76561197993878190,Recommended,283640,24161847,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Archan,Great game. First where i got 100% achievements in last 7years :D
,Recommended,283640,23108555,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Scuzzery,"This game is great. And if you enjoy it, you'll enjoy its predesessor Salt, which is also on steam for 15 dollars."
,Recommended,283640,23053549,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AvengerKit,Dark Souls too hard ? Try this out because it's a 2D style of Dark Souls. The challenge here is real and don't easily rage quit it. It's awesome enough for me to have defeated the first boss after an hour tries (and I don't mean the Knight) ;)
,Recommended,283640,23092518,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Trideen,"I have nothing new to say that hasn't been said a hundred times already, but I'll say it anyway. If a Souls game and a Metroidvania game mated and had a love child, it would be this game. The gameplay is everything I have wanted from a game of this type! If it sounds at all like something that would interest you, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,283640,23054893,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,achmetha,"I haven't had a chance to play much on the Steam version, but I did Platinum (gain all achievements) on the PS4 version of the game.This game is a masterpiece, and it shows that the devs really have a great passion for what they do. With only 2 people, they have crafted a game with far greater depth than many AAA teams have ever hoped to achieve. The game is not perfect, and at launch of the PS4 ver. there were many bugs that found their way into release day - but, here's the thing: this guys give a s***.There have been 2 huge patches on PS4, which fixed a ridiculous amount of bugs, and even added brand new features. Anyhow, I'll try to keep this a spoiler free review.What the game has:1. Replay Value - Multiple endings, NG+, tons of potential playstyles.2. Combat - Amazing 2D sidescroller combat, thinkDark Souls meets Castlevania.3. Exploration - While not as interconnected as Dark Souls 1 due to the nature of 2D sidescrolling, the game still feels connected, many areas have multiple ways in and out (if you look) for them, items are waiting for you all over the place. In fact, what this game has up on Dark Souls, is it's verticality and platforming. It feels so great in a game like this.4. Lore - It is just as vague as it's inspiration, but not an ounce (or ML for the rest of the world) short of mystery and intrigue. As with souls games, read as much as you can.5. Story-based skills - There are skills you obtain, called Brands, as you progress the story. I won't spoil what they do, but they add significantly new ways to play the game.6. ""Craftable"" weapons - If you've played Dark Souls, you know what I mean.7. Unique NPC system - There are NPCs found in the world, including 'quests' with a few in particular. Others are simply your typical merchants. However, there are others that you are able to bring to your 'bonfire' as you see fit to provide you services. You must use a consumable to do so, but it is a great feature. These NPCs also include one in particular called, ""Leader"" which allows you to level up your 'covenant.' O ye there is covenants.8. Covenents - See #7What the game does not have1. Online Multiplayer - It's unfortunate, but there is no way to play online with other users (at the time of this writing). There is a message system and local coop only.2. No Online MP is literally my only complaint.The Steam ver. runs as expected. I have no performance issues with the game or anything like that."
76561197970403229,Recommended,283640,23126259,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GrimMonkey,Reminiscent of Dark Souls with a bit of Castlevania SotN mixed in.
,Recommended,283640,24138750,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MagnificentTunaFish,"Everyone just calls this 2D Dark Souls (Dark Souls being the primary inspiration) but this is really its own thing. It has its own style, an ongoing sea theme and art style and shields that are actually worthwhile to use... but most of all its metal. Basicly the first non-tutorial level has floors made of meat and theres so much more meat and meat and meat I LOVE IT! MEAT!I'll actually say that I like this more than Dark Souls, having started both around the same time. That's right, go ahead and start your grills and pyres but I like this more than Dark Souls. It reminds me in a wierd way of Mega Man Zero and although I don't generally play platformers I feel a bit nostalgic for some reason when I play this.The musics pretty good, bosses are cool and varied as are weapons and armor, and there is plenty of meat."
76561198094142272,Recommended,283640,26723989,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,An Alaskan Bull Worm,Plays like castlevaina mixed with dark souls and it's awesome!
76561198020403710,Recommended,283640,30048541,Posted: 19 February,all,Kidd the Yoshi,Dishwasher meets Dark soulsWhats not to like?
76561197999623390,Recommended,283640,28144259,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Deadly.Crystal.Lizard,"While abit rough around the edges, this is an exceptional game and I am glad that I gave this one a second chance.While I wholeheardetly recommend this game, it isNOTfor everyone.Are you easily frustrated?Do you feel uncomfortable, when you are thrown into a game without any knowledge of what is going on and why or if any of these things/items/options are important?if this applies to you, I would advise you, not to bother. The game throws you into the action and expects you to read, obvserve, learn and test stuff out for yourself. It also is crushingly difficult in some parts until you figure out what to do and not always is the challenge on the fair side. Trial and error are part of this game to a certain extent.The first few hours in particular are very unwelcoming. You stand on a shore, get asked what gods you believe in, give a random answer, ask yourself, if this was something important(it was) and embark onto your salty journey. Everything is grey, it is hard to distinguish beween monsters, traps or chairs sometimes, enemies are cluttered everywhere and you begin to ask yourself, what you are trying to accomplish with aimlessly wandering about.Because you also don't have a map. Then you level up for the first time and take a look at the skill tree. And holy mother of god, what a cluster♥♥♥♥ of skills it is. You decide to put points into random stuff. Might be useful at some point.In short, the first few hours are a confusing mess and a mental state between satisfying monster killing and mild annoyance because yo do not seem to know anything.And then you get further in. You leave the first 2 areas behind. You discover a weapon you find satisfying to use. You decide to level up you skill tree in accordance with that weapon and suddenly realize, that this abundance of perks to choose from is a really simple structure of classes and suddenly makes sense.You find a few shortcuts and slowly begin to understand, how the world is structured and how to get around it.(you will still get lost, but you know now that whatever path you follow, it will eventually lead to someplace familiar again)You will meet a few NPCs and fragments of a story are beginning to form. There now is this sense of slow progression, the feeling, that everything is coming together bit by bit, the further you delve into the game. You are now hooked to Salt&Sanctuary.This game is surprisingly big. I's say, you need about 15-20 hours to complete it(or even more, if you are like me and love to throughoutly explore, while getting lost like an idiot repeatedly)It has a good amount and variety of weapons.It has a scissor greatsword.A second playthrough is almost a given, with all the stuff you can find and/or miss and the different builds to make.It has a greatsword that is also a scissor.also worth notingThis game is an hommage to Dark Souls. It has alot of names and mechanics out of the souls series, stuff you will recognize. However, it is NOT a ""souls-like"" or anything along those lines. This is 100% a metroidvania game and a good one at that. If you try to play this the same way you play a souls game, you will have a hard time.ConclusionThis game is fun, hard, full of content, really immersive and not always fair. If you are able to cope with its little flaws and oddities, you will have a gem of a game for a good price. May the Salt be in your Flavour."
76561198310792035,Recommended,283640,31798904,Posted: 16 May,all,错疯人,让人说不出话的游戏，真是rsndm啊。（this game is f*king driving me mad。）
76561198287884140,Recommended,283640,31798697,Posted: 16 May,all,Cesar Anaya,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,283640,30418404,Posted: 9 March,all,EthanSk13s,"This game is really, and I mean REALLY S A L T Y.....i killed an axe..."
76561198141397162,Recommended,283640,30423122,Posted: 10 March,all,LeØkяáи,Salt :)
,Recommended,283640,30137981,Posted: 24 February,all,Hatz,Dark souls in 2D is more punishing than in 3D
,Recommended,283640,30333915,Posted: 5 March,all,Siilph,"""2d darksouls, i wonder if it will be a hard game"" *ragequits after an hour of gameplay*"
76561198055509437,Recommended,283640,29816852,Posted: 9 February,all,Angry Shroom,i loved and adored about every thing about this game i know its no 100% done  yet they may add more but its a great 2d dark souls like game thats just amzing and if  peoplehvant played it yet they should its worth the money
,Recommended,283640,30047706,Posted: 19 February,all,cumag,"Insanely addictive, replayable, and clever.  Atmosphere and control experience is excellent, gameplay is punishing but everything can be beaten and lost time can be recovered.  A cure for rainy days."
76561197963664525,Recommended,283640,23043819,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Terkala,"If you wished Darksouls was in 2d, with no pvp? Then this game is the game for you.If the pvp nature of darksouls is important to you, this game might not be right for you.Overall an excellent game for what it's trying to be."
,Recommended,283640,23055277,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kaklik,"Well, i can say that this is a amazing game, people say that it looks like Dark Souls and its true, combat depends on your skill to time dodge and attack, etc, just like souls games. Game plays fine with keyboard and mouse(i use keyboard only tho), so if you are looking for a challenge, and love Dark Souls, buy this :3(you'll be fine unless you cant accept loss, because you'll die, like, alot)"
76561198007243138,Recommended,283640,23056948,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Stormshadow76,"So far looks awesome, great RPG potential, love the skill tree reminiscent of Path of Exile, ""imitation is the sincerest form of flattery"", here's looking at you Soul's, Castlevania..."
,Recommended,283640,23081130,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Splendid Naked Officer,"An incredible Metroidvania with a Dark Souls aesthetic from the creators of The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile and Charlie Murder.  A two person team made this.  Absolutely awesome.I'm not even halfway through my first game, and I already have plans for my next two full playthroughs.  It's going to be glorious."
,Recommended,283640,23082496,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Aajii,"Just finished my first playtrough, and I really enjoyed it. You have the whole world to explore, 2D platformer puzzles with unique mechanics, enjoyable battle mechanics, levelling system similiar to PoE (Path of Exile), An arsenal of equipment that you can upgrade and transform, challenging enough to keep you immersed to the game, sidemissions that you can complete for rewards, optional bosses etc.If you like the souls series or similiar dark fantasy game, this is the one game you SHOULD play. 18€ for a game like this feels like a bargain. The only downside I'd say, is that the game is quite short for someone who dashes trough the story. And the ♥♥♥♥♥ by the lake. I'm still SALTY about that.Overall, great game, fantastic atmosphere and gameplay. 9.5/10"
76561198305063407,Recommended,283640,23086937,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Henry,"Exciting, fast-paced combat presented with a quirky, dark aesthetic. This is definitely something I'll keep coming back to - the price is extremely reasonable and I'm pleased with the purchase."
76561198008322068,Recommended,283640,23136722,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,splancer,"Great game.  Controls are very smooth.  Combat-  every move feels important.   Your abilities will slowly degrade between sanctuaries.  That sound terrible, but it keeps you from living out of your backpack for the whole story.   For example,  your health bar's max capacity can be reduced by a grevious wound and your magic bar use degrades your stamina cap.   The main purpose is to break the campaign into smaller excursions.   The net effect is that you spend time thinking and caring about the area you are in.   I am not a big fan of platformers, but this game stands out because you get moments of furious action preceded by a nice build-up."
76561198016763521,Recommended,283640,23161138,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Darkhollow,"I love Dark Souls and I like Castlevania games..this game is the baby of the two. The combat is very punishing and will beat you into the ground, but persevering through that is the best feeling.Do I recommended it? YES! It is a great value for the money. First run took me 28 hours and my second playthrough 19 hours (so I can get 100% achivements)."
,Recommended,283640,23180233,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Zebra Nation,"There is a very difficult formula when creating games that are supposed to be difficult. Most of them end up undershooting and everything is extremely easy and boring, or they overshoot and the game becames impossible and frustrating.Salt & Sanctuary, however is the perfect execution of the difficulty formula. A truly difficult game shouldn't keep you downtrodden and hopeless. Salt & Sanctuary doesn't do that. It is merciless, beyond belief but even as it repeatedly kills you it makes a solemn promise to you: Observe your enemies, practice and play defensively and you will master me. It's not an easy road, but for me it's one worth taking.Everything else about the game is equally superb. From the eerily quiet and ambient soundtrack to the masterful artwork that went into this game. Controls are executing flawlessly and game play is addictive, extremely difficult but also extremely rewarding when you start realizing how the game was actually meant to be played.Being entirely honest, this game may just possibly be my favorite Metroidvania game, and this includes Symphony of the Night which I've beat at least 10 times."
,Recommended,283640,23183158,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,gunsage,"I love this game.  Calling it Dark Souls in 2D is a fairly simple summation, so I'll also add that it plays very much like a really hard Castlevania game.  If you haven't played Dark Souls, do yourself a favor and check it out, but definitely get this game anyway.  The game also doesn't suffer from some of what people get frustrated with in Dark Souls, such as hit detection, random enemy behavior, accidentally striking walls, and poor jumping.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HK_W1yB28J8Furthermore, with the salt and gold system, you don't feel like you're losing terribly much progress when you die as there are a fair amount of things you can buy with gold instead of salt.  Also interesting is the idea of making offerings to get different shopkeepers, blacksmiths, and so on to come to individual sanctuaries as well as making different sanctuaries stronger.  All in all, it's a very fun game and again, if you like Dark Souls, you owe it to yourself to pick this up."
76561197962216750,Recommended,283640,23199829,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,proofmax,"解成就不要到2周目解，BOSS強到你LV 200都打不過，就算打過了，眼前只有絕望。第一輪請把全creed收齊，特別是Order of the Betrayer和 Keepers of Fire and Sky。Please collect the creed of ""Order of the Betrayer"" and ""Keepers of Fire and Sky"" in the first run !!!!!!!!!Otherwise it will be very painful to unlock the achievement in second run or after that."
,Recommended,283640,23217261,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bored Pyoom,"First impressions:Pros:1) Best of the Souls games design thingies mixed with a lot of the ""feel"" of Symphony of the Night2) Great environmental art3) Fun level design4) Excellent music5) Fun and fast-paced combat6) Multiplayer interaction without actually having to play with people7) Cool enemy visual designCons:1) Awful character art2) Most of the flavor text is hard to care about3) Uneven enemy difficulty within the same areas4) Zzz enemy and boss AI5) Kinda bad platforming sections that shouldn't be thereThe cons are extremely small compared to the pros and I'm enjoying this game more than any of the Souls games except Demon's Souls."
,Recommended,283640,23593237,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Roffle,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,283640,23881365,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Murderbob Deathpants,"I swear, this is one of the hardest games i've played, the bosses are soo cheap with a lot of them having one hit kill moves that are borderlind unavoidable. i hate everything about this game, and i've never had a better time in my gaming life. 10/10 would git gud and git salty again"
76561198312618398,Recommended,283640,23934064,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Auszoo,Such a great game for anybody who likes Dark Souls
76561198034578563,Recommended,283640,23953584,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ScottyBoy,Amazing game with amazing artwork.
,Recommended,283640,24058977,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cirom,Pass the Salt!
,Recommended,283640,24105439,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kinda Serious George,"-We got the Dark Souls series that is 3rd person.-We got DarkMaus that is top down view.-Now this game Salt and Sanctuary a Platformer type.This game is not bad for a Dark souls type game, I like it very well so far, I died alot from falling but its challenging in some situations."
,Recommended,283640,23062378,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cubanboy_31,"Two Questions I ask myself for all games I play,Is this game fun? YesIs this game worth the price? Yes"
,Recommended,283640,23087430,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Euphoria Morning,"For anyone who's not a Souls fanThis is an outstanding RPG with a deep skill customization system and absolutely outstanding visuals. It's fairly difficult, but you are able to overcome almost any obstacle with a little thinking, and of course, with experience from your faliures. For 18 €, this is a must-buy. Local Coop is highly recommended, but it's just as great alone.For anyone who is a Souls fanThis is an outstanding RPG with a lot of influance from the Souls series (mainly from the land of Lordran), but with a much deeper leveling system, and with the inclusion of an ingenius local coop. Online summoning and invasions are not available, but Salt and Sanctuary is diverse enough that it doesn't need these elements to still be just as enjoyable as any Souls game. If you are afraid that it's not different enough from Dark Souls, don't be, it has an amazing vibe to it that's exclusive to Salt and Sanctuary."
,Recommended,283640,23096607,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,WARMUP WARRIOR (SPOOKY EDITION),"An amazing Metroidvania with Darksouls elements. I'm a huge fan of Ska Studios and i have to say that this is one of their best games yet. If you enjoy the Souls series or enjoy the Metroidvania genre the i would highly suggest you check this game out. The combat for the game is very fluid yet, it has the ""slower"" combat of souls games. All the weapons i have  used have very enjoyable move sets and the weapons feel like they have ""weight"" behind them. All and all i would say this game is a soild metroidvania with quite a bit of challenge."
76561198123554184,Recommended,283640,23223498,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Deathbearer,"Salt and Sanctuary is, as tons of other people have said, 2D Dark Souls. It's got some Castlevania in there too, but the Souls influence is far stronger on the game. For the most part Salt and Sanctuary gets the Souls style into 2D really well.Pros:1. The 2D style combat works surprisingly pretty well with the stamina system, and you can do knock up attacks and air combos, so long as you mind your stamina.2. Most of the areas are well designed and there's plenty of optional levels and bosses.3. Each boss has a unique look that fits with the level it's found in.4. Good character customization.5. The music is very well done.6. There are plenty of character classes to get you started with your preferred style of play.7. There's shortcuts aplenty.Cons:1. Platforming can be incredibly unpleasant, and there's a ton of platforming in the game and it seems to work only the game feels like it. Sometimes your character simply won't grab a damn ledge or you can't see far enough to know if you can make a jump or not. A lot of deaths were due to poorly done platforming sections.2. The game is ridiculously dark. While that sets a good atmosphere, it can make it difficult to tell where ledges are and interferes with predicting boss attacks.3. Dodging can be unreliable at times.4. Some bosses are seething with artificial difficulty. One example is a boss fight where you have to destroy an axe being wielded by two ghosts, who can't be damaged and one of them will shoot lasers at you while the other uses the axe. After I got destroyed three or four times the game glitched and one of the ghosts went away, making the fight trivial. When the game can't make a fight good, it just inflates the difficulty by giving a boss unblockable moves or adding more♥♥♥♥♥♥into the fight to make up for the game's shortcomings.5. Bosses don't have unique music for their fights, save for maybe one or two.6. The wounding mechanic. Every time you take damage you lose points from your maximum health bar. It's annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥and only serves to further add artificial difficutly to the game. It's only there because Demon's Soul and Dark Souls II did something similar. This mechanic also applies to your stamina bar, and since magic uses stamina, that bar drops like a sack of bricks if you use magic.Overall, Salt and Sanctuary is a really good game, albeit a flawed one. If you're into the Souls franchise, definitely pick it up. If not, stay far away. This is not a beat-em up adventure and you will not have fun"
,Recommended,283640,23297921,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,B0rn2Mémé,"A very good Metroidvania game with a touch of Dark Souls.A large touch.Pros:+ Nice interconnected world+ Satisfying combat+ Sense of achievement upon defeating bosses+ Magic isn't terrible+ Decent amount of viable buildsCons:- Controls are mediocre- The 'Wounding' system sucks balls- Most deaths come from falls. Dark Souls was bad for rolling off cliffs, but this is ridiculousOverall a very fun game that, like Dark Souls, will likely take multiple playthroughs before getting bored. Recommended."
,Recommended,283640,24205684,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TardOnPC,I first saw this game in a recent sale and decided to pick it up. What a steal. I love this game. The gameplay. The art. The soundtrack. So much win here. Two thumbs up.
,Recommended,283640,23051037,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Spartan_0078,"It's a fantastic dark souls alike in 2D, but it's an even better metroidvania game!"
76561198070299699,Recommended,283640,23295529,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Omega General Admiral Hans Funk,"Normally, when I review a game on Steam, I go for the more funny approach, but I have some very strong oppinions about this game I would like to share.First: Do I like this game? Absolutely.Second: Does it have flaws? Yes.Third: Is it worth the money? With all the stuff in it and a price of less than $20, of course.Fourth: Would I recommend this game to my friends? Definitely, if you are looking for a challenge with a very high learning curve.PROS+ Beautiful art and model design+ Combat can be fast or slow-paced, depending on your gear+ Beating the bosses is satisfying, as it should be (aside from a couple, will expand on that in cons)+ Holy crap there are guns+ Enemies get blown into pieces when killed+ The areas are all wound together in a way that allows for shortcuts+ So many weaponsCONS- Fish-looking people, not a fan- The platforming can really screw you over- BS enemy placement at times- BS enemy placement in platforming areas- A couple of BS bossesTree of Men and Disemboweled Husk- Very few video options (still runs well on my potato computer regardless, but still very limited)- I miss Patches...Final score: 8.5-9/10If you're looking for a challenge, this game is a good one to try out."
76561198120602952,Recommended,283640,24571816,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,雷特宁 君- z,"If you craved for more Dark Souls type of games, this is what you need. Its a platformer game (or metroidvania) with some Souls style add into it. The boss fight are amazing, but sometimes the level design and just overall cheap 'fall to death' situation makes you want to rage.This game is a 9/10 for me, it lacks a little bit in story as it weren't interesting enough and ends up feeling like a parody for Dark Souls. If you like games with higher difficulty or just a fan of platformer, you definitely want to check it out."
76561197997157294,Recommended,283640,23101856,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sartos979,"Best couch-coop with friends! easy to learn, easy to die, easy to start coop!"
,Recommended,283640,24207561,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Milky,Dark Souls and Castlevania had a baby and named it Salt and Sanctuary. There are great platforming areas of the game and has a Dark Souls feel to boot. The game also finds innovative ways to keep the Dark Souls feel even when transitioned to 2D.Got the Platinum Trophy on PS4 and will continue to play this game on Steam well worth the price!
76561198067742911,Recommended,283640,23050434,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,lionsears3,This game is amazing for a dark souls knock off love the combat tho i keep dying and the platforming and having to jump from  place to place is actually fun with secrets and multiple ways into places.  a must have if you want a challenge
76561197968561597,Recommended,283640,25019215,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mr Funny Shoes,"A truly joyous game. To say it's a 2D Dark Souls with platforming really doesn't do it justice. Everything is top notch and well thought out; art, level design, combat, weapons/upgrades, skill tree, boss fights (of which there are many). Possibly the best £12 I've ever spent."
76561198014797597,Recommended,283640,25051363,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RealTechniques,"My first review/comment on steam. I just finishd the game and I absolutely loved it. Amazing game, has to be in my top 5 of all the time. I hope their will be DLC in the future, and online pvp."
,Recommended,283640,23050357,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Grandpa Lin,"I played about an hour, and stuck in the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥brozen knight for half hour, how to kill him if he can block all of you attack and you cant not do anything when he raise his shield, I dunno what to say, it is a fun game, but some of the enemies are too hard to kill, even harder than DS"
,Recommended,283640,23177093,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Atmey,"While the resemblance to Dark Souls system is uncanny, I find new options are more interesting than DS, especially liked the weight system and how magic works, not perfect, but done better than DS IMO. Maybe over view map just highlighting the area, not all room could help reduce some confusions."
,Recommended,283640,23467983,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ILLINYNR,"This gem deserve more attention than this. It's worth every penny, every minute you spend on it."
76561197969585627,Recommended,283640,23839775,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sexycommando,"Good game, if you are looking for some not dark souls"
76561198039661499,Recommended,283640,23867744,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sinyk7,"This is very much a 2D Dark Souls, but is that really a bad thing? From creeds, to stats with soft caps, to deciding between salvation and dominion, stamina bar, limited healing items, to fast traveling between sanctuaries instead of bonfires, to losing your salt instead of souls when you die, and even fat rolling; it's all very similar. The brands are a nice addition to the formula as I like the added flexibility to the movement of the character.The game is full of shortcuts between areas, but you will almost never use them as you can just blow a horn to go back to any sanctuary you like. The boss fights are decent, many of which involve figuring out what resistance to wear and what the boss is weak against, then provide a beat down. I like that the bosses have phases that increase the difficulty as the fight goes on, some of which make the fight a lot more tense.It is a lot shorter than a souls game, but it is a souls game at heart. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,283640,24284014,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Takazatara,2d Darksouls done right.
,Recommended,283640,23081588,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sajin Shasaya,"I'll admit, I've been a fan of Ska Studios since Vampire Smile, so I absolutely have some bias in favor for them (In case people don't know, Ska Studios's main developers consist of only two really cool people). Regardless, Salt & Sanctuary is a beautifully visual and ambitious game that does indeed take a lot of its inspirations from the Dark Souls games.Having recently gotten into the Souls games myself, the controls do take a bit of getting used to. But once that's squared away, it's easy to see just how well the Souls influence affects S&S in just the right way. A prime example is dying and losing your salt, thinking ""Alright, I'm just going to rush there, get my salt back, and get back to my sanctuary"", and then getting skwered by spawning bandits and attack dogs (I'm not bitter at my stupidity, I swear).The visual asthetic is a little muddy when things get close and I sometimes miss bottles and salt on the ground, and I wish there was an easier eye-catching jump between picking up an item and seeing what it is off to the side, but that's a personal gripe and as with the controls one gets used to it over time and it becomes easier to see. The addition of a skill tree helps easily visualize what build one wishes to go for.The sound and ambiance is quiet and foreboding. A trademark of Ska Studios alongside the visceral juiciness of blood and blades, the music and tone is well-played throughout the game (so far, in my case) and the boss music is appropriately tense and reactive to the situation in comparison. Executing an enemy has a satisfying SQUELCH and even opening bottles sounds weirdly gratifying.Storywise, there isn't much. There's text in the beginning to give some opening composition, but it's brief and gets the subtly gets the point across that the story may not matter all that much.The game is deep, beautiful, and lavished with evidence that this was made by Dark Souls fans, for Dark Souls fans. With Ska Studios's signature elements and talent, this is the best of both worlds and highly recommended. Even if I am a biased fan."
76561198125952003,Recommended,283640,23114553,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,boomaniac,it has the feeling of a souls game and it makes you feel like a badass very fast but the bosses are not so hard
76561198027798113,Recommended,283640,23175334,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ZeroGws,"Absolutely amazing game has me easily hooked and loving it with the Dualshock 4!Some people say it has clunky controls so far i haven't had a single problem with it.Bosses are fun and challenging which is fun trying to dodge them, Items are scattered like a Dark Souls game and its awesome it reminds me a lot of one but easily has it's own unique ways and styles."
,Recommended,283640,23398605,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Majestic Burnz,praise the salt
76561198046178262,Recommended,283640,24133010,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KrumB,"i honestly was not expecting much, saw it in my que and decided to get it. I am glad i did, this game solid. Already ten hours in, non stop by the way, and i dont think im even halfway done! If you like the dark souls series buy it now, if you are not a fan of darksouls, give it a chance it is not as punishing as darks souls.10/10 would randomly buy again"
76561198099779380,Recommended,283640,25171813,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Count Chocula,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game a blast! Its the challenge of Dark Souls, but 2D and co-op!"
76561198052844908,Recommended,283640,25520248,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Finn,"Great game, easily worth its price. Very souls-like (I even liked it more than Dark Souls III)."
,Recommended,283640,25596462,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,great buy
,Recommended,283640,28917220,Posted: 1 January,all,Odin,"Dark soul'ish game with a lot of challenge. I've just completed it for the first time and it took over 40 hours, and I enjoyed every moment. Sometimes it was frustrating, but finally killing that boss you died to +20 times just feels so satisfying."
,Recommended,283640,31236331,Posted: 19 April,all,Kill_Joy93,"Mix Dark Souls 2 with Castlevania in a pot of Ska Studios' Creativity, and you get something so amazing and jaw dropping, art and gameplay mechanics (Dark souls gameplay mechanics, of course)Overall,it's a 9.9/10 (that 0.1 is removed because of all the glitches)"
,Recommended,283640,30341172,Posted: 5 March,all,aids,"It takes a little getting used to, but once you get past the initial confusion, Salt and Sanctuary is an incredible experience.I highly recommend it.8.5/10"
76561197970999635,Recommended,283640,32505450,Posted: 17 June,all,Vilmir,"If you enjoyed the Dark Souls, you shall like this game. The artistic direction is very good."
,Recommended,283640,32896801,Posted: 27 June,all,LeoLord,A really fun game and is basically 2d dark souls
76561198345914658,Recommended,283640,32993769,Posted: 29 June,all,DanianTheTeemo,-Beat a boss.-Fall off a cliff.-Dies.10/10 Would gravity again :D
76561197985788085,Recommended,283640,31828570,Posted: 18 May,all,The Fifth Dentist,"Got a lot of salt, then got salty when I lost my salt.Salt/10 would angrily curse at a singleplayer game again."
76561198091689456,Recommended,283640,29031528,Posted: 5 January,all,RobotGeezus,died 12 times to the first boss10/10 would get salty again
,Recommended,283640,31538513,Posted: 4 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewSalt and Sanctuary is a game developed and published by Ska Studios and is a port of the XBOX 360 game of the same nameI've heard this game being characterized as Dark Souls but in 2D which is quite correct. So yeah, Salt and Sanctuary is a fun game to playIt's basically a 2D Jump-n-Run game with an elaborate combat system in a gloomy medieval setting. It's your job to traverse a grim and dismal world filled to the brim with monsters in order to achieve... something. The story is rather flimsy and not explained very wellWhat the game does have is a well oiled central mechanic (the combat), fast-paced and enjoyable gameplay, an atmospheric, sinister world, challenging boss fights, and responsive controlsI highly recommend it, it's well worth the money being asked for it which is roughly 20 EUR give or take a few eurosRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,283640,33035366,Posted: 30 June,all,wiskye,"The only game that let me collect the whole league of legend, smite, overwatch and heroes of the storm community in my purse."
76561198275994643,Recommended,283640,33232526,Posted: 4 July,all,Dimra,"the game have incredible level design, more face pace than souls series. the identity as 2d platforming its not goneatmosphere of this game dark and misterious and i like that and you need pay attention to object near you to know and feel  whats going on this game. you can manage npc on your sanctuary, and a lot of costum but the the deficiency of this game is the soundtrack no variaty and some place,boss, and npc less memorable. i hope this game have dlc so i can continue my journey."
76561198089352251,Recommended,283640,26044191,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,antisouless,Amazing. Co Op is so much fun. Challenge is fair.My only real suggestion would be have a map. And not to rip off dark souls so hard. But can't complain. Game seemed to last forever. The only issue was getting lost ALL THE TIME. At a certain point you need to find out where to go next. This is just absolutely difficult. You just run around looking for one way to go somewhere. Lame. Just use a map.  That's all it needed.
,Recommended,283640,27354535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,grimIcosahedron,"Just as much of an homage to Symphony of the Night as it is to the Dark Souls games, this action rpg platformer features solid level design, frustrating bosses that feel great to dominate, and fluid character leveling.  There is a decent variety of weapons, spells, and items to aid your quest, and a good variety of horrific monstrosities and environmental challenges to impede your progress.My only problems were minor, and included the very strange character designs that somewhat clashed with the more realistically designed environments.  Also, being a 2d game, the bosses can sometimes corner you against a wall, all but assuring the player's defeat.  Co-Op, while fun, feels tacked on and makes many boss fights trivial.  Also it's very easy to become very powerful, and while the power trip feels good it renders parts of the game very easy.Sometimes there were minor bugs, involving enemies with grappling attacks warping me beneath the map.All that being said, fans of action RPG's, action platformers, and IGAvania games should definitely look into this game.  It's length is short, but the fun combat, vast character leveling, and NPC questlines give it great replay value."
,Recommended,283640,27589980,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nelkis,"This game is amazing and has lots of replayability in my opinion, that is if you can withstand the amount of time you will be trying to smash your computer in rage."
76561198025153970,Recommended,283640,27712135,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maes Pils,"Personally one of my favorite games ever, dificuilf but fair."
76561198057993189,Recommended,283640,27717363,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CerberusNeXuS,"Crazy good. A new take on the genre that Dark Souls created, and it blew my mind."
,Recommended,283640,27748022,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Veggie,Great fun.
76561198040957305,Recommended,283640,27830208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dom,If you like the Souls games you might have fun with this game.
76561198088744906,Recommended,283640,27836711,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Oskar Stine,"Really good metroidvania game with tension, challenge and content."
76561197968311807,Recommended,283640,27842396,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C. Lukas,Too hard to play.Easy to die.
76561198090878059,Recommended,283640,27902195,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Misery Warlock,"A good game that will equally drain you of your will to go on, and encourage you to never give up no matter how innane or pointless your task seems to be.You also can hit people with a varitey of pointy and rounded sticks. Some of the sticks are metal, some have three prongs, some are a series of very thin sticks wrapped tightly together to form rope, and some are lanched through the air via explosions."
76561197968380259,Recommended,283640,27924364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jamie,"Such a fantastic game. Really nails that Dark Souls feel that I love. Huge interconnected world, lots of weird/neat enemies, tight combat system. Would HEAVILY recommend this to anyone who enjoys the Dark Souls franchise."
76561198045399369,Recommended,283640,27926327,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,rKano,"Great atmosphere, and very hard gameplay for those looking to get into a dark and deep platforming experience."
76561197976887174,Recommended,283640,27313357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ralphus Galkensmelter,It's 2D Dark Souls. Praise the sun!
76561198173450682,Recommended,283640,27643691,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,c1ko@DE Farmskins.com @6824,its hard but worth to fight
76561198094637227,Recommended,283640,30162025,Posted: 25 February,all,Gilgameshk,"Really excellent game. The exploration is awesome and I had to consult a map online to figure out where to even go (A rough in game map would have been welcome). The character level up system is pretty bland, but the environment and enemies made this such a fun time. I'll be keeping an eye out for future games these guys do."
76561198062773678,Recommended,283640,31821472,Posted: 18 May,all,MrBlizzzerd,basically a 2d dark souls and anything dark souls related is perfect for me!
,Recommended,283640,31890936,Posted: 21 May,all,Jay2far,"I got this a while ago but didn't get around to playing it until recently. Coming from the Soulsborne series, this game is a refreshing take on a great formula. By my guess I'm about 1/2 to 2/3 of the way through the game, and so far it's been a great experience.I'm going to assume whoever reads this is familiar with the Soulsborne games. If you aren't, read another review, because I'm not really going to talk about that too much. Instead, I'm going to talk about how the 2D format impacts the Soulsborne formula.From a gameplay perspecitve, the 2D format allows for some very fun and creative platforming that isn't possible 3D. The game constantly rewards the player for noticing objects and places and keeping their location in mind in order to access them later. I was worried that two dimensions would limit the level and world design that I love in the Soulsborne series, but it certainly does not; in fact, in some places I'd say the world and level design, filled with interconnecting paths and shortcuts, far exceed that of other Souls-like games and the Souls games themselves.Another concern of mine was how the combat would feel in 2D, but again, that concern was unfounded. The combat is fun and rewarding, despite the somewhat wonky controls.My only complaint about this game is the boss fights. Unfortunately, most of the bosses in this game have very limited movesets and are very easy to predict. I don't know if I've simply been overleveled, but up to where I am in the game, there have been only 3 or 4 bosses that I didn't beat on my first attempt. This is somewhat disappointing, not only because I'm a veteran of the Soulsborne series, but because this game itself hypes up the bosses with challenging levels, areas, and enemy combinations, and then the bosses, which are meant to cap that experience off and whose defeat rewards the player with an achievement, are unfortunately underdeveloped.That being said, that is my only complaint with the game. The 2D platformer formula is merged almost perfectly with the Soulsborne formula, and I recommend this game to anyone, not just Soulsborne veterans."
76561198389961103,Recommended,283640,31933574,Posted: 24 May,all,jmkim1846,Ps vita korean ps store open release please~~!!
,Recommended,283640,27294230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A MAN LIKE NYZE,peripherals broke playing Dark Souls series: 3peripherals broke playing Salt and Sanctuary: 11 < 3 = cheaper = 10/10 would buy more peripherals
,Recommended,283640,27947746,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,пхенохуетанол,"Очень ""жопомучительная"" игра"
,Recommended,283640,29188456,Posted: 11 January,all,Aldrenean,"2d Dark Souls might sound like a reductive description, but it's entirely accurate: the degree to which you will enjoy S&S is directly related to how much you enjoy the Dark Souls series. There are some minor differences, but they share a huge amount of the same DNA, and all of the critical things that you love about Souls games are here: a big open world that you can explore in different ways, multiple ways to build your character, a big focus on gear and upgrades, and of course, punishing difficulty and huge boss fights.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,283640,31923082,Posted: 23 May,all,Exocypher,"It's like a developer played too much Dark Souls until he raged and threw up a huge pile of darkness, mystery and ... salt. So much salt.I rate this game Salt/10. Would definitely salt this game again."
76561198094136180,Recommended,283640,29353067,Posted: 19 January,all,Bok Choi,This is a game.You collect salt from corpses that you've slain brutally.And then you cry for the next 12 hours because you realise your not progressing.And then you git gud.And then the cycle continues.10/10 would pour salt in my wounds again as i scream in agony because blocking only works half the time on bosses someone pls report Xx_DisemboweledSexyHuskKawaiiDesu_xX he's using kill aura and wall hax why bullet go through shield wtf.
76561198004985691,Not Recommended,283640,31921504,Posted: 23 May,all,Napples,"I wanted to like this game, it ends up feeling like darks souls translated to 2D. The stuff that made dark souls great didn't survive the change to 2D."
76561197972370664,Recommended,283640,28819821,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"THIS IS A MODERATELY POSITIVE REVIEW. Like other reviewers, I find the game's artwork and (mostly) responsive gameplay to be pretty great. In terms of value and attention to aethetic details, it's pretty amazing. However, a few major things bring down the experience, and prevent it from being the perfect game you're looking for:--1) If you're a keyboard user, you'll find that no effort was made to effectively port the game over. Menus and interface are all designed (and visually remain) for controllers. It's always annoying.2) The RPG elements are lazy. At first this doesn't seem the case, but over time you realize you won't be unlocking any skills or new abilities through the skill tree. It's an RPG facade, the picking classes, the leveing up, which makes the game feel a little incomplete.3) The writing is awkward. Some of it's supposed to be awkward, but from the very first line, you get these weird things, ill-used contractions, improper capitalizations, odd word choices, in ways that seem like non-native errors than artistic decisions. (When you start the game, it reads ""Please don't turn off your whole entire computer when this icon is showing."" Hm.) Since this is not a text heavy game, it doesn't really matter beyond making you feel that you're not playing a fully polished game.--I've never played Dark Souls or Castlevania, but it was fun just coming in and playing around.Also, an annoying bug where I can't hire the mercenary in the sanctuaries. None of the menus work with a keyboard the way they're supposed to, grr."
,Recommended,283640,25876306,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agent Demolish,"A well-designed game made to be a 2d souls game. Off-hand wand and sword build being my main, with my other loadout being a magic greatsword, the spellsword setup has treated me well. The biggest downside I've found is that the m+k controls aren't that great, but I usually have my controller so it hasn't affected me much."
76561198073439956,Recommended,283640,28670872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bingbongching0,This game is good but if you are not good at games dont buy it is very hard it took me 1 hour to kill the first boss. :)
76561198190285979,Recommended,283640,29611707,Posted: 31 January,all,danielscepanek,i love this :]first pass took me 15h and i PLAY AGAIN
,Recommended,283640,31046707,Posted: 9 April,all,yeasty,"Game is difficult but once you get the hang of it, it's addicting."
76561197991196077,Recommended,283640,30943952,Posted: 4 April,all,WereChicken,"This game so desperately wants dark souls senpai to notice it, that it eschews the more obvious castlevania route that would have massively improved it (for starters where the hell is a mini map!?)Don't get me wrong, this is a great game, however there are times where it will feel pretty damn cheap and annoying.I would recommend, but only on sale as the price is a tad steep"
76561198130258687,Recommended,283640,31231101,Posted: 18 April,all,Lazerface7756,The Unskinned NG+ Ruined my life10/10
,Recommended,283640,29350101,Posted: 18 January,all,wabontulous,Its a great castlevania like game
,Recommended,283640,31869160,Posted: 20 May,all,Master1G,Visceral 2D Dark Souls combined with movement mechanics and exploration reminiscent of Metroid games. At this point I'm having more fun with it than I had with Dark Souls 3. 10/10
76561198356188704,Recommended,283640,33773901,Posted: 24 July,all,hccarpenter,10/10 best game of darksouls ever and also 10/10+due to funny stuff in the game and rageing edition with me geting mad a bit
76561198007220143,Recommended,283640,23263136,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Yaroslav1987,first 20 houres where supa good...but then i come across pitchwood platform jumping which ruin the f***ing game.2/10 for god damned monky buissness.
76561198169487427,Recommended,283640,29577713,Posted: 29 January,all,djmilney,For a Souls-like experience but slightly easier I recommend you Praise The Salt!
76561198014371894,Recommended,283640,29577811,Posted: 29 January,all,zracxes,If U like Rpg. this is fun. 2d is fun agin.
76561198349427681,Recommended,283640,29575108,Posted: 29 January,all,zane.palmer,"If you came for a 2d dark souls clone, you came to the right place. Salt & sanctuary has solid combat mechanics with the useual  build possibilitys (magic, dex, strength) has great aspects from the metroidvaina, and platforming genres. But the boss's are less  than memerable. Boss's range from stupidly annoying to blaitenly easy (if you don't have the right skills and equipment) with maybe two or three at most you'll enjoy fighting instead of checking off the list of boss's to kill. overall It's a good game, but i'd say get it at a steam sale unless you really want to play/buy it."
76561198072511830,Recommended,283640,29523706,Posted: 27 January,all,L.4Ghost7,10/10 - best Game
,Recommended,283640,29521420,Posted: 27 January,all,Selwing,A 2D more gorey souls game. With alot of salt.
,Recommended,283640,33064690,Posted: 30 June,all,TsrifElddimTsal,Walked into a room with spooky ghost people that would put Call Of Duty hit markers on me then hang me.10 / 10 would get quickscoped lynched again.
76561198289854585,Recommended,283640,33710205,Posted: 21 July,all,NinjaKitsune,"So... In the spirit of a recent Dark Souls binge I've been on for the past week or so, I decided to pick up Salt and Sanctuary after watching a video on Souls-likes that are just as good as Dark Souls. And Praise the Sun is this game awesome! It really reminds me of Dark Souls III with elements of Castlevania.The game being a Metroidvania alone is mostly what drew me to this game, but what also did was the art style which really goes with the game. And the soundtrack is awesome too.Definitely get this game. If you're craving a good Souls-like with From Software ending the Dark Souls franchise with III, this is definitely a must-have."
,Recommended,283640,32225756,Posted: 6 June,all,Nigerian Prince,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198079160151,Recommended,283640,31190692,Posted: 16 April,all,klaus.tannenberg,"Awesome, it's been a long time since game gives you more and more butthurt and you keep asking for more."
76561198026848095,Recommended,283640,28301043,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Malice,Great game.
76561198161120719,Recommended,283640,32660991,Posted: 22 June,all,Repete628 + TheOGMedicSpy,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game it had me crying in the my room. THeone ♥♥♥♥ problem with is game is there is no ♥♥♥♥ing online co-op but other then that its good.
76561198295869422,Recommended,283640,28156238,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,...,PRAISE THE SALT !
76561197993759726,Recommended,283640,29107025,Posted: 7 January,all,Obsoletion,"This game gets compared a lot to Dark Souls, and not without reason, but it definitely doesn't feel like some cheap rip-off. It has a beautifully macabre atmosphere and mysterious mythos, and the animations feel very lively. It does a very good job of capturing the essence of what makes the Dark Souls franchise appealing, a learning curve so vast it seems insurmountable until you start to climb it, and applies it to 2D action platforming to considerable success. If you like RPGs, and especially if you like Dark Souls, and you're looking for something that demands more care and persistence than the stereotypical brainless AAA fare, you will almost definitely love this game."
76561198042383884,Recommended,283640,34079346,Posted: 7 August,all,Galdanwing,good
,Recommended,283640,34076116,Posted: 7 August,all,Zeinovi,This needs to be online coop because this game is so fun to play with others and I feel it would be a lot better if you could play with friends that aren't nearby. The difficulty level is on par with Demon Souls so it's hard but once you get use to it that it kinda gets easier.
,Recommended,283640,34301838,Posted: 17 August,all,Frisk,it's like Dark souls and Bloodborne.But in 2D10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,283640,28462850,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Firenor,Very nice! Dark Souls but in 2D. Would love to have more games like this!
,Recommended,283640,29657042,Posted: 2 February,all,Gayrat the Gay,i love the game
76561198226108140,Recommended,283640,30419550,Posted: 9 March,all,beanerknight22,hard but awsome
76561198013245676,Recommended,283640,25969369,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,FRED FUCKSTONE,this is dark souls 2D lol
,Recommended,283640,26446319,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Aghnim,2D souls / castlevania hybrid. What's not to like?
,Recommended,283640,26964152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Law,"A 2d Dark Souls like game that any fan of that genre should play, with interesting classes, a huge skill tree, difficult bosses, Great game overall, only thing that would be amazing would be Online Co-op. ps this has great Co-op"
76561198321470516,Recommended,283640,26991695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gabrielcarter943,"Very fun and addicting. Love the gameplay, but would definetly recommend DLC for veteran players."
,Recommended,283640,28018936,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Solaranium,👌🏼
,Recommended,283640,28270002,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rlgn,PRETTY SALTY
76561198323248385,Recommended,283640,28279160,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,LithiumBabyCakes,"When I first heard about this game I had my doubts but though ther still may some kinks and bugs, I feel this game has great potential."
,Recommended,283640,29125813,Posted: 8 January,all,MASK de Smith,Cribs almost everything from Dark Souls (with a little Castlevania: SOTN thrown in) but still rather enjoyable! The aesthetic kind of blows but it plays rather well. I've only played it co-op and I think it would be less interesting by yourself.
,Recommended,283640,29139310,Posted: 9 January,all,TearyMov39,Got to NG+3 Level 269Found Save Breaking Bug that removed my Blood Vial and Flasks of Defilement from inventory.GG was fun game.
76561198171882882,Recommended,283640,29707619,Posted: 4 February,all,Evernight,Good enough.
76561198019622318,Recommended,283640,25972167,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mr. Cashmere,Only 5 hours in and this is a great game so far. Takes a lot from the Souls games and adds its own flair. Switch to this when I get frustrated in Souls
,Recommended,283640,25976174,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wheagle,"Hard, but fun. Tight controls mean it's all you when you fail. I have rage quit so many times already, but I keep coming back. Why? Because it's so good."
,Recommended,283640,25977659,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,RePuLsE_BeAtS,"amazing game, could very wells be a souls game - 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,25977797,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cathe,"I bought it because some people said it plays like Dark Souls. That's true to some point.What does Salt&Sanctuary have?1) kinda hard difficulty2) unforgiving enemies3) amazingly dark art style4) some intersting weaponsHowever, it's 2D, so it has some features linked to it1) some monsters/bosses has some VERY cool concepts, imbossible to recreate in 3D2) there is no one-hit killing bosses, since it's nearly impossible to dodge every attack3) player has very high damage-per-second output, mages can kill any boss in just a few bursts4) since you get hit often, healing potions are way too effectiveSo, basically I'd say it IS 2D Dark Souls, just rebalanced."
76561198001904615,Recommended,283640,25985947,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Abyssal Knight,Tired of dark souls or bloodborne? Try it in 2D with this gem.
76561198072241601,Recommended,283640,25987218,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hepheisto,"Souls => SaltBonfire => Sanctuary3D => 2DEverything else is like dark souls.Artstyle, gameplay, difficulty, boss fights, weapons, upgrades, transmutions, classes, weird NPCs, cruel traps,..."
,Recommended,283640,26036982,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HIGH OCTANE TOXIC,really fun and challenging game. a 2D sidescroller dark soul is best to describe this game. worth every penny.
,Recommended,283640,26038113,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Raatha,"This game is incredibly fun.  I never played Dark Souls, but my understanding is that it's DS-like in a 2D metroidvania style format.The game is everything you want in a game like this.  Challenging, but not overly so.  Beautiful.  Deep.  Fun.  Tons of replay value.ProsAmazing art styleVery fun combatTons of replayabilityLots of options for different character builds and weapon/armor/magic typesGreat level/area designGame is a challenge, requiring you to really think about your strategies for every bossAMAZINGsoundtrack - especially the final boss fight (gave me goosebumps)Cheap - the pricetag on this game is very cheap for how much replayability you get and how fun the game isConsSome builds aren't as effective as others - but honestly i think that's intentional for people to be able to challenge themselvesSome people complain about the RNG - but in my experience, the times I was crying about RNG were times that I wasn't properly prepared for what I was fighting (like stat resistances to enemy damage, that sort of thing)Honestly, I only added the cons because I couldn't really find any.  Those 2 cons I listed aren't really negatives to me, but might be to some people.Anyway, if you like games like this, this is a must purchase."
76561198096912761,Recommended,283640,26062859,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,夜寒知我心,good game
76561198106276101,Recommended,283640,26121491,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Uiagneach,Spectacular Game! You like a challenge? like dark fantasy? like Cthulu? get this game.
,Recommended,283640,26306248,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lyongazelle,"Fantastic game. If you like Dark Souls, you'll love Salt and Sanctuary. It is difficult, unforgiving, yet deeply satisfying."
,Recommended,283640,26328626,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The Dude,Dark Soul for plebs.But I still like this game.
,Recommended,283640,26415703,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Brawny,basiclly A DarkSouls For dummies  Mixed with 2d graphics
76561197960381787,Recommended,283640,26979699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asterian,Awesome game ! So many ways to play !
,Recommended,283640,26985910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wildebeest,"Awesome game, Dark Souls 2d platformer with more options than Dark Souls has and just as cool everything else."
,Recommended,283640,27993827,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thaleszvania,Awesome game! :)
76561198074018997,Recommended,283640,28212405,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,Basically Dark Souls as a 2D platformer.Awesome.
76561198041227652,Recommended,283640,29113211,Posted: 8 January,all,♠Akket♠,"A good successor to soul series with lots of new game mechanic concepts (espicially the re-claiming of the salt part), but to me it seemed like by aquiring a specific weapon very early in the game the whole of the game becomes a face roll. A little balancing is neccessary regarding a few of the weapons. But beside that A-class game."
76561198013337623,Recommended,283640,29118950,Posted: 8 January,all,Kane_Helland,"Jogo muito bom, um Dark Souls 2D muito divertido recomendado"
,Recommended,283640,29452093,Posted: 23 January,all,AeroCross,"Everything a platformer should be. Unbeliavable beautiful, engaging gameplay, mysterious plotline, variety of builds.And so. Much. Blood."
,Recommended,283640,29486068,Posted: 25 January,all,エロ仙人 Ero Sennin,#saltbaeMust buy this.
76561198239186232,Recommended,283640,29673753,Posted: 3 February,all,Tomogotchi,"Basically Dark Souls sans 1 dimension, but if Dark Souls hits your addiction receptors like it hits mine, this game is for you."
,Recommended,283640,29880904,Posted: 12 February,all,Fuelled_By_Coffee,I enjoyed this more than Dark Souls 3
,Recommended,283640,29902470,Posted: 13 February,all,garn bust a nut,Dark Souls + Salt + Platforming = A happy person
,Recommended,283640,29109069,Posted: 7 January,all,Haten,Darksouls metroidvania that gives you plenty of salt.
76561197987208168,Recommended,283640,23044973,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hairy0tter,Absolutly amazing!!! Dark souls made 2D!!! love this game!!
76561197993791428,Recommended,283640,23047848,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SerialChiller,"Souls Fans Will Love This Game. So Would Catlevania Fans.Souls in this game are called Salt.the game is made in the  fasion of a Castlevania-2D Dark Souls vibe.No, it is not ""exactly"" Like Dark Souls. But the game is as close to it for a 2D side scroller-RPG.Played the PS4 version, Loved it. Started to Play this PC version. and its Great as well.1080P on a 24 inch monitor is awsome."
76561198052094568,Recommended,283640,23052806,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ollides,"I've played for just shy of an hour and i must say... this is the best 2d ""dark souls"" game that we can come by. Great Job!"
,Recommended,283640,23074024,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Abraham,"Really Great. I would not say its Dark Souls 2D but its pretty dang close. I love when you die, lets say an Zombie Archer Kills you, you will have to kill him to get your ""souls"" or salts back. Instead of just walking to were you died, adds little twists to the Dark Souls like games. I love Skill Trees. If you like Path of Exile like crazy Skill Trees. Welcome to Salt and Sanctuary.Hand Drawn Animations as well as Backdrops/Charicters :) WINI can't rate the game yet because I have not played much to give it a score. But I can give it a Thumbs UP! And a middle finger here an there:)"
76561197976612002,Recommended,283640,23075635,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Katzenjammer,Played all the souls games and I like 2d action platformers.At first S&S started to grind on my nerves...15 hours straight later. I realised the game is a very good mix of genres genres and a good game overall.Buy it if you are thinking about it.
,Recommended,283640,23077746,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,silentpanders,If you have any love for Dark Souls and local coop just buy it.
76561198108998501,Recommended,283640,23078143,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dadork,"A pretty nice game as an addition to the Dark Souls games, though it definitely not is an alternative. I like the game so far exept for one boss...... The developers should be ashamed of themselves for ""The tree of men"". Worst boss i've ever seen, and i played Dark Souls 2"
,Recommended,283640,23091561,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Brave_William,"非常好的一个游戏！简直就是黑暗之魂和恶魔城的结合，让人欲罢不能。期待互联网多人游戏内容尽快到来A wonderful game! It just like a combination of Dark Souls & Castlevania,It can not easy to stop playing :) I hope we can play Multiplayer mode on Internet soon :)"
,Recommended,283640,23094619,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jerti,"If you like Dark Souls then you then you will love this game.*great boss fights*good skill system*fast gameplayFor your money you get alot of entertainment, my first playthrough took me 20 hours.But i did a lot of exploring and tried to get each boss.Edit:  i paid for this game not sure why steam says i got it for free."
,Recommended,283640,23094968,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DravenXX6,Can not go wrong with 2D Souls.
76561198063273288,Recommended,283640,23114037,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cpt_Weisemann,"Hard but fun game. I have died numerous times, annoyed and start over several times. When you learn patterns of enemies it becomes easy. If you like rpg/platform games like Unepic, play this one."
76561198025076797,Recommended,283640,23114796,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Valen,"Very good game, basically Dark Souls 1 in 2D. Sadly with the same balancing problems.With some fine tuning for the bosses and a slight nerf to magic dmg (combined with some better access to survival for mages, because the mage tree has literally 0 defensive nodes) the game could be 10/10, so far 8,5/10."
,Recommended,283640,23119810,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Roblol,"I have not played a 2D action game in a long time and Salt makes me think I have been missing out.Great game with fun mechanics and good amount varied weapons and spells.Aesthetically and atmospherically similar to a Souls game, but that's where I feel the comparison ends.Only gripe I have is that default controller scheme annoys me, but it can be changed so... just do it.My first impression and gameplay if you want to see some.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg0MxVTL_4c"
76561198044011017,Recommended,283640,23124886,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Puff,"This game is extremely fun if you liked any of the Dark Souls games and if you like platformers, It is quite challenging since they don't allow you to just stack butt loads of health. You gain health by leveling, roughly two levels is 5 health. You gain stats by putting points into the Skill Tree, not just allocating points into whatever you want. The melee weapons do have a little combo in them, according to your equipment load as well. Magic is really well done in this game, you lose your maximum stamina everytime you use magic, but you gain a little bit of it back after you use a potion. The game can be unfair, but hey, that's what happens when you play a ""Souls""-like game, nothing will be fair. Some bosses are challenging, some are fairly easy. There are even some moments where you can execute a monster by stomping their head in or stabbing them in the face while they're stunned. The visuals are nice, sound effects are wonderful, and music is pretty niceTL;DR : If you like any of the Souls games, platformers and blood flying  you should try this game. Challenging, fun, and for the price, it's well worth it."
76561198081863871,Recommended,283640,23130260,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ArchDraft,"Salt and Sanctuary is practically Dark Souls and Bloodborne mixed together and then put into a 2D game. The game is a lot of fun, but it can also be quite frustrating. The controls are slightly weird and it can take a little bit of time to get used to them, but they are responsive. The graphics in the game are great. There are sanctuaries in the game, which act the same as bonfires in Dark Souls. Also, the salt that is in the title for the game is also supposed to represent the player's mood while playing the game.Sorry this isn't the greatest review. I'm literally struggling to stay awake to write this. Also, I'm sorry for any grammar errors.For a better look at my opinions on the game, check out my video on the game:https://youtu.be/u8m3vhGmVmw"
76561197970626567,Recommended,283640,23135905,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MAQ,"Excellent Game, highly recommended.  This is a game that takes time and effort, I haven't played the PC version much but I played it on the PS4, the PC version is even better. This is a game you need to treat with respect, to fully appreciate and enjoy. I am a Huge Fromsoftware Soul's fan, and this game is similiar in many way, I would say any Dark Souls Fan should not be without this game in their games collection."
76561197985699465,Recommended,283640,23140216,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nimious,This game is like a 2D version of Dark Souls. It is AWESOME and worth every penny. A must own... you won't be disappointed.
76561198016759201,Recommended,283640,23143107,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Arkadius,"i dont normally write a review but when i do , its normally because i love the game this is a amazing dungeon rpg(metroidvania) with a amazing rouge like  twist its worth every dollar i spent and every grain of salt i lost.and im hoping for a sequel or another game  similar."
,Recommended,283640,23145565,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,明るいの悪い面,"StartedDark SoulsSalt & Sanctury and don't cared about the story. Heard Princess, thought Mario and ran into the game. Killed many Creeps fatality, get salt(y) and killed more and more.10/10 Would kill any more"
,Recommended,283640,23155432,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,zaquerra,"pros- 2D side scroll game- souls like- roll to git gud- small size only 500+ MB- brands!cons- need to git gud- only one music boss (beated 8 bosses so far, and the music sounds same)- no online coop or pvpgreat game 9/10"
76561198024404011,Recommended,283640,23190860,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Thoughtzilla,"So much Salt in the negative reviews... hopefully they git gud and find Sanctuary elsewhere.I'm garbage at 2d platformers but I enjoy them and since S&S was supposed to be so much like the DkS games in 2d I had to check it out. I'm really glad I did because this game is great! It's a little too short to explore everything (in terms of builds and weapons) in just one playthrough, which is nice because you are able to repeat the game via the learned paths but using different methods of combat each playthrough (very very similar to Dark Souls).Personally I went with 2h Swords and 2h Hammers and found the game challenging but not overly so - the difficulty is about where it should be IMHO. The art is fantastic (with the odd and notable exception of your character's head, it looks like Sockboy f**ked a beanbag chair) and suits the game well. I experienced no frame rate drops or any crashes, seems to be well optimized.The local coop is awesome, feels like playing a 2d diablo on the PSX back in the day and it's really unique in that it allows both players to develop their characters side by side. Any items you find in the host(Player 1)'s game are automatically given to the guests (Player 2), and if Player 2 loads their game they will have everything gained (minus the story items) in their world.10/10 if you have someone local coop to play with7/10 if you're playing alone (like me) you loser you."
76561198221763996,Recommended,283640,23192086,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,. Dot,10/10 would ring the bells of awakening again.
,Recommended,283640,23197834,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,S0meCasul,It's a good game nuff said.
,Recommended,283640,23199683,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Boi Troelzn,Dark Souls + Smash Bros = <3
76561198067301935,Recommended,283640,23201596,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Aisamai,"You know, I murdered enough zombies to make the L4D crew applaud, ate enough salt to fill up like 3 more oceans, killed a whole bunch of things made out of tentacles and nightmares, and got gangbanged by Narwhalicorns a few times...But I never did find that princess. I just don't know how Mario does it; bare handed, even. It really makes you respect plumbers."
,Recommended,283640,23204388,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ONE GIANT SIZE SHIT BITCH BEAR,"Great game. Buy it.The only downside is that you have to stop playing to like, work and sleep and stuff."
76561198064865663,Recommended,283640,23206091,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DiegoZeroX,"What a game!So salty, so good!It's nice and cool!But this great cretion...!Needs On-line Co-Op!I love games like this, but seriously, add some way to play On-line, the DS's Soapstone way would be so nice.Please.Seriously, please."
76561198066098813,Recommended,283640,23211583,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,"Alt3r, Eldritch Hero","It's a fun game. That is pretty much my review, I loved the castlevainia rpgs like Aria of Sorrow and Symphony of the Night and this is game just that with a bit of souls mixed in, which works! If you don't like the art style or are not a fan of platformers don't force yourself to play this game because you like souls, you will just get salty =P"
,Recommended,283640,23245077,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,hrdwarhax,"Not only is it just a Souls game, its done quite well. its challenging to the point of infuriation but it makes me want to come back for more."
76561198105751098,Recommended,283640,23256289,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ephaeton,"Okay, it's a ""souls game"". The term has been damaged by From Soft lately though. So let's call it what it is: A damn good game, a vortex for your free time, and a world that you get more and more keen on learning all the shortcuts through. And then you get branded, and can explore the world upside down. And then, you get to do even more platforming. And reexplore.As a souls player, you know the mechanics already (even though, most evilly, the default setup of the controller is not like dark souls at all!). Take care of your distance to the enemy. Time your swings. Use the animation. Block. Roll. Parry. In contrast to the ""real"" Souls, even jumping can be quite helpful. The 2D nature of the game gives jumping (i.e., platforming) a deeper importance anyways.The biggest asset of the game though, IMO, is its world. I just need to know more. I haven't beaten the game yet, but I am not driven to find the ""exit"". I want to dig deeper, and deeper. And thankfully, so far, I have been able to. Even in the light of Dark Souls 3 being released this year, IMO, S&S is the best souls game this year - if you only consider single player.I hope Ska Studios get a non-hotseat, i.e. true online, multiplayer to work - this would make S&S the definite souls game of 2016. Until then, all you can do is confuse/trick/help others with your messages in bottles (or, as far as I have found out).That being said, if you don't play Dark Souls to PVP vs. newbies, you should buy this game. Easily a 7/10 (in a world where you would use 0 to 10 out of 10 and not 8.5 to 9.5 out of 10, like most gaming media seem to do). Enjoy!"
,Recommended,283640,23281690,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hydra Dominatus,"Very decent game, even it's a pure copy/paste of the SoulBorne serie. Everything is the same. Including the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitbox of DKS2.Visual are ok, gameplay is alright (KB+M is awful, it's like DKS). Only one music for every boss except the final one, that's awfully lazy if you ask me.7/10, Praise the salt, etc..."
76561198118416766,Recommended,283640,23313021,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Spearstorms,Salt and sanctuary is exactly what you'd expect from a 2d Dark Souls the combat is interesting and the game keeps your attention the whole way through I would give the game a 9.5/10 not 10/10 only due to the fact that some bosses mainly the flying ones would fly off screen so I could not hit them which cost me a couple boss fights most notably the witch
76561197993815207,Recommended,283640,23358431,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"This game is fun and does a good job capturing the Dark Souls feel.  That being said, the majority of your deaths end game are going to come from falling to your death because more focus is placed on challenging level design over challenging encounters.  Even though the game isn't without its share of flaws, it's still worth the price being asked.  You'll probably appreciate the first half of the game quite a bit more than the second half."
,Recommended,283640,23396925,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Lornedhocksmith,Git Salty!
,Recommended,283640,23419323,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr._,I got impaled by a unicorn and died. 10/10 will die again.
76561198032249196,Recommended,283640,23419582,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lancar,"This review comes from someone who actually never played Dark Souls. Any of them. I might get into it after this, though.That said, it's nearly impossible to not see the similarities just from what I've heard and seen of the Souls series prior. You get to create your hero, select class & looks, and then you're thrown in head first into a fight you cannot win and die horribly.With that out of the way, the game begins for real. In a nutshell this is a 2D platforming action game where you navigate dank labyrinths while slashing/crushing/burningg/stabbing the enemies in your path. Along the way there are plenty of treasure and secret areas, spread out in a metroidvania-like pattern where some are accessible right away, and others locked behind an ability barrier.The island which the game plays out on is seperated into differently themed areas, all of which have 1-2 bosses guarding the exits to the next. Each area usually have more than one exit, and several shortcuts to the others, unlocking the paths to earlier areas as you explore, so the way you progress through the game can vary. If you find a particular boss too hard, there's nothing stopping you from turning back and trying another one in a different area instead.All the while you're exploring the island you'll accumulate Salt, the games ""experience currency"". Salt is used for levelling up (via the Tree of Skill, a system a bit similar to the sphere grid of Final Fantasy 10), as well as weapon and armor upgrades. Gold will be dropped by enemies as well, and is used for buying new items, as well as being deducted as a penalty for dying.Speaking of dying, you'll be doing a lot of it. The platforming the later stages of the game can be a bit messy, and the bosses throughout the game are very deadly indeed. Dying means that all your salt will be lost and a percentage of your cash as well. However, the salt is absorbed by the enemy that killed you and by returning there you have a chance to reclaim it by killing him in turn. Should you die again before that, however, the salt is gone for good. Bosses have a containment threshold in their HP bars which you need to wear them down past for them to release the salt they've stolen, which means that even if you lose a huge chunk to a hard boss you don't have to actually kill him to get it back, hurting him to about 1/3:rd HP is enough, and you can quickly warp back to safety with the goods.What will keep you playing this one is the allure of levelling up and growing more powerful, locating secret treasure, as well as finding new and more imposing bosses to conquer. The atmosphere of the game is a bit too oppressive sometimes, I feel, with the dark caves giving way to even more dark caves in the next area after that, even if some variety does exist (Dome of the Forgotten was great).Like in the Dark Souls series you will find player-made messages strewn about the island in the form of bottled letters. Most are helpful, some atmospheric, and others just try to mess with you. You can write your own using a set of pre-written words to try and warm your fellow players of impending damge, clues to help them, or directions to secrets.Or you can just trick them into jumping of a cliff.Yeah, I fell for that. Pun not intended -.-All in all, it's a fun game with visceral combat, RPG-elements and metroidvania-like exploration. You can use keyboard+mouse or a controller, whatever you prefer. Both are prefectly viable. I completed it with Kb+M without any control issues. The levels are well designed and the bosses hard, but all have weaknesses you can exploit (both elemental  and clearly telegraphed moves). With the exception of one of them, they're all imposing but fair (Curse you,  Disemboweled Husk! *raises fist*)If you're into platformers and Action-RPGs, you definitely should check this one out."
,Recommended,283640,23426100,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Yonder I wander,Great Souls-like 2D game.Too bad there's no online pvp\coop.
76561198064672755,Recommended,283640,23427335,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Crazyraven,"This game is an amazing addition to the challenging arpg genre! If you like hard games this one is for you! Its 2D playstyle and level system change the formula of the arpg genre keeping it fresh and different while maintaining the complexity and the freedom to beat the game how the player sees fit. I found the amount of bosses and their drastically different move sets forced me to change up how I played making the momment I beat them that much better. As I fought my way through the world several times I would find new paths and bosses leading to areas I hadn't even caught a glimpse of in my other playthroughs. Even the first boss which seems unbeatable could be beaten with enough skill, and I love how the game rewards you for beating all of its trials. The gameplay allowed for so much freedom of choice and the bosses were so much fun I had to 100 percent this game. 10/10 prepare to die alot!"
,Recommended,283640,23440261,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Christian Bale,"Salt and Sanctuary is a 2D adventure rogue-like indie game wich is influenced by Dark Souls in its mechanics.There are 30 hours of playthrough. The whole art of this game (music, efects, landscape) is almost perfect imo.However, there are a few things about mechanics that doesn´t make me comfortable.The hitboxes are irreal. There aren´t too many weapons to transmute. There aren´t a map (I know dark souls hasn´t got one, I played 300 hours of DS), or at least make the  shortcut system easier to remember.All in all. This game is great although it´s designed by an indie company.Buy it, and enjoy."
76561198039704564,Recommended,283640,23538320,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AngryGingerKyky,Highly highly recommend this game!!!!!!!!!! i played it on my friends Ps4 and i absolutly LOVED it. when i found it came to Steam i bought it immediatly. If you love Dark Souls and old style platform games this is def a must have. The name seems a bit strange but dont be thrown of by the name. there is so much in this game it litterally feels like a dark souls game.
,Recommended,283640,23628611,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nortoplpopolis,"This game is very good value. It is honestly the best $18 I have ever spent on a new game.  It has tons of content and is incredibly well designed.  Very good ""Metroidvania"" or ""Ability gated exploration RPG"".  Highly recommend.Many people mention this game is like one of the 2D RPG Castlevanias had a baby with Dark Souls. What they fail to mention that this baby is fed by an Improved version of Final Fantasy X Sphere Grid leveling system.Gripes:Fall Damage in a Metroidvania(Got used to this very quick, but it still bugs me)No noses on Player/NPCs.Controls seem to ignore inputs every once in a while. (Both steam controller and Dual Shock 4)Item Descriptions not included in character creation.No online multiplayer(forgiven given the size of the Dev team and Price of the game)Praises:Mobility Upgrades for progress are clever so far.Bosses challenging but fair, and difficulty is chosen by how much you grind.Web like world design.Interesting leveling system.Cool Weapons.Interesting Magic Systems that are powerful with drawbacks/challenges.(Prayer and Spells)Local Co-Op, for friend+couch action.Mysterious NPCs/NPC Questlines.Ambigous Main Quest."
,Recommended,283640,23658242,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[Sinner],"Salt and Sanctuary is basically a loveletter to the Dark Souls franchise developed by a team comprised of two. Thought i'd point that out first of all because the final product is pretty damn impressive.The game has some pretty good controls, they felt natural as soon as i started playing. (I say natural, not identical to Dark souls because it isn't.)Also, you can play with a controller (which i recommend) and better yet, you can play local with a friend! So get that Stone Sellsword and call upon your homie to embark upon a very salty adventure.Sidenote: Next to a Stone Sellsword, you need to have an already made character in another slot on your machine, your friend will pick one of your other characters to help out with.The early areas in this game are relatively forgiving as compared to the later parts where you're expected to have learned how to handle yourself which is nice.  I would say there is a slight difficulty spike halfway through maybe but it's nothing you shouldn't be able to get past in a few cases of trial and error.That's not a bad thing of course, we live in a time where most games continuously hold your hand throughout your playthrough so a game that expects you to... well, get good, is nice enough.There's an enormous skill tree to tweak to your liking, a lot of armor you could wear and a good deal of weapons to choose from, always nice.I personally cleared my first playthrough at just under 15 hours i think but i'll still be playing more of this game because there are NG+ options like in Dark souls and you can always experiment with different builds.The enemies are plentiful and some a right♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to learn to fight but that's part of the experience really.The bosses are different in many ways and where you may 'first-try' one boss, you can die six times on the next, only to defeat it the seventh but regardless it should feel nice and rewarding when you do.  I know i felt like that.Personally, i couldn't wait for this to go on sale so i bought it as soon as i had the money for it.If you're a fan of 'souls like' games this should be a game for you so i definitely recommend picking it up.Hope you enjoy this game as much as i do and PRAISE THE SALT."
,Recommended,283640,23668076,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Frank the tank,"I could wax lyrical about this game but I'll keep it down to simple pros and cons.Pros:. Beautiful environments, hideous enemies and bad♥♥♥♥♥weapons. It looks good!. Enormous world with seamless transitions between areas. No loading screens!. In-depth, tactical combat and genuine challenge. You feel skillful when you win.. Enormous skill tree and hundreds of items. You can make the adventurer you want.. Other players online leave gravestones and corpses behind in interesting places. See how your friends are dying!. Local co-op is smooth and fun and very rewarding.Cons:. The platforming can be very tricky and downright unfair. Enemies kill you plenty but falls kill you more.. The story is oblique and sparsely referenced. You don't feel like you're part of any narrative aside from whatever you're telling yourself as you play. There IS a story there and a good one too, but you have to read the skill tree and item descriptions for it.. Not all skill build paths are equally viable. Light armour for instance, has few good items, but you're tripping over plate mail. Magic almost trivializes the game with how strong it becomes.. Hurtboxes and hitboxes are sometimes wonky. Prepare to get grabbed and slashed by attacks that you thought you had avoided.. Certain enemies are arguably unfair. A particular boss is notorious for 1-shotting you and the fight is gruelling.Overall recommendation:Beautiful, challenging, sometimes frustrating but immersive in spite of itself, this game rocks. Buy it!"
76561198108052544,Recommended,283640,23685259,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Rocky,"Spent half an hour killing the unspeakable deep, because ♥♥♥♥ dieing to that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥By the way thank you Michelle and James for making an awesome game!"
76561198030946828,Recommended,283640,23689845,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Krethak,"This game is too good to be true, it is what DS2 and DS3 should have been.10/10 no doubt, buy it now.But please be cautions around the woods you might break you controller.No I did not break mine, what are you talking about? o_o"""
76561198027329547,Recommended,283640,23718785,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,EliasMessias,"Salt and sanctuary fills the empty gap that dark souls left in my heart. I can feel that a lot of love went into making this game, and I think any player can have many hours of fun with it. This is of course particulary true for Souls players. Also, I really enjoyed the addition of classic platformer elements in a souls-like game."
76561198111642795,Recommended,283640,23744957,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,quensoa,"Where to begin? This game was a blast to play through, from start to finish (mostly). Dark Souls' heavy influenence on game mechanics is apparent, but there is also some new and inventive ways that they introduce game mechanics. Platforming is fun, especially when you recieve brands. The death system is also cool, where an enemy absorbs your salt after you die. While it is difficult like Dark Souls, it is sometimes difficult to the point where its simpily unfair (one boss in particular). Regardless, its still a fantastic title for anyone whos looking for a brutal expirence that's also rewarding. The last thing I want to mention is the story. The introduction is super vauge at first, with the story being completely missable. I think the only reason I didnt miss the story is because I'm so used to Dark Soul's method of storytelling now. Anywho, what really intrigued me was the names of the locations and the visual storytelling that it borrows from Dark Souls.(Spoilers ahead)The names are all so intruiging, such as ""The Crypt of Dead Gods"", ""The Pitchwood"" and ""The Still Palace"" among many more. Ska's visual storytelling is hugely important and impressive as well. For example, The Crypt of Dead Gods is dark bleak and moldy. Gargantual enemies patrol around and its hard to see where the next platform is supposed to be. The water here is flowing upside down too. This is what I would expect to see from a area so ominously named. The Still Palace too is another great example. The scenery is almost blindingly white, and neat and orderly compared to the rest of the game. The transition from the Crypt to the Still Palace is beautiful, with blinding white stairs after beating the final boss of the Crypt that indicate a seperated existence. The palace seems so detatched from the rest of the world its astounding. Not to mention its only enemy is the boss, a great way to build tension in the final act. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the game. With solid game mechanics, a interesting but vauge story, and great set peices, I'd reccomend this game."
,Recommended,283640,23763513,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lotion,"I really enjoyed this game, and if you're a Souls fan you'll love this game."
76561198214987639,Recommended,283640,23766116,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,rossman747,"When everything clicks this game stand tall as everything you could want in a 2D Dark Souls, but when it flaws rear their ugly heads it will have you raging harder than Dark Souls ever did.Like everyone else my main problem is with the impercise timing and hit boxs.  One fairly early boss, a cyclops, has a competely unavoidable swing if your standing at his feet.  The grabs enemies do have weirdly long and big hitboxes too often seeming to suck you to them.  Platfroming will kill you a lot at first as well because of strange jump timing.Other than that the combat is quick, brtual, and bloodly.  Weapons types are varied and interesting.  Magic and Spells are powerful and have many uses. Evironment and enemy design are creepy and unnerving.Overall 8/10 would buy (but maybe wait till its on sale)"
76561198198779870,Recommended,283640,23774419,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LovingSensei,"I have to say, it has been a while since I have discovered such a gem. When I heard about Ska studios' ambitious project to create an RPG game I was a bit skeptical. After all, they are comprised of only two people; a husband and wife. Even with several years of development, ""Surely a two man team could not deliver something exceptional."" I thought in my mind. Perhaps it was my low expectations that lead to me absolutely falling in love with the game. Or perhaps the game is just very well made. I am leaning towards the latter.Well before I inevitably type your eyes out of your sockets let's elaborate on what this game is shall we? Salt and Sanctuary is a simple Metroidvania style RPG game with Dark Souls gameplay elements. It works, very well in fact. For those who dislike long reviews; the game is good and you will enjoy it if you like Dark Souls and Castlevania. Heck, you may love it if you just enjoy 2D games.For  those who want to know a bit more about the game, let's get into the meat of the review. Yes, the game is a Metroidvania Souls game, but it is much more than that; it has its own unique lore behind everything, areas that astound you the more you progress, enjoyable weapons with unique movesets, all manner of different playstyles, combine that with a very different artstyle and you have a game very full of enjoyment for a low price. Some dislike the artstyle, but I find it interesting that you can take such cartoony looking character models and make them menacing or somber. Perhaps it isn't the artstyle itself I adore, but the way the developers were able to present it as to bring out feelings from the player such as fear, melancholy, terror, etc. All from 2D character models and environments. It sort of solidifies the fact you do not need extremely beautiful graphics to produce a good game.The bosses are interesting as well and you can see the influence drawn from the Souls series; but not so much to be considered a rip off. Some seem almost inspired by a Lovecraft novel. The music was surprisingly enjoyable if not a bit anemic. I have to say, the music near the end of the game was a pleasant surprise and you will never expect it.The gameplay is very fun once you get the hang of the way your character moves and attacks depending on your weapon of choice. Magic is also an option and it is definitely fun if not a little weak early on. However that is remedied later; you will become a human nuke. Don't worry. Did I mention how satisfying it is to kill enemies? Because it is. Blood spatters everywhere and if you are using a sharp weapon you can catch certain enemies being decapitated.There's also a quaint little message in a bottle system similar to Dark Souls' message system and it is a nice touch.Now for the problems. Remember my doubts about a two man group producing a polished game? Well, some of that will come to light while playing the game. Exclusively in the balance department....Build variety is there, but the game is very imbalanced unfortunately, favoring greatweapon gameplay and shunning all other forms of gameplay other than magic.Wielding a greatsword by far is the easiest way to beat the game; add being a user of prayers and the game becomes trivial. Simply buff yourself and your greatsword and prepare to one-shot most enemies. Strength/Wisdom is definitely the way to go.If you play as a dexterity build you will be strong, but you will never be as strong as a strength or strength/wisdom build mostly due to the fact that many ranged weapons that scale off of dex do not do much damage, and the best dexterity weapons in the game are a bit weak.Heck, a strength/magic build is completely viable and is very strong given there is a weapon that equally scales off of both. It's mostly the dex weapons that have the issue, being a little useless. Add in also the fact that all pistols act like shotguns, that right there makes pistols a bit niche. You also give up a charm slot which is extremely risky given that charms give you all manner of powerups with your weapons. Would I really want replace my charm that increases weapon damage with this crappy pistol? No thank you.Some bosses feel a little bit cheap, given the fact every time a boss hits you, you fly 10 feet. That right there is an annoyance, and I wonder why Ska made that a feature with every boss in the game. It only leads to certain bosses comboing you to death, and leaving you with sadness. Some bosses also have unavoidable attacks if you aren't in the perfect sector, and this can lead to even more frustration.There's no online multiplayer, only local coop. Definitely a huge con for replayability, but expected given the size of the team.The default controls are very awkward and I changed them instantly when I found out you could remap buttons. Simply put, fiddle around with what makes you feel comfortable and do NOT play this game with a keyboard whatever you do.Music is a bit anemic like stated earlier but I give SKA a pass since they did not have a dedicated composer. In the least the music towards the end is very memorable.This is also an honorable mention; near the end of the game there are platforming sections and a certain enemy that will be mentioned shortly..... Let me tell you that these platforming sections are the most annoying platforming sections in a video game and while not required to progress, make it difficult for you to access optional areas. Now these enemies I mentioned prior are in the same area as these platforming sections; they have low health but are an instant kill if they hit you and there are three of them bunched together. They are cheap and I bloody hate them. Those of you who have played this game and are reading this, you know which enemies I am speaking of!Now if all these problems I mentioned were to be patched? I would have to say that this game would be close to perfect. It is a 9.0 out of a 10.0 for me in it's current state and personally, is a must buy for Souls and Metroidvania-style game fans. There's nothing quite like it that I have played personally, and you can't help but give credit to this lovely husband and wife team for putting out such a masterpiece amongst such a boring plethora of video games."
76561198021307248,Recommended,283640,23906762,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Apeonaut,"I know I have not played this game long (yet!) but Oh My God! Ska Studios games are awesome. Fantastic artwork, really fun and insanely difficult blood bathed  gore fest. I absolutely loved both the Dishwasher Games and Charlie Murder on the Xbox 360 and so I know without a shadow of a doubt that this game is going to impress. Also loving the character class/customisation. Will update this review when I have played more :)"
,Recommended,283640,23912266,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,piepie526,"Honestly, this game is really, really good. If you like the Dark Souls franchise, this game is perfect for you. It NAILS why the souls franchise is good. Amazing Atmosphere, hard and annoying (the good kind!), and awesome looking enemies and bosses. Add in a bit of platforming (which is flawed, but its good enough to satisfy) and nerve-racking exploration, you got yourself a really good game. I just wish I had gotten it sooner :)"
76561198000298969,Recommended,283640,23957277,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ulcerus,"If you're NOT into punishing/really challenging games you might want to steer clear.But, if you like Dark Souls you will probably like this as well. It's got everything Dark Souls has, but in 2D.Dark and evil medieval settingBig worldFrustrating deathsGreat sense of achievement as you manage to get further into the gameBosses (maybe a tad too many of those actually, haha)Great custumization-possibilites regarding playstyleReplay value (NG+)Stats and gear-fiddling to optimise your characterEerie musicLots of stuff to find if you're into collectingTook me a surprisingly 20 fun hours to complete the game and I'm not totally helpless in gaming.I strongly recommend playing with a controller!"
76561198035090697,Recommended,283640,24031547,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Atoshwong,"A fun, 2D Dark Souls esque game that makes no effort to hide the fact it is a Dark Souls esque game. Combat mechanics aren't THAT hard, but will be a challenge to those used to cuddly RPGs that hold your hand to lvl 30. Overall very fun, and the art style, although 2D, is amazingly done. Kind of reminds you of Darkest Dungeon in art style."
76561198094086385,Recommended,283640,24077391,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Comrade,Literally the best purchase I have ever made on Steam.
76561198007686002,Recommended,283640,24081365,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gun_Thurr,Two hours in and I already hated myself.10/10
76561198021102723,Recommended,283640,24094170,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ObsidianAlloy,"Prepare to die... in 2D! Most people wouldn't really think a 2D Dark Souls-ish would work out, but Salt and Sanctuary does exactly the opposite. The combat system/controls is similar to the Souls series with 1 or 2handing weapons, parry & riposte, combat rolling and equipment load among others. The leveling system is different, where you need to spend points in a MASSIVE talent tree (if you would spend a life time on it then you could truly become a Jack-Of-All-Trades).The levels themselves are quite short (but shouldn't be considered a bad thing), for example that when i defeated the first boss i managed to find the third (and later on the second) boss in as short as 10 minutes. It is worth checking out for anybody who is into Action RPG's. Stay salty my friends."
76561198043900294,Recommended,283640,24096426,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ftk90,"I didn't think a 2D dark souls would feel so much... dark souls. It's incredible how the game feels like it, and the difficuly level is really adequate for the genre. The world seems to be very big and you have to go back to previous areas with the abilities you collect fighting your way through the very well designed bosses you find. I found some bosses to be incredibly hard compared to others, so I feel like the weaker ones should be adjusted accordingly to provide a better challenge. Character progression is not based on raising the stats like in dark souls, but in a manner much similar to Final Fantasy X's sphere grid, where you decide how to spend your level up. The result is the exact same as dark souls though. Buy this game if you like metroidvanias, but also if you like dark souls. Do not buy it if you get easily frustrated."
,Recommended,283640,24116306,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vehlu Dullahan,"So what to say, it dose seem like a 2D darksouls but I have no objection with that I still have myself a good time playing it even if the platforming I kinda fail at, but with 28.3 hours of play time and beating the game 2 times I only wish for a online co-op I do recomend this game for people who wish to chalange themselfs and probley for a sence of pride for beating things like this because all fair do casual players cant get far into this."
76561198026488663,Recommended,283640,24248730,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Slan,"Already finished it on PS4 with a friend, now I'm going through solo on the PC version.This game is usually compared to Dark Souls because of the soul/salt system and the way checkpoints (bonfiers/sanctuaries) work but I think it's closer to Metroid type games. Granted, Dark Souls also takes heavily from those games but Salt and Sanctuary also involves lots of platforming and gaining new abilities like wall jumping to reach areas you couldn't get to earlier. But what's even more important is that this is an excellent game in its own right!"
76561198057745441,Recommended,283640,24337764,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DustyMech,"7/10Fun game, especially if you're craving a dark souls clone. But damn is it UGLY. Lmao sorry, there's no going around it. The game can be quite an eyesore."
,Recommended,283640,24338035,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KamuiGR,Fantastic game. Stylized with a verry good taste level. The atmosphere and the music and the gloominess makes it the most immersive platform I ever played.
76561198027339594,Recommended,283640,24376917,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,lordgorash,"You know already: 2d Dark Souls clone. Metroidvania. Looks great. Developed by 2 people. What's more to know?S&S has a great game hidden beneath a very rough outer shell. The first playthrough is harsh. The difficulty and the very real possibility of falling to your death impede Metroidvania exploration. The lack of a map doesn't help either. Several ingame mechanics are never explained like the creed system or the crafting system. If you know Dark Souls conventions you can guess some of it, but not all.If you do manage to finish the game though, every subsequent playthrough will be a blast and the real core of the game will shine - finding out how to play with different classes. At that stage you can compensate for shortcomings you didn't know your character had on the first playthrough. But getting there is unpleasant.The combat system has a lot of flaws. Two-handed weapons are way too strong. Heavy armor is basically useless. Magic flip-flops between completely broken and underwhelming one-trick pony and the elemental imbalance system is suppressed from the get-go. High level enemies drop crap noone needs and vital crafting materials are limited to one per playthrough.But all of these problems are a testatment that I played long enough to be actually aware of them. There is a brilliant game right here. After I finished I immediately started a new game+ and a new character with a different build. And I still want to play more. I'd advice everyone not comfortable with the harsh first playthrough to make liberal use of the wiki. As long as you don't spoil yourself on the crafting or on boss tactics it provides the missing information in game.Overall a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,283640,24377857,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Duke Of Dorks,I'm hooked. This game is great. Hack and slash adventure that is heavily influenced by the Souls series. Lots of references. Lots of choices. Lots of blood and darkness. Lots of anger and frustration. I love every bit of it. Great art also. Long Live The Dishwasher Samurai.
76561198074323144,Recommended,283640,24384561,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr Old Bear,"This is the best metroidvania i have ever played do not be afaraid by the ""2d darksoul"" thing the game is hard but fair"
,Recommended,283640,24397524,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,neowiz73,"amazing masterpiece of a game, Being a huge fan of the older 2D Castlevania series and Metroid on the NES. This takes me back to the great gameplay of a good 2D platformer with excellent RPG aspects, massive array of skill upgrades mapped out similar to Path of Exile. the Sanctuary system is a revolutionary part of this game.  along with the H.P. Lovecraft / Tim Burton design of creatures and atmosphere of the game.  very brutal and unforgiving.Take the time to gain levels before adventuring further, maximizing your gear and understanding the weaknesses of the bosses will help a lot."
76561197980456556,Recommended,283640,24431421,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Freemann,"Really fun game !Really complete, tons of things to do"
,Recommended,283640,24443331,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,skeletorD,"Dark souls but sidescrolling, very fast combat and great atmosphere! A buy if you like the Dark Souls series."
76561198018939765,Recommended,283640,24597957,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Chrome_Oo,Awesome game!
76561198235696380,Recommended,283640,24632866,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,chicopino,"Salt and Sanctuary is a metroidvania with ""Souls"" - like elements.  They did a fantastic job combining the two.  Its everything about those two genres done right with their own flair to it.  Weapons feel and act different as you find and create more and more equipment and its always exciting to use them.  Enemies have this odd air to them, mostly because you are unaware of what they are capable of (♥♥♥♥ing Spindlebeasts for example)... The bosses are by far fun to fight even the final boss and a few of the secret ones.  The artstyle is all handrawn and you can see how much effort was put in this title.  They husband/wife duo did a great job creating this game and I recommend this to anyone who loves a great metroidvania title like myself."
,Recommended,283640,24647616,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"Salt and Sanctuary is an homage to the Souls series (Demon Souls, Dark Souls 1 2 and 3, and Bloodborne), but it breaks away into its own, unique universe; and does so well. It's effectively a 2-D Dark Souls, or for those unfamiliar, a 2-D Action RPG that rewards exploration, attention, and strategy.There are plenty of diverse bosses, fun enemies, frustrating enemies, and interesting locations. While the game was ambitious, I found it to be a great success. The replay value is fairly high, and even those who don't have experience with the Souls series can find a deep joy in Salt and Sanctuary."
,Recommended,283640,24653765,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Skaarfist,"Dark Souls and Castlevania had a baby and it runs on my beat up old laptop! The only detractions I have are that sometimes the visual effects mess with my eyes, but idk if that is intentional or not, and the NPCs are pretty boring so far. Niether of these things lessed my enjoyment though, and I had a fantastic time playing it! I plan to pour many more hours into it. :D"
76561198074359954,Recommended,283640,24718945,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mobius,Game is crazy fun. Excellent job!
,Recommended,283640,24772617,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,swwZ,"It's pretty much side scrolling dark souls, if that appeals to you buy this ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game!"
,Recommended,283640,24873051,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cloverbird,I spent every free second playing this game during the first week of owning it.
,Recommended,283640,24886389,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Russian Cthulhu,"I bought this game on steam sale and at start was like ""meh, seems ok"", a month later i finally turn on the game and having a blast playing. It is pretty much like dark souls in 2d with drawn cartoonish design, that is integrated perfectly!Loving the challenge and the soundtrack! So if u like 2d adventures with a challenge, i recommend getting it!Also, would be nice to have online modes like pvp or coop. (Mb i am yet to discover that)"
76561198048913890,Recommended,283640,24941853,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,BasalticBeard,"FOR EVERYONE CLAIMING THIS GAME IS 2D DARK SOULS....You are absolutely correct.Basically, all of the game elements from the souls games in a 2D platformer. Very well done, and very enjoyable. If you want more of the DS vibe while waiting on the next game, pick this up. It's great."
,Recommended,283640,25001757,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Indrid,Amazing RPG platformer with strings attached to Dark Souls.  Awesome in co-op.
76561198114961950,Recommended,283640,25045709,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Master_Chief,"This game is really fun. It's not only very difucult, but it's also very fun and clever. There are spots in the game were you really have to think about what you're doing, and when you're too frustrated at the game for killing you a thousand times, other people can think for you with helpful messages. Although most of the time they're reaslly vauge, they will usually lead you to awesome items, or another piece of the story that will lead you deeper into the hidden lore of this amazing game. If you do not like a challenge, then I would not suggest this game to you. On the other side, if you love games like Dark Souls, I would HIGHLY recommend this game to you."
76561197979551053,Recommended,283640,23083724,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Elevator Doors,Everything Dark Souls in a nice 2D package. Expect a ton of deaths as enemies tend to blend in with the background or have insane reach. You will adjust but something new will always be on the next screen.
76561198072130015,Recommended,283640,23198598,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,thesaiyanpsycho,"Salt and Sanctuary is familiarity with a twist. Being a fan of the Souls games and Symphony of the Night, I was intrigued to discover this game, even more so when I discovered it was by the people who made Charlie Murder, which admittedly I didn't play much of. Not a fault of the game mind you, I'm just not that good at beat 'em ups. This however, I did, my time on record with this game should be evidence enough of that. All the important things from Dark Souls and SoTN are there. The platforming works well enough, a few explorative aid power ups to be found but nothing major. Points off for all that Dark Souls fall damage though, especially since a la SoTN a heavy attack will send you flying gayly across the screen usually to your death, especially in areas with a lot of dropoffs (i.e. Red Hall of Cages, Hager's Cavern, Crypt of Dead Gods, etc). The combat works great, it took the most important and best aspects of the Souls series in terms of the combat which translates surprisingly well to the two dimensional plane. The dodging, the parrying, the stamina and equip load management, it's all there and works just fine. The bonfire stand-ins, called sanctuaries, though fewer than the bonfires were still work just fine, smaller more temporary respite in the form of shrines offer no opportunity to level up but do heal and usually signal a boss is nearby. Covenants, or in this case creeds are present and do a few things to benefit the player, unfortunately unlike Dark Souls changing from one to another is not painless. The level up system is different from the Souls games or SoTN but still works well, a comparison was made to FFX's skill sphere system and the comparison is apt. Your ability to wear certain weapons and armor, which are divided into tiers, is determined by picking the appropriate enabling skill in the skill tree, which does limit what you can use and makes you pick and choose very carefully where to put your upgrade points. Two currencies abound here, salt (souls), and gold. Salt is for leveling up and upgrading gear, gold is for purchases at NPC vendors. Upon death, which in this type of game is bound to happen, you lose all your salt, which if you kill the offending enemy or spawned bat (no bloodstains here) you reclaim them, if you don't die on the way there that is. You lose about 10% of your held gold as well, which is not recoverable. Technically it holds up, I only encountered one minor issue that resolved itself in seconds. I think I covered just about everything, overall this is one of my favorite games of the year so far. There's a lot to recommend here, and for roughly eighteen dollars there's a lot of fun to be had, a solid 8/10."
76561197970186150,Recommended,283640,23212924,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Major Konig,Hands down one of my favourite new metroidvania games out there currently.  It's such a well polished game and is so good.  I will be watching and supporting these developers in the future.  I really hope they make more games like this!  Music is top notch graphics are superb.  Gameplay is well thought out and grinding XP and items are well thought out.  Some new unique mechanics that I've never seen before in gaming come through in this game.Well woth full price imo.  Buy it now!
,Recommended,283640,23265269,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Burbert,"I've waited for an entire year for this game to come to PC and it was worth the wait.It's a nice gem that's enjoyable to play.It has a wide range of weapons and amor,You can play as a melee or ranged figher. you can create a hybrid of both styles.You're gonna die more from gavity than monstersOverall I would recommend this to friends, if I had any....Really wished it had online Co-op or Pvp then this would be perfect."
76561198082622889,Recommended,283640,23295137,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Amante',Good Game
76561198046426750,Recommended,283640,23312351,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,nyk7979,"Thank you!  I love this game!  side-scroller, hacking and looting fun like I've not had in years!  I've been looking for this game for decades.  After years of drudging around poking at mechanics and tweaking out characters out of shear vice; I can finally say, ""I had fun playing this game.""  I want more of this.  More salt, more sanctuaries, more kickass bosses!  Take all of my money and pass me the kool-aid, I'm in!"
76561198042442645,Recommended,283640,23673636,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ryanrem,"This game is perfect for someone who wants to enjoy the classic Metrovania style with welcome change to combat and progression. Dark souls is a clear insparation to how combat works in Salt without being a carbon copy with the addition of combos and how magic is treated (Magic has its own MP bar but it as you use it you take a hit to your max Stamina). Bosses  arnt as challenging as they are in Dark Souls but that doesnt mean that they are a cake walk. The story is told through random NPCs, Beastiary entries and items and  does an amazing job of not only telling the story of the island but the entire world itself which is so F***ed up (No seriously take all the worst aspects of history and you have the world of S&S). For the price, this game is not something any fan of the genre should pass up on and i REALLY hope they do a sequel or at least some DLC."
,Recommended,283640,24081129,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HEAG,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib9hyNNC8YkSalt and Sanctuary is everything I want in life.  Dark Souls mechanics slapped onto CastleVania Symphony of the Night.  GAHHHH It's good!
76561197967632320,Recommended,283640,24668400,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,{R}BanditoBarry,"Great game. If Dark Souls and Metroid had a baby, this would be it. Good atmosphere, good mechanics, fun."
76561198289022884,Recommended,283640,24757719,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sultan.Vodka The Great,"This game is definately worthy for it's price. My only suggestion is that this game should have more fancy movesets like castlevania, because it would be boring to just roll and jump in a 2D game."
76561198055342723,Recommended,283640,23059205,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Never Again,I haven't been this angry in a long time 10/10
,Recommended,283640,23116794,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Badguy,"As a Dark Souls fan, I love it. I played it on the PS4 and I loved it so much that I bought it here as well. The low-level enemies are a bit easier on here than the Souls but boss fights are as epic. If you like Souls games, get it."
76561198143209295,Recommended,283640,23201173,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Khaidahx,"Love this game, feels like the original Dark Souls (best feeling ever, never been so scared and lost) and I can nothing but recommend it, especially if you love DS1 as much as I do, which is a.... LOT. :)Praise the salt!"
,Recommended,283640,23400512,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Loyonyart,"This has to be one of the only games to really capture the spirit of what the souls series is. It has a great soundtrack, the controls are tight, the combat system is awesome.The only gripes I have with it are:-Hitboxes are (just like in souls games) sometimes wonky-Systems are not explained thoroughly (I. E. What the hell the difference between creeds is), but the fanmade wiki does a good job at explaining them-Most importantly: This is a 2D game with a lot of branching paths and no map. You will at times get absolutely lost.Still an absolute recommendation to everyone who can't get enough of soulslike games."
76561198062481627,Recommended,283640,23489603,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ScolioReset,"For some reason, I wasn't expecting to like this game because I hate RPG titles with so much passion. But when I saw the limited-but-active combat system, I felt like it was the Castlevania game we'll never get. In fact, it is crazy to think that this game does everything better than Lords of Shadow: Mirror of Fate. The apprentice has beaten the master.Salt and Sanctuary is a 2D character-action game with RPG elements. With a focus on grinding and surviving, the game does have enough depth with the Tree of Skill since each class give you a chance to level up in a certain path. Using whip-based weapons, wands, poleaxes and, my favorite, the reapers.Each weapon behave in a way that you may feel confortable or not and giving the choice to the player is sommething that I appreciate. You can have a Mage using Wands and Staves as expected or you can do something a little odd and go for Magic and Axes. A Knight has access to Swords but can use Reapers and acquires gear that will make that Knight look like a Lord of the Underworld, a Leader of the Damned.The difficulty is real, I'm not too familiar with the Stamina system as I'm more used to pure character-action games like Bayonetta but Salt and Sanctuary has impressed with the presentation (beautiful art design) the actual freedom for the Tree of Skill, the overall design and the boss mechanics (and they are impressive to fight as awesome to look at) as well as the Brand system where they give you permanent upgrades to help you explore the world. The salt system can be frustrating at first but taking your time is a guaranteed pass for your survival. Patience is all you need."
76561198048636134,Recommended,283640,23743851,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bird_the_Word,"What happens when Metroid or Castlevannia Symphony of the Night had love child with Hard as hell title Dark Souls?  You get Salt and Sanctuary.Don't be fooled by its cutesy style, side scrolling game play fool you, this game ""Hell As Hard"", but fun as hell.  Done with Dark Souls 3? then check out this indie title, first on PS4, but now on PC go ahead and die and die again, all over again in 2D."
76561198035945698,Recommended,283640,24068238,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,UnlosingJohn,"I had a hell of a time with this game. I strongly recommend this to anyone who enjoys games in the metroidvania genre.Pros:-Massive character build customization-Enormous world with large variation in themes-Excellent atmosphere-Unique and nightmarish enemy and boss designs-Combat is visceral, fast, and satisfying-Challenging in a fair way, still lets you feel powerful-High replay value (in-game challenges, tons of classes and builds)Cons:-Controls may be difficult to grasp at first-No map, may get lost-Some mechanics may be obtuseOverall: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,283640,24098040,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NatredX,"It's good. Probably one of the best games I've played in a long time.Imagine Mega Man 2 but if the protagonist occasionally ran out of bullets and had to buldgen enemies to death with whatever weapons he found lying around. The combat is fluid and unique, the levels are well done with plenty of secrets. Definitely worth playing, even at full price."
,Recommended,283640,24220390,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Vbomb,Man the local co-op just makes this perfect for a fun time
76561198038209491,Recommended,283640,25642816,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mi,"Salt and Sanctuary is a game that takes a large amount of influence from dark souls in terms of aesthetics and some game mechanics such as the invincibility frames on rolls, parry ability, equipment load, and  messages left around the world. I went in thinking the game was going to be a 2D dark souls and in some ways it is but the more I played of the game I found it to take the form of a metroidvania after looking past the visuals.It provided a enjoyable difficulty. It was never extremely frustrating or difficult.The game has a skill tree; no abilities in the tree but there are different armor/weapon tiers, attributes upgrades, and expanded potion slots to be obtained.Beat it in about 9 hours with a greataxe/warhammer most of the game. I even considered playing it again.The only fault I find with the game is that there is no full respec option(limited). so you better know what build you want before going in.5 out of 5. It is a good game."
76561197999195138,Recommended,283640,23144669,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kapteeni Nemo,"As of posting this ""review"" I have about 4 hours of game time clocked. Initially I couldn't get into this game, mostly because it's so much like the souls games, but the controls are not at all.After realizing that you can remap the controls I had a blast with the game though."
76561198035020457,Recommended,283640,23612962,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,christianneihart,Good for one Playthrough. ♥♥♥♥ having to fight a boss I died close to 30 times again. I'm looking at you Tree of Men and Witch of the Lake. You know what you did. ♥♥♥♥ you two.
,Recommended,283640,23634831,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lawdom,"Art style and sound design that hold up rather well, does feel very much like dark souls (which is nice) challenging and satisfying to conquer. Worth the price it is on steam at the time of this review (£13.59)."
76561198307719694,Recommended,283640,23846928,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Crab,This is an amazing game! You don't have to like Dark Souls to fall in love with this game.
76561198027884008,Recommended,283640,23947970,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kamelot,"I played through this entire game in co-op and had so much fun with it. Currently going through a NG+ in co-op. We cleared the main game in about 18-19 hours (didn't do any sidequests/level up devotion).Review:Please note that I won't really touch on graphics/art because what you see in the screenshots is what you get.Characters/Classes:There are many different ways to play this game. You wanna cast spells? Go for it. You wanna shoot things in the face? That's an option. You wanna be Thomas the Tank Engine? Well, you can only be a tank, sorry. What's really nice is that you can customize your character to unlock skills from other classes.Upgrades and Skill Tree:You can transmute weapons and masks (don't think you can transmute armor) into a higher class, but you'll need to unlock the class of weapon/armor to use it. You can also just straight up upgrade weapons and armor.  Also, if you want to hold more potions, you have to unlock them in the skill tree.The skill tree itself is pretty straight forward. Though, the one thing I didn't really like is the fact that you can't actually increase your health - it's all based on your level. That means a level 50 mage and a level 50 knight have the same amount of HP from what I can tell. That's really just a minor thing and kind of forces you to really look at what your equipment protects against and to be careful.Map/Level Design:I'll have to emphasize the Metroidvania tag of the game so keep in mind that you'll get lost and possibly do some backtracking. My only complaint is that there's actually no map in game whatsoever, so while the first few hours was fun to just wander, it also became annoying. There's a vague guide out there that will at least tell you the order of things. Other than that, each area is unique, holds new enemies, which means new patterns to remember.Sound/Music:While I was eating dinner after playing for a few hours, the boss music got stuck in my head. Really, there are only two tracks in the game that really stand out to me, and that's just because one of them is the boss track and the other one makes me think something bad is gonna happen. Sound effects are good enough.Gameplay:Combat is smooth and satisfying. I love parrying enemies and then stabbing them and kicking them off. Oh, and stomping on their heads? Or if you have a tower shield, jamming that into the back of their heads? Doing those are incredibly satisfying. While it's incredibly satisfying to pull off and to watch, it doesn't seem to do too much damage against the tougher enemies - that might be because I wasn't building strength or had the best weapon at the time.Equipment weight has an affect on your running speed and as a result, it looks like it has an affect on jump distance. There's also a ""glitch"" that allows you to long jump, but I haven't mastered it. Also, I've had issues fighting enemies around ladders - mostly because I end up CLIMBING the ladder.Getting co-op can be a little annoying because you need to have a specific item to allow the second player to join in. You can start off with the item so player 2 can join pretty much immediately, but if you don't, you need to find it. Also, keep in mind that player 2 will need to have already created their character because you can't make a new character when you're joining a game. With that said, I think co-op makes the game easier, especially if one of you is the tank and the other is a ranged character. You still have to pay attention to your health and be careful, but you can take a few more risks since you have someone watching your back.There's also two ways to revive your teammate. One is to make it to a sanctuary or shrine. The other is to buy the revive prayer (this is a class 2 prayer).Tip: If you're playing co-op, keep in mind that you can teleport to each other if you're far away enough by opening the inventory and closing it.Tip 2: Get revive if you're playing co-op. It'll make the things easier (getting yoursoulssalt back is less frustrating). It's also nice for boss fights since without revive, if one of you dies, the other person has to either beat it alone, or die.Overall:This is an easy recommendation. Salt and Sanctuary is definitely challenging, and at times frustrating. If you're looking for a tough metroidvania with local co-op and some Souls elements, definitely grab it."
76561198114782031,Recommended,283640,24050551,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kuromori16,"I have yet to play a dark souls game, but have heard a lot.I heard about this game from word of mouth, and decided to check it out.This♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty hardcore, like an unforgiving version of a PS1 Castlevania game. There could and should be less grinding, but it is very rewarding customizing your character, and splattering your enemys bloody remians on the wall as you pass through. Be warned, this game will rub the salt in your open wounds when you die, again, and again, and again...."
,Recommended,283640,24071945,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Digfive3,Extra Salty
76561198053239809,Recommended,283640,24079621,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LordSoth67,If Dark Souls and Castlevania had a baby this would be its offspring.
,Recommended,283640,24239601,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Manilla Twist,"This game is a gruesome experience.  In a good way!  It will bring you up and cut you down.  It will bring you a sense of comfort once you get to know the particular kind of weird and gruesome an area has to offer, then sweep that comfort out from under your feet by showing you something on an entirely different scale of weird and gruesome that you never imagined possible.  It will get you so lost in the beautiful, horrible atmosphere that you won't care how many times you have to die and come back.  It wil get you so actually lost in the world but in the process will let you discover secrets and shortcuts that connect the world and help you immensely as you progress.  No matter if you choose to be an assassin weilding an arsenal of toxic weaponry, a mage with unparralelled control of fire and lightning, a paladin with the healing aid of the gods, a hunter weilding whip and pistol, or a chef weilding their trusty frying pan (yes, this is a thing you can choose to be), this game will both challenge and reward your favorite playstyle.There's 23 different zones to discover, 23 different bosses to defeat, a hundred different kinds of enemies to slay, and seven different creeds to pledge yourself to that will aid your preferred playsyle.  Not to mention the number of items, weapons, attire, charms, and rings you can get.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys metroidvania-style games.  It is more than worth the price of the game.  I just beat it, and I'm eager to take on NG+ and start a whole bunch of new characters to try out new playstyles.  I'm certain I'll be playing this game for a very long time.  To the makers of this game: You are amazing.  Thank you for bringing this into existence."
,Recommended,283640,24319667,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ooraka,"The game is challenging and punishing for stupid mistakes, even if you don't realize them. The same jump can and will get you, even after 100 times doing it perfectly. :)"
76561197972805184,Recommended,283640,25407170,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TICO,love it just like Dark Souls
76561198024930612,Recommended,283640,23080804,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,violentstreak,"This game is pretty great and quite the challenge. It will serve to whet the palate before ritual of the night goes beta. I dig the art style, although I do wish it wasn't so dark and fuzzy looking at times."
76561198244308976,Recommended,283640,23084129,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Wolfgamer478,"Really good, but I recommend using a gamepad, I use keyboard and it seems harder.Hardish gameplay but not too hard to make you want to stop."
76561198006524243,Recommended,283640,23144435,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hakija,"Very fun Metroid/Souls-like style hybrid. The visuals have a great feel ripped right out of Lovecraft, with smooth controls and well laid out levels. Interestingly, I didn't find the difficulty all that bad, and I've only felt like I got cheesed a couple of times. This may also be the first game I've ever played where playing as a caster is easier from the get-go. Souls veterans may have an easier time, but I don't think this one is quite as challenging.There is one thing (maybe a drawback for some) I do have to mention though. The lore of this game gets a little confusing at times. You need to read absolutly EVERYTHING here to get into the story. That includes all character dialogue, item descriptions, and skills. Again, this is very much in the spirit of a Souls game, but newcomers to that style of story-telling should be aware of it. These games do not present an easy to find narrative.Overall, I very much recommend this to people who enjoy Metroid and Souls style games. You absolutly do not have to be a Dark Souls verteran to play and enjoy this. The learning curve goes up smootly, and with some persistance, every challange here can be overcome."
,Recommended,283640,23192467,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,AshamedMadMaN,The Bones of Dishwasher + The Heart of Dark Souls + The Spirit of Castlevania = Salt and Sanctuary.Why Not?Nobody Talks about Dishwasher. That game was Awesome! Vampire Smile needs a PC release.Get to it!
76561197989740730,Recommended,283640,23197445,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,OWLS,I am a fan of Ska Studios' Dishwasher series of games and I'm a fan of Dark Souls as well.This game is really well done and delivers the exploration and combat of the Souls series in a side-scrolling style.You can tell this small team really pours their heart into their games by the amount of work they've done.
76561198088317733,Recommended,283640,23246484,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AnArcadeDied,"Just play it, you will hate yourself and love yourself."
76561198005771445,Recommended,283640,23303484,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Zebirdman,"its a complete 2d rip off from dark souls but with metroidvania elements to it.Loved it as much as dark souls, highly recommended."
76561198103552756,Recommended,283640,23416591,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Azhekurt,One of the best couch cooperative games I've played in recent years.It's worth every penny spent.
76561198108629703,Recommended,283640,23526031,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sleeping Bull,"So far I'm loving it.The local co-op is a nice touch, along with Messages in a Bottle, those are fun. Although it'd be nice if i can revisit a message I've left behind or messages I've read.The leveling up is actually pretty easy at first and the death penalty is no different than dark souls for anyone wondering.My only complaint; When I try to apply a different resolution on Full Screen, it crashes. I have to change it in Windowed mode. Other than that, git gud and don't get cocky."
76561198243054326,Recommended,283640,24657671,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Sporingrobot,"This game is basicslly a 2D souls game. As a fan of souls i dont see this as a problem. this game is pure rage and fun. often you'll find yourself so mad that you die from a stupid reason like forgetting that those floorboards collapsed. If you can look past all the rage though, you can find a truly amazing experience and one of the best souls like games out there"
76561197971153978,Recommended,283640,24695595,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Xaero,"Almost didn't buy it, because everyone says its like dark souls. I can't stand dark souls and this is great. Good thing I was curious enough and gave it a try anyway. Buy this if you hate dark souls :P This reminds me more of dust, which was also great. Just finished it and began NG+, still challenging. Good value, didn't encounter any unfair ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and had every boss after like 10 tries as cleric. If something is too hard, you probably use the wrong armour or the wrong strat."
76561198047010786,Recommended,283640,24781665,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Pawlack,This game gave me everything I was looking for. Dark Souls with coutch co-op. I hope they make sequel ;)
76561197970959934,Recommended,283640,23054994,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Fer_Maze,"I played it on ps4 and it's a great game. Plenty of weps, armor, secrets, builds... Awesome dark souls inspired game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,283640,23094932,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,nightingale2k1,2D Dark SOuls ... can you imagine that ?
,Recommended,283640,23123091,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,alcoholer14,"To be honest, I don't even like Dark Souls games so I won't compare these.This game is beautiful. Seriously, I'm tired of 8-bit colourful sh*tty visuals and music that indie loves.And this is hand-drawn gothic ART. I can't even imagine, how many hours of work it took. And I envy you, Ska Studios. Graphic, music, gameplay, difficulty - everything feels like wax-polished to almost perfect condition.So I will die again. And will be revived by mysterious cleric."
,Recommended,283640,23134433,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,best $10 I ever spent on steam.
,Recommended,283640,23139506,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Roxsen,">Create a new character>Tried learning the controls>Got Killed by the first enemy>woke up at shore>Found the sanctuary>left the sanctuary and found a massage>it says ""Leave Dark Soul""GG LeftDarkSoul/10"
76561198206025649,Recommended,283640,23149215,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NNohara,awesome game!
76561198104948551,Recommended,283640,23198425,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NeophyticScout,"Overall fun game, I like the style, gameplay, graphics and everything else. BUT the keyboard controls while working they're annoying. My controller recently broke so this was annoying to play. The mouse controls barely work when you click on something in your inventory it wont select. This is a great and fun game but unless you want to go through a really difficult game made even harder; buy a controller. I would personally reccomend this game to a lover of the ""souls"" series. Moral: IF YOU WANT TO BUY THIS GAME GET A CONTROLLER."
76561198017216024,Recommended,283640,23230251,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,IIIWolowizardIII,Salt and sanctuary is a very fun well crafted and must have game and being a dark souls like game it does have challenging bosses and annoying traps i recommend this game to everyone
76561198051693915,Recommended,283640,23231448,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SKETCHe,"this game is a real treat. dark souls feel too it, and the same level of difficulty at times but a lot of it feels manufactured rather than natural. fake rather than actually there. for example, in one of the areas, you are shot at by bowman while hopping platforms.over a god damned death pit.oh, just shield it, right?you get knocked back easier in the air.but thats just a gripe about a small section. one of the bosses has three forms of attacks. a burst damage type, a normal damage type with a bit of DoT, and then a summoning that causes EXTREMELY POTENT poison damage. also, just after this boss, you get pairs of what are essentially xenomorphs. i got STUNLOCKED out of 2100 damn salt. this is the cheapest death i feel i will ever ♥♥♥♥ing have,its a fun game, but my god its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t insane sometimes.EDIT: i am now counting how much salt i have lost from getting stunlocked on my way to retrieve it from death. the toll is a whopping 6000 or so salt.edit 2: ♥♥♥♥ STUNLOCK. if you see some edgy looking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a katana, RUN IF THERE'S TWO OF THEM"
76561198006181234,Recommended,283640,23284040,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kalron27,"The game should be required for anyone who plays videogames.  The sweet mix of Souls and Metroidvania is relaxing and stimulating to it's fullest.  I cannot recommend this game more purely from a gamer's standpoint.  Get this, play this, enjoy this...you will not be sorry...actually you will be.  Punishing and rewarding."
,Recommended,283640,23290861,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,iNol iGunggung,Nice casual game. Enemies are a bit too easy.
76561198023295995,Recommended,283640,23451221,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,A.DragonBorn,"I really enjoyed the dark souls franchise. However I felt like the 3d environment didn't really appeal to me. This game has a concept I've been dreaming of for ages! The darkness and difficulty of dark souls but with a 2d environment with jumping and attack combos added. I've only played this game for a short while so far, but I'm already in love! :D"
,Recommended,283640,23452797,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,XDem,"Amazing game for its price. The hand drawn graphics look gorgeous, the platforming is on point, and the difficulty just right."
76561198158480061,Recommended,283640,23528152,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Skull Mc Curly,"I kinda wanted to beat the game before I wrote a review, but lone behold, here I am. So if you are a fan of the Souls games, then its kind of a no brainer that you'll like this game, they got a lot of the Souls elements down and even some that Salt and Sanctuary did better, but what I found horribly wrong was the skill tree, when I first saw it, I was in aw, but when I looked through it, there was literaly nothing unique about it, ""spend a point to upgrade strength"", ""spend a point to upgrade dextarity"", ""spend a point to upgrade magic"", its basically the most uncreative skill tree I've ever laid eyes on. But enough rambling on about the skill tree. The game looks great, the game feels great, the bosses are creative (and mostly spoiled thanks to the trailer), and the covenent system is wonderful. The game is worth a shot even at full price."
76561198065724986,Recommended,283640,23529443,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mr. Branches,"totally derivative, we've all played this game before. but damn is it ever done well. if you like metrovania and fair difficulty, give this a shot. the platforming can, however, be pretty clunky at times."
,Recommended,283640,23928196,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Smiling Reaper,"What a beautfiully crafted game I have played today,Two words: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Aside from the gorgeous and completely original photoshop art style,I'd like to focus on the gameplay, which is heavily based upon dark souls, which I find fun.I'm not that type of person who goes for graphics, but for gameplay.Mostly I play the cartoony games instead of the realistic looking ones as they mostly have more creativity.In this case that's what I think about Salt and Sanctuary,Salt and Sanctuary may have kind of stolen the gameplay type,but I find it much better then dark souls in every way.The game has a huge map for an drawn indie game and has fresh enemies you can't get enough of,bosses which make you sweat while playing.I played Charlie Murder (an other game of ska studios) a year ago and I loved it as well.The game was heavily inspired by Castle Crashers, and they nailed that as well."
76561198271780336,Recommended,283640,24034501,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Taft,"absolutely awesome game. brilliant map design, tight controls, punishing difficulty, and attractive graphics with very atmospheric lighting & sound effects. a must-play for fans of metroidvanias and/or dark souls. 10/10"
76561198068293365,Recommended,283640,24891801,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Luigi,"All I ask, please put a way to play online coop."
76561198205972637,Recommended,283640,25133138,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Domzies,"Must say that this game is truelly amazing and it has become one of my favourite games of all time. I really like how freaking difficult it is ( and i tell you it really deliveres on the salt part ) but at the same time you just keep on going like the masochistic idiot you know you are. A big plus are also the unique weapons and items that you get while going through the game.The only downside is that it doesn't have any online coop, and i would really appreciate it if they would somehow add it."
,Recommended,283640,25279381,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,dahdah2902,"I really recommend this game it is too much fun.literally worth every single penny that i paid, the thing about this game is you will find it simmilar to dark souls in so many aspects but this game stands on its own!you should think of it as an amazing game not as a dark souls 2d game.if you are wondering to buy it or not, trust me you won't regret a single thing!"
,Recommended,283640,25436492,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Crow,The game is so difficult that you will experience the same feeling of acomplishment as when you completed DS3 when you kill 1 skeleton.
76561198032705148,Recommended,283640,25702929,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,zondeozx,its su fun
76561198245980614,Recommended,283640,23061706,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,srobpencer,"Great game to play for seasoned souls players. Its difficulty is within reason and the leveling up system is great, I always hated using the same currency for levels and purchasing items, I just end up spending the souls from bosses to buy their armor and then some. Choosing skills however can be a little disorienting but it is well organized and soon becomes simple to figure out what to do. The wounded and tired mechanic is awsome, makes the player more inclined to rest as well as feeling like a more realistic of an adventure. Bosses don't have a second state but something simmilar by changing moveset slightly to punish players who are too aggresive. Even though I only have a few hours in I know this is just what I was looking for."
,Recommended,283640,23075912,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Valeron,"Amazing game. Great replayability too. Graphics are wonderful (except the characters but I understand thats the artistic style.) My wife even enjoyed it enough that we played it COOP for about 12 hours straight. The game is really difficult and while that can be annoying it adds to the joy when you finally down that boss that had been stomping your face. If you are wanting something new and refreshing, this game is it. Wife approved."
76561198169737759,Recommended,283640,23091701,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Atropos,Huge Bloodborne influences on this game. Ska Studios really put work into the little things - and it is very appreciated. Incredible game.
76561198051391531,Recommended,283640,23121253,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LazyB,"Been waiting and watching this since production and glad to see that i'm not dissapointed with the end result and the hard work that has been put into Salt and Sanctuary!Dark Souls like maybe, but a game of its own calibre and pedigree(After the first boss, I've died more times in this than i have demon souls,dark souls,dark souls 2, bloodbourne)10/10"
76561197964447974,Recommended,283640,23141012,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,R3TR0,"Only been playing for like an hour, got to say its worth its weight in salt (sigh)... If you like a challenge and dont mind harsh set back like loosing all your souls (salt) after dying before you can retreve them.Supprising depth, responce, no hand holding..... Praise the salt."
,Recommended,283640,23141576,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sanctus Stercus,"Salt and Sanctuary is probably going to be one of the few games I actually end up replaying. It's very much like a Souls game, but it's also got a great metrodvania feel. Pros and cons are as follows:Pros:Typically tight controlsGreat art style that emphasizes colors and shading when it needs to(Except for those faces)A lot to exploreA large amount of customization for such a small gameRewarding when taking down bosses or getting through tough areasMeh:Not as difficult as it could have been. It's typically balanced, but it's not going to challenge you to be pushed to your limits. It definitely rewards patience, but bosses and enemies become predictable very quickly, lowering the difficulty of the game. Some parts will still feel difficult, but it's not overbearing, in my opinion.Cons:Stun lock. Enemies will knock you down and start chaining attacks, giving no time for recovery and feeling cheapStarts to drag a little towards the end. The world felt a little worn, but it's still great to explore. Just a little more variety would have been appreciated.It's a good game. Great even. It's really enjoyable, and it's probably going to end up being one of those indie game gems. It's a solid 9/10."
76561198026425874,Recommended,283640,23145307,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mykahel,"I LOVE this game and I've only played for a few hours. Before finding this game, I kept thinking to myself ""If only I had the know-how I could make a 2D-Sidescroller in the spirit of Dark Souls. Somebody did it for me. In some ways it's going to be very different due to being 2D, but it feels like it could exist in the Souls universe. The enemies, bosses, traps, death penalties, and even the level design (complete with secret doors and shortcuts) all scream ""Dark Souls."" And most importantly, the combat is solid. I've barely started this game and I'm waiting for a sequel, because I know I'm going to want more.One of the only complaints I have thus far is I wish there was an online multiplayer/co-op capability. This game could have some amazing PvP if they made it possible.Otherwise, this game rocks and I would recommend it even at full price."
76561198062502982,Recommended,283640,23187923,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TheRealArmadillo,"Salt and Sanctuary, the dark souls cousin you never knew existed, yet somehow waited your entire life for"
76561198020728468,Recommended,283640,23190127,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gerard,"There's a bit of interesting development geneology going on with Salt and Sanctuary. By regressing from Dark Souls' 3D back to 2D, we've arguably come full circle, back to classic Metroidvania. One wonders why we ever embarked on this silly quest for 3D to begin with.Yes, I said it, it's Dark Souls in 2D, I'm not sure what kind of insightful commentary you expected. There's lots of weapons to collect, all with slightly different mechanics and movesets, there's lots of enemies and creative ways to die, interesting and mindboggling boss monsters, all that. True to it's progenitors form, there's very little story but lots of atmosphere, the world is doomed and you don't even know what the main quest is. Also there's no ingame map which is utterly inexcusible.At the time of writing I've played about twenty hours and finished two thirds of the game. Will head into NG+ soon. It's great, it's Dark Souls, I'll take whatever I can get.Verdict: Great game, buy it if you're into the Souls series or Metroidvania."
,Recommended,283640,23205682,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SypherLOCO,I waited for approximately a year and a bit.Basically all I want to do now is play this game.If it weren't for other obligations I don't think I would leave my house.10/10
76561198282532877,Recommended,283640,23298655,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,RedDeath707,I love this game new game plus is hard but any part of this has got to bring a fun and challenging time.
76561197962374296,Recommended,283640,23339259,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Quantum Duck,"This is quickly becoming one of my favorite games in a long time.  It takes the best yet version of the Ska Studios art style, and mixes some of the best design ideas from Symphony of the Night and Dark Souls.  The world feels huge and always deadly, and it's full of boss fights that each have interesting unique mechanics and fighting styles.  The leveling works and the new powers you get so you can reach new places are well done and feel great each time I get one.  I strongly recommend this game for people who enjoy any of the above influences."
,Recommended,283640,23385802,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,JigglyJoseph,"This game has made me salty many, many, MANY times but I always end up playing again. It's amazing. Carnage and lots of death. 10/10 peeps, definitely."
,Recommended,283640,23435601,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,dk771004,"great game! You should buy this game If you like Darksoul.many different weapon,jobs and creeds.skill tree(I love it!)and many chellanged bosses.However,some weapon are too weak,and story is a little bit short for me."
,Recommended,283640,23445734,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dòlggan,"Great game!The perfect blend between Dark Souls and Castlevania.For me, the only thing missing was an excellent soundtrack.8/10"
76561198030748605,Recommended,283640,23675172,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spire™,"7/10This game is fun because of the main mechanics, but the game is very unbalanced and unpolished. A few bosses towards the end are downright unfair because they can oneshot you with an unavoidable attack if you get unlucky with attack patterns and the boss' position. I've played through this game three times now with three different builds (greathammer, magic only, and gun only) and each time was very boring and unfair because of this problem.The game's difficulty is also very uneven, with the game becoming extremely easy if you have a fully upgraded weapon at the end. Meanwhile, the platforming in the game is all-around horrible.The game's artstyle is horrible and most will agree with this.Even with all these problems, I'm still looking forward to a sequel to this game that will (hopefully) have more polish and testing before being released."
76561198097722009,Recommended,283640,24023335,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,n.t,"the combat is good and responsive, trying to figuer out were to go next can be frustraiting without a guide. bosses can sometimes feel very easy or frustraiting but are still satisfying to kill. the worse part i would say is platforming, there is too much of it and later on alot of it is over instant death drops. most platforming is done on disapering platforms that can sometimes require leaps  of faith because you cant see where to go next. when platforming you will probly hate the game but when in combat it will feel satisfying enough for you to forget how mad you got at the previous segment you were just frustrated over."
,Recommended,283640,24028236,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The SpOoKy Dr Dickpunch,"Salt and Sanctuary is a fantastic metroidvania game that incorperates mechanics from the Dark Souls franchise to make averyrewarding experience. I highly recomend this game to fans of the Metroidvania genere and Dark Souls series, and even people who are fans of modern rpgs like Dragon Age or The Witcher who looking for something new.The art style is intentionally bleak at first, grey hopelessness and undead enemies paint the dreary shoreline with woe as the enemies shamble about... then you enter a dark cave. The fog isgone, there is no grainy filter anymore, the color is vivid and everything pops, it's jarring, it's frighting, and it's beautiful. Each area of the game has it's own themes, and even the horrifying places likeThe Red Hall of Cages, while spattered with gore, are beautifully and thoughtfully done.The enemies are tough, but you get visibly stronger as you level yourself and your weapons up, and when combined with responsive controls, you get revenge on tough enemies pretty quickly. Leveling up seems daunting at first, but with a little research, you'll find a goal near the end of a tree, and map out a handy path of upgrades.Salt and Sanctuary is also pretty build heavy. If you're interested in doing well in this game, I'd recommend doing some reading while the game downloads and installs. There's all kinds of weapons, armors, and styles of magics to specialize in. You also choose a creed as you play (think Dark Souls covenants) and these decide which sanctuaries (bonfires) you have available to upgrade and what kind of equipment is available to you. Furthermore, each of those sacnctuaries has 4 upgrade slots, so you have to think about what to upgrade the sanctuaries with as I have yet to find a way to undo the upgrades.Bosses are a big part of the game, they are unforgiving and require keen observation to recognize very punishing attacks. If you are stuck on a boss, you are stuck because you are not good enough. Luckily, you can get good outside on those tough enemies, and it feels less like grinding when you're fighting for your life in some of the later areas.Just like the Souls series, while the bosses drop loot and lots of experience (or salt as it's called), the real reward is catharsis. When I beat one boss I was stuck on for hours, I beat him because I leveled up my greatsword a few times, and leveled up a few times more. I didn't just win, I whooped him. At first I was only doing 4-5% of his health per attack, and I couldn't find many opportunities to attack, after some dramatic frustration and leveling up, I was carving away huge chuncks of health, unconcerned about his attack. It was a veryvisceralkind of success, and that describes what this game is well."
,Recommended,283640,24122837,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lantanadan,"Would you like some salt with your Dark Souls?Salt and Sanctuary seems to be one of those games that I play for half an hour, close, and then immediately reopen. The game delivers a bloody good time with a dreary atmosphere and narrative to boot. The soundtrack is very Diablo-esque with some more Perfect Circle and Castlevania influences (that alone should be enough to convince you). Sure it still has a few quirks, like the main menu does not pause the game despite there being no online multiplayer (so only stop when you're sure you're safe), upgrading equipment feels a bit underwhelming (but still necessary) when there COULD be new loot right around the corner, and checkpoints are nonexistent, as instead of bonfires, you have very rare Sanctuaries where you level up, hire shops, and heal. So yes, you have to do a lot of backtracking, but you'll need to do all the level grinding you can to hold your own against the tougher enemies.I should point out that this game is not for everyone. It's barely for me, but I can't put it down. A second player is almost a necessity. It's going to make you salty, but you're going to enjoy every minute of it."
76561198164829114,Recommended,283640,24132787,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kruzius,"You are an fan of ""demons soul"" or ""dark soul"" or maybe ""bloodborn""? Try this one!How can you explane it. It is a kind of dark souls but in 2D and not 3D.But even here you have to be carefull to any boss, some mobs and everytime have a look for evil traps!The grimreaper will be your best friend...try not to die!"
,Recommended,283640,24151185,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ccidaho Potato,"This game is easily summed up as; ""Painfully Fun"". It's 2D Darksouls, nothing more to it, if you like darksouls you'll like this unless you absolulty hate 2D platformers. That said, it does it's fair share to make the platforming bareable example being how you cant fall off ledges unless you're either jumping or constantly wanting to move in that direction, I can't do the system justice but it definatly makes the platforming in this game a whole lot better than other games. Theres a few lacking aspects in this game, and it's extremely easy to be overpowered that said it's also extremely easy to be underpowered aswell and get stomped into the floor. A plus to this game is how well it managed to take the asthetic of darksouls and turn it into a 2D game, which as Sonic 06 Showed taking something from one dimension to the next is quite difficult yet this game managed to pull it off. Regardless of anything said in this review it's a good game and well worth the purchase, as it's the best 2D platformer I've played in a while."
76561197990857866,Recommended,283640,24363397,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,sst489,"I feel the need to write a small review on this game simply because its one of the best platform game i ever played.Beeing a Dark Soul serie fans (played and still play like a crazy Demon soul, DS 1 DS 2 and DS 3) i was more than happy to give a try to this game, and to be serious i was really impress by it.To make it simple and quick here is the reason why i love this game so much1 - The graphics are fluid and  just fine, perfect for a platform game, should fit any kind of computer with a decent video card2 - The atmosphere of the game is dark and intense like the dark soul serie and seem to be inspired by darkest dungeon (the game).3 - The game play match the dark soul serie experience, its simple but require timing and strategy ( hitting attack button none stop wont work in this game)4 - The different character class all play differently, and you can even customize your character following your play style (using the skill tree when you level up)5 - Its very addictive, once you bypass the small learning curve (around 4-5h of gameplay)6 - Its a finished game, no bug so far for me.7 - Finally the game, from my point of view is well balanced and offer good challenge."
76561198285570760,Recommended,283640,24845407,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Daxma,"Played nearly 200 hours, beaten every challenge, and it's still kinda fun*.*200 hours is a lot of hours"
,Recommended,283640,24885282,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,feamirim,Epic game. Everyone who love hardcore gaming must try this one!
76561198014274816,Recommended,283640,24974107,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Apogee,"Fantastic game. It's relatively difficult, both in progressing and simply finding your way around (the map is sizeable). Controls always feel solid, and there were few times where I died due to a failure of the controls or mechanics instead of myself being an idiot. Lore is sparse but good; expect to get just enough story as you progress that by the end you'll kind of know what the heck happened in this godforsaken place.I've played this game...a lot (I'm on NG3? I think now), and would recommend it to anyone who likes a good adventure with a bit of challenge."
,Recommended,283640,24987357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Beastacus,Darksouls plus super metroid. Best game ever.
76561198053891302,Recommended,283640,25090279,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jaxe,The character's animation and model look super amatuer. But the combat is good.
,Recommended,283640,25474934,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,mixcorrectly,"This is my favorite game in the style of Dark Souls.  It is 2D; something is lsot in the transition to 2D, but so much more is gained. The vertical combat is actually enjoyable and there is a much needed boost to mobility. I have played a tank with some miracles and I have specialized in maces. I cannot say how magic or rapiers valanced out, but I could see how they would contribute to an entirely different playstyle.  With heavy armor the character feels like RIchter from Castlevania: of Blood; lighter armor and the character feels like Maria.  This is the first Souls game where I enjoy a lightly armed and agile character. I love everything SKa Stuidios has produced. And Symphony of the NIght is pretty much my favorite game ever. So this should make my biases obvious."
76561198052428804,Recommended,283640,23047521,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tha Reap3r,"I gotta admit: It's as good as I've imagined! You could say it's like Dark Souls in a 2D fashion, but with a different artstyle and some elements being changed up a bit, but it comes very close to being a Soulslike game. Whether you like these kind of games is up to you, I definitly enjoy them!At first, it feels awkward, but you will get used to the gameplay mechanics very soon, because you're forced to dodge/ block properly to stand up with the bosses in this game. They feel somewhat hard, but never impossible to beat and there's a checkpoint near each of the bosses, so you don't have to run a marathon just to try and fail again.There are many different weapons and there's a huge variety of them, so there's a weapon for everyone (I guess?).If you like Dark Souls/ games like symphony of the night/ metroidvania games in general, you should give Salt and Sanctuary a try.The port from PS4 to PC is good, no crashes, no bugs related to it (as far as I've played and experienced it so far)"
,Recommended,283640,23129109,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,wtfchris,"As a pretty big Dark Souls fan, I highly recommend this game simply for the fact that it challenges you and puts you through difficult combat but gives back through rewarding and grimdark gameplay.A Solid 9/10 for me"
76561197976893194,Recommended,283640,23199010,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ricky_Boii,Dark Souls fans will love it.
76561198036304478,Recommended,283640,23227491,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Haunted-Killer,Can't tell if some bosses are unbalanced or hard..Amazing game !
76561197983496416,Recommended,283640,23231481,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CrOnNoS,There's two type of people who played this game. The ones who loved it and the ones who are wrong.
76561198003763669,Recommended,283640,23308925,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Malekai,"If it had online coop,  it may just be the best game ever made for me. As a fan of SotN and Demon souls, this game even without the online may just be the best game ive played in a decade. Hats off to you Ska Studios for this Masterpiece, easily worth far more than you ask for it. At 16$ I feel like  I ripped you  off.Thank you again  for the masterpiece Ska.51 hours later, 4 playthoughs, and the only game ive gotten 100% achieves on in steam. Brilliant game"
76561198023280121,Recommended,283640,23351447,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dr. Worm,2D darksouls game. Probably a little harder in some respects than darksouls because there are only 2 directions to move out of enemy fire. Worth getting for the price. If you like the darksouls games than you will probably like Salt and Sanctuary. If you are new to this type of game salt and sanctuary offers a little more hand holding than darksouls.
,Recommended,283640,24097311,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ssjkenny,A few hours in and this game kicks all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥[edit] halfway through and it just keeps getting better. As soon as I beat it I'm starting over as a different class. BUY THIS GAME
76561198027858109,Recommended,283640,24105671,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TheGhost,"Only just started, and i've already lost my temper because of this game haha"
76561197993706088,Recommended,283640,24108462,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dance Commander,"Good fun, really well made if you like this sort of thing,  Arguably the finest two dimensional darksouls-ish game out there. Salt and Sanctuary has plenty of character on its own. Praise the sun.Would remove one dimension from Darksouls again."
76561198024734657,Recommended,283640,24127861,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Moira,"I really like this game. It reminds me a lot of the Souls games, and that's good, but it's also a game all it's own. It has a very dark and pretty atmosphere. And it uses that darkness really well putting you in areas that you cant see at all with out a torch or light charm. It's difficult but not over barring, if you prepare, and its platforming is really great. Adding in different elements to it as the game progresses that encourage you to go back and re-explore an area for items you couldn't get to at the your first time through.There are cons too, like some ridiculous drops and enemies stunlocking you to death, but nothing too bad."
76561197981159744,Recommended,283640,24327589,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TravisRex,"This game is super rad. The enemy design and controls are awesome especially later on, It feels really good to play."
76561198053269955,Recommended,283640,24351833,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,J0D-M1nSt3R,"Best 2D Dark Souls I've ever played for hours! XD- Local Coop is awesome to play with my GF, who is also a DS fan- Some really cool platformer elements (air-dash, wall-jump)- Really dark athmosphere- Great combat system (parry etc. like in DS)- Large variety of bosses- Mimics! \(^_^)/"
76561198075588202,Recommended,283640,24356697,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,em4n3m,"Dark Souls 3 in 2D.Decided to play for5minutes, ended up being85!Ps. Playing on Linux in 21:9, works great!"
76561198037481660,Recommended,283640,24440945,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,melrief,"One of the best game of the year, very difficult, very funny, very addictive. Just play it."
76561198002464940,Recommended,283640,24771185,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jehara,Highly recommended for fans of Dark Souls series
76561198038042621,Recommended,283640,24893656,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SpongeBoob,"Awesome game, but I feel like there is a lot wrong with the Kraken wyrm boss fight. After he lands, he'll do one of his attacks/actions immidiately without pause. If you get unlocky and he decides to pounce at you, you're done. His standing fireattack is really weird to roll through, often pushing you in weird directions (his tail slap does this too). Finally, for me he suicided by jump attacking to the left a whole bunch. Every boss fight felt pretty smooth except this one.Overall still a really cool game that takes a lot from dark souls and adds a bit of spice."
76561197975277314,Recommended,283640,24896984,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,robthebob11,Dark Souls fans will love it. I loved it. Just be aware that the platforming can be more punishing than the enemies late in the game. So if punishing combat is your thing but punishing platforming isn't.... Be warned. You're in for a treat either way though.
,Recommended,283640,24924493,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Oacyst,The game where you're expected to jump across trees equipped with multiple pounds of heavy armor on your body and a sword bigger than your torso. 10/10 Would monkey around in the poison forest hell again
76561198150872762,Recommended,283640,24976569,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Vidar,"Salt and sanctuary, more like frustration and salt in wounds. But oh boy the feeling when you get past a boss in this sidescroller darksouls(esque) metroidvania.Artstyle doesent hit on all the people, but if you are not a graphic needy person, or dont mind too much on the artstyle and want to try a semi difficult game, pick this one up.Only downside what i think of is sometimes missing certain paths and need to backtrack but its all good when you find your bearings and get some salt. And keyboard controls arent too easy to use, would recommend a controller.This game is not too hard to learn, and totally worth atleast 15€Definetly recommended."
,Recommended,283640,25106529,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,𝓽𝓸𝓪𝓼𝓽𝔂𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,Prepare to get salty
,Recommended,283640,25245362,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Emil,"I booted up the game,farmed a bunch of weak enemies.I see a grave and slash at it.It warns me ""DEATH AHEAD!!"".I walk up the ladder and a boss fight awaits me.I nearly kill him, yet i die.I respawn at the sanctuary with no salt.I slash at another grave nearby,It reads ""You just died, didn't you?""This game is fun.10/10 will die again"
76561198085318221,Recommended,283640,25423722,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,getTHISwork,Buy it!!!
,Recommended,283640,25445224,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,yarbelk,"I always want to love metroidvanias, and usually do for the first hour.  I'm Loving this, its deep in its realization of the genre"
,Recommended,283640,25504660,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,KLG,Just how I like the Castlevania (2D platformer) Series...
,Recommended,283640,25584289,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ar Ciel,"Ah, I'll just play it for a little whil- OH LOOK I HAVE TO GET UP IN 3 HOURS... just gotta beat this boss first... okay do I have any sick days left..."
76561197978387119,Recommended,283640,25601959,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Endurobaq,"Finishing Salt and Sanctuary left me with the same feelings like every Dark Souls game. In this cruel reality, S&S is just beautiful. Absolutely the best platform game I've ever played with great, solid combat. Just amazing job, Ska Studios."
,Recommended,283640,25790971,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Varkasi,"This game is brilliant, you can easily spend hours on this. Blends dark souls and metroidvania perfectly. I just wish it was longer as it feels a bit short after a 2nd playthrough.Plenty of replayability to be had though with the different character options"
,Recommended,283640,25632584,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Azrael,"Absolute Perfection!Ever wondered what Castlevania would be like with Dark Souls mechanics?  Look no further, this game is an absolute gem. With an art style similar to Darkest Dungeon, and the core of Castlevania and Dark Souls you couldn't ask for a better game. My only gripe with it is I wish there was more, that's not saying there isn't alot to do, ng+ and all that jazz.  I'm at the end of the game just wrapping up side areas and such, and figured I'd drop a review to show some love.   But anyway here's the pros and cons:ProsGraphics are fluid even on older hardware runs like a champ.Symphony of the Night+Dark Souls=Yes Plz.Combat mechanics are great, lots o' blood filled joy abound.Level Design pretty straight forward, lots of hidden stuff to find.ConsSome of the bosses can be cheesed to death or outleveled quite easily.If it had been closer to Symphony of the Night in scale would have been absolutely epic.Leaves you wanting more.  (Which can count as both a pro/con I guess)But seriously if you're still reading this, buy this game."
76561198118046489,Recommended,283640,25140138,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,HoboGod,"A very enjoyable Dark Soulsie experience, highly recommended!"
76561198014197414,Recommended,283640,25412249,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cookie,"Expectation: ""I will kill some monsters, level up, become a badass and kill all the bosses like a true hero!""Reality: ""THAT MOTHERF*CKER STOLE ALL MY SALT... AGAIN!""10/10 will lose salt again"
76561197995222377,Recommended,283640,35460733,Posted: 3 October,all,Krulgrim,Basically a cross between Castlevania and a 2D Dark Souls in the best possible way.
,Not Recommended,283640,29528903,Posted: 27 January,all,oleander,"I'm a big fan of the Souls games, so have been keen to check this out for a while. It certainly lives up to its reputation as a 2D Souls-like; in fact, 80% of the time it feels like a complete cloning of those games. I don't have a problem with that. I actually welcome it.Where Salt and Sanctuary has really fallen apart for me is in those Soul-like moments when the game's systems don't allow for the limitations of 2D space. The bosses I've faced are all in small arenas and, of course, they only move left and right. Therefore, your only real choices are to roll, and hope the hitboxes don't mess up (which they frequently seem to do), or use a shield. The problem with the latter is a lot of enemies hit so quickly that your stamina is drained almost instantaneously, making it an unviable option against bosses like the Queen of Smiles who often stops at the edge of the screen, meaning you have to throw yourself into the way of an attack just to continue the fight.Tracking on enemy ranged attacks is overpowered, meaning that you'll often roll through attacks, only for an enemy to throw an axe or explosive bottle backwards to hit you. This is a real problem in a 2D environment.I've died a lot in this game. I expect it. I love the challenge. But a lot of the time I don't feel like it was my fault, and that's a problem. I know most people will argue me on this point - when I started looking into these issues, most people who raised them received little in the way of response beyond 'get gud' - but I thought it important enough to mention.I love the approach the developers have taken, but the execution has too many holes for me to recommend Salt and Sanctuary."
76561198064160838,Not Recommended,283640,32323309,Posted: 10 June,all,Holger die Waldfee,"I have played the game for about 6 hours now and i just beat the third lamb so i am about 2/3rds through the game.I really wanted to like it because the art style is beautiful and really atmospheric and the game plays really well.But sadly the game is just way too easy. And i dont mean that in a hurr durr i am so good way, its so easy that it hurts the game.I started with a greatsword/str build and for the first 6 or 7 bosses I just stood in front of them, not moving, not dodging, smashing their heads in with my sword and chugging Estus until they fell over. It is possible to just blatantly ignore most of the mechanics of most bossfights and just spamm them down while occasionally healing. That should not be possible. I died about 8 or 9 times in these 6h.After about 3h i had a level 4 greatsword and about level 30 and i just one-, maybe two-shot 90% of smaller enemies.If you care about a challenging expierience this game is not for you.(with 6h played i cant talk about magic/dex/faith builds yet)*Edit: Spelling"
76561198252024742,Not Recommended,283640,26586276,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AndromedaShrine,"Bosses quit being satisfying about 4 from the end. I didn't care for it as a Dark Souls fan. I didn't feel skillful when I won, only lucky."
,Recommended,283640,23046538,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Boobserino,"Amazing game, played the PS4 version, totally worth the price, first playthrough is usually 22+ hours or more depending on how gud you are. Amazing variety of spells, miracles, weapons and armour. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,283640,29866303,Posted: 11 February,all,Omeron,"just to start i dont usually play platformers. ill start with the problems i had with this game, first biggest complaint is that many enemies have grapple attacks and if you get caught while fighting two or more you can enter an infinite loop of being grappled to death. to follow that up enemies often just appear which means that at any point blowing the last of your stamina to finish the group might end up getting you kileld because now you have no stamina and theres new enemies around you. next im going to mention the bosses, they are either complete pushovers or they kill you with a single attack making any amount of healing useless (such as a homing shotgun or just knocking you off an edge). lastly i felt that armor just weighed too much, i only used heavy armor and a greatsword and i have to invest 55 levels into weight (it wasnt even the heaviest set!). now for the good, i think the level up system was intuitive, the fact that you decided which venders were in your sacntuary, the fact that health potion upgrades were something you leveled into rather than found. going back to my first point i would personally not recomend it if you arnt a big platformer person like myself. for me i would give this game a 5. it was described as a dark souls like platformer, which it is, but it misses the fairness of the dark souls games (i.e. when you die in a souls game you know what you did wrong, but in this you just get frustrated because you are dying to things that just seem a bit like rng to avoid)."
,Recommended,283640,29114649,Posted: 8 January,all,madness,2D Dark Souls. Enough said.
,Recommended,283640,23100755,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,rjderouin,"The graphics looked like something out of New Grounds in the screen shots, however in game they just look a lot better.  Sometimes the hands and arms looks a bit goofy but honestly playing it feels better than looking at pictures.  Do you like Dark Souls? Buy this game."
76561198042000987,Recommended,283640,23095837,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Zuka,"Fun and hard, that's what I wanted... And my wishes became reality with this game."
76561198118982890,Not Recommended,283640,26086270,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,clarinetguy,"I want to like the game, but I just can't. I keep trying to, but I can't. its not a bad game but its a platformer that tries to take its roots in dark souls. that just doesnt work, there are too many things that are specific to a game like dark souls that dont work in a platformer. you get caught on enemies way too often and lose part of your max health because you cant roll through an attack if an enemy is closer than your roll distance. oh, that scumbag cleric pickpocket, patches was right clerics are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. tiny boss areas was a huge complaint in the souls series, every time a boss arena was too small people complained, cough cough dark souls 2 cough cough but tight boss areas is a part of platformers.... what makes dark souls hard definitely makes salt and sanctuary hard, but what made dark souls fair just doesnt work as well in a platformer."
,Recommended,283640,23089870,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Georgina,Great game for anyone who likes Dark Souls style exploration and boss fights.
76561198125430238,Not Recommended,283640,24654378,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Name Already Taken,"Good game with an ugly porting.Sometimes you can't click the icons, so you have to wait until it works again, or you have to click many many times, and it isn't even a solution that works for granted. This occurs when you are buying items or talking to NPCs (Trinket for example), and is so annoying, it's so clear that this version of the game wasn't tested enough. You can use arrow keys to get rid of this problem, but sometimes it doesn't work either, so the better solution i've found is to point at the icon and then press space; seriosuly, what's wrong with these icons?Also, the game's indications are wrong, a bad porting again, if you have to buy an item, the game will say to press B (X box key) in order to confirm, while you have to press space on PC. Even if these are minor inconvenients, they makes clear that the developers didn't pay much attention to the adaptation of this product.The game is good and I like its style, but it's annoying to spend 5 minutes in order to purchase an item, just because the program doesn't recognize that i am clicking an icon. I hope they will resolve this.I'm downvoting the game, because even if i'm enjoying it, some problems have to be solved."
,Recommended,283640,23092284,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Silvarren,>Rolled rogue>Eaten by C'thulu>Blow up a knight on top of a tower>Leave messages in bottles>Desecrate first possible Sanctuary>Fight Temple Guardians for holy ground for hours>Defeat defenders of holy ground>More defenders show up>Get killed and dragged out of the holy land10/10 would crusade again
76561198096083257,Recommended,283640,23141200,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,poppies,this game give you a big sack of salty in a good way!..
76561198071435431,Recommended,283640,23276059,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ne-mztes-ching 'ndo,Even better than Darksouls.
,Recommended,283640,23094139,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CoryPhy,"EPIC!If you like Dark Souls, you gonna looove this game, coz it's even better!Wish devs would've made an online co-op mode, gonna need a controller to do a local multi-play.PRAISE THE SALT!!"
,Not Recommended,283640,24956062,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sursion,"I really want to like this game, but it is just plain infuriating to play. It is not fun. The game's 'difficulty' is masked behind luck and developer 'screw you' moments that are destined to kill you the first time through. I understand the appeal behind a challenge; I play XCOM and Dark Souls, but this is unrewarding and all it does it♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Not good."
,Recommended,283640,23162622,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Re'lar Kvothe,very recommended
76561197992111055,Recommended,283640,23130147,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,safetake,Metroid and Dark Souls had a baby.
,Recommended,283640,23174474,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jäger,>Go near a ledge>Can't see bottom>Find two bottles with messages inside>Bottle 1: Jump and you die>Bottle 2: Jump to proceed>Jump>Die>♥♥♥♥ you10/10
76561198125030007,Recommended,283640,23226905,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,gardath DATA,dark souls meets castel vania?YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,23376328,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Avlethon,"Nothing to say, it's chibi Dark Souls."
76561198010433036,Not Recommended,283640,35360535,Posted: 30 September,all,JackMichaelson,"I wanted so badly to LOVE this game...but I barely LIKE it. You see, in the transition to 2D, a souls-esque clone must get a lot of things right but it's hard to do so. The movement must feel snappy and responsive to counter-balance the limited space one has in two dimensions; every death must feel like it was your fault (yours alone); and platforming must be solid. Now, I get it - this game is going for a ""metroidvania"" style and while I typically love those types of games, a lot here feels cheap. It borrows heavily from Dark Souls 1 in the essence that there is no hub, no teleportation...just shortcuts. I feel like this works much better in a 3D space whereby it is a lot easier to navigate due to your brain orienting itself a bit better - in this game, I constantly felt lost. I died so many times to some unfair mechanics (need to reach an enemy archer that's firing one arrow a second whilst platforming on tiny ledges which, if you fall, you die? Well that little arrow knocks you back midair and you're dead). i gues it's just the platforming that got to me - which I found the most unfair. I have been playing Dead Cells recently and it feels like a tighter, much better dive into the genre in the 2D space."
76561197986075831,Recommended,283640,33144203,Posted: 2 July,all,Khris,Excellent game.
76561198272045831,Not Recommended,283640,32349965,Posted: 11 June,all,pope souls,"this game starts out hard but fair,and fun.but as you get in to the late game bosses just start have one shots,(look up  the witch of the lake or just have just plan un-fair.EX. one boss is a two on one and can hit you once and juggle you in to the other guys attacks."
,Recommended,283640,25917491,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yshouldeye,"Amazing game and gameplay! I love that it feels like a Dark Souls game, but 2-D."
76561198101348065,Recommended,283640,25917646,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RWGTROLL,absoutly amazing game for the price
76561197992068671,Recommended,283640,27818674,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lt. Condition,"I can't remember the last game that had me swearing and yelling at the screen, at my controller, at my cat and myself the way this one has.9/10 would ragequit again"
76561198028490594,Recommended,283640,26710147,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chunk Spadoodie,I am definitely feeling the salt.
,Recommended,283640,27004207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tanknology,Good.
,Recommended,283640,23074212,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,neil philipino,Ive played this game on ps4 and so far its just as great on pc.
,Recommended,283640,23079342,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Broken Sword,"THIS IS DARK SOULS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! in 2D....but its awesome, if you like any dark souls game or bloodborne"
76561198047708691,Recommended,283640,23105550,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Vlamesneaker,Harder than Dark Souls ( I played all 3 :P) Nice Idea of local Co-op it makes fun with friends.
76561198090963270,Recommended,283640,23134253,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,nrt.-,"Good game , worth for money .best 585 MB game i ever play ."
76561198061690817,Recommended,283640,23157376,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,凸(◣_◢)Oreo(◣_◢)凸,"i love the 2D art in this game i would of buyed it just for that, but the fighting style of the game is great the classes you can get is also great apart from some classes dont get that cool of atk like the hunter.I just tryed the hunter out so im not sure how good they are end game but the class seemed to have only 2 atk the wip and crossbow  but apart from that the game is realy good i am enjoying the crap out of this game so far so i would say its worth buying.btw i have not been playing this game long so if i say something thats wrong well sorry"
,Recommended,283640,23213331,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Octopus KURUMI,Castlevania？Castlevania Souls!!
76561198069449362,Recommended,283640,24167252,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,manson55,is a hard game and fun
,Recommended,283640,23075687,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Beldarak,"You like Dark Souls? You like metroidvanias? Then you'll like Salt and Sanctuary.The game is basically Dark Souls in 2D. I know a lot of games are compared to Dark Souls without reasons nowadays but this one takes a lot (by that I mean A LOT!) of ideas from DS (which isn't a bad thing since souls games are very good games).Pros:- Gorgeous atmosphere and artstyle- Nice music- Rewards exploration- Huge skill tree like in Path of Exile- You can build your character as you like. Starting with a mage doesn't mean you'll never wear heavy armors nor shoot any crossbow.- Works really well with kb/m- The game is challenging and forces you to take care of your suroundings (lots of traps, which you can use at your advantage!, damn slimes that hides into the trees to fall on you,...)- Quite open with some variations in the level (like the forest where you have to carefully jump from tree to tree to avoid falling to your death)The gameplay is very satisfying too. You have one normal attack, one heavy attack + a falling attack when you use heavy attack while jumping. You can switch between two loadouts (I'm a mage so I have my weapon + my magic wand on one, and a shield instead of the wand on the other), you can roll, block and jump.Cons (I didn't find real issues for the moment so all of these are nitpicky):- The mouse cursor isn't locked to the game window (I use DualMonitorTools to fix that)- By default, aiming is super weird (I think it is a bug?) when you play with kb and mouse. It's fine once you enable the mouse cursor in the game options (then you aim with the mouse)- Some popups here and there on mouse over would be great (on the icons at the bottom left of the screen, on items you chose when you create your character and when you complete a ""work"" for a leader,...)- Some bosses come where/when you don't expect a boss, it's great for the element of suprise but it makes you lose all your salt (basically xp)All in all, I really like it so far. I think I didn't enjoyed a metroidvania so much since Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow on GBA."
76561198117671915,Recommended,283640,23102402,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Global_Rin,"It's gruesomely HARD, and I love it!10/10"
76561198305394077,Recommended,283640,23944130,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lou,7.8/10 Too much salt. -IGN
76561198040783609,Recommended,283640,23057326,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Master_Kushima,"Came for 2D Dark Souls, stayed for 2D Dark Souls, its 2D Dark Souls... Oh and yenno various Metroidvania aspectsAnyone familiar with the Dishwasher games will feel just as 'at home' as Soulsborne vets, if you havent played either then play this."
76561198052401496,Recommended,283640,23217553,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,gnostalgick,"Downloaded this after getting frustated fighting the Nameless King in DS3. Well, he can wait--I'm hooked on this."
76561197999462180,Recommended,283640,24028885,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SGTMulletman,Souls = Salt.Enough said.10/10
76561198175335998,Recommended,283640,24925951,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Quality Buildw,good fun
,Recommended,283640,23076008,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Timed,"I can say im pretty decent at the souls series and stuff around the genre, but when i started this game I experienced all salt and no sanctuary.The soundtrack is amazing, its not a slow or almost silent music in the background but its got a feeling of action and some spice to it that really fits the game.Character Creation wasnt much, as there were a bit of hairstyles and I guess skin colors/races. The chef class is a literal meme in its entirety.Weapons.. Now weapons my boy... I succeeded quite well with a tier 0 spear for quite awhile just solely on the factor that its strongattack shred through literal everything. The skill tree and the weapons have a great vareity and are really fun to use.Spell casting is meh, it felt like dark souls all over againOverall, I give it a 8/10 check it out!"
,Recommended,283640,23092957,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Schlangus,"Buy this game as soon as you can, it's difficult, it's a 2D Souls-clone, it's got a beautifully dark world, and it hates you.There are also differences between this and Souls. An obvious example is that it uses salt as your experience rather than souls. There's also that it uses gold as its currency whereas salt is purely for leveling up.Rather than using salt to increase your stats like souls in Dark Souls, you use it to increase your level which allows you to gain Black Pearls, which you spend on skills."
,Recommended,283640,23111861,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,busty,"Great game, and quite challenging"
76561198058432010,Recommended,283640,23133255,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,"Beshit thyself, know thyself",This game is going to give me a lot of headaches.10/10Will never play again.
,Recommended,283640,23145093,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sugarspoon,"Extremely good.Sure, it takes a whole lot of mechanics from Dark Souls and just renames them, but this game is still really well made.I do experience a lot of rage, but the rage is shortlived because of the satisfying executions I experience when moving on.PS: Do not trust the bottled messages, trust yourself."
,Recommended,283640,23217882,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Vagabond Frog,"Nailed it.Praise the salt/10(also, better torch mechanics than Dark Souls 2)"
76561198033382445,Recommended,283640,23254818,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Novalex,Metroidvania+Souls=This GameSome aspects are actually better than those games. And this game is way~more hardcore then those games.
,Recommended,283640,23880507,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,帕罗帝娜君,这个游戏是朋友介绍的。在玩到第一个避难所放下烛台之后的下跪升级，加点，让我第一个联想到了黑魂。后来看到介绍说开发者借鉴了黑魂。这游戏还是很赞的。和黑魂一样，一定要和小怪正义的单挑，否则前后夹击很快就gg了。boss战感觉不错，由于刚入手才打完第一关boss就不多做评价。对于这款游戏还是推荐入手的。机器配置入门级的可以那这个游戏过一把抖m之魂的瘾。好了，不多说了，我要去玩屁股了。
76561198109105859,Recommended,283640,24291230,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Spaghetto,kill me
,Recommended,283640,23052010,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,oraro,"The Dark Souls of indie games.Of course before you complain about it being hard in your blog/reviewsite/blog to pay off your liberal arts degree, consider getting good first."
,Recommended,283640,23210812,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Regan Ross,2D dark souls
76561198134487166,Recommended,283640,23299770,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AR,One of the best games I've played over the last 5 years.
,Recommended,283640,23076251,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Mynilla,i have not have much time yet but this feels like a souls game if it was limited to 2D its amazingly well made and has the making of a great game.
76561198036702625,Recommended,283640,23078624,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"TL;DR:Bought the game, played 10 hours straight because it was that good. Looking forward to play more. Great game. Challenging beat 'em up platformer RPG.An excellent 2D game inspired by the Souls and Castlevania series as many mentioned already.Melee is fun and viceral, magic melts faces and is satisfying once you get used to the aiming system, and I didn't try archery yet so I can't say anything about it.As the game progresses, some abilities are unlocked that are used to access areas which weren't accessible beforehand.Dodging isn't as bad as some people say, it is just different than what we're used to from Souls game, especially about timing and ""pushing then dodge"" mechanic.Music has a lot of electric guitar in it, so this can be a plus if you like that.Atmosphere is gloomy which fits game's theme well.Difficulty is overall well balanced in my opinion, as challenge seemed to steadily increase with gameplay experience, making areas and bosses feel evenly difficult (actual difficulty vs perception of it).Weapon ranges can be visually tricky at times since they hit farther than the tip of the weapon. Range is actually determined by the ""slash"" visual effect rather than weapon's length itself. Just need to gauge distance accordingly.No voice acting. That would have been a nice additional touch, but considering Ska Studios' size, it is understandable.  In the other hand, might as well have none at all than having laughable voice acting some triple-A developpers dare to feed us with.Price tag is very reasonable for the game's high quality.Overall, a nice game that is worth buying. Should appeal to people who were craving for a new Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, and/or fans of Souls series that also like platformers like Metroid/Castlevania."
76561198049531354,Recommended,283640,23091850,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,forsakenMemories,"A very entertaining metroidvania style game with a dark souls influence in it. Played through it once, plan on again in NG+ for the things I missed."
76561198027113981,Recommended,283640,23143340,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Largecow,You will love this game even while you are cursing at the top of your lungs at it.
,Recommended,283640,24035559,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xav168,"Great game, just the right amount of difficulty.It's as if Dark Souls and Rogue Legacy had a baby :DI strongly recommand."
,Recommended,283640,24151174,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EnragedEarthen,"All Salt, all the time."
76561198157881725,Recommended,283640,26265736,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fossoway,"Instead of the Onion Knight of Dark Souls, there is a potato set of armor that lets you become the Potato Knight."
76561197988408711,Recommended,283640,25865188,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Brick Top,"Castlevania meets Dark Souls and it makes for a very impressive 2d experiance. Some bosses can be quite difficult and feel cheap but hey, So did some in Dark Souls. Just makes it feel all the more rewarding when you beat them. Definetly worth the full asking price."
76561198061810336,Not Recommended,283640,32056372,Posted: 29 May,all,MaDmAN12435,"I bought this product because I like Dark Souls, and this game is built to be basically a 2D Dark Souls game.As the game, from what I'd seen, gameplay-wise at least, IS literally 2D dark souls, and I actually somewhat liked it. Unfortunately, the controls really killed the experiance for me. I'm not sure if it's because of my computer, my controller, or the game itself, but the controls feel excessivly clunky and very slightly delayed."
76561198040778050,Recommended,283640,31805003,Posted: 17 May,all,Z O O M B O I,best game.♥♥♥♥ing bats.♥♥♥♥ing dog♥♥♥♥ing ghost.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by skeleton again
76561198052325510,Recommended,283640,29099961,Posted: 7 January,all,Ragjan,"Ein düsteres und forderndes 2D-RPG!Salt & Sanctuary ist ein Spiel, was jeder Fan der Dark Souls-RPGs mal gespielt haben sollte! Warum? Weil sich das gesamte Spiel sehr stark ""anfühlt"" wie ein Dark Souls-Ableger! Man spielt als namenloser Protagonist, und bewandert eine düstere Insel, die voll von kryptischen Hinweisen auf die eigentliche Rahmenhandlung gepackt ist - Den Rest an Story muss man sich wie bei Souls aus den detaillierten Item-Beschreibungen zusammenbasteln.Auch gameplaymäßig ist das Spiel einem Dark Souls nicht unähnlich, so bedient es sich ähnlicher Heilungs und Kampfmechaniken. Bosse und auch normale Gegner sind sehr stark und man muss mit viel Bedacht an die Kämpfe herangehen um nicht in kürzester Zeit zu sterben. Ich sollte hier noch erwähnen, dass die Musik die Kämpfe episch untermalt und die Stimmung stehts gut unterstreicht.Graphisch ist das Spiel für ein 2D-Spiel meiner Meinung nach auch recht hübsch, die Zeichungen sind schön und die Gebiete stark variabel! Es gibt sehr viel zu erkunden und auch das ein oder andere Geheimnis zu lüften, und das Spiel lädt zum (mindestens) 2-3maligen Wiederspielen ein!Ein contra an dem Spiel sind meiner Meinung nach die Jump n' Run - Elemente, da diese teil sehr frustrierend sind und zum häufigen ""plötzlichen Heldentod"" führen. Auch hatte ich bei einigen Bossen das gefühlt, dass auf Balance und Anpassung verzichtet wurde...Das ändert jedoch nicht mein Gesamturteil: Salt&Sancturay ist ein ziemlich forderndes und belohnendes 2D-RPG was einen in ein düsteres Universum entführt und potenziell das Herz eines jeden Soulsspielers höherschlagen lassen sollte! Wenn ihr gerne schwere RPGs mit gut pollierten Kampfmechaniken spielt sollte Salt&Sanctuary auch was für euch sein, also greift ruhig zu - ganz besonders wenn es im Sale ist!Wenn euch das Gelesene gefallen hat, dann hört doch mal bei unserem Podcast-Channel rein! Wir sind zu finden unter:http://dergamerscast.podomatic.com/, wo wir über Spiele diskutieren und reviewen."
,Recommended,283640,27923460,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheBoredGuy733,"Dark Souls, except 2D, what more could you want?"
76561198142879082,Recommended,283640,28322245,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ryan's Rulesbook of Raging,2D Dark souls in a nutshell....9/10
,Recommended,283640,28568548,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"played already 16 minutes worth and died from the first boss, lol. I love this game and it runs better than dark souls 3"
76561198063022265,Recommended,283640,30888182,Posted: 1 April,all,Rct Kripkenstein [1st AB],I see what you did there
76561198105158004,Recommended,283640,32848432,Posted: 27 June,all,MrBogus🐻🌙,DARK SOULS BUT 2D :-)
76561198011863943,Recommended,283640,26156327,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MHM,Sidescrolling Dark Souls
76561198067736939,Recommended,283640,26159044,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Patchy.EXE,A truly fun expierence by yourself or with a friend.
,Recommended,283640,26326716,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,The creed/sanctuary system is terrible.
,Recommended,283640,26275459,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BunBun's Secret,Just stellar
,Recommended,283640,35192091,Posted: 24 September,all,Henek,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,283640,29476085,Posted: 24 January,all,richardblack3,"my wife hates dark souls and she hates me, but we had a blast playing 40-some hours couch-coop."
,Recommended,283640,29702881,Posted: 4 February,all,kfergthegreat,Great Game. I love the mix of castelvania and dark souls. I only wish it had a map like castelvania because you do tend to get lost.
,Recommended,283640,26207441,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,D.E.O.M.A.N.T.I.S. A.S.T.R.A,"Highly recommend this game, really good game. Full review coming out sometime after I hit the 200 hour mark! Have fun!"
,Recommended,283640,28448624,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sir Cucumber,really satisfying 2D dark souls
76561198023306450,Recommended,283640,28452730,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dick Smasher,Dark Souls combined with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. Tight as ♥♥♥♥ fam.
,Recommended,283640,29662330,Posted: 2 February,all,DrDeath,"Pros:-Controls are very responsive-Similar feeling as Dark Souls-THE SOUNDTRACKS-Designs are great-2D Platform-Creative combosCons:-If you suck, git gud-No online co-op-This game is not in your library11/10 would call you a casul"
,Recommended,283640,29742535,Posted: 6 February,all,gamertaboo,"If you're a fan of the Souls' games, you MUST own and play this. There's just no better way to put it."
76561198036905510,Recommended,283640,23051052,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bananassassin,"I just started the game, coming from very recently beating Dark Souls for the first time.I find myself dying more often than not because B no longer means dodge roll and RT isn't heavy attack.10/10 would re-map controls again."
76561198016277845,Recommended,283640,23052626,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Slyderx239,Didint even think when I was buying that I will die die die :DDDGame is good seen it on PS4 couldent waqit for it to come to PC to have fun with it :)))
76561198074082784,Recommended,283640,23053542,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Thulsa Doom,"nice art style, very fun game, challanging, character costumization, platform and fps at the same time and good at both. i strongly recommend the game for the people who likes these genres"
,Recommended,283640,23086652,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Slevin,Highly recommend this game!Atmosphere and style with different level design and Dark Souls Mechanics in 2D.
,Recommended,283640,23087417,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,comrade_cylon,I have yet to experience something I don't like about this game. It's simply a perfect game. I can't think of a single con.
,Recommended,283640,23100895,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,llacapa,"Be ready for a boss fight at every corner, if your not you'll die. That's the mistake i made."
,Recommended,283640,23213749,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Don't Fuckle With Shuckle,"You're about to become 99% salt as you play through this game due to the:-Platformers-Bosses-Mobs that are literally bosses-Falling-Traps-Traps that throw you off a cliff-Hidden bosses?-Pitchwoods.Great Game, Would recommend. Just prepare to get salty and praying for sanctuary as you play this game."
,Recommended,283640,23222546,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,NightmareDredd,"I've only played a bit of Salt and Sanctuary so far, but wow! I was told this game was like the Souls Series and Castlevania. It lives up to the masterpiece status of both franchises and in some ways surpasses as a worthy successor. If you love either franchise or are looking for something to dip into before trying Souls, I would suggest this lovely gem of a 2D platformer as a great start. 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,23493885,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Male Manhood,It's ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
,Recommended,283640,23524367,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Leviathon,I feel thirsty for salt.
,Recommended,283640,23699464,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mariow,"Prob one of the best 2d games that ive ever played. I give it 8.5 / 10 cause of the lack of multyplayer, but believe me, when multyplayer comes for this game, it will be a 20 / 10... :v"
,Recommended,283640,23809614,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Regn,This is what Dark Souls would look like in 2D
76561197960542560,Recommended,283640,23830566,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SpYn-LiLi,"Blurry Vision, The Game ಠ_ಠAnd this Frog-Faces :/Nitpicking? Yes, I love this Game ...  beyond Souls9.5/10..... after 40 hours of playing I am so disgusted by the ""Keepers of Fire and Sky"" platforming that I lower my rating to a 9/10"
,Recommended,283640,23840425,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Smiler,2D Dark Souls - Im in heaven!
,Recommended,283640,23842327,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Anhelito,"Great game, everything you love about Dark souls, only this time in 2D.Only thing which bothers me is that I keep dying time after time, but that is my fate, fate of the cursed. :)"
,Recommended,283640,24015974,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ghost Waifu,Praise the Salt \[T]/ !!EDIT: ok i turn this into something more useful and give you a verry important hinti died more from Sticky-keys than from any other boss in the game so turn them off before playing
76561198082994390,Recommended,283640,24093182,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,serious_bagel,git gud
76561198005085411,Recommended,283640,24502748,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ulcor,Ez game
,Recommended,283640,24538321,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,cherrycokeman,Kenny simulator
76561198012741833,Recommended,283640,24542185,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,saintmantooth,"This is a fun, but difficult game. To give you an idea, I'd say about 85% of this game is straight from the Souls series, just with new names. It uses a skills tree instead of point allocation to level up your character. The sanctuaries have a unique feature of offering sacrifices in order to give functionality to that sanctuary. Gameplay is difficult, but fun. Overall a great game with hours of fun."
76561198179334969,Recommended,283640,24548544,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,flowkclab,"This is just an an amazing game!!!  The art style, the atmosphere!   I already own it on PS4 but when I saw the Linux version on Steam, I just had yo buy it again.  Yes, it is that good!Battles tend to get a bit easier towards the end, but that was perfect since the platforming got a lot harder (at least for me) in some sections."
,Recommended,283640,24687237,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dude2o,Check out the video.https://youtu.be/FeYn7SduMTg
,Recommended,283640,24741787,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,jackal,"Pretty sweet sidescrolling action/platforming RPG. Hack, slash, cast, level up, customize build, and explore mostly freely. Like 2D dark souls. It's difficult at times, but messages left by other players are there to help at key points along the way. A game with great atmosphere, good artwork and music, decent gameplay, and no real downsides. Overall, pretty good.Directions can get sketchy sometimes if you're easily disoriented or checking out a new area for the first time without realizing that it borders another previously explored area. Still, the map is pretty well laid out, and even without using fast transport, walking from anywhere to anywhere else isn't too punishing.I wish there was a respec option. Even with a penalty, being able to try new builds without starting a wholly different character would be very much appreciated. Still, the flexibility of the tree is nice - reminiscent of FFX's sphere grid. The little bits of lore on each node are nice too, for those who enjoy that kind of thing.A word of caution: some NPCs give quests that cannot be continued if the NPC isn't found and chat options exhausted before fighting the area boss. This can also happen in some rare cases where bosses may be fought out of ""order."" Just check the wiki perhaps, if completion in this manner is important. Winning the game and building properly are not dependent upon it though, so it's more a matter of collecting all the acheivements, lore, and crafting mats."
76561198047856558,Recommended,283640,24766359,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Silvyy,a
76561198057593025,Recommended,283640,24968187,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Knight Negev,"Great game, i like it so far"
76561198043095135,Recommended,283640,23156570,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Phantasm,"was this game worth getting, yes i would say so, lots of fun and very similar to dark soulswas it worth $16 USD...probably not :p9/10 would get salty over losing my salt againEdit: at first, this review was suppose to be a joke (look at me, im playing a dark souls-ish game i think its good) but now after several more hours of playing it through and through, reading the lore from items ive come across, and unlocking all achievements, i really must recommend this game to everyone looking for a new game to play. Yes it is difficult at times (like dark souls), yes its a 2D platformer, but i cant help feel sad now that i know its finished.An easy 10/10 score"
,Recommended,283640,23213152,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"It is a 2D Dark Souls like, it is heavily heavily inspired by the Souls mechanics to the point that a handful of people are basicly going around with the whole ""Doom clone"" type of issue where because there has not really been a defined genre for Souls mechanics games its just a new subgenre that doesn't have a name yet much like how all FPS games where called Doom clones until they finily understood it was a new genre and finally gave the genre a name of FPS.While people cry clone, its no different then ""Doom Clone"" or ""Metroidvania"" or ""Rogue Like"" (which still hasn't gotten a proper genre name other then ""Rogue like""), its a new genre that people want to compare to the first game that name the genre popular.With that said it is competent at what it does, its map design is very Souls like in unlocking shortcuts and having things wrap back on themselves (even illusionary walls, each weapon type has a different feel to it, its enemies are a variation from cannon fooder to challenging but fair. It's bosses (so far, maybe further ones are not) seem challenging at first but fairly easy when you learn the bosses tells and learn how to dodge the upcoming attack, not to disimilar to a game of the same unnamed genre. As for the platforming I have personally had no issue with it only ""unfair"" deaths I have had where checking to see if there was a secret or not, but then again MetriodVanias where my go to games when I was a kid and knew there was platforming coming into the game, if you come into the game expecting purely a 2D Dark Souls then I could see not liking the platforming since Dark Souls was for the most part fairly light on platforming execpt a few zones.All in all if you read all the negitive reviews on the game you will notice only a couple of complaints ""Dark Souls rip off"" or ""Platforming unfair"", which like I said I could see coming from someone who was expecting purely a 2D Dark Souls, but if you expect platforming its not really unfair unless you don't like platformers. Or ""Bosses unfair"", which again its all about learning boss tells, some attacks you want to dodge roll away from, some attacks you want to dodge roll towards, some attacks you want to jump, I have not run into an attack you can not avoid (unless you poorly manage your stamina) but some may seem unavoidable if you don't think about rolling towards the boss to get under the attack.Who would I recomend this game to? Anyone who enjoys the Souls mechanics while at the same time enjoys platforming not to disimalar to Castlevania games of old.Is it a perfect game? No, but most the complaints are highly subjective or just not taking the time to try different ways to avoid attacks. I know I have beat the Queen of Smiles a few times, know that you can do the fight without taking damage but I just suck at the fight so just put her weakness on my weapon and kill her more quickly becuase I keep screwing up dodging toward her on attacks or the timing of it. Then again I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of the ""unfair this or that"" complaints where from people who are younger then when games where designed to be quarter eaters back when unfair was the staple of all games. But I have seen no reason to believe that this game crosses the line between ""challenging"" and ""unfair"", but certain parts may be in that grey area where its hard to tell which it is."
,Recommended,283640,23227269,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Vladkins,"10/10 - If you like SOTN, dark-themes games you will love this masterpiece+ Action RPG side scroller where you swing a large sword or shoot enemies+ Dark, atmospheric game with responsive controls+ Challenging yet fair+ Extensive end-game, new game++ Music complements and enhances gameplay+ Extensive customization/tactical choices+ Trial and error, no hand holding- Polish"
76561197979438474,Recommended,283640,23243904,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zednaught,"Absolutely brilliant. This game takes liberally from almost every major feature of Dark Souls and puts it into a 2d plane, but that's not a bad thing. The end product is every bit as challenging and filled with the wonderfully weird bosses and diverse, secret-laden level design that fans of the series love."
76561198086853724,Recommended,283640,23289381,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Felix,"If you are a fan of souls game, just buy it!!!A perfect 2D-Souls game which has its own soulsPraise the salt \[T]/"
76561197977839011,Recommended,283640,24043130,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Salty,"2D dark souls, whats not to love? Salty Souls!"
76561198027977255,Recommended,283640,24561231,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Merari,"A brilliant game that feels like a combination of Megaman X, Metroid, and Dark Souls. I really wish they would introduce online multiplayer for those good friends who are too far away."
,Recommended,283640,24570570,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,Literally a 2D Dark Souls.Here's hoping some day they get online PvP and co-op going instead of Local-Only.  Because that would make this game potentially Better than Dark Souls.
,Recommended,283640,25205740,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,milkytingle,Review From My Girlfriend:Awesome co-op. Awesome art style. I died heaps and wasn't even mad. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198021958244,Recommended,283640,23127094,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,HumanitiesFlirt,"2d dark souls, but harder if that is even a thing."
76561198017103814,Recommended,283640,23792835,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MalathionC,"Disappearing, reappearing skeletons? Unforgiving game mechanics? Log to the face?  Hell yeah! 5 stars."
76561198211359336,Recommended,283640,23233412,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,crazybones_12,This game reminded me of the castlevania games I played but with the twist of souls like gameplay totally reccommend it for people who like metroidvania type games with high difficulty.
76561197992912189,Recommended,283640,23700793,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SnokiezSausages,"Played this game for almost 80 hours through many new game+'s. This game is my favorite side scroller, and I highly recommend it. Gameplay is like a cross between Metriod, Castlevania and Dark souls.One huge plus, this game is only 20 bucks, and well worth it! I hope they make salt and sanctuary 2 huge and new game + harder, I will easily shell out 60 bucks if they do."
76561198050801257,Recommended,283640,23872971,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zhyxx,SimplyAmazingOne of the few games out there that i was able to get into and play endless hours.Literally not a single gam has been able to do that for a few years now.I think im getting old.But not too old for this gem.
,Recommended,283640,23900179,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7i9gmTz_sg
,Recommended,283640,24034889,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GrassTypeFire,I'm out of salt?... YOU'RE OUT OF SALT!!THIS WHOLE GAME IS OUTTA SALT!!!
76561197990221475,Recommended,283640,24564305,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Clockwise,"It's a formulaic 2D clone of Dark Souls, but with the Ska studios graphical style. I've had more fun with it so far, then I had going through the entirety of DS3. The fighting is smooth, responsive and rewarding. It's tough, but only rarely cheap IMO. Once you figure out patterns of difficult enemies you get a lot of really cool back and forth melee action.I love most of the metroidvania style games I've played and the entire Souls trilogy. This is the perfect combination of both, delivered by a studio with strong experience in 2D action platformers.Honestly, best game I've played in years. 10."
,Recommended,283640,23046805,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Thrillhaus,"Go buy this game now.If you are a Dark/Demon Souls fan - just stop reading and go buy this game now.If you haven't been into the Souls series - just go buy it anyways, but I will go a bit further to help you out.This feels like it was done by From Software, but you're actually getting Ska Studios - the married couple behind the excellent Dishwasher games and the Xbox Live Arcade featured Charlie Murder... but from the unique art style of all their games you would likely know that by one glance of Salt & Sanctuary.From the menu screen to the fonts chosen to the systems used in the game, this is Dark Souls down to a tee - and it was done properly by people who clearly not only loved the games but also understood why they were fun. Making the translation over to a 2D side-scroller isn't all that easy of a thing to do when you're talking about a style of game that is replete with depth and complexity but from what I've played so far, Salt & Sanctuary covers all of those bases while still being challenging and fresh in its own right.I implore anyone on the fence about it to make the dive and step in - I played this to death co-op with a friend on his PS4 and I've been dying with anticipation for the PC version to come out and I wasn't even aware that it was going to be today!"
,Recommended,283640,23078307,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,23yearsGitter,"fantastic game,i love this style and music. but i am chinese. I know some usual words,but i can not understand other words,So,i just want ask a question,when you adds chinese languague in thie game?Thank you very mush."
,Recommended,283640,23262646,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Blue_Sparrow,A perfect mix of dark souls and rogue Legacy
,Recommended,283640,23330209,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mwa jamwé lé kakawo,"\""Oh, No! I will never be able to play Bloodborne, a PS4 exclusive game develloped by FromSoftware!If only a game just like it, only with cooler combat style, more blood, more bosses, more strategy,  set in the almost same universe as the souls/bloodborne series was on PC!\""10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ the PS4 again with my Master Race"
,Recommended,283640,23402884,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GreatJobJake,Embrace the Salt!
,Recommended,283640,24542010,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Seafaring Horse,"All right, partnah, keep on rollin baby."
,Recommended,283640,23084177,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ctswright,Fun. If you like souls and/or metroiddvanias you'll probably like it.
,Recommended,283640,23175460,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Aggressive Gynecologist,The designer of The Pitchwoods area should probably jump off a cliff
76561198060518343,Recommended,283640,23434335,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Supa-Troopa,"A very Dark Souls-esque medroidvania, with quite the surprising length, outstanding visual style, rich atmosphere and responsive satisfying combat. The only area which could use some improvement is music — quality is fine, great even, but quantity is a bit lacking.All in all — excellent deal for the asked price, highly recommended (doubly so if you like Souls series).Praise the salt!"
76561197972330820,Recommended,283640,24192245,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Yamagata,"Everything all the thumbs ups here have already said, plus the Linux port is excellent. It works perfectly across all the nVidia and Intel machines I've got."
76561197971119053,Recommended,283640,23082293,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Apple Pie,It's like a Castlevania burrito stuffed with Dark Souls filling; extra guac.
76561198111281989,Recommended,283640,23106708,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,'Broken' Dark,"I just know that i am going to be putting hours upon hours into this game, and im only 4 hours in! This is basically a 2D dark souls, and i know its kinda a cliche to compare dark souls to various games, (basically becoming a meme) However this genuinely is like dark souls but 2d. Its difficult, its fun, and it is very dark. It even has similar game mechanics to dark souls. By far my favorite aspect of the game is the art style, the game is so, so beautiful. You can tell that this studio put love into this game. as well as alot of blood. I would highly reccomend this one to anyone who doesnt mind a harder game."
76561198041995956,Recommended,283640,23148525,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,bahamut66,"Salt and Sanctuary is an interesting game that I first saw thanks to Vaati who declared it ""Souls-like.""  As such, comparisons to Dark Souls are...kind of a given.  It's a different beast, in both good ways and bad, from Dark Souls, so let's break this game down.  It's not perfect, but has enough charm to keep you engaged for a decent amount of time.Visually, the game's characters are a bit odd, as they have an almost leathery, sackboy like skinset, but other than that, the visuals are striking.  A bit watered down at times, but with lots of detail and grim, haunting environemnts that are just as creepy as they are cool, like a village of dead people with smiles carved into their faces, corpses in a pumpkin patch which try to eat you, and an entire dungeon of creepiness.  The combat feels tough and meaty and there's a lot of blood, the best part of it being the weight each blow seems to have.  It feels like you're really slamming a hammer or a whip into an enemy when it makes contact.  You can reclaim your exp, called Salt here, if you die by killing your killer, which is cool, or by killing a bird if you didn't die to an enemy.  There are clever traps and wicked monsters, all well designed and creepy looking.Now, unfortunately, this game isn't perfect.  The music is...pretty lackluster.  It's not going a lot of the time, but occasionally breaks into a guitar riff and...doesn't feel ambient or appropriate.  It's also gonna get old quick because you are gonna hear it a lot.  The story is pretty nonexistant apart from a setup.  There are some interesting side stories and you meet some cool NPCs, but apart from a feeling of something sinister guiding you through the island, there isn't much story and the world building feels poor compared to Dark Souls.  We don't get much of a feel for other countries or nations outside the island we're on in the same way as we did for Dark Souls.  This game focuses a lot more on platforming as well, which is both good and bad.  Good in that it provides something different and interesting for getting around.  Bad in that you will die to gravity a hundred times more than you will to enemies.  This also brings up another point...any enemy your size or great can punt you off the edge of a cliff with ease and there are A LOT of cliffs in this game.  You are going to die a lot in unfair ways as guys swing at you and just throw you into an abyss.  Finally, some enemies are just unfair.  I know this sounds like a cop out, but there are two major problems with enemy design.  The first is stun.  It's easy as all hell to stunlock in this game.  For both you and enemies.  Get sandwiched and you are toast as your health drops to zero almost immediately, with you unable to swing your sword or raise your shield.  Conversely, it's easy to just totally prevent an enemy from hitting you if you are fast enough.  It's a trade off.  Worse though is that some enemies will screw you with unfair abilities.  That stunlock got me killed when an AOE did 1000 points of minor damage over like 10 seconds, but since I was stunned, I couldn't escape.  I also found a troupe of skeletons in a cave.  THey are able to teleport and hide from you.  This means they can teleport away from your swings and gang up on you with you unable to counter attack.  There are a fair number of problems with enemy designs.Salt and Sanctuary feels a bit less...polished than Dark Souls.  It's a good game and it has a lot of fun moments.  The design of the world is striking and the combat feels satisfying when the enemies don't BS you.  It's worth a try because the combat is addictive.  However, bear in mind there will be frustrations."
,Recommended,283640,24043273,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yolfashj,Siphon Soul10000000/10
,Recommended,283640,24590380,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[¢] x Xeno,2d Darksouls 7/10
,Recommended,283640,24610824,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BubbleShuffle,this game needs a ♥♥♥♥ing map
,Recommended,283640,25172819,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vyaeso Silver,great game 15/10
,Recommended,283640,25460061,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all, apple juice ,"If you like dark souls, you will love this.Very good single player offline game"
76561198027258084,Recommended,283640,25480418,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,melkor23,2D Souls. I think enough for purchasing.
76561198044102761,Recommended,283640,25813678,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ahkire,"I was looking for challenging and rewarding at the sametime, found it... Great game, never played the Dark Soul series but if this game is anything like them, I'll be buying the franchise. Hope to see more from this duo who made Salt.WARNING!!If you are a control thrower, probably not you cup of tea."
,Recommended,283640,25833430,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bʟᴀᴄᴋ,If you're looking for an alternative to Dark Souls. You came to the right place. Salt and Sanctuary is a great example of how you can make a 2D Game souls like without amping the difficulty past what Dark Souls would make its players go at. I recommend this game to anyone who is longing for more Dark Souls after the two Dlc or as a way to tied your thirst as we wait for the upcoming and last dlcs. Once Salt and Sanctuary eventually decides to add Online Co-op. I will revisit this game. On Ps4 and on Pc(I own it on both platforms cause I enjoyed the game so much and wanted to record a playthrough on it without having to get a capture card.)
76561198021530025,Recommended,283640,25444797,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Grovmel,"I have played games almost daily for 27 years (got my first sega console). Now i am so used to games, that most games seem boring. So it is hard to get a good fix.I need a game that is difficult but still possible to beat and have a world that i can care about. To be honest, most roguelike are uninspiring to play. Often way to cheesy and are in a way like ""i dont give f@ck"" about progressing towards the ending. Salt and sanctuary gets that one right. It has the soul needed to be great. You can see that the developers cared about the game they created.If Dark souls and Rogue Legacy had a baby, Salt and sanctuary would be their child. I am hoping it wont be a lone child, they should make a dlc also."
,Recommended,283640,25218684,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MrMarbles,Amazing multiplayer
76561198039264534,Recommended,283640,25844829,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,tomd237,"Unreal!  I love the Demon Souls and Dark Souls games (+Bloodbourne)  and this is a game that just pays homage to From Software!  It isn't as hard as the Souls games but it is still very difficult.  If you are already used to the Souls type games then this game won't be hard to pick up at all, (or to put down for that matter).  It takes a 2d style of game play and makes it a Dark souls type game but with its own story, makeup and design.  I only have a little time vested into it but I can assure you I will be playing this for a while.  For the Price it is very worth it.  It plays like Dark souls (but 2d)  and is just as fun as the whole franchise.  Don't just take my word for it, read the other reviews!   The music fits the game and is really awesome in my opionion.  The play control is just right and (just as in the souls series) time and learn the movement of everything.  Jamming on buttons won't help.  YES, There are ""fat"" rolls if you are too heavy.  All in all, this game is worth buying if you loved the souls series.  This will scratch that itch for that type of game.  :)"
,Recommended,283640,33419242,Posted: 9 July,all,Chowderchu,"This is basically 2d dark souls, and it's pretty rad."
,Recommended,283640,35488090,Posted: 4 October,all,Draculascastle1,"Ah yes, darkness my old friend. Oh how I love to see you in the form of a Metroidvania. Darksoulsvania. Nuff said."
76561197961153586,Not Recommended,283640,32277596,Posted: 8 June,all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Admittedly I'm pretty tired of the demon souls combat+exploration+mysterious story formula: learn by dieing, and explore for items that are mostly useless for your character (unless you look up what you want and go searching for them).  And I'm tired of reading item descriptions for the ""lore.""But this game can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥  First, you have the dark souls conceit of having to learn enemy attack patterns (usually by dieing first).  Second, you have platforming (and other than Ori and the Blind Forest, I'm not a platforming fan).  Gravity will kill you often.  Third, you have a confusing map with way too much backtracking and areas locked off by keys or requiring skills you get later.  And finally you have controls that often respond in weird ways to the environment-- or you have to ask ""can I do that?"" and risk death for the sake of experimentation.Some of the crap they put in here is just to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off-- traps that knock you off platforms, enemies that disapper when you swing at them, unicorns that one shot you which you cant POSSIBLY know until they do...The skill tree is silly-- its just a fancy way to pump your basic stats.  I picked a 1 hand + shield from the start, and combat remained unchanged as my character progressed.  I just got bigger stats.  Switching from an axe to a mace was slightly different but the choice was really based on my enemy's weakness, not playstyle.If you like the idea of getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked like Dark Souls, platforming, and looking up what to do next, this game is for you.  For me this game was not fun, I'm burned out on Dark Souls, and I would have rather replayed Ori."
76561198002071249,Not Recommended,283640,24589674,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,VCR,"If you want to get this game because you liked Dark Souls, don't get it. If you like Castlevania or Metroid, get it. I don't like Castlevania nor Metroid, so I would not recommend it, but I guess I can see why people like S&S."
76561198031471572,Recommended,283640,23095404,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lhynkrix.,This should be renamed to salty sanctuary... already 10 minutes in and i flip my shiz.10/10 would flip again.
,Recommended,283640,23106429,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dan,Souls + Metroidvania = get rekt and love it.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,283640,23149957,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PhantomSoldier,Awsome 2d souls feel! If you love bloodborne or dark souls BUY THIS NOW!!
,Recommended,283640,23095289,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kurosaki,Prepare to DIE....in 2D!On a serious note... this game is well-made and a load of fun. 10/10
,Recommended,283640,23938933,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alien,"Its like dark souls, but saltier"
76561198143116664,Recommended,283640,31748107,Posted: 14 May,all,最后的小肥羊,Cooooool game and we need Chinese !!!
,Recommended,283640,23076056,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kukkuripa,"Awesome!.... SO DAMN A.DEEK.TEEV!!!!.....After playing some more, I can say for sure this game is even more awesome than awesome. Totally worth it!BTW, Great Scissors are OP."
,Recommended,283640,23045306,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Drunken Irish Stereotype,Keep losing my salt but the game keeps helping me make more.
76561198107044964,Recommended,283640,23045987,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lowel,"It's a 2D Dark Souls. Or 2D Bloodborne, if it gives you that vibe. Regardless, it's amazing."
,Recommended,283640,23103934,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,pingas,There's two Blighttowns and none of those have FPS issues.10/10 would buy twice.
76561198326945717,Not Recommended,283640,33896784,Posted: 29 July,all,SpringJeans,"This game is very blatantly trying to be a 2D metroidvania ""Souls lite"" game. After putting in quite some time with this piece, I would say that the one thing that they really messed up were the boss battles. Incredibly predictable, repetititive, and the only thing that really kills me is either me rushing to get back to my ""salt"", or me falling to my death because I can't look down more than a couple of feet. The game doesn't explain harldy any of the mechanics at all, so I've been under the assumption that theyre the same as DS. It's a fun game, I just think that they missed a couple of major points that could make this a solid title. This is why I do not reccomend the game. Or at least not until it is heavily discounted."
76561198129119342,Recommended,283640,25880999,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DCLXVI,Best 17.99 euro ever spent. Great game!Like Dark Souls without beeing Dark Souls.Git gud tho..
76561198081459690,Recommended,283640,23094651,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,bankoops,Dark Salt : Prepare to Salt EditionPraise the Salt !! !
76561198030598611,Recommended,283640,23201624,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,-=WavE=-,Genuine dark souls experience !!Prise the sun&salt !!
,Recommended,283640,23227879,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Marked One,"Imagine Dark Souls but 2D and just a tad easier while mantaining the same level of BS. This is the basic concept of Salt and Sanctuary. Now when you think of a 2D game, you likely have horrible flashbacks of utterly cliche of ""indie"" and ""retro"" art styles with. Thankfully, this is not one of those trash titles. This has an art style of it's own that is beautiful in its own way. No pixelated garbage, solid platforming, all in all a very very solid MetroidVania type of game that will have you yelling at your monitor when you mess up just like Dark Souls. This is coming from someone who is pretty much against any kind of side scroller as I feel they are just overdone to hell by ""indie"" devs.  Gameplay is extremely fluid and feels refined, no matter if you're a heavy armor great axe wielder or a dodging dagger/bow user. If your laptop can't handle Dark Souls 1, but you want that self harm experience, go ahead and get it. Even if you can handle Dark Souls III, I'd recommend it. For those looking for a game that's like the original Castlevania games, jump on this."
,Recommended,283640,23246753,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,&rew,overwatch killer
76561198075438446,Recommended,283640,23330777,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Oborowatabinost,Love this game!
76561197993033613,Not Recommended,283640,24770164,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Second,"I love me some Dark Souls, but this game's battles come up far short. They use the same weapon for parrying as light attacks so you will often find yourself doing a useless parry when you want to get in a quick jab after blocking an attack.Also many enemies are cheap. In Dark Souls when something went wrong it was your fault, it wasn't that a giant enemy decided to do a giant attack that you cannot roll out of, dodge and groups of enemies will spam attacks with no time inbetween for you to counter.Those are my big complaints, there are other smaller issues, the lore seems dull and lazy, the art looks junky and washed out, the mechanics are unexplained (and while that's true in Dark Souls, Dark Souls made me invested enough to learn those systems instead of just giving up.)"
,Recommended,283640,23309360,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Uncle Benjen,"It's basically 2D Dark Souls, mixed with metrovania aspects and lots of platforming."
76561197973091916,Recommended,283640,31846370,Posted: 19 May,all,Dendrazzik,"When they say dark soul in 2D, i had no idea how much that it was close to the truth!"
,Recommended,283640,33204257,Posted: 3 July,all,Smau6785,"Fell to my death with 300k salt on me.Wandered into a room, found a boss, killed that boss, tried jumping on a platform, died.Found a pony, pony killed me.Love all of this."
,Recommended,283640,31798133,Posted: 16 May,all,You Can't Cage the Sprout!,"""I have an idea.  Let's make a game that is like dark souls in it that it is incredibly challenging but lets make it harder where you can only run away left and right in a side scroller fashion.""  -The developers thought process in a nutshell."
,Recommended,283640,27378755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A man named tobeyto.,"2 good 4 words, just get the game."
76561197993808867,Recommended,283640,28209599,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,B n' E,so good
,Recommended,283640,26465995,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,rotten apple,"I like Dark Souls, I do not like Salt and Sanctuary, it blows Baja Blast."
76561197987690518,Not Recommended,283640,30048488,Posted: 19 February,all,Chucklzz,"Not sure if it's a port issue, but very frequently, my input commands are not obeyed by my character, and it's not that I'm out of stamina either. Sometimes, when I click, nothing happens.  In a game that is so dependent on reaction times and accuracy, this is unbearable."
76561198000711728,Recommended,283640,23046441,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Knight Guy,An Amazing 2d side scroller.If Dark Souls and Castlevania Symphony of the Night had a love child together!10/10 would die again!
76561197991955224,Recommended,283640,23062851,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PeGassY,It satisfies both your RPG and playformer cravings.
,Recommended,283640,23075961,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shift,The poor mans Dark Souls (addictive as hell).
76561198059229784,Recommended,283640,23107196,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,stumpybeaver,11/10Monstrous Mace... would bash the loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything again!
76561197983217037,Recommended,283640,23111735,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ForgotTheMeta,"Loveing this game so far.  It's like 2D dark souls, with slightly better controls."
76561198062513379,Recommended,283640,23116722,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BuZZY,How to co op ?
76561198030096654,Recommended,283640,23251546,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,noma,basicly dakr sous l3 with 2 d grapch
76561198061844476,Recommended,283640,23633497,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SAGI,"In Salt and Sanctuary you can always find immersive and addicting gameplay experience through every enemy you encounter, every hit you blow, and every boss battle you manage to survive. It is a well-made 2D platformer that is both challenging and unforgiving, but highly rewarding. Just before you embark on this dark journey, prepared to be crushed as no one will show mercy.10/10 just forget about the Iron Rampart"
76561198046391457,Recommended,283640,23806833,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,InfiniteYield,Dark Souls 3 : Metroidvania Edition.this game good it make me punch own balls very hard
76561198146400916,Recommended,283640,24242273,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Knight Slayer Tsorig,"I got so far into the game, I actually bit through my god damn lip by accident from sheer anticipation and broke a tooth. It hurt so bad, and it scared me worse than the thing that caused me to do it.10/10 Dentist saved my mouth that day.1/10 The game actually cost me about $1200 without copay on insurance.Final Game price: $1220."
,Recommended,283640,24519227,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Auto Lose with Me 3:),"It's a good game, souls-like but whole game is not long as souls series, for me, its only take me 27h to complete it.And here is my boss fight video playlist, please feel free to like and subscribe, thx.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAqI5lfN9vaIqLPbj-_rUUVrU4wDV4XnQPros & Cons SectionPros:+ Souls-like+ Rich & attractive ability build+ Rich weapon choices, although you will only use one or two+ Interesting boss fight+ Amazing map design+ Amazing brandCons:- Some dombination are too over power, like great sword + golden wine + attack buff"
76561198007225917,Recommended,283640,25095962,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lucifer 666,Just an Awesome game hard to quit playing love it :)
,Recommended,283640,24524246,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NobodysEducated,Great game! Amazing gameplay. Unique play style. Hands down my favorite 2D game!
,Recommended,283640,23218247,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,YOU DYED,Prepare to lose salts.
76561198143970967,Recommended,283640,23287788,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,A Kick In The Head,*A mysterious cleric revieves you for 10 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for 120 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for 500 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for 1200 gold **A mysterious cleric revieves you for 2500 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for 3500 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for 50000 gold**A mysterious cleric revieves you for1000000 gold*f*ck the cleric.
,Recommended,283640,23491790,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,"Lord Wolf, of Wolf House","hardest enemy in the game is gravity. those trees will haunt my nightmaresoh and its a good game, 2d dark souls or whatever"
,Recommended,283640,24055881,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kevin from Friends,50 minutes in and I already want to burn down an orphanage or fiveThis is a pretty good Souls game
76561198173413238,Recommended,283640,25549034,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Elmite,A very nice game.We need Chinese!!!!!
,Recommended,283640,23082234,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mister D.,just yes
76561197984122115,Recommended,283640,23255229,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Fuschnicken,"Bought Salt and Sanctuary. Received Death Wish Simulator 2016. 10/10 would purchase wrong game again.Seriously though, I really like this game. The framework is certainly based off of Dark Souls and you will see many similarities but I didn't buy this game because of how much I liked Dark Souls. I bought it because I loved Dishwasher 2, which first introduced me to Ska Studios.That art style and hyper violence are still here but things aren't as chaotic and over the top because of the Dark Souls influence. Ska Studios' dark art style is perfect for a series like this. I also like the dark guitar and ambient sounds that comprise the soundtrack.The combat is difficult but rewarding. You will die....a lot but for all the times that you see the word Obliterated, the few times that you see the Victory makes it all worth it. Again this game is difficult without being punishing. None of that going hollow nonsense and needing an item to restore yourself. Simply visit any Sanctuary and you're back to full health. When you die it's often in new areas or with a new boss; trying to figure things out. Once you do, you know that victory is coming in time.It's been years since a game has been addictive enough to keep me up until the wee hours of the morning but Ska Studios has managed to do so with this gem, so kudos to them.I hope this game gets a lot of support, so that Ska Studios will release more titles on PC. I would buy Dishwasher 2 on Steam in a heartbeat."
76561198031152346,Recommended,283640,23620012,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kurteth,Yes
76561198263255387,Recommended,283640,25243316,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jason,Quality
,Recommended,283640,25827806,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Brobro Sunfun,"Stupidly fun, but a bit short. Worth the $15, and very replayable"
76561198008920516,Recommended,283640,25847046,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TickleMeWilcox,Haven't beaten it yet but it's very fun.  Especially in couch coop.  Easily worth the asking price.
,Recommended,283640,25912521,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Neurotic,Awesome 2D side scroller. If you like Dark Souls pick this one up.
76561198059666504,Not Recommended,283640,23974267,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Willy Wonka,"This is a rather tough review to write. This game is a frustrating one; not from it's difficulty, but from the many aspects it falls just short of. I'll do my best to explain those aspects throughout my review.As a die-hard fan of the Souls series, I thought that I'd check this game out. This game does a great job of emulating the general Dark Souls-esque gameplay to 2D. As with the Souls series, the game is difficult. This game also shares the steep-learning curve that, once mastered, can make the game less difficult or even menial in some places.The game does stray from Souls style gameplay by having an overall more agile player character. Later in the game the character picks up dashing and wall jumping, something not in Dark Souls. By having the Souls gameplay in a faster, 2D format, the game seems like a pretty good one. When delving into it, however, its flaws begin to show.The game has platforming elements. Perhaps I was misinformed, or perhaps I was unaware, but I didn't expect this much platforming. I don't mind platforming, and I fairly enjoy games such as Mario or Super Meat Boy, but the platforming in Salt and Sanctuary frustrates me more than those two games. The beginning has little platforming, but it gradually ramps up throughout the game. I appreciate the smooth curve of platforming, but unfortunately, this platforming makes heading through the levels to either getting to your salt or return to a boss frustrating. By the time you get to the Pitchwoods or Crypt of Dead Gods, the entire level seems to focus on platforming. The levels become increasingly scarce of enemies, and your biggest threat becomes falling rather than death from an enemy. A better approach to this might be to tone down the platforming in the end levels while increasing the enemy count, to make it less tedious and more exciting.Armor in the game seems to be nearly worthless. In the Murdiella Mal fight, I switched armor sets multiple times each with different resistances and weights, but no matter what set or combination I chose, the difference in damage recieved didn't seem to matter. I have tested this numerous times and it still seems to point to a minor difference in wearing armor and not wearing armor. I don't like that having no armor is clearly the best solution, rather than the game striking a balance between an armored character, and an agile character.The various parallels between Souls and Salt and Sanctuary also frustrate me. I understand the game is inspired by Dark Souls but a lot of the features in this game have a direct equivalent in the Souls universe. Sanctuaries are Bonfires, Replenishing Healing Items are Estus, Creeds are Covenants, Upgrading is the same, and the list goes on. While this game has features that make it unique, I find that these are few and far between.Some bosses have attacks that are one-hit KO's. I can handle one-hit attacks, but when the boss pins me to the wall and he's too big to roll through, I can't escape. Too often have I been almost done with a boss, only for them to throw out the OHKO move.This isn't to say the game doesn't have positive features. As I've said before, the game does an excellent job of emulating the Souls series to 2D and it does an ok job at adding some unique features into the mix. This game is slightly more forgiving than Dark Souls, but that's a personal positive. The lore is also interesting, if not scarce. The 18 hour campaign is definitely worth the price.Those are my main pros and cons of Salt and Sanctuary. I wish there was an alternative third option to the binary system on Steam because this is a game that would frustrate and♥♥♥♥♥♥off a certain audience, and pleasure another. It also has the uncanny ability to do both to me. Salt and Sanctuary is frustrating because it's a game that I can complain about all day, but I'll be playing it again anyway."
,Recommended,283640,24135941,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mister B,"So Salt Sanctuary is basically a 2D Dark Souls.What makes it a 2D Dark Souls?- You have your bonfires (Sanctuaries).- Random NPCs that have questlines/quests.- Estus Flask alike healing items.- Similar starting classes.- Different Builds (STR, DEX, etc...)- Same sort of weapons ((Ultra)Greatswords, (Ultra) Greathammers, Scythes, (Ultra) Greatshields, etc...)- Area Bosses.- Messages from other players (Bottles with letters in them).- Secret Doors.What this game doesn't have that Dark Souls does have.- Invaders (I bet you casual, 2 phantom summoning gank squad scrubs love this)- Summon signs (No random help at bosses, so git gud).- Leveling up system like Dark Souls (Skills are obtained through a Skill tree, which is a very interesting way of doing levels)- Fun bossesOk so, bosses in Dark Souls are great...but this games' bosses are NOT fun most of the times since the 2D aspect of the game it's kinda hard to dodge if you don't want to rely on shields. Most bosses have an stupid long range and will catch you off guard, if that isn't enough at a certain point bosses start to attack faster and will give you no time to breath in between getting smashed to the ground ending in you getting killed in a very cheap manner. Or they just spam attacks and murder you.TL;DRIt's Dark Souls in 2D with dissapointing boss fights.I still recommend this game since the bosses can go fk themselves since the rest of the game is SO AWESOME."
76561198121127338,Not Recommended,283640,26665472,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Rook Man,"If you're a fan of Dark Souls and that's what drew you to this game, you will be dissapointed. Salt and Sanctuary is not only not like Dark Souls(I have near 400 hours logged between the three titles, so I'm not speaking out of my♥♥♥♥♥, but kind of a bad game in general.1: Literally the hardest thing about this game is the contrast. You cannot, under any circumstances, see♥♥♥♥♥♥ The grey enemies blend into the grey backround alongside the grey interactable objects. Fun. It's actually easier to see underground because then enemies are highlighted against black backrounds instead of the entire ♥♥♥♥ing screen being greyscale.2: Turns out platforming and Souls don't mix; you can't dodge in midair(at least they don't tell you how), and many enemies can simply swat you out of the air. The rolling is awkward as hell, there is collision by default and rolling allows you to pass through enemies, but only during certain frames, making it easy to roll gently to an enemy's feet ready to get smacked with a counterhit.3: Enemies aren't hard to kill, usually, but they have this annoying thing where every single move is stupidly under-telegraphed(if you can physically see the enemy model that is) so you can't just organically dodge.4: Confusing, overwhelming skill tree.5: Overly simplified combat. Not even rolling attacks.6: No bloodstains, dying to an enemy buffs them and forces you to fight them for you lunch money. Great.7: The most difficult enemy in the game is the controls. The camera also likes to do whatever it wants sometimes, too. The game as a whole is way faster in every aspect that it should be, so it ends up being hard to follow and difficult to learn from your mistakes.All in all, pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ adventure platformer with unclever rip-offs of souls mechanics that's most difficult elements are the lack of any color whatsoever and♥♥♥♥♥♥moving as fast as Sonic Boom. I'm fairly certain I had a better time playing Cat Mario."
,Not Recommended,283640,24440791,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,huffy,"PROS- Art style is pretty cool.- Sanctuary system allows you to create a base to suit your playstyle.- Skill tree is straightforward and effective.CONS- Unlike Dark Souls, which is hard but fair, this game is pretty unfair in its difficulty.- Skill tree provides no real sense of progression, as health increases with level.- Stamina bar drains in like two swings.A lot of people compare this came to Dark Souls, and it's clear why. It's extremely obvious in it's inspirations. The game incorporates a lot of ideas from Dark Souls, but implements them very poorly. In Dark Souls, dying to a boss is mostly due to lack of skill. In Salt and Sanctuary, however, I found many of the mechanics, and the enemy and boss AI to be poorly programmed. Rolling is unreliable, and blocking is clunky. There's very little indication of the stat requirements of the gear you'll find. Many of the attempts to create difficulty has resulted in things such as enemies and bosses that don't let you get up after being knocked down. I really wanted to enjoy this game a lot, and honestly I do like it, but it could have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,283640,28926596,Posted: 1 January,all,Awkward Bunion,"Like a 2D dark souls only not as good, not even close.While Dark souls loves to give you a cheap death every now and then, That is all this game is capable of. Bosses are ""hard"" because of small arenas or spamming the same attack over and over before your character can finish the recovery animation. Meanwhile the bosses with large arenas and slow attacks pose little to no challenge, and can be killed in one or two tries at most.Pros:-Nice art style-Great soundtrack-Some how wasn't sued by from software for ""borrowing"" almost every mechanic from the Dark souls series.Cons:-Artificial difficulty-A convoluted ""Skill tree""-Not very original-No online co-op (WTF)-terrible hit boxesIn short, just go play your favorite SOULS game."
,Recommended,283640,23043215,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BestPlebEu,"Feels just like a dark souls in 2D! even with the first boss i got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥♥multiple times, maybe 13 times. game seems exremly cool so far and definetly worth buying!"
,Recommended,283640,24027257,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,UNCLE TOUCHY AND THE CREAMY BOIS,"Common salt is a mineral composed primarily of sodium chloride (NaCl), a chemical compound belonging to the larger class of Doritos; salt in its natural form as a crystalline mineral is known as rock salt or halite. Salt is present in vast quantities in scrubs, where it is the main mineral constituent; the average scrub has about 958.611 grams (33.814 oz) of solids per litre, a salinity of 100%."
76561197992190748,Not Recommended,283640,34118392,Posted: 8 August,all,Zechnophobe,"Feels like a waste of money. I'm not sure what it is with games that have really poor controls being this popular. Sometimes you stand next to an enemy and roll through them, sometimes you spin in place. You can muddle into an area way above your stats and not realize it until you've died. Just didn't seem all that gripping."
76561198042989495,Not Recommended,283640,24717382,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,garethkeenaninvestigates,"I don't review games often, but I felt like I had to with this.I love Dark Souls. This is not Dark Souls.The genre does not lend itself to 2 dimensions. In Dark Souls, combat felt fluid and like you could improve it if you practiced. In this, I can 100% accurately hit an enemy, but since they were dodging it didn't count. You can't dodge into an axe and have it count as a miss. You're right in front of my face; how did I miss?But for the player, that same hit (with a dodge) would've counted for 90% of your health, since there is no way to get out of enemy combos once they hit you. You just have to hope the AI is dumb enough not to continue a combo.It also won't let me use the mouse for the menus (but I can use it for combat), making navigation, equipment management, and two-handed impossible. I can't barely manage how many items I have equipped, what I'm using or anything. The only solution I've found is to run it windowed...It could be fun, but it's just so goddamned cheap and random at times. Getting poisoned constantly and getting chased by 7 enemies who you can barely distinguish from the background just isn't fun. It's not hard, it's just cheap."
,Recommended,283640,23046058,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Podrock,tl;dr Amazeballs....used Geforce Gameshare to play local coop with my BOI over the net.Good solid action RPG with a dark soul vibe and challenge.Hope online coop comes soon so we aint gotta use Gameshare.
,Recommended,283640,23076492,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ActuallySatan,Salty Souls: Frustration Simulator 2016
76561198137177078,Recommended,283640,23141043,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Super Sonic,Praise the salt :-)
,Recommended,283640,23213123,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Dai Tou Zai,"I'v been a huge SKAStudio's fan after the release of the first dishwasher game, sense then iv played all of their games and they never disappoint, The game is top notch and well worth your money and the devs are awesome to talk too and get to knowPS james if you read this, new ZP2KX pls haha i'v been waiting so many years for a new one ^_^"
,Recommended,283640,24043105,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"What I didn't like is that my previous save got deleted in the process of finishing my first run so I couldn't go back and explore after finishing the game.Then I started NG+ only to find that I had lost all my abilities.Not a happy camper.First game I guess I screwed up all of the questlines by missing a key bit of dialogue or doing things out of order. I also completely missed one of the abilities that unlocks new areas.In the achievements the most rare ones are the questlines (even rarer than the first boss on the ship!), so for SKA's next game it would be a good idea for NPCs not to disappear if you haven't talked to them if you do things in your own order (would also solve times where people can miss key abilities like air dash), as the game is clearly designed to be done in any order with multiple areas which link together, branching paths, optional areas, etc.Also, because they've gone to the trouble of having different resists etc, when you take arcane damage it should show as arcane damage. Same as when you deal damage - the magic portion should be a different colour to signify the different elements - that way you can at least learn on your own instead of having to read the wiki for EVERY boss.Overall, I enjoyed the game. The art is bad but the theme and atmosphere are top notch and overall it works even if a lot of areas look similar and there is NO MAP :steamfacepalm:The controls are quite unresponsive which can be frustrating but I understand that this is the way the game is designed to punish you for bad decisions.Overall I enjoyed it and highly recommend it. It's designed to be frustrating so it definitely achieves it's goal."
,Recommended,283640,23043472,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Estus,Dark Salt
,Not Recommended,283640,31822622,Posted: 18 May,all,DasPizza,"This game tries to be like good 2D action RPG's but it is not.The menu feels clunky, the camera keeps bugging and the leveldesign is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.They essentially just thought about making the game ""hard"", not the enjoyable Dark Souls-like ""hard"", but the obnoxious ""hey, lets put 20 enemies in dark corners so the player gets stun-locked to his death"" hard.While the bosses are mostly very enjoyable, they're also pretty stupid sometimes. Some bosses just get impossible to expect moves in their 2nd and 3rd stages. They basically just added really quick attacks to the normal attacks to get cheap deaths out of the players.The artstyle and music is nice though"
,Recommended,283640,31854066,Posted: 19 May,all,SamDavidMurray,This game is amazing!
76561198085101720,Recommended,283640,27874279,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Seia,"I don't play many 2D platformers, but I do play this one. It's amazingly fun, lot's of customization and can be wonderfully infuriating."
76561197972028676,Recommended,283640,33258994,Posted: 4 July,all,Loves Kittens,fun
76561198050100022,Recommended,283640,35253223,Posted: 27 September,all,milenko569,Awsome game! If you love dark souls you will love this game. A bit of practice and some hard grit and you will win. Story istn much there but gameplay is great. Watch for some drop inputs but doesnt happen much. Good luck!
,Recommended,283640,23055543,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Fudo Myo,You can play as a cook and wack skeleton fools with a frying pan. Dark Souls never had _that_.
,Recommended,283640,23094189,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,zeebo30,Died trying to figure out how to make an elevator move. 10/10
,Recommended,283640,24264772,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,Praise the salt.
,Recommended,283640,23050360,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shadowskills,I am a fish. I like being a fish.
76561198168048510,Recommended,283640,23101031,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,late gamer,praise the dark
76561198088329927,Recommended,283640,23058533,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ivan_Bootes,Dark Souls in 2D.  Nuff said.
76561198078447760,Recommended,283640,23714554,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Magic Shroom,PRAISE THE SU... wait no...PRAISE THE SALT!!
76561197969044883,Not Recommended,283640,24017855,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MightiestBeard,"Really enjoyed the first few areas, then got to Watching Woods and started falling through platforms. Not even the platforms that are supposed to break, though I fell through those prematurely as well, the static platforms' geometry sometimes ended before their texture resulting in me many times walking where I thought was safe then falling to my death.Persisted to Red Hall of Cages where I encountered really bad enemy hitboxes and an extremely spammy boss that was based around that bad platforming I just mentioned. At this point I also felt under-leveled despite being level 40 and having a level 5 weapon. Everything felt like it had an unfair advantage over me. Like they didn't have to follow the same rules I did.I recognize I am in the minorty in this thread so people are finding the good in it and that is great. I just wasn't having any fun playing it. I love a good challenge, I've put a lot of time into the Souls series, but they have always felt fair. S&S in my opinion does not."
76561198047218395,Not Recommended,283640,24156405,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,T.O.H,"Just wait for it to go on sale.Will eventually put up a decent review but at the current moment it stands as such:First 5-10 hours: Having a ton of fun etc. Despite cliche even if straight forward NPC'sRemaining hours: Jesus Christ so much platforming, and someone for the love of god teach that guitarist a new song. And also take in the magicalness that is Narwhal Unicorns 1-shotting you as no lie, I played ""Narwhals Narwhals swimming in the ocean."" on various occasions when I was impaled by one. And I only laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off because my mind broke after losing 45k salt to one of them.Help me."
76561198242174490,Recommended,283640,31768768,Posted: 15 May,all,Boyka,This game needs a fuXXXXx co-op online!!!!#*% multiplayer. One of the best games but multiplayer could make it rlly better
,Not Recommended,283640,26983040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kyrottimus,"Great concept and overall game layout and thanks for Linux client.  But it is plagued by poor, slow, unresponsive, clunky and awkward controls.  Really, this game should be turn-based.  I hate turn-based games...but it's certainly not twitch-based unless your twitches have the delay expectancy of a sea sponge.  Pass."
76561198055036520,Recommended,283640,23042931,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[Fmds]Finder82,I played the game with my ps4. Game was a great mix between 2d Dark soul style combat and Castlevania type exploration.
76561198010671262,Not Recommended,283640,34953582,Posted: 14 September,all,Mjlambert,"So this is my first review ever. I felt compelled to write this solely because of how frustrating certain things about this game are.Never in a game should you be gimped for playing 2 player. I understand beefing up enemies and stuff, but when playing 2 player completely and utterly breaks the game for that profile, the game is garbage.There are certain items in the game that Player 2 just cant get. Items to upgrade your gear. Yada Yada. I was semi-ok with that. I mean its stupid, but once youre that strong you can just progress through up until end game items in a matter of an hour or 2 really.What im not ok with is certain Key's to open doors to bosses that you have to down in order to progress in the game not being available AT ALL for the ""player 2"" profile. I went back through on solo mode and a key item. (A key) is completely unavailable to me. Meaning i cant fight bosses. I cant progress the game. Just stuck. For no reason. So my character cant upgrade his gear while playing as player 2, and cant progress in game playing as player 1. This. Is. Broken. And. ♥♥♥♥ing. Stupid.According to the wiki.http://saltandsanctuary.wiki.fextralife.com/Cellar+KeyYou have to play up until that point, get the key in solo mode, then go back and play as player 2 with a friend. ♥♥♥♥ that. And ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198084993222,Not Recommended,283640,30729615,Posted: 25 March,all,scummos,"I feel quite sorry that I dislike this game, but it's not fun to play to me. It is obvious that somebody put both effort and thought into this game, but unfortunately it still doesn't work.The game is just super frustrating to play. And actually I don't think difficulty is the reason for that: In general I enjoy difficult games. In Salt and Sanctuary, there are two mechanics which I find especially annoying:First, if you gain enough experience (""salt"") to reach the next level, you don't automatically gain that level, you have to go back to the last save point and click a button. If you die before doing that, your salt is lost (well you can get it back, but anyways). This wouldn't be so bad, but in addition, each time you enter the sanctuary, all enemies respawn.So I continously find myself in this situation: I beat a hard section of a level, killed the enemies, and got lots of salt. I can now either a) go back and claim my level -- and face the hard secion again immediately without doing anything wrong. Or I can b) continue playing, with a very significant risk of dying before reaching the next sanctuary, having to replay the hard section in addition to losing my level.Second, the savepoint are not actual savepoints, but respawn points; if you die, you don't load your last save, but instead you respawn, losing some gold, all your XP, and without getting the consumable items back you used since you last respawned. Thus, my character just gets weaker and less resourceful with each death, reducing my chances to beat whatever killed me before in the next attempt.This is just super frustrating. I think in a jump-and-run game like this where you are likely to die often, you need some ""retry"" mechanics which doesn't cost the player anything.If dying would just reset you to the state you were in when you last reached a sanctuary (including gold, XP, and items), and you would gain levels immediately after collecting the necessary XP (this should probably create a savepoint), I think this game would be much more fun to play, at least to me.Other than that, the sound effects are very nice, the atmosphere is good, and the fighting system is somewhat unique -- so I think there is potential. The keyboard controls feel way more clunky than I think they would need to, though."
,Not Recommended,283640,25232069,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TheCatGodd3ss,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game. It is fun, and all that jaz. But when your fighting a boss, and it's attacks do not do the same thing, or even close to the same thing, then the whole point of the game kinda falls apart. I am mostly referncing at the cyclops boss here. He has a jump attack, one of his attacks you are to roll behind, but 1/2 of the time he does it, he flies past me, easy to dodge. The other 1/2 he jumps at me, same attack, I can't roll past, and get a face full of axe.Like I said, it's a fun game, but it's a game of skill. The fact that I have to worry if I might roll past this time if I am lucky, or if I might not and end up dying, defets the full purpous of this game."
,Recommended,283640,32664825,Posted: 22 June,all,Fennec,5star
76561198085422810,Not Recommended,283640,31945195,Posted: 24 May,all,Hatebringer,"I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bored to see 1 shot enemies after level 50, i lost hundreds of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ salts couse of that.I like hard games but i dont like games that make the ""hard"" by stupidity.I deleted game couse of these moron things.Go play dark souls not this one."
76561198028562664,Not Recommended,283640,30756577,Posted: 26 March,all,Wedengart,"I really do like the Souls-series/games and thought ""Hey, why not give this a go""...oh boy was I in for a ""salty"" surprise...The beginning of this game was pretty neat and while I personally really DISLIKE the levelup-skilltree it was still kinda okay to navigate and get the proper skills I suppose?...The simple and single reason why I dislike this game and can not recommend it for (18bucks atleast) is that its leveldesign is INCREDIBLY BAD.I have been stuck in a fair share of games already, stuck as in not knowing where to go or what to do... but this game, this game takes the cake.I have had to run around for multiple hours(4) in order to find the next boss. That aside I have apparently skipped multiple times multiple bosses.At one point I was apparently 4 bosses and 7 safepoints ahead of where I was supposed to be...Aside from that the gameplay is nice.tl:drUse a guide to find the way and get this game for 18bucksDont want to use a guide? dont get this game."
76561198015631704,Not Recommended,283640,29475708,Posted: 24 January,all,AntonioMontegio,"It's an ok game, it plays fine - but it does not have the visual clarity of dark souls (co you end up dying often not because you didn't look, but because the game is just dark and ugly) neither the responsiveness."
,Recommended,283640,23045902,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr. Purple,"Not going to dive into much detail about the game nonetheless,  the best soulslike game out there yet, buy it if you've played and enjoyed souls games. You will like this"
76561197963683682,Recommended,283640,23048004,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zoltern,"Really good, worth more than the price they are charging. Instantly hooked."
76561198055216902,Recommended,283640,25195415,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Fatbeen,"A simply wonderful game with challenging encounters, a variety of weapons and spells, and perfect controls. The only flaw is the lazy story mostly shown through flavor text."
,Recommended,283640,23073337,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki,harder than dark souls 3...
76561198154595383,Recommended,283640,23180342,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,poetryofthedreams,"Sodden Knight - 4, Me- 0. So far I would say I'm pretty good at this time.G-rank Narga and tigrex were easier."
76561198118496779,Recommended,283640,26256802,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,snakejishi,A little Mr Souls that will spin your head :D
,Not Recommended,283640,23597537,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Frappy Wet,"Alright this is my 3rd attempt at writing a review, after calming down and thinking about my experience.Is the game good? Yes, i suppose, mechanically. Is it fun? No. Not at all - therefore i cannot recommend it. Whilst the art style is very pretty, polished to perfection, and the game is mechanically sound, it is not enjoyable. Here's a few reasons why[edit] just gonna preface this with the fact that, according to steam, I've played 241 hrs of dark souls 1, 431 hrs of ds2, 49 hrs of ds2: SotFS and 164 hrs of dark souls 3. (Thats 885 hrs of dark souls franchise). I've played a lot of dark souls games. I know how to learn patterns, find pathways, learn game mechanics myself etc etc. So I hope you can trust me when I make comparisons between this game and the souls franchise, and conclude that this game is not fun.PlatformingMany enemies stand on small platforms that require you to carefully jump, dodge and dash your way to them to kill them. However, many enemies have ranged attacks that stun or knock you back, leading you to fall to your inevitable death thanks to the 100s of insta-death distances. The general rule is, ""if you can't see it before you fall on it, you'll die when you hit it"". You see very little of what is above and below, meaning you will maybe survive 1 in 1000 falls, leading to very frustrating deaths. Furthermore, enemies with ranged attacks can be tricky to manouver around, and rolling in this game,copied fromsimilarly to dark souls, provides invulnerablilty for a short time but has a range longer than the vast majority of platforms - meaning you roll through the arrow and straight off the platform and down to your doom. This leaves timed jumps which are incredibly difficult or just sitting around with your shield up. Very boring and poorly thought outCombatBefore I get into anything else, let me rant about the injury system. When you take damage, your max health decreases. As far as i can tell, there is no cap on it - I once got to have my 'max' HP be less than about 40% of my health bar. Why? ♥♥♥♥ you, thats why. It can get particularly frustrating thanks to the fact that you can't level up HP. At least, not directly. It slowly increases with leveling, I believe, which means end-game characters are only slightly more tanky than your fresh-faced adventurer straight off the ship. As someone who likes to be a bit of a jack-of-all-trades, having the option to block, roll, tank a few hits, deal decent damage etc, this totally ruins my playstyle. You have to sepcialise very carefully into EITHER a glass cannon or brick wall that can't deal any damage, but even then your pitiful HP bar gets quickly reduced to being 1/2 despite your healing items, meaning only glass cannons are actually viable. The same system is also applied to stamina, but you can raise it through your stats so it isnt as much of a problem to me - losing 25% of 200 stamina is more managable that 25% of your base 100.Actually killing enemies once you reach them is a bit... unrewarding. a long-range weapon like a big♥♥♥♥♥sword, spear, hammer, mace, etc. (which is what you want) easily outranges most enemies, meaning you can poke and run. I chose a spear and it made for an easy game. On the topic of weapons; you need 2. One for strike damage, one for slash damage. Most bosses are extremely vulnerable to one and very resistant to the other, making for a slight annoyance if you are like me in dark souls and like to swap out weapons every now and again, keeping a few weapons at +6 or +7 , with no weapons all the way up to +10. This game is pretty much the same as dark souls, except the highest is +7 according to the wiki, but i think +6 is as far as I got. Talking of bosses...BossesBoring. All bosses are boring. Very boring. Almost as boring as this review. Boring, boring, boring. Why? Because blocking is the magic answer to 90% of all bosses. I literally beat 3 bosses in a row, blind, without taking damage thanks to a 100% block shield. Wow, nice design. On the off chance that the boss can't be blocked, rolling and stabbing the butt is equally effective, if a little more tricky thanks to the involvement of timing. There is 1 boss, the tree of men, which is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gimmick boss that I'm only mentioning because I hope you will look up a video of the fight to see how frustrating the boss is - insta-death pitfalls on either side, crumbling platforms and ill-telegraphed attacks / fire-spitting tubes and plenty of knockbackEnemiesThere are maybe 5 or 6 enemies types: flying, flying archers, walking dudes, walking archers, dogs and thats about it. I've described about 95% of the enemy varieties in that short list. There are few, if any, differences between each enemy within one of these types, and no tangible AI difference. All ground units mindlessly march towards you, swinging wildly, all flying units will charge at you in a figure of 8 pattern. Enemies rarely feel unique, and those that are unique are shamelessly copy-pasted into dozens of locations e.g. the flipping-samurai dudes with katanas that are kinda cool the first 7 or 8 times but get very boring the 30th or 40th time.CurrencyThere are 2 currencies. Why? I haven't the foggiest. One is useful - salt, which allows you to level up. The other is useless - gold, which you buy things with. You lose all salt when you die but you can recover it bloodborne-style by killing what killed you. They don't tell you that the enemy is buffed by your salt though, which means a learned way of dealing with them might not work e.g. there are various enemies that 1-shot you (even in full armour) but take 2 hits to kill, except with your salt they might take 3 or 4, meaning you die again because you weren't expecting to suddenly get grabbed and 1-shot from an enemy that should be dead. You lose a portion of your gold forever when you die - the cost of ""resurrection by a mysterious priest"". Not a big deal, frankly, because there is little worth buying. Healing items are unlocked through the skill tree (for some unknown reason) and certain upgrade materials can only be bought from certain vendors under certain conditions - its much easier to farm them / find them.SanctuariesWhat a ♥♥♥♥ing joke the system is. Put all your eggs in one basket is literally the only good way to do it. Spend your useless gold on a ♥♥♥♥-tonne of horns that let you travel to any sanctuary with a guide in it, and the guide will let you travel back to any other sanctuary. You then have 3 more slots for any NPCs of your choice - I would recommend blacksmith, alchemist and leader if you don't cast spells or a mage / cleric if you do use spells. Creeds slightly change what is available.CreedsThey are not explained at all, but unlike dark souls' covenants that maybe don't impact much, creeds can have huge consequences. You can join 1 of 3 at the start of the game, and there are 7 in total. Changing creeds gives you a sin, and unless you repent at a particular NPC (think cromwell the pardoner without the charm, easy-to-find location or other uses) then all NPCs from your previous creed attack you and you can't travel there. You can't rejoin that creed until you repent, and find a different sanctuary belonging to that creed. This can totally ♥♥♥♥ your game if you accidentaly change creed, die, and have all your sanctuaries turn hostile.Character levelingThis, too, is stupid. The web design serves little function, really, and is needlessly complex in my opinion. It also forbids flexibility, forcing you to spec into 1, maybe 2 weapon classes if you want good damage output. There is also no way to increase health... Yup.Oh and one last thing, I have only made it to the final boss, but haven't beaten it. It took me a little under 15 hrs to get there, so take what you will from that."
76561198102088124,Not Recommended,283640,33639514,Posted: 18 July,all,TheSillyPants,"Unresponsive controls, no map, even copied Dark Soul's terrible hit box. Not even a hard game, just annoying."
76561198130164086,Not Recommended,283640,33017709,Posted: 29 June,all,Ctrl+Alt+Vixx,"This is a fundamental misunderstanding of why Dark Souls was good, this game being a shameless derivative.This game has beatuiful enviroments (when you can see them) compelling if simple music and an interesting aesthetic design that lends itself well to the atmosphere and lore the game tries to set up.  However, this game is not at all balanced as an RPG, enemies don't follow the rules the player does, they can attack spam infinitely, stun locking you in the process while the player has to contend with sluggish controls, varying attack speed animations with the same weapon and a stamina meter that enemies do not have.  The most egregious of them arer the bosses, which in addition to all the previous issues can also spam attacks that the player cannot block or dodge effectively with the tools they were givenAdditionally the platforming in the game has major problems, you'll sometimes spend almost a whole minute trying to jump to a ledge due to the terrible edge detection in this game. add to that is wall detection just as bad (walljumping is aquired about a third of the wat through the game and is required for progression).I loved the studios previous works (The Dishwasher and DW: Vampire Smile)  but it's very clear they brought their experience  designing beat'em ups to Salt and Santcuary and that is not a good thing.  I really wanted to love this game but after the first few hours I get the same feeling as Dark Souls 2, every nuggest of enjoyment and satifaction is wrapped in an inordinate amount of frustration at how poorly much of this game is executed.Right, forgot to mention many of the platforming areas are blind jump trial an error, where error is death and teleporting far back to a recent sactuary."
76561198004646918,Not Recommended,283640,26051181,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Darlock,"Disclaimer - I am not a fan of platforming genre. Maybe people who really enjoy it would think of this game higher, than I do.I picked up Salt and Sanctuary because I'am a big fan of Dark Souls series. I think it will be more honest if I start with the things I liked about this game.And  to tell you the truth, it is almost everything.Fights, bosses, enemies, atmosphere.Everything is really captivating. On a level significantly higher than what you would expect from a non triple A game.Fighting system is a bit repetitve,and bosses begin to seem all the same after a few of them, but in which Souls-like game they are not?On the other hand, figthting is varied, offers you a lot of styles and meaningfull choices. Right my alley, I would say.Soundtrack is great. Also a bit repetitve, but still really enjoyable.Atmosphere - let's just say whis game would be a great succsessor to the Demon Souls atmosphere, although a bit more grim.Now, for a few negative sides of the game...There are generally two big issues that I feel ruined this game for me, and made ne unable to enjoy everything else.1) Many enemies are created without even a bit of thought about counterplay in them (namely, Horsemen, Angsty bones, Invisible guys  and many. many others)They are made to be annoying, not to be interesting or challenging.Their abilities are just not fun to play against. It's not that they are too hard quite contrary - they are just don't serve as learning experience or require special techniques to overcome. Wouldn't it be better to design enemies, whose abilities would be fun although challenging to counter?2) Platforming. Just...When I play this game, I always remember Prince of Persia, both Sands of time-warriors withtin, and 2D ones - 1 and 2.I think about those because many of the things that are bogging down this game are already fixed there.How many times did I fall to my death in Salt and Sanctuary because I just bounced off from platform, instead of grappling on it? How many times I fell through the elevator without any apparent reason? How many times I had to not even try going for the pitfall, hust because that ment that I would have to run back here from Sanctuary? Many.Too much for my liking. Why couldn't I just try this jump, and then turn back time (PoP or Braid style)? Why do I have problems with grabbing onto platform edges so much?Especial in Haggers cavern. A couple of times, I just had to stay on one place and jump there for a minute, trying and trying again to reach the edge of the platform just couble of inches from my head...Ultimately, for the main question of a platformer is how you deal with punishing players errors. Braid, Prince of Persia, Super Meat Boy - all these games were trying to minimise the impact, which single failed jump may have on your game overall, while also teaching you to play better. Is maximizing the punishment fro failed jump a good idea? Is running back from the sanctuary because of failed jump worth it? I don't know. Not for me, it seems.Dark souls souls-lost-on-death system is in my opinion doesn't play well with platforming.If you remember Iaito jump in DS1 or jump for Ostravas shield and sword in tower of Latria - take this, multiply it by ten hundred, and throw it, distibuted evenely, in the game. This is Salt and sanctuary in the nut shell.Also this is magnified by somewhat glitchy and unresponsive platforming, especially in the Hard Light brand parts.tl;dr Great game, buried under endless boring and infuriating platforming."
,Not Recommended,283640,33600206,Posted: 16 July,all,Dorchascath,"I played through this game on another account for around 20 hours.  I played with a friend and really enjoyed the game until it unexpectedly ended.  Now, the only way to play through the bosses we missed and unlock all the powers is to replay the game on NG+."
,Not Recommended,283640,28880978,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Youka,"I really wanted to like this game, but it doesn't let me.Already the start is really frustrating: the first optional boss shouldn't be possible to defeat for beginners and doesn't punish for losing, the story just continues, BUT the advantage of killing him is huge and he can't get fought again. So the player repeats and repeats and repeats creating a character, scrolling through the prolog and fighting his first enemies just to learn the one-and-only tactic to defeat the boss and has to hope that over this very long fight he doesn't make some strange jump which ruins all the effort with one-hit again.The first main boss isn't much less a fun-killer. In his second phase, sometimes he jumps over the whole arena, does his combo and doesn't let the player stand up again. One of the two currencies can't be much used until now, so the player just loses it without really a chance to save and invest it in sth. meaningful.The normal enemies aren't really a challenge, just hack&slay. But they can reduce the players life when they're still invincible (because of an animation) and hit you.Just looking in the wiki and after some own first experience it's clear there isn't much to customize. The game is more action than roleplay, most is straight-line, at least when somebody don't want to fail terribly.I can't understand all these positive reviews, it's more like souls-fanboys-hype. There's the usual problem with controls but additionally there're strange hitboxes, slight glitches and not really a story.This game has a good concept, nice graphics, fitting sounds, but lacking the finishing touch. In its current state there's sadly more of unavoidable annoyance than a learnable difficulty.EDIT:After playing through the whole game and many hours later (because i don't like to let things unfinished), my impression sadly didn't change as much as i expected. All these glitches where enemies just skipped some animations and started right in mid of the next attack, delayed jump & rolling actions leading to the most often happened reason for dying - falling somewhere down - and terrible balancing with some enemies just broken and others very easy brought me to the same conclusion as before: the developers missed important tasks at the end."
,Not Recommended,283640,31877774,Posted: 21 May,all,LoL WhAtS Up,"I am a huge Souls fan. Played and finished Demon's Souls, the Dark Souls series and Bloodborne, and when I saw a 2D souls like game it was a must buy for me. The beggining of the game was a lot of fun, but 5 hours in some enemies and design decision started to become extremely frustrating:-Enemies started behaving erraticaly: I learned in all Souls games to study enemy attacks, tells and breaches to attack them back, which almost every enemy I encountered so far I was able to defeat by studying them. The thing is, some enemies seem to behave in a random way, one example is the Axe Knight who has 2 consecutive swings that does sometimes track you, if you roll behind him, and sometimes doesn't which made me die quite a few times, one other inconsistencies is that he can stop his consecutive attacks and immediatelly start a new one.-Questionable design decisions:+not only this game has the punishing difficulty of Dark Souls, it also adds another element which is not the focus of Dark Souls: platforming. In later stages you will end up dying a lot because of falling, which is a huge pain because you lose all your currency, go back all the way to the last sanctuary and you have to deal again with tough enemies.+some enemies require you to have a certain item to be able to properly defeat them, like an invisible enemy that floats around you and can kill you in 2-3 hits, requiring you to drink a sight potion so you can see him (problem is, there is a huge chance you won't have the potion, and you are left attacking the air hoping that you will kill him).It's hard for me to write here everything that is frustrating about this game. I had a lot of rage-inducing moments playing the Souls series, of course, but this game just went too far. If I didn't spend all those 8 hours playing it I would refund it for sure. I feel like From Software is the only company truly capable of creating a difficult but fair game unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,283640,33418293,Posted: 9 July,all,fiduke27,"I've played about 25% of the game. It starts off promising, and feels like a really well done dark souls clone, but in 2D. I was really excited about this, even more so after I finally beat the first boss. Great stuff!Everything about the art, sound, character design, character progression, level design, weapon mechanics, etc. really ooze with awesomeness. It's almost impossible to believe this was all done by 2 people in only 2 years!But while bosses and enemies and nearly everything else about the game continue to excel, the game feels the need to become nothing more than a platformer. A platformer with chunky, sluggish controls. The sluggishness and chunkiness give the combat a lot of weight and make fights feel great. But everything that makes the fighting feel great makes the platforming awful.Overall if you are fiending for a good dark souls type of game, and are ok with 2D, this is probably a great game for you. But you just have to ask yourself how much continual platforming, with stiff non responsive controls, are you ok with? If you don't mind stiff platforming, by all means get this game asap. You won't regret it.But for me, the platforming single handedly ruins what I'd call one of the best indie games I've ever played. I don't even want to stop playing, but after forcing myself repeatedly through jumping area after jumping area (missed jumps = death and loss of exp/money) but only to continue finding more and more jumping areas, I'm done.10/10 if you can ignore the jumping, or even like jumping in 2d platformers.3/10 if you don’t like dark souls difficulty extended to just jumping."
76561198014229568,Not Recommended,283640,23061808,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Aramakis,"This game tries really, REALLY hard to be Dark Souls. It has a lot of the same basic systems that the Souls series has. The game follows a lot of the same design decisions that the Souls games, but missed some opportunities to improve in areas. The game doesn't really tell you how anything works. You also basically have to commit to a build instead of really being able to experiment at all, since you have to spend your levels into a talent grid, similar to what you would find in Final Fantasy 10 or Path or Exile, and they tend to put different playstyles about as far away as they can from each other. You can refund some points, but you have to find items to do so, and there are only about 20 of them per playthrough so far as I am aware.Combat feels kind of slow and clunky.Rolling exists, but the hitboxes can be kind of weird. Also, there are different tiers of rolling, similar to the Souls series, where the closer you are to the encumbrance cap, the less effective rolling is. This makes wearing heavy armor and trying to roll expensive in terms of stat points, since you are going to have to heavily invest in your carrying capacity.Taking damage reduces your maximum health, so getting more potions isn't really effective, since by the time that you could use all of them your health will be at a point to where you will be killed in one hit anyway.Magic seems useful, but is somewhat inconvenient to use. There is no lock-on system, so casting it in any direction other than straight ahead is kind of fiddly. Casting spells also reduces your maximum stamina. You can recover this ""fatigue"" through the use of potions that you have to spec into.Melee has a limited combo system similar to what you would find in old beat-em-ups, you will do some different combos depending on what order you hain you heavy and light attacks in. There only seems to be about 5 different combos per weapon types however. There are currently 16 different weapon types, including staves and wands for casting spells, so there is a variety of weapons that you can use. Each weapon talent path also contains a couple of different types of weapons, such as spears, scythes, and poleaxes, so you have some room to switch between a couple of one type doesn't suit you.Parrying exists, but doesn't seem to serve much of a point. Most of the enemies that you would want to parry, including bosses, aren't parry-able. Most of the normal enemies I can kill in one hit, so no point in trying to parry them. At least the parry animations look cool.Bosses are fairly interesting. They aren't just larger versions of the normal enemies that you fight. Each one generally has a couple of attacks that it will use at the start of the fight. Once you get it to around half health however, it will pick up a new attack or two and start chaining its earlier attacks together. One of the larger problems with them though, is once they do hit the point where they start using new attacks, is that they start spamming them pretty much nonstop, not really leaving you with any room to get in any hits. Also, since most of the bosses are quite large, the character has some trouble trying to roll though attacks/models, and tends to roll in place and take a hit or two instead. Which you generally tend to die afterward, since the potions heal over time, and most of the boss attacks tend to be long, sweeping attacks and hit almost the entire arena.Overall it seems like they had a pretty good game, and then they added a lot of ""features” in order to make it ""challenging"", while instead all it does it make the game tedious to play. It doesn't feel difficult, it feels cheap. I don't really feel victorious after beating a boss, I feel like I managed to avoid getting cheesed.I really wanted to like the game, and maybe I will get to a point where I will start enjoying it more, but as it stands I would just rather be playing one of the Souls games."
,Recommended,283640,23046564,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Atomic,Salified satisfying halomancy and saliferous symmachy.
76561198200767302,Not Recommended,283640,32075932,Posted: 30 May,all,macpherson16,"game stopped working after two days after buying it and steam will not help. Says error has occured ""content locked"" tried everything and it still will not work.. waste of money"
76561198029880121,Recommended,283640,23053735,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Killtaro,And you thought Dark souls was tough... lol
,Recommended,283640,23092309,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TeeWin,10/10 would die again
76561197999836194,Not Recommended,283640,27261804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Retro,"Refunded the game after just around an hour, writing this more to warn my friends away from it, but you might benefit from it too.- Controls are unresponsive, to the point that this felt like a bad Newsgrounds flash game from 2001.- Dodge is a crapshoot. You're just as likely to roll into a boss's crotch and playfully tickle their junk as you are dodge through them. As a result victory or defeat feels entirely based on luck rather than skill.- Apparently Ska Studios thinks ""atmosphere"" means everything must be gray. Background? Gray. Foreground fog effect? Gray. Enemies? Gray. As you might imagine, this creates a problem beyond just looking washed out and boring; there are points where it is difficult to see enemies through all that gray.- Over-wrought skill tree. Almost as bad as Path of Exile.- No in-game explanation of stats, or at least none that I could discover. There's a difference between letting players figure things out on their own and abeing deliberately ambiguous. This game is on the wrong side of that line."
,Not Recommended,283640,23188382,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Pidorochev,"i really want to love this game but 2d dark souls was a bad idea. bosses spaming their attacks and has a really poor movesets, rolls works like piece of garbage sometimes u can't roll between legs of the boss and he start spaming their attacks at you, enemy AI is poor too, talent tree give access only for new type of armour/weapons/more healing potion it can't give access to something interresing, and music is really boring. verdict: better play dark soulsP.S: sorry for my bad english"
,Recommended,283640,23048465,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Firmino,Praise the salt!
,Recommended,283640,23043083,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,poisonsoup,The 2D souls.What are you waiting for?
76561198203535184,Not Recommended,283640,24401804,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,opticon81,"I love a good rouge-like, Salt and Sanctuary  IS NOT A GOOD ROUGE-LIKE.  This game is not ""difficult"", it is a ""pain in the♥♥♥♥♥""  There is a difference. The developers accomplished this by trying sooo hard to copy a formula that they killed what could've been a great side scrolling game. All the pretty visuals, metroidvania type gameplay, all the positive points about this game fall to the wayside thaks to its MASSIVE flaws. Like Grandma cutting a huge green fart in the chair next to you during thanksgiving diner. As great as everything couldve been, just one nasty old fart ruined it all.Only the animation is smooth in this game. Everything else (like the made-up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t language you have to decipher JUST to create your charicter) is like being dragged down a gravel on your bare naked♥♥♥♥♥ The menus never get an explination, no tutorial to help you decipher the word salad, no telling what you can and cant do. The developer is clearly malicious in their intent toward the player, Unless the player is a basement dwelling short♥♥♥♥♥♥turbo nerd that can somehow play a game that cant be paused while googling every little detail about that game as they go along.""But gee golly'"" you say looking at the creation menus ""It can only get better from here"".Wrong. They pooch it.All your told is what the controls are. Some games start you in a similar situation, but those game do a better job. You know what games i'm talking about, go play those. This game is tragic, there is so much potential here, too bad it's all hidden behind a needlessly convoluted and bloated leveling system, combat that get both frusting and stale at the same time.Weapons, you pick up a new weapon only to see how long youll be carrying it around, wishing you could use it. That wouldnt be too bad... if maybe there were a few more weapons to choose from. There are a bunch in the game, too bad youll only be able to use maybe four, and youll NEVER be happy with those four.For the love of god, go play Dark Souls, Demon Souls, Bloodborne, ANYTHING but Salt and Sanctuary. This game is masterpeice of failures. Breaks my heart just to look at it... knowing i cant get my money back. If you play this game long enough to see for certain that it is a pale imitation, Steam will say that you have played too long and will not give you a refund. I tried.  Just dont, its soooo disapointing.This game reaches for the brass ring... and pulls off a fingernail. it is just awful."
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,283640,33644430,Posted: 18 July,all,Ultimate Beta,">Enemy Winds up attack>Press dodge>Dodge roll through him>Enemy Winds up attack>Press Dodge>Stall in front of him, rolling on the spot>Get hit>Enemy Winds Up attack>Press Dodge>Doesnt do anything>Get hit as a result>Knockback>Hit again before I can recover>Deathokay. Now here is  the thing about being a souls-like. Your gameplay must be flawless and it must be extremely tight because being inconsistent and being difficult creates a very ♥♥♥♥ing fustrating game to say the least. Want to know why games like Bloodborne or just Dark Souls itself was so loved? Because nothing would ever take you by surprise after you had seen it, the mechanics were tight, responsive and consistent and never strayed from the path, once you saw a boss do an attack and you knew you could dodge it using a specific dodge area like dodging towards the weapon to get past it before it goes low. And then there is S&S where sometimes you can dodge roll through it and others you cant who knows? Sometimes a stun will be made invulnerable othertimes you get double tapped before you can respond.Lynch me for having less than an hour but if I can see those issues in the first hour then I doubt ill be having fun with this for the next 15 or so hours. Basically play Dark Souls and make a mod where there is a 20% chance of the dodge roll button not registering and tell me how fun the game is."
76561198025068811,Not Recommended,283640,25056172,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Alex,"This game works well enough but is an example of the repetitious tedium this sort of RPG is infamous for, where one must build up strength, willpower, magic skills, dexterity, etc.How long does one wash, rinse and repeat just to gain abilities that are not very apparent?I've grown tired of this game already since it offers nothing new in this genre."
,Not Recommended,283640,23263973,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Epsi,"I really enjoyed this game for awhile. Some spoilers ahead.Up until the 3rd brand was given out I really enjoyed the 'explore kill and kill bosses' nature of the game. After that it sort of becomes a 'now explore with puzzles and get lost and figure it out'. I get that the game is supposed to be difficult, hell I really enjoy that part of it. But let me fight the monsters, let me fight the bosses, don't make me fight convoluted puzzles and a map that requires backtracking (which doesn't explain when you need to do this). You just have to wander aimlessly to try and figure it out.This game was good, the combat is fun, the weapons are fun, the bosses are fun. The amount of running required in the later parts of the game were almost enough to get me to put down the game, and were enough to make me give a negative review.I was ranting and raving about how good this game was telling my friends to buy it, but now I'm telling them not to unless they want a strange progression which isn't explained anywhere."
76561197993178309,Not Recommended,283640,23285544,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,PhoNomenal,"Pros:- Nice translation of a souls game to 2DCons:- unresponsive controls (button mashing, i hate button mashing)- hitboxes seem off- game inconsistency (i.e. I can stagger using greatsword weak attack, but strong attack doesn't stagger?)- no wake-up action (can't roll/block as soon as you get up, which means enemies can attack or grab you constantly)- too many level interconnections (the levels don't flow together so tracking where you are and where you want to go is confusing)- spindlebeast (not even a boss, just an excuse to ruin the flow of the game. bad idea from the devs)Reached lvl 93, then just got tired of the unfairness and stiff controls. I've played and beat Darksouls 1-3 and Bloodborne and whenever I died I knew it was my fault. When dying in S&S, I know it's the games fault."
,Recommended,283640,28477276,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rick,Acceptable!
,Not Recommended,283640,33798443,Posted: 25 July,all,RaveLordNito,Pretty fun game for the about 12 minutes i got to play it before it crashed and deleted it's own executable
,Recommended,283640,30066204,Posted: 20 February,all,Fenrir,"Good game, more fun than DS3 it is really mind blowing how a game like this can be so much better than a Triple A game, the music and the setting is just amazing, they did a really good job connecting all the world around you with shortcuts and stuff navigating was never really a problem or over complicated.Some of the things people remember about DS series is the ""cheapness"" of some of it's areas but mostly bosses and yeah let's be honest there are many areas or bosses in DS series that are cheap as ♥♥♥♥... here in this game i can only say that the only ""cheap"" boss is the guy with the gun that shoots fire AND not even because if you wear the proper gear you can actually not be oneshoted by those (fire resistance) and this is something i LOVED about this game, if an enemy is using a type of attack that is destroying you, you wear something to reduce the damage, GEAR ♥♥♥♥ING MATTERS YAAAY!!! not like DS where most of the time was worthless specially DS3.The only thing i hated was the jumping, there was too much jumping puzzles and the most cancerious one is the Pitch Woods but whatever i mena i had to do it because i was mage and i wanted the creed to buy the equipment.Other thing that i didn't liked was the creed grind, to be honest i didn't even bothered, to get the most powerful spell i had to be like the highest level possible but the creed of Fire and whatever is too far into the game to be even eble to get drops from enemies for that creed and i was almost at the end of the game to bother to grind anything at all, i did got my most powerfull weapon for my ""class"" and i got all the best equipment for a mage build so my character was good i just missed the ""most powerful"" spell which supposedly destroys bosses even on NG+ but yeah, i don't care i mean my character was already a beast.Talking about magic i loved the balance mechanic and it made stuff really on point, one of the things i dislike about having a mana resource system is that you will SPAM always the most cost-efficient spell LIKE IN DS3 in which you end up spamming Great Heavy Soul Arrow most of the game and it's other itterations, you can't do that here unless you want to kill yourself so it serves to prevent this STUPID spam present in other games KUDOS for that thing because it made things interesting for me. And all the magics are creative and there is not just 1 ♥♥♥♥ing type of magic (proyectile) like in DS3 which most magic is a stupid homing ♥♥♥♥, nope, here magic is varied and you can use it more easily than in DS, here you can always use 3 spells at any given time, 2 that you set up in right and left clikc (if you are using a staff) and one that you can acces through your items menu and you can have many of this so it makes gameplay really varied in terms of magic.Aside from the jumping stuff i never really felt like i was being cheated by the game to lose or that the game was just trying to kill me for the lols something i hated about DS2 and 3 was the stupid ""ambushes"" omg ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic, every 3 steps something or someone was gonna ambuch and kill you out of nowhere... i mean, really?.DS series was ruined by the ""git gud"", ""DS is all about the difficulty"" community even pvp can be said that it ruined it.This game is really good and yeah i would recommend it."
76561198020144608,Recommended,283640,31849953,Posted: 19 May,all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198032998287,Recommended,283640,31871514,Posted: 20 May,all,PC,A game to destroy the north korens!
,Recommended,283640,23050341,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,鵺 Lord of Calamity,:steamsalty:
76561198048473831,Not Recommended,283640,23264039,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mooshie,"The main cons of this game:Performance: I don't know why, but in many of the areas, especially the darker ones for some reason, the game really stutters and runs worse than Dark Souls III does on my rig. There's no reason a 2D game should be running worse than an open world 3D one like DS III.Platforming: This is easily the weakest part of the game in my opinion. The platforming just is not fun in any way. Most of it is simply jumping from one platform to another and hoping your character does not decide to not grab the edge and fall to his death. I've probably died as much from falling to my death as I have from actually fighting enemies.Controls: This might have something to do with the performance drops, but the controls feel really sluggish in some fights. One of the most annoying things that happens is your character attacking in the wrong direction and hitting absolutely nothing. It seems like the attack button command takes priority over the move button command and instead of your character turning and then attacking if you press a direction and then press attack he will just attack and not turn at all.Rolling in boss fights also has a bit of a curve to it. Bosses are treated as solid objects in all the cases I have seen and you have to roll in order to get past them and dodge their attacks. Unfortunately, the roll range seems really odd and more often than not I end up rolling into a boss and going absolutely nowhere because I get stopped dead in front of the boss.If you can look past the control issues and grin through the platforming, then the game is pretty good. But, with all the Dark Souls clones that are either coming out or have already come out I think there are more polished games on the market that will give you more bang for your buck. This game has potential however and I'm looking forward to seeing if it gets more updates to polish out these problems or if they improve on the game in another installment."
,Not Recommended,283640,24054981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Silas Omega,"So imagine Dark Souls but in 2D. Problem is Dark Souls is hard to recreate in a 2D way. That's where this game falls short IMO. It tries too hard being something that it's not.This game is meh. It has a lot of similarities to Dark Souls in terms of mechanics, customization, and overall layout. Problem with it is the difficulty. Personally, I feel it is challenging but for the wrong reasons; it's cheap. Enemies can corner you easily and lock you in, there are traps and pitfalls EVERYWHERE that have no indication of being there unless you already knew they was there, and all in all, it just lacks that feeling of satisfaction you get from getting past a difficult part, it's more like, ""oh thank god I'm finally done with that♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.Keep in mind, I'm a huge fan of Dark Souls, and I review this game based off of the Dark Souls template. I think the game overall is decent, but it's difficulty supplement doesn't feel anywhere near as polished and rewarding as Dark Souls. It's trying too hard to be Dark Souls when it really isn't. If it were more of a Metroidvania game, I think it could be better."
76561198028319738,Not Recommended,283640,29449271,Posted: 23 January,all,carlwash,"Blatant unoriginal Dark Souls ripoff, and no where near as good. At first that was the selling point as I'm a huge fan of the Souls series (as well as Castlevania), but this is just a cheap imitation. The main problem for me with Salt and Sanctuary is that in the Dark Souls games you are faced with challenges that leave you dying over and over, but each of those deaths you feel like you've learned something, so that the next time you approach the situation you can act differently; in Salt and Sanctuary you die over and over from poorly designed platforming areas and incredibly cheap buggy hitboxed enemies. Dark Souls provides you with a distinct sense of accomplishment when you've used all the things you've learned over your last 10 deaths to complete an area, whereas Salt and Sanctuay leaves with a feeling of ""wooooow I spammed the attack button and outcheesed the boss, now to enter the next area and fall into an invisible 100ft pit."" A joke of a game compared to the delicious subtle nuances in the Souls series, don't fall for the 2d Dark Souls appearance. Stick to the real deal if you want to play and intelligent action RPG and not a hack n slash fest that borders on a cell phone game. Don't let your love for the beautiful Dark Souls games sell you on this dirtbag ripoff, and don't fall for these positive fanboy reviews like I did."
,Recommended,283640,24630618,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Handsome Carson....it's true,>Be me>Use hammer size of small car>let's do this.exe>get's swatted like I'm a kid playing bball against Koby>Get's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and grinds for four hours>Realizes boss is weak to slash and fire damage>Gets ax size of bus>Destroys boss easily>Get's sad when I'm so over leveled I beat four bosses in the next two hours without dieing>Get's happy when I realize Old Greg Mighty BOOSH references>Get's excited when I notice Hal's Moving Castle References>Get's sad because I remembered Harambe>Uses Harambe anger to destroy more bosses11/10 Would get revenge for Harambe any day.
76561198123594863,Not Recommended,283640,24348744,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Necrolexicon,"Cool concept but not very fun. I really thought I'd enjoy this game, but it is quite hard and there is a lot to take in (classes, upgrades, vendors) that I just don't enjoy in this style of game. Here are my Pro's and Con's (which you may find are oppposite for you).Pro's:Lots of Classes to choose fromCustomisable charactersBossesCon's:Much moreDark SoulsthanMetroidvaniaDifficulty is quite highCharacter faces look unfitting to game worldWashed out Color Palette"
,Not Recommended,283640,23465507,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Brunn,"As cool as this game is, I didnt see myself getting into this game, I really liked the art style and game mechanics, but for me it felt a little bit too difficult even on the easiest difficulty, if your a fan of Dark Souls or anything like that, then its a game for you, but for me I didnt like it as much as I wanted to, fo a game like this it should be a wee bit cheaperanyway thats all from me"
,Not Recommended,283640,31431926,Posted: 28 April,all,ambidot,replicates the essence of gimmick bosses
,Recommended,283640,31754646,Posted: 14 May,all,Snake,Literally more fun and more inspired than Dark Souls 3.
76561198067477132,Not Recommended,283640,24701275,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Silence,"Incredibly poor level design, poor keyboard and mouse support, poor combat. Tries too much to be like Dark Souls without doing it right."
,Recommended,283640,23048558,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jet Jenkins,It's like Dark Souls 2 minus the disappointment.
76561198130944496,Recommended,283640,23046708,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ffffff,i loved this gameamazing :)
,Recommended,283640,23047102,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Relaxo,ye
,Not Recommended,283640,23471622,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dödskatten,"I bought this game soley because of the comparisons to Dark Souls. The Souls series ruined most other games for me, and left me craving a similar experience. So, I went into Salt & Salnctuary with high (admittedly, maybe too high) expectations. I was sorely disappointed. It certainly nails the atmosphere of the Souls games while creating and maintaining its own identity, but something just makes the experience uncomfortable, annoying even. I can't quite put my finger on it, but playing the game just isn't enjoyable to me. Two flaws I can identify, however, are the combat and stamina system. The combat is just bad. It feels clunky and unresponsive. Fighting often results in the character randomly facing the opposite direction for some reason, completely ruining the flow of the fight. Like Dark Souls, everything in Salt & Sanctuary is stamina based. Swinging your weapon, rolling, and blocking an attack all drains your stamina bar; even raising your shield makes your stamina recover more slowly. The problem arises from the fact that everything takes so much stamina. You will run out of stamina at least a couple of times in a fight, leaving you completely defenseless. Boss fights make this problem even more clear. The idea is that a boss goes into an attack sequence, you block and roll to avoid damage, and then you use the boss' brief period of inaction to retaliate. However, after blocking and dodging, you rarely have enough to stamina to attack and then safely get out of range.Both of these problems could be fixed (it's even possible that I'm simply not used to how this game works), but the aforementioned general lack of fun I experienced while playing the game means that I probably won't be returning to this title. If your a Souls fan, buy it on sale just to try it. I don't see it being worth the full price, though."
76561198086235840,Not Recommended,283640,33737267,Posted: 22 July,all,Seal Yaggington,"This game is not as good as everyone says it is (in my opinion). The enemy patterns are very simple, every enemy is either really easy or really hard, and your character looks like more of a monster than some of the enemies. I've only played through the first section, but I was not impressed. It's difficult, but I did not find it enjoyable. 4.5/10."
,Not Recommended,283640,32306678,Posted: 9 June,all,✪KNIGHT,This game try so hard to be difficult but the mechanics of this game suck♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,283640,23092046,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Wordy,good
76561198271949378,Not Recommended,283640,23299248,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,✠Captain Fapoon✠,"Pros:fun platforinggood level designunique way to get npc'slarge skill treedecent UIthe sanctuarys are interestingnpc's are uniqueTWO PLAYER! (offline)two player pvp (offline)Cons:Enemies are great at gankingan enemys bow, throwing weapons, and other ranged weaponry are much faster then the playersEnemies and bosses can spam attack like their fappingno online pvp, or online co-opKNOCKBACK IS OP AFspam attacksits really ♥♥♥♥ing to hard dodge, and shields are not very goodyou can only get passed enemys by jumping which is a bad idea, or rolling, so tanking is flawedthey tried too hard to mke the boss attacks hard to dodgethe hitbox is bs, for both players and enemiesthey made it where you have to read item descriptions for the story, like in dark souls. does anyone actually like that they have to play it muiltiple times to know wtf is happening? people don't like that in the movie sucker punch, so i guess its a no(largest con) if an boss/enemy does a jumping attack, and you move out of the way after they already jumped, they will change where they were going to land and A: stop mid air or B: go further which is bs. also, if an enemy aims to throw/shoot in one direction, and you move, they can defy all physics to hit you, and as said before, they can shoot/throw much faster then the player.most cons: combatmost pros: most are in dark souls and bloodborne"
,Not Recommended,283640,29233777,Posted: 13 January,all,Cervantes,The 2D aspect of it really cripples it - the movement isn't intuitive and feels clunky which is basically a death kneel for a  game that tries to be Dark Souls.
76561198037432941,Not Recommended,283640,31794541,Posted: 16 May,all,The Griever,"If you enjoy Lords of the Fallen, you'll probably enjoy this. You also might be interested in rolling around in flaming garbage; to each their own.Clunky and frustrating controls keep me from enjoying this game. I thought that I would enjoy the leveling system, but it makes the experience more frustrating because it gives the illusion of choice. The type of game it tries to mimic is obviously the Souls type, but where it faulters most is in it's combat and level design. In the Souls games you are presented with constant adversity and many traps designed to make you be more aware of your surroundings. Every trap I encountered in SaS was hidden off screen or blended perfectly into the environment so it became nothing more than a cheap way to drain my HP. Stats aren't explained, and the idea that I have to be a ""class"" to use certain weapons is obsurd. Combat is difficult for the sake of being difficult. It's not challenging, it's just hard to be hard. Enemies will jump around in ways you can't keep up with and by the time you can attack, all of your stamina is burned away because you rolled twice.I'm not new to games like this. I love playing challenging games, but I at least want them to be fair."
,Not Recommended,283640,31407275,Posted: 27 April,all,Zorginom,"This game tries to be a 2d souls game, and fails miserably. It's a total mess visually, with larger enemies overlapping with smaller ones and hiding them, enemies and attacks blending into the backgrounds, and very samey looking areas that make navigation way more of a pain than it needs to be. I also feel it controls rather poorly, especially with regards to the platforming. I can certainly understand why people like it, and I suppose it's an impressive (if rather short) game for a two person team, but a bad game is a bad game, regardless of the size of the team behind it."
76561198033668152,Not Recommended,283640,31634540,Posted: 8 May,all,Ultrazeen380,"played for 5 hours its fun but after getting stuck in a game with no puzzles.... for over an hour unable to find any paths to progess... iv come to the conclusion than 60%+ poeple would have needed to look online for a guideif your like me and absolutely hate looking online seeing 18 spoilers before you find that one comment saying oh yeah do ""this"" i suggest skipping this game coming from somone who loves the darksouls series who knows what having fun being lost feels like bruteforce searching has never failed me until now"
,Recommended,283640,23042813,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DeadlyKiŦŦen,2d Dark Souls - Get it whilst it's hot!
76561198352305445,Not Recommended,283640,28429687,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Andrew,"BROKEN UNDER MAC OS!The game is not playable under Mac OS.Ver 1.0.0.6Mouse doesn't click on menu/items/etc.Not in full screen, not in window mode.It is necessary to use space and navigate with TAB.Some menu are unaccessible, as they cannot be reached wit TAB.I asked for refund, Steam refused to refund.The argument was: you played more than 2 hours.But, I just realized that mouse was important ONLY after I could not navigate through skills tree."
,Not Recommended,283640,23273138,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mr Smeeb,"At the time of writing this, I have had a total of 6-7 hours in this game. 3-4 on PS4 and 3 on Steam. I honestly tried to like this game. As someone who has beaten Demon's Souls 6 times, Dark Souls 12 times, Dark Souls 2 4 times, and Dark Souls 3 4 times, I cannot find a reason to keep playing this homage to the genre. I have learned a great deal of patience playing the Souls series, in fact I consider myself a better person because of it, but I can not play this game for more than 30 minutes at a time without getting mad.Let's start with the positives, because there are some despite my initial paragraph. The game's platforming works well. The game has a fair bit of customization with its extensive sphere grid like skill tree. The weapons, for the most part, feel unique to each other and have weight and heft to them. The names of the zones are dark and brooding and I love em. While the humans look awkward, I do like the art style of the game. The music is dark and brooding, which is what you need for a game like this.Now....for the bad stuff. The stuff I just cannot tolerate or forgive. The first is the god awful hit boxes. So many times I will get hit by things that I really shouldn't have. There are also times when rolling into an enemy to get behind them doesn't work, resulting in you getting hit anyway. An example is when I was rolling into an enemy to get past them, and got swiped into the air (because the hit box on the weapon seemed to be the entire screen despite being behind the hilt of the weapon at the time) and launched me into the air, falling down a pit just to get juggled by another enemy who knocked me down another pit to my death. Totally unable to prevent it, something Dark Souls is known for giving you a chance to prevent. There are also the enemies. Each enemy has unavoidable attacks which is a no no for a game like this. It may be fair, and some people may tell me to get good, but it doesn't FEEL fair. In fact almost 100% of this game doesn't FEEL fair. Dark Souls at least feels fair, if I die I know why and how to prevent it next time. I feel like each enemy I fight is just more bull stacked on top of more bull. ""Ok let's make an enemy who is invisible, can grab you in the air and on the ground, his grabs are unavoidable, and he can jump at you from off screen. Oh and make it take 90% of the player's life too."" ""Ok let's make a slime that attacks before you get a chance to react, and make it gravitate towards the player so they cannot dodge it, it instantly poisons him, and let's make the boss of this area throw them out during the fight. Oh! Let's also make it so there are no iframes after being grabbed so it can happen again immediately. AND, make it so each consecutive grab worsens the poison until the player dies in 1 second. Seems fair.""Let's get down to the elephant in the room though. Even if the enemies are not being impossible, and I am making good progress without dying, the game is just simply not fun. It is not an engaging game. Maybe I have just played too much Dark Souls, but I do not think that is it. So at the time of writing this, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game. I wish I could, I wanted to like this game. I bought it twice. I gave it a solid 6 hours at least. I just cannot do it. I will continue to play the game, maybe something will spark my interest  and if that day comes I will update this, but I think I am going to go back to Dark Souls for now."
,Not Recommended,283640,33705273,Posted: 21 July,all,Arkan01d,Didn't git gud
76561198080448234,Not Recommended,283640,29512341,Posted: 26 January,all,Chris Aldalta,"A dissapointing game that leaves you lost in a maze without direction and encountering subpar bosses that are only a threat due to miniscule arenas, spam-happy attack patterns and are little fun to fight.I have not finished this game simply due to the fact that it is just not fun. Combat is more R1 spam than a Dark Souls 3 gank squad, and is so basic and slow it's more tedious than exciting. And talking about Dark Souls I think it's an insult to call this a Souls-Like game. Everything that made Dark Souls fun makes this game tedious.Only get as a gift or in a sale."
,Recommended,283640,23041287,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MundM,"I finished the game 3 times on ps4, and I'm probably the first who killed the first aka. tutorial boss on the pc version (brag brag, proof here :-)http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277347560846589173/946CF95EB7F09BE41ABC59366DA2F31937BF56DB/This is a must have, if you love 2d platforming games with combat focus, or if you are a Dark Souls fan and ever wanted to know how it would feel in 2d. This game is the best Souls-Like game that is not from FromSoft, but also brings a lot of original ideas with it!Buy it, asap!-awesome, hand-drawn graphics-brutal, tight, responsive combat system-secret areas-secret bosses-new game+-a ton of weapons-sorcery / miracles-huge skill tree-connected level design, shortcuts everywhere-challenging bossfights-chef as starting class-local 2 player coop with vs feature if you want to pvp-metroidvania level progression style-you can leave messages in a bottle for other people (like in Dark Souls)"
76561197971588861,Not Recommended,283640,23211031,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Dont Ker,"Like playing complete rip offs of better games? This homage (not a homage) to Dark Souls will test your skills as a gamer...well, only your paitence at jumping puzzles and un-ballanced enemies, weak level and character design.Lest break this down.Graphics: Bland desaturated souls wanna be; both in level look and HUD style. We all love the Souls series and thats why we wanted to play Salt & Sanctuary. Its just a shame that this game really has no style or direction much of its own. The characters are a pain to look at and the bosses apear to have been grabbed from someones lack luster doodles from 6th grade. Its a muddy confusing mess to look at.Gameplay: Excesive jumping in platformers are a lazy gameplay/time extending excuse. Theres nothing old school about the jumping in S&S. The platform traversing isnt there to get you around from point A to B etc. Its there to get in your way, or for the enemies to hit you off of. It would have been nice to need them to get around a labrynth like world. The bland layout will make you not give two salts about where you're going or what you're doing.I like the weapons and how they look while attacking. They feel right and the gore adds to that; something i wish the Souls series had. I wont review the items and secondary trinkets as i generally dont care for that kind of item/gameplay mechanic anyway. Fighting is neat to look at but you tend to get sick of it when you have to go get your salt due to some BS enemies you cant see or lame lazy boss fight that you cant dodge roll around.When you DO lose your salt you are kindly informed that you lost it FOREVER. That of course is on par with the Souls series, but this time its the above mentioned tripe thats takes your sou...er salt...away from you. When the game feels like its cheating you then punishing you for what its done; things get a little frustrating. Not only do you get the 'bad touch' from the game, you get charged for it too. You pay in gold to respawn back at the bondfi...er. sactuary. When you feel its not your fault you died, you feel like you got robbed. Pretending to be like those other difficult games without understanding why they're difficult but fun; doesnt make for a 'love of Souls games' game.What the game does add that is nice: The extra abilities like wall jumping or upside down gameplay etc. When the game tries to be different (character design aside) it shines.The whole time playing this game i just wanted to go play Souls instead. I admire the small team that made the game, and i like how far they've come. As a fantasy doodler myself, i like that the game is hand drawn. It's just sad that this game doesnt have much of its own design and style to be fresh. Trying to be a homage to that which we love, the game fails because its trying too hard."
,Not Recommended,283640,23404948,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,AlterAsc,"Good idea, bad implementation.Don't play if you like hitboxes to match what you see."
76561198050282517,Recommended,283640,25713981,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gintoki,"Fun game well made, but I cant use my ps4 controler on it which upsets me...because it is a game made for the ps4 and ps vita and yet a sony product doesn't work for the pc version."
,Not Recommended,283640,33825841,Posted: 27 July,all,vel,"A fairly large number of reputable antivirus programs detect the primary executable of Sant and Sancuary as a ransomware virus. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say it's a false positive that BitDefender, F-Secure, and GData all share along with 4 other anti-virus programs...https://www.virustotal.com/en/file/98c377732a40e2865ae980f70b68fcd4218956f47ec0799992597990b5ed71d3/analysis/1501138338/Please, fix this. Even if it is a false positive, it should be possible to tweak the executable or change DRM solutions to not trip all of these."
76561198151785151,Not Recommended,283640,24835460,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jeanhazama,Full controller support my♥♥♥♥♥ I cant use my ps4 controller.
76561198130950047,Not Recommended,283640,24069101,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Taizette,games okay but could be better u can get mobbed pretty easy in this game an cant do much especially against the boss if ur cornered they just spam attacks on u an u cant roll pass them or jump over them instead just block until they kill you pretty much was expecting a little dissapointed since its supposed to be a dark souls inspired game but illpass an just wait for the dark souls 3 dlc an play a different game in the meantime
76561198118565485,Not Recommended,283640,23429232,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Volk Swaggin,"If you love everything about the dark souls series (and all the pain and frustration that comes with it), you will love this. I wish I had researched it a little more.It is everything I hated about when I first blindly purchased dark souls when it came out. You die and you get penalized for it. Die again and all your hard work grinding for experience is lost forever. I HATE when games punish you like this. Like come on it is a freaking video game not a do or die job.Do your research if you are unfamiliar with dark souls. I am a fool for blindly buying this. It looked like a cool 2d castlevania style game. Its not."
,Not Recommended,283640,25486122,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,gut floral,"Fun, but using m+k controls respond poorly. Feel sluggish. Mouse clicking completely non-responsive for menus, an issue many months old. Can't enable mouse during gameplay -- have to quit and re-enable.Games like these are fun because the environments and enemies are challenging -- the primary challenge shouldn't come from buggy controls."
,Not Recommended,283640,34449277,Posted: 23 August,all,Shineek,"Im giving it a negative score, dont get me wrong the game is really well made and the story is interesting for a Dark Souls clone. But i spend almost 70 hours in this game and i just lost the save file, even with the game having now a steam cloud it seems it does not use it, cause its empty, Save file lost and no backup in steamcloud, nice work. This basically disqualifies any game."
76561197999866270,Not Recommended,283640,23227979,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Wykstromius,"The game has a dirty, grungy style that I thought would grow on me.  It did not.  Worse, it's trying WAY too hard to be 2D Dark Souls, to the point where it essentially rips off (I think borrow would stretch the word too far) several key Dark Souls mechanics.  The gameplay feels loose and unsatisfying mainly because it is trying to be 2D Dark Souls without the freedom of movement of Dark Souls.  I just cannot recommend this game."
76561198042406700,Not Recommended,283640,31711547,Posted: 12 May,all,NoScopes4Ganesh,"I can't recommend this game to anyone looking for a new ""Dark souls experience"" after playing the series through and through.The platforming mechanics will more often than not kill you, and if the platforming doesn't, an enemy will be sure to throw you to the depths of the area and kill you with fall damage.Enemies are not bound by the same rules that you are. They have no cooldowns on teleporting, they have no ""stamina bar"" to keep them from stunlocking you. The flying enemies will often fly off screen for minutes at a time, only to come back and kill you after you've forgotten about them.Enemies can also follow you into boss fights. The most prevalent of so, the disemboweled husk. The area is plagued with flying enemies, big enemies taht can throw you with their attacks, and teleporting skeletons.The enemies in each area are almost all the same. Small mobs that do no damage, flying enemies that use magic and can damn near one shot you, and then the big enemies that have huge attacks that can literally one shot you if you are too close to a ledge. oh and did I mention the occasional invisible enemies that will come out of hiding to literally grab attack spam and kill you?They can also see through doorways that you can't.This game is fun and unique in it's own way, but I can't recommend it. Solely for these reasons.1. Nothing feels polished. the platforming is aggravating, trying to jump to a higher ledge? one of two things will happen besides that. Your character wont jump and will instead walk off the ledge, or when you jump your left stick is just barely too low and the game thinks you wanna jump down through the platform you were standing on.2. The combat. Enemies sometimes just spawn out of thin air, or fly up through the floor because the camera barely let them on the screen. Quite a few enemies have a dodge/ teleport capability; and use it annoyingly so. For example, perfectly timed dodges 5-6 times in a row, a literal dozen teleports in a row, both of these will leave you chasing a single enemy for minutes at a time.3. The art style/ lighting. The characters look like they're from a newgrounds flash game, which is fine. But it's not my cup of tea. It lends more to the fact that this game just feels immature, and what doesnt help that at all is how dark every single (Except a couple) area is. (This makes the flying/teleporting/invisible enemies just so unnecessarily difficult)This game wants to be a ""souls-like"" and it is, but only because it has literal dark souls mechanics in it. the combat is more harsh and unforgiving than dark souls, so much so that its just infuriating. Dark souls struck a nice balance between Challenging combat and the skill required, Most areas if you were smart enough, you could do without any hassle, no matter what gear you had. Salt and Sanctuary seems to have focused more on ""look at how difficult this is! isn't it great?""This game comes off as immature and edgy. and because of that, I can't recommend this to anyone looking for a good souls like game. However if you want to tourture yourself and strain your eyes to see where you're going constantly, this game is just for you."
,Not Recommended,283640,33296769,Posted: 5 July,all,Duck Ry,MEANINGLESS SKILL TREEAWFUL HITRECOVER MECHANIC
76561197977649322,Not Recommended,283640,29201882,Posted: 12 January,all,Echoic,"It's a good game that is largely free of bugs!There really isn't any reason to recommend it, though.  2009's Demon's Souls would be far better in every way and cheaper (at time of writing) and it includes a washing list of other features including online multiplayer.  Your money and time is probably better spent there."
,Not Recommended,283640,29040777,Posted: 5 January,all,annoying kid,I'm wondering why this game has so many positive reviews.It's just a sort of grinding simulator where difficulty strictly depends on your level and gear.Do not waste your time.
,Not Recommended,283640,23298204,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"Worst ending since the Mad Max game. Poor controlling platforming disguised as ""difficulty"". A game so unbalanced I beat 7 of the end bosses the first time meeting them.  I agree this game is what would happen if Dark Souls and Symphony of the Night had a baby. But this is what would happen if they raised that baby as a fundamentalist christian. It would be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, like this game. Ever beat a game out of spite? Just to get your moneys worth? Cause that's the only reason I stuck through to the end of this crap. Still waiting for Ska Studios to put out a good game, instead of the janky hot messes they do release. And I have ZP2K9, Dishwaser: Dead Samurai, I made a game with zombies in it, zp2kx, dishwasher:vampire smile, and charlie murder. Great ideas. Janky as ♥♥♥♥ in the implementation."
76561198016392052,Not Recommended,283640,23446713,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Neil,The game looks great and mechanics are great. However it feels like they didn't make the game large enough. You'll run into a boss but won't be even close to defeating them. Instead you have to grind in a small area over and over until you level up enough to kill the bosses. Poorlevel design really. Doesn't quite deserve the metroid/vania tag. Almost but not quite there. 6.5/10
,Not Recommended,283640,23407458,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Disc-OH!,"No online co-op.Local co-op causes significant issues for the second character's playthroughs.No graphics settings.In true dark souls fashion the port was never meant for PC.  Unlike dark souls, the game didn't have a community patch to fix this within a week.It's a worse castlevania with no map.  Avoid."
,Not Recommended,283640,23091459,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Calcifer,"I like it, it reminds me of Dark Souls BUT!!!And it is a big but!2/3 of the time I feel like I died because the controls are not very responsive or because the enemy had some insane undodgeable cheap attack that they do over and over. It isn't challenging so much as infuriating and it feels cheap.I know they are trying to be dark souls, but DS isn't punishing, it's fair. You die because you didn't learn enough. This game you die because the enemies have insane attacks that cannot be dodged, blocked or interrupted, or the controls don't work properly and you drop through a platform and fall to your death when you were actually trying to jump.Needs work on the unresponsive controls, they really get on my nerves. Till it is tightened up it cannot be recommended despite the fact that I love the concept, and that its basically 2D dark souls."
76561197998098805,Not Recommended,283640,32739833,Posted: 24 June,all,./turtool,"A high pitch whining noise is occurring the entire game leading to migranes.The gameplay is so inconsistant and glitchy. Watching others play online shows completely different interractions in combat. HItboxes mismatching, getting stuck inside of enemies, and other frustrations make this nearly unplayable.The dialogue system is messed up and doesn't allow you to make more than a blind choice when presented with one. No information about what the choice is for."
,Not Recommended,283640,23510055,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Liquid Blight,"This is not to be compared to Dark Souls.This is a platformer with a broken stamina bar unnecessarily attached to it (Roll = 1/2 Stamina bar).Don't buy it if you came here because you heard that it's like DS, better buy a DS game you don't have."
76561198065106385,Not Recommended,283640,23576234,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,T3AR_HD,THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS! No offense to the creators but whoever thought that insane knockback and damage by enemies plus nothing but platforms and infinite pits WAS A ♥♥♥♥ING RETARD what were you thinking? If you're gonna make a clone of dark souls and symphony of the night and give it fall damage and unbalanced bosses you took the ♥♥♥♥♥est parts of both and put them together expecting my nostalgia boner to fix the ♥♥♥♥ign holes in your design.
76561198050541193,Not Recommended,283640,24005672,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Duktastic,"Proof why Dark Souls HAS to be 3D. There is no way you can get precise hitboxes in a sidescroller, which the very essence of Dark Souls. This game is broken."
76561198119501258,Not Recommended,283640,23107966,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Salvatration on Twitter,"Low ratings because it's a negative review, period.A 2D Souls game with some not great design choices. This game is not a roguelike or roguelite. It is a clearly Souls inspired game, even stated by the developer.GoodAnimations are satisfying.Visceral and fun combat.Nice atmosphere.BadEnemies can grab you from different planes and from across ledges, notably the beginning wolves.It has the DaS 2 equivalent of lifegems, making it a bit too easy to get health back.It's not clear how to tell if someone is an enemy or an NPC due to the art style. Not the most important thing, but it's annoying.The inventory isn't very clear on how weapons and shields work. You have two slots for either a weapon or a shield on either side of the inventory, but equiping a weapon on either side will only let you use one of those weapons if you're two handing.No obvious equip load indicator, so no way to know what's too heavy on sight, something Souls does right.No obvious armor or weapon stats, so no way to know what's good or bad on sight, something that, again, Souls does right.No normal enemy life bars, which is just a QOL thing, but still.The UI is just clunky and doesn't flow well.It's a more rough Souls, basically. I personally didn't like it, but hey, you might."
,Not Recommended,283640,29434364,Posted: 22 January,all,Kosher Bacon,♥♥♥♥
76561198086118787,Not Recommended,283640,23177680,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Jestrom,"I played this to the maximum 2 hours I was allowed before requesting a refund.My final verdict?  Meh 6/10.The looks and aesthetics are perfectly fine, it gives off the proper atmosphere and the background blends (though some areas flowing into others looks a tad odd).The animations and combat feel clunky though you can easily compensate and that alone doesn't take from the experience.Rolling in the game works fine, I had little difficulty rolling through blows even with fat rolling.The Salt is a direct rip off of Souls from Dark Souls, but its a proven mechanic and functions fine here alongside Gold.The sanctuary and levelling up system is interesting, I wish I could have explored it more though it seems to cripple adjusting builds.Only fought the Sodden Knight (first Boss) and he was a cake-walk so nothing to say there on Bosses besides block, stab, roll, jump repeat until half hp then block, roll, block, attack, jump repeat.Overall I like the game, so why downvote and request a refund?Combat in general.The enemies have very random patterns of attack which alone is not a big deal, but the game is prone to throwing a half-dozen of them at you at once making it difficult to approach the situation.They also benefit from infinite stamina and no way to properly deflect or hinder their attacks or movement rendering Shields virtually useless when they swing endlessly.Rolling is easy though futile if you are still in the enemies reach as they will turn on a Dime and continue thier frenzy without hesitation regardless of what combo they may have been in.Couldn't try magic but found no way of properly aiming with a Bow which I found rather disappointing.Lastly enemies with thier random attack patterns and endless frenzied swings will most assuredly stunlock and kill you if you are surrounded by any more than 2 at any time making groups a nightmare to handle.All in all it was a nice game and these are my first impressions with the mere 2 hours of playtime I was permitted.The game does not suffer from poor controlls, aesthetics, or level design.  In fact I found them stellar and well implemented.This game suffers from poor enemy design which cripples the entire experience."
76561198003693253,Not Recommended,283640,29132369,Posted: 8 January,all,XavierAzul,"I have played and beaten Darksouls 1,2 and 3 and I can honestly say the only thing this has in common with them is the UI and death penalties. I will give it another try but I already feel pretty bored with the game after the first boss. Graphically it looks like a flash game which isn't a good thing but it alteast controls fairly well. The design and layout of the first area is a pretty bland run of the mill 2d platormer level with some generic metal music in the backround which adds nothing to the overall vibe of the game. I want to like this game but its pretty bad when you are bored in the first 50 min  of this supposedly ""amazing 2d conversion of Dark Souls"". Buyer beware the user reviews are misleading...I will try to get a few hours further into the game and hopefully its get better but idk..I expected more..."
76561198045020690,Not Recommended,283640,33045193,Posted: 30 June,all,tomhmusic,"Uninstalled after 30 minutes. Maybe I'm not giving the game a fair chance, but I hate having my time wasted.Played through the first level (easy to the point of being boring), reached the end-of-level boss, and then instantly comboed to death by 4 undodgeable hits. Forced to start at the beginning of the super easy, boring level I just completed, with all of the enemies I killed respawned, and all the backdoors I opened shut and locked (why even have backdoors if you're going to do this?).I love challenging games, but this is not challenge -- it's a slog punctuated by punishing ""gotcha!"" moments. I'm not going to go through the same level I already beat a million times, trying to figure out the boss's patterns so I can finally move on. I'm just going to uninstall this and play something that's actually well-designed."
,Not Recommended,283640,26490308,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,vegan meth,If Dark Souls was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ indie game....
,Not Recommended,283640,23128217,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ReviewBrah,"I wanted to like this game so badly, but after not even 2 hours of playing I cannot go on for more.Enemies use cheap combos to kill you quickly, and will do it over and over and over againI died to a freaking blob because there was 2 of them spamming their jump attack that stuns and poisons me, and I couldn't do a damn thing about itThe atmosphere is cool and the music + combat is fun for the most part, but with the enemies and the cheap tatics I just can't recommend this game to any of my friends im sorryIf steam doesn't give me a refund I guess I could attempt to play it again but I highly doubt it"
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,283640,25965065,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ezoe,"It's sad this game had so much potential to be a good game, but isn't.Controls sucks.Attacking cancels any momentums.If you leaping forward and press the attack button, you immediately stop where you are and slash the sword.UI is really really bad.This game has tons of items so Inventory UI is important, right?As it tuens out, this game's Inventory UI is so bad I have no idea what am I equipping right now.I don't know what kind of effect my current equipments has.I can't easily compare two equipments to determine which is the better item.So, naturaly, I want to quit the game in less than half an hour.But I couldn't figure out how to propery quit the game!So I forcebly killed the process.This is ridiculously bad UI!I saw so many games with bad UI but nothing is worse than this.I hope the developer stop making games and use my payment money as a fund to start a completely new work which doesn't involve UI design, computer game or software development.The world will be a better place without this kind of game which looks fun but isn't."
,Not Recommended,283640,32713977,Posted: 23 June,all,CrackHead,"it doesn't control well, the game feels uninspired and boring, The sound is so bad and it takes you out of the experience, This game isn't anything like dark souls, it's not complex at all"
,Not Recommended,283640,23268087,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kono Dio Da,"Played through most of the game and enjoyed it got to pitchwoods where I was punished for my playstyle and uninstalled grats guys. If this was just some difficulty thing I wouldnt be upset having put hundreds of hours into each souls game and loving all of them, but having my playstyle be made useless over trash mobs is insulting and honestly makes the game unenjoyable. do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,283640,23161228,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,heretic,"Poor combat design doesn't make for a good challenge; it just makes for a bad game. Gaining inspiration from poor combat design makes an even worse game. I regret buying this.Pros:-World is sizable, fairly intricate, and the art is unique-Wide variety of gear-Good amount of classes-Majority of bosses are good, if not simple-Salt reclamation is an initially interesting ideaCons:-Enemy AI is laughable at best, refund-worthy at worst-Jumping and climbling onto ledges rarely works correctly-Player animations and the roll mechanic are poorly designed, leaving you vulnerable and being seconds too long-Music is far from bad, but gets old fast-Talent tree is a downright boring and pointless selection of base attributes and gear access"
,Not Recommended,283640,23152784,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Howling in the Dark,Before platforming part kick in (platforming is just terrible in this game) game was great.
,Not Recommended,283640,33818836,Posted: 26 July,all,spoons,eh
76561198026186319,Not Recommended,283640,26186361,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Forticus,"This game is beyond stupid, damn near impossible, things happen when even if you've played before you're not expecting them and you get one shotted.I hate everything about this game, the controls are crappy, the gameplay is fine, there is no set storyline and it's beyond difficult, it's unreasonably difficult."
,Not Recommended,283640,23054545,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,bamble,"I'm trying really hard to like this game. Was super excited about it, having watched a quick look of it and dug the overall feel of it. But, having got my hands on it I can't really recommend it.The controls are super clunky and unresponsive at best, to the point where it seems like a design choice in order to make the game more difficult. I was playing on a wireless 360 controller but even when I switched to mouse n keyboard it was still a major factor.There are big sections where a well timed jump is necessary and it often seems touch and go as to whether the game registers it or not. This goes for other controls like the roll as well.With it being a 2D environment, both of these are essential in defeating enemies but neither can be relied upon in a pinch. Thats not even factoring in the difficulty in actually memorising the (seemingly random) attack patterns of bosses and their ability to spin on a dime mid combo.I'm also finding the colour scheme difficult to look at for long periods of time. Even if I know a trap is somewhere I can still have difficulty locating it and feel like I'm constantly straining my eyes.Not really liking the general enemy design, especially the blob enemies. Their attacks seem cheap and too easy for the AI to land.I'm gonna persist with the game, and would probably give the game a ""maybe"" rating if I could. If you can, try a demo.. Wish I had"
,Not Recommended,283640,25296034,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bones,"this game doesn't work with a mouse at all, for a pc game that's a complete deal breaker for me. avoid this until they fix it or wait until it's 75% off"
,Not Recommended,283640,26393637,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tsar Butterfly,Like Dark Souls minus the good parts.
76561197994806254,Not Recommended,283640,23287559,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,haider.ismail,"If you are looking for a game that is a homage of Dark Sous, play Lords of the Fallen.This game is a rip off of Daek Souls. When I reached the last boss, and I see the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boss and the music reminisce of Gwyn battle complate with the piano and ochestral music, I uninstalled the game. Fighting Gwyn is much fairer than this final boss.At least Lords of the Fallen attempts to put its own spin on the Dark Souls formula. This is a copy and paste job."
76561197994339949,Not Recommended,283640,26275998,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,AquaChemist,"This game wants to be DarkSouls, it really tries hard.But falls so short in so many ways.I can appreciate difficulty in a game, even perceived difficulty can be appreciated once overcome.This game just fills my salt reservses and doesn't make me want to come back to it.I'd rather farm Lothric Castle for 24hr straight... and that doesn't yield much."
76561198047864195,Not Recommended,283640,23159992,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BigDickBazuso,"If you're looking for a challenge, for a real hard game that will test your skill and wit, that won't mess around and handhold you... you'll better look somewhere else, because THIS GAME isn't any of that. But if you're looking for an unfair neutered Dark Souls rip off in 2d where the developer decided that the only thing Dark Souls was missing was crappy platforming, then it's a game for you.This game tries so hard to be Dark Souls, yet fails on so many levels. Appearantly harder=better, yet they completely forgot about any pay off! In Dark Souls, enemies are mostly slow, yet they can eff you up quite easily if you let your guard down. Here, their normal swing is faster than your attack while two-handing a one handed weapon! Dodging is useless, because when you dodge-roll behind them, they immediately turn around to complete their combo and shove a sword up your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Enemies spawn in clear day light behind your back, ready to once again introduce your sphinchter to an unhealthy dose of hardened steel. But the biggest freaking gripe I have with this game is platforming. WHY!? Why did you think it was a good idea?Who needs good story? Throw it out the window! Let's add crumbling platforms! Our enemies are cheap and deaths are unfair! ♥♥♥♥ you, we're trying to be dark souls, so git gud, it's not the game that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's you who are unskilled.This game sucks and is not worth your money. Go save up for Dark Souls 3 instead.Upd: Attempted yet another playthrough of it. Nope. Still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gabage. Except I found another con - the bosses are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ They are bland and completely forgettable, and if they aren't pathetically easy, they're hard as balls because they depend solely on your damage output - you have to kill them before they flood the screen with their crap.What a waste of code this game is. Avoid it at all costs."
,Recommended,283640,23042675,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Guardian Mamoru,"A few minutes in and Cthulhu ♥♥♥♥♥-slaps me into the sea. 10 out of 10, would die again."
,Not Recommended,283640,23190538,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BOLT,Imagine a metroidvania game with Dark Souls controls and without a map. Well that's basically it.
76561198025526845,Not Recommended,283640,33219189,Posted: 4 July,all,random poo,this game is ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥ all the characters look like pepe the frog
,Not Recommended,283640,31794917,Posted: 16 May,all,hattvika,"Its 2d dark souls but it also includes all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that made dark souls annoying. Like where is the ♥♥♥♥ing map. in dark souls I at least  didnt need a map because all its areas didnt look the same. It just makes me want to go look♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a wiki and spoil myself. I got a stupid steam trading card that spoiled one of the bosses for me. Why is upgrading armor a thing? Did sombody really think ""Man you know what was really fun thing to do in dark souls, upgrading my elite knight gauntlets from plus 1 to plus 2."" Why does my dude struggle when i find a weapon i cant wield, what if i wanna see its moveset. That means i have to go to a wiki to look♥♥♥♥♥♥up and then acciendentally spoil myself. Same with the stupid questlines that are in these games. No duel wielding, bosses only do a couple of attacks, also no pause. No pausing was funny in dark souls, but in a 2d game with♥♥♥♥♥♥flying all over the place and a worse menu, pausing would be really COOL. thats not all, but whatever man. just play castlevania SOTN"
76561197965316549,Not Recommended,283640,25926955,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,So Awesome,Only difficult thing about this game is putting up with the horrible controls.  Refunded.
,Not Recommended,283640,29702061,Posted: 4 February,all,Ercenk,"extremely buggy... I died with 85k salt on me and since the salt was bugged and not at the spot where I died, I died again. This is an unforgivable mistake for me and a big waste of my precious time!  Uninstalled !"
76561198072557752,Not Recommended,283640,27597213,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,michney,Game was pretty average to start then I got bored dieing against the Sodden Knight. There are better games to play instead!
76561198052507912,Not Recommended,283640,34744051,Posted: 4 September,all,mtjonny,"If you enjoy slow, unresponsive movements and boring combat, this is the game for you.This game is terrible."
76561198315069874,Not Recommended,283640,34158870,Posted: 10 August,all,cat doc,too hard
,Not Recommended,283640,23184673,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NzO_Z,Recieved a Malware detection from my security and it took immediate action and removed the files. I have sent in the information to see what the issue is but it removed it from my pc on its own and it only does that to select dangerous files.
76561198060897854,Not Recommended,283640,23075551,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Da G Man,"I am not down voting this for being a Dark Souls rip off, im not down voting it because it's a bad game, I am down voting it because it is uplayable with the weapon reach every character in this game has (including your own) The reach is imaginary and much MUCH bigger than the weapon itself making it utterly impossible to know whether or not you will get hit and forces you to roll everytime you are attacked, this is hard considering you will spend alot of time attacking or jumping in a fight, you know, FIGHTING THE ENEMY YOU ARE FACING. Cant recommend this game with the broken weapon reach."
76561198007324150,Not Recommended,283640,23054749,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ap3741,Quick review:- sluggish controls- poor hitbox detection- no screen lock for multi-screen users.  You mouse will move onto another screen and jump to desktop at the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments.- cheap level design with unavoidable leap of faiths.  Why isn't there at least a peek around function.- boring repetitive attacksWait for sale.
76561198135370548,Not Recommended,283640,23153619,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,h2o_reyes,"Every aspect of this game is STOLEN from Dark Souls. Devs call it an homage, but it's just another Dark Souls-like rip off. The gameplay feels clunky(not in the Dark Souls way). Everything is familiar if you've played a Souls/bloodborne game, but with none of the polish. Crashes, bugs, poor enemy AI, terrible map layout, and poor boss design and execution plague this game. I wanted to like this game being a fan of the Souls/borne series, but I cannot recommend this game until many things are fixed.One more thing, this game has garbage platforming."
76561198113664169,Not Recommended,283640,29296304,Posted: 16 January,all,SADBOY,stupidest game i've play in my life
76561198073516494,Not Recommended,283640,23210139,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GiggleBaby,"Offical Salt and Sanctuary Review:""Hey look heh hah huh we can make a Dark Souls game too heh hah so good man its hard dude so good PUNSHING gameplay and really intimidating skill tree wow lookout beginners so good our game isnt for the faint of heart woah dude sick just like a Souls game but 2D woah dark gothic artstyle that honestly looks poorly done and woah lets make the areas look like a complete eye sore that appears to have had a 5 year old get a hold of a dull, gray piece of construction paper and scribble sharpie all over it heh hah thatll be PUNISHING woah"""
,Not Recommended,283640,23125051,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Divinity tentacled warrior,ADD MAP PLS!!!!
,Not Recommended,283640,25728331,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SickB,"Yet another Dark Souls wannabe which does not understand the difference between challenging and unfair.The game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off 1 hour in. It´s just a crap game overall, don´t buy."
,Not Recommended,283640,23109089,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,JetBoom,this game tries real hard to be something it will never be.
76561198044042425,Not Recommended,283640,31735577,Posted: 13 May,all,Morgade,"This is not worthy to be called ""Dark Souls 2D"". The controls are sloppy, the area run-of-the-mill and the combat boring. To be avoided."
76561197997771945,Not Recommended,283640,23073443,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CrimsonRose,"I love Dark souls but this game that tries to be it doesn't know how to do bosses right because more often then not they pull a ""you're dead"" combo that's nearly unavoidable making them more luck than anything."
76561198013533210,Not Recommended,283640,23077865,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Senders,"Hi, it seems I upset some very sensitive children with my last review, and was instructed by them to write more words.So let me start by saying, note to self, cannot write a negative review or children will harrass you on end for some unknown reason.Now about the game.If your in the mood for a sit back and have a few drinks game this isn't for you. The game while having some good elements, can be difficult if your not switched on. It can be unforgiving and frustrating at times if you want a fast pace revive and move on.To all the kids upset please forgive me, I hope I have not ruined your life."
,Not Recommended,283640,23058230,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Walker Devereaux,"A game that desperately wants to emulate the style of the Souls series without understanding what makes those games brilliant beyond the ""it's so hard"" schtick."
76561198275725812,Not Recommended,283640,23734209,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,cplord,dark souls did it better
,Not Recommended,283640,23113588,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Matchmaker,"It's 2D Dark Souls. That's a bad thing.I had hoped that it could grab me where DS failed, that it could have been an improvement on it. But it has the same infuriating problems DS has, and then some.In 2016 there shouldn't be any games that have checkpoints instead of saving freely unless the checkpoints are frequent enough. They are not in this game.In 2016, no game should be made without a pause function. This game has none. How does a game not have a pause function? What the actual f*ck? What, nothing I have to do, like answer a phone call or the door or someone on IM is more important than playing this game? F*ck that, man.As with DS, when I have literally any other game of the ones I play, why would I play this and get angry and waste time running to the same spots over and over when I can achieve SO much more in other games?"
,Not Recommended,283640,23092065,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ℝℯ⊻ℯℵℊ∄❤,Nope
,Not Recommended,283640,23055125,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SirBruceX,What a mess.
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,283640,23046020,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,HalfPint,Why did they make it not good when they could have made it a real good.
,Recommended,283640,30396420,Posted: 8 March,all,Fluffy_Assassins,"Disclaimer:  I've never actually played Dark Souls, so this is all new to me.  But I've seen videos of it.With that in mind:First of all, it's Dark Souls.  In 2D.  Just in case you didn't already know that.Now the big question is, ""will you die"".  Yes.  A lot.  It has the difficulty.The next question would be, does it feel right, and is there the right rhythm and fluidity there?Yes.  Both are done right.And then the art style:  The art is going to be different moving from 3D to 2D, of course.In this case, the colors are very washed out, intentionally I'm sure... but the detail is pretty substantial, particularly on characters, and the animation is filthy fluid/smooth thanks to the 2D skeletal animations.The heads of your character and NPC's are not right at all.  Which is quite a down-side.But it kind of works, in portraying this as *slightly* less dreadfully serious than Dark Souls.The music is splendid!  What music I've heard from it, while obviously not as varied, seems much better than Dark Souls.  A lot of rock.  I'm a sucker for rock.The bosses work in a similar way to Dark Souls, though limited to 2D.  They are tough but beatable.I recommend this game if:A)  you finished all of the Dark Souls games and want to try something else orB)  you are intimidated by Dark Souls, and feel a 2D version MIGHT be a way to SLIGHTLY soften the process of acclimating yourself to the actual Dark Souls games(that's me). or...C)  You like ""metroidvania"" style games.  This game actually works really well as one of those.For me, it was that second one... starting out a little tamer... but that's not really how it works.This game may have less dimensions than Dark Souls.  But I don't get the impression it's easier.And it is definitely.  not.  easy.Oh and I did not get this game for free.  It wasn't even on sale.  I spent months wanting it, had to have it, then finally paid full price, and no regrets.Got Dark Souls on sale, haven't touched it yet.  Go figure.And yes, I'm doing a video series on the game, just look up ""the humble hunter"" on youtube."
76561198067447504,Recommended,283640,30399172,Posted: 8 March,all,Sneaky Snake,"2Dark soulsGreat 2d dark souls like game,challenging and funand comes with controller support and coop"
76561197986196676,Recommended,283640,30402075,Posted: 8 March,all,EdgeCrusher,"This game is so awesome, one of the best side scroller games sever. 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,30419048,Posted: 9 March,all,Not Froge,"Hey, look, a Dark Souls-type game that doesn't suck. that's pretty suprising.The game has a number of flaws in it, but that hasn't stopped me from enjoying it thoroughly. Now the combat is supposed to be similar to the Souls series, but the Souls series has combat that works exceptionally well in a 3D environment, and when you put that kind of combat into a 2D game, it starts getting a bit hairy.The bosses have a few unfair bits about them, that i don't feel like getting into.Game runs well, it's fun, it's relatively extensive, and has local co-op.So if you want to play a Souls-like on a lower end machine, or you just want to try something different, then Salt and Sanctuary is the game for you."
76561198083274373,Recommended,283640,29530596,Posted: 27 January,all,dann.chris,"I Loved it, worth every nickle. I just wish they would make a DLC or a sequal for me to buy."
,Recommended,283640,29560040,Posted: 29 January,all,lunchZA,I'm stuck on 2 bosses that feel impossible to beat.This is exactly what I signed up for
76561198027205202,Recommended,283640,29536627,Posted: 28 January,all,keur de kuivre,it's gud
76561197970507039,Recommended,283640,30562826,Posted: 16 March,all,Dojial,Amazing! Just needs the online multiplayer and it'll be complete.
76561198044087373,Recommended,283640,30571741,Posted: 17 March,all,[WBW] Botched Attempt,"It's basically Dark Souls as a 2d sidescroller/metroidvania. If you like any one of those kinds of games, I highly recommend this game to you. Knowing that going in, I thought it would be trying too hard and that Dark Souls style combat and environments wouldn't work in 2d. And while there are a few things that take some getting used to (rolling to dodge in 2d being the main thing), it definitely works a lot better than I was expecting. If there's anything bad I can say about this game, it's that it's pretty short. My first playthrough of the game, I went in and finished it blind, and it took me a little over 12 hours, but honestly, that's almost exaclty the length I would expect for such a low price, and the game makes up for it with having very high replayability. The bosses are interesting and challenging, the atmosphere is dark and engaging, and the map is designed incredibly smoothly. This is absolutely a game worth checking out."
76561198001418405,Recommended,283640,30536482,Posted: 15 March,all,Maestro Russ,I've recently started playing this game and I like it a lot. It's a good challenge without it being overtly hard like most Souls-like games. The artwork lends a lot to the atmosphere of the game and I can't wait to get further into the game.
,Recommended,283640,30528400,Posted: 15 March,all,Whiskey,what a game got 2000 salt went to boss he becomes more broken as ♥♥♥♥ cuz he stole my♥♥♥♥♥♥and now i lost it all...edit: so all in all i got to 2nd boss the iron sword maiden weird ♥♥♥♥♥ who i just lost 4k sou-i mean salt to i can sayyes its alot easier than dark souls but having died 50 times i can say boy did i get my♥♥♥♥♥whoopedits not as satisfying as demons souls or dark souls where u get a near ♥♥♥♥♥♥ everytime u beat a boss but this game is like finally sneezing after not being able to for an hour or soso even tho at first i called it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and bad reviewed it now going back to it with a controller xbox360 i can say MUST PLAY even if u suck at dark souls i would recommend this as a first move towards trying those games and guys dont forget PRAISE THE SALT
76561198003570750,Recommended,283640,30530836,Posted: 15 March,all,Deadlock,"A 2D version of Dark Souls. It's one of those games that does not hold your hand. You'll die a lot, but you'll get stronger and wiser as you go.+ Challenging.+ Addictive.+ Mysterious.+ Great bossfights.+ Building your character is fun, leveling up hardly feels like a grind.If don't mind the 2D graphics and enjoy Souls-like RPGs, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,283640,30500122,Posted: 13 March,all,Smitten,A hybrid of Dark Souls and Castlevania 2 sidescroller. Absolutely amazing. Customize your character and build them to match your play style.
76561198146542631,Recommended,283640,30500344,Posted: 13 March,all,Krispy,"If you like using big swords and hammers, then this game is for you. If you like magic or faith or dex builds like the ones in the souls series, well look elsewhere because they are so underpowered its hilarious"
,Recommended,283640,30500720,Posted: 13 March,all,sarahmitchsm,"Great game worth $20 for sure, only a few issuse i had with this game one is the boss figths are either super easy mode or very unfair and rely alot on luck of missing there random combo atacks. Another issue is some of the save points are far away from the boss so having a hard boss fight takes a good 5 mins just to get a rematch. third the keyboard is way to clunky to play this game that requires split second reactions so a hand controller is  a must, trust me on this ive broken a mouse and lost a few keys befor i took out the controller. So If you dont mind dying over and over spending somtimes hours on repeat boss fight you will enjoy this game.I give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,283640,30452899,Posted: 11 March,all,Some Loser,idk man just a fun game though I didn't see much reason to play ng+ cause nothing really changes but still a fun game if you like Dark souls and 2d platformers
76561198060677939,Recommended,283640,30451961,Posted: 11 March,all,xAbyssXx,Such a great game dark soul in 2Di like it!
76561198057550719,Recommended,283640,30452214,Posted: 11 March,all,Matxo Bitxo,Castlevania + Dark Souls = Salt and SanctuaryThat is all.
76561198127177745,Recommended,283640,30701733,Posted: 24 March,all,XgTDopeJordan,"This game is like a mashup between dark souls and a 2D platformer as u can obviously see this♥♥♥♥♥♥is jsut as fun as dark souls with all the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that makes you wanna tear your hair out and destroy your system or PC that you are likely to see in a souls game, it is a must buy and I recommend it."
,Recommended,283640,30696042,Posted: 23 March,all,FreezeTime,Very good game! 500/1
76561198005116743,Recommended,283640,30740297,Posted: 25 March,all,Mike the Entertainer,This is a great game. The difficulty comes down once you get used to rolling.
76561198096462760,Recommended,283640,30744858,Posted: 26 March,all,BatStitch,one of the most fun and worth my money games in a long time this is a so want!
76561198155504118,Recommended,283640,30842463,Posted: 30 March,all,StormDrakon,"You know when you play a game and there are moments where it's so immersive, so intense, your brain implodes from all the awesome and sends shivers down your spine?This.This game.Salt and Sanctuary has the ability to do that in spades. Somewhere between the amazing boss battles (jumping about and slicing those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s down), the soundtrack (amazing), and the artistic world building I was always entertained while playing this game.This was actually the first 2D style game I've played that I literally could not put down. Ska Studios outdid themselves with this one, it is well worth the money.If intricate levels, well-designed fighting, lore, and occasionally yelling obscenities at your screen are what you like in a game, then buy this.If it's not...Still buy it.It may surprise you like it did for me. I went from “Eh, I’ll give this a go” to “This is the most fun I’ve had playing a game in ages” in the amount of time it took for the first boss to kick my♥♥♥♥♥(so like three seconds)."
76561197979217655,Recommended,283640,24030830,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Caopi,"2D Dark Souls meets Metroid. Done by a small indie team. A lot of love in the details, but of course not as polished as a AAA title. Still a great game. Don't buy if you're allergic to challenges or have no orientation at all."
,Recommended,283640,24654347,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DragynDance,"Error that makes the game unplayable.  Devs refuse to acknolwedge or fix the problem.  Many people purcahsed this game and never were ever to play it, or it worked just long enough to no longer be valid for a refund then stopped working.Edit: Latest patch finally addressed this problem.  Leaving the reason I originally wrote the review negative in the history."
,Recommended,283640,28597849,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,de_fault,"People say it's a side scrolling dark souls game, true but it does have unique mechanics that doesn't make it just a copy and paste. Bosses aren't that hard, maybe the first one because you still haven't gotten used to the controls, but the other bosses are fairly easy. The only things that I don't like is the amount of boring platforming and that the different creeds doesn't serve much purpose except for a different ending for each one"
76561198035686355,Recommended,283640,30833274,Posted: 30 March,all,Ricardo Senzo,Absolutely magnificent!
76561198142171647,Recommended,283640,30875052,Posted: 1 April,all,Dave,"The Game itself is good. No more to say, no more to compliment. I have unlocked all the achievements and I love it, cuz I'm a fan of Dark Souls. But there is one thing I have to remind all of you: this game does not support cloud save so back your save up if you want to play it on different computers."
76561198021129070,Recommended,283640,27104369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revan,Would be even more fun with multiplayer on PC
76561198004777586,Recommended,283640,27187720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stephen,This game is pretty good.
76561198114918407,Recommended,283640,27106803,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mureke,"Amazing visuals, deep story, lots of lore, hard to master, needs many replay times to get bored."
76561198039584322,Recommended,283640,27150207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shadowsoúl,"Metroidvania meets Dark Souls.Great Game, challengingNothing much more to say"
76561198019271081,Recommended,283640,27160691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ekaell,GREAT GAME!! If you love Dark Souls and want to have somehow the same feeling of those games then this is the way to go!
76561198209771989,Recommended,283640,30933214,Posted: 3 April,all,jose.jimbri,"Excelent game, love this mechanics, remember me Darksouls on 2d"
,Recommended,283640,27165394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShadowZero,"Salt & Sanctuary does a lot of things Dark Souls did right, with it's own unique twist.The 2D environment gave it it's own unique difficulty with the platforming traps.The skill system is, IMO, a much better system than DS's simple stat levelling, offering the ability to make a truly unique character for every playthrough. The fact that an average playthrough doesn't take that much time also helps with replayability.Overall a very fun romp and a very nice surprise from the indie scene. I really hope they make a sequel with more weapon variety."
76561198076197727,Recommended,283640,27185170,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,the Almighty Cockanut,Anything else but greatsword build is challenging
76561198011129511,Recommended,283640,27056141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,coffeeninja,Really nice game. Super awesome artwork and setting. Awesome exploration and combat too.Gets frustrating sometimes but is still super worth.
76561197995283651,Recommended,283640,27237229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rabaid Sidhe,"A 2D |Souls-Like| that proves Dark Souls is really a 3D metroidvania!Even if you're turned off by the constant ""It's like Dark Souls"" comments, this game is worth giving a go if you have any love for classic Metroid titles and/or Igavania games such as Sympony of the Night.And to all those that passed this by because it released too close to Dark Souls 3's launch day: Our Poise stat actually works."
,Recommended,283640,27267123,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pyrosage,"Alright, for anyone that's watched The Grumps play this, like I did, immediately though ""Hey, I can play Dark Souls with my friends? Sign me the f**k up!""No. It's so much better than that.I haven't actually play multiplayer, but here's my two cents worthPros:-Sound direction is gratifying-Diverse skillsets, encouraging multiple playthroughs-Enemies are all unique in their own way, making you think about how to approach them-A HUGE skilltree-Player upgrades beyond just equipment-Art direction-Boss encounters are epic battles, testing your wits and reflexes-Attention to detail on gore (blood splatter on walls, sword, etc)Cons:-It's so DARK visually (yes, that's the point, but it's led to more than a few times I thought there was a wall, there wasn't one and I fell to my death)-Music is minimal and forgettable-Multiple enemies have the potential to air juggle you, leading to some bulls**t deaths-Hit detection is weird for ledges, leading to akward platforming and more death via pitfalls-Grinding is basically manditory if you want to get past some areas and bosses due to either level or equipment limitations (a little nitpick, but a nitpick nonetheless)In the long run, if you're buying this game just for the multiplayer aspect, you're missing out. There's a lot more to this game than that."
,Recommended,283640,27136955,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moozgu,"I died.I died a lot.I died naked. I died in rags. I died fully armored and enchanted.Then I died some more.I killed some things along the way, defeated some bossess. Mostly died.It was frustrating. Vexing. Challenging. Captivating. Addicting.Above any norms of grading. Recommending. Recommending a lot."
76561198141784363,Recommended,283640,27134720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Everett,Pure souls-like style 2D platformer with infinite Re-Playah Billy Tea! combo. Satisfaction guarantee.
,Recommended,283640,26961991,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr VAC,"Well worth the money. This game is just so good, cant explain it, but if you like darksouls and the occasional 2d game, you will love it."
,Recommended,283640,26974062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mioure,"Salt and Sanctuary is a perfect recreation of an already perfect game. Similar to the Dark Souls games, S&S Takes a new direction in making is a Platformer with co-optional gameplay. My family and I had the time of our lives not only trying to survive, but seeing how many times the other could die in the dumbest ways. I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of more serious combat and unforgiving mechanics. It took hours to learn and clear a single boss in the later game. A game worth playing."
76561197966734976,Recommended,283640,26991636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xephim,"This game is a huge game that is more or less a 2D Dark Souls.  There are several options to dole out death available to the player, though it's best to specialize in maybe one or two combat types, since the option to respec requires a somewhat rare item."
,Recommended,283640,26991800,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nDy Ales,"This game is a perfect blend of metroid-like exploration, castlevania-like combat, and Old school NES difficulty.  Then to top it off it's all Coop.  An amazing game and I look forward to a sequel."
76561198126906351,Recommended,283640,26886826,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SewerPancake,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,283640,26240673,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,teriven verien lord of chaos,"this game is truly amazing, all this games needs is some darksouls esk invading and summoning system and this game will be my new favorit game good job renagade studios for making an almost completely different game from your last game (charlie murder for those who dont know) I would hope this game will game pvp and online coop. also i hope you make a sequal to this or maybe even some dlc. this game is worth the $17 and well more its hard [♥♥♥♥ THE FALSE JESTER!!!!!! >:( ] long story short this game is a action platformer and as both a lover of plateformers and beatem ups this game is great once again congrats renagade studios!"
,Recommended,283640,26061147,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,D'Neverend,"A 2D side-scrolling game, seems like an homage to the original Dark Souls.RPG, skill tree, level up, lots of weapon and armour variety.Upgrade your armour, weapons, sanctuary, faith.Sword and shield, mace, whip, spear, axe, 2 hand versions, wand, staff,only frustrating if you do not level up or upgrade/transmute your weapons and armour.New game+I bought this game on sale but would have paid full price.Excellent game!"
,Recommended,283640,26803234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,( i ) EL TOPO,"This game has everything.  It's essentially a challenging Metroidvania with a very unique art style and atmosphere. Don't walk into this unless you're either a Dark Souls master, or are prepared to be frustrated. I've died hundreds of times, and every single death I deserved."
76561198099410979,Recommended,283640,26785427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Radames,A nice twist on the Dark Souls formula.
,Recommended,283640,26782700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Book Wyrm,"went into this game expecting a 2d soulslike experience, instead i got the closest thing to satisfying my thirst for Igavania games since the bloodstained ritual of the night demoplayed it for an exorbitant amount on the ps4, clearing it multiple times each with 4 different characters/buildsif there's one thing that bothered me, it's that the magic system is not as deep as i hoped it would be. that didn't bother me as much since i by far prefer melee builds, but it was a slight letdown nontheless"
76561198115812513,Recommended,283640,26469322,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,King Skywhale,"It's very well designed and thought out. Obviously inspired by dark souls and bloodborne. The enemies are incredibly interesting and....dark, if you actually look at them before stabbing. A tree made of men is a little intimidating. The one thing I don't like to well is the platforming, and it's only really bad at one part. Most of the time it's irritating to have to navigate your way through an entire maze just to attempt a jump, and in some cases it can lead to insta-death making you have to walk ALL the way back from a church. The devs seem to know this though, so it's not terrible. The places you go through are very unique, and they reuse enemies very sparingly, so each area feels like another (dark) adventure. The bosses aren't like most bosses in other games where they are just another challenge. Each boss has a new way to entirely destroy you. One boss I fought decided to jump around and throw potions at me, setting the battlefield ablaze. Another decided to straight up shoot me. Basically, bosses vary. The weapons you use feel amazing and great, especially when you land a good hit. The loud *crunch* or *slice* through an enemy is incredibly satisfying. Plus, if you're like me and attack with a huge blade, you usually hit the enemy with a overkill. This causes the immediantly satisfying beheading of an enemy, as their head flys off and soars through the room. Plus, it's two player, couch play. You get a buddy and cut through enemies.In short, good game."
76561198076321320,Recommended,283640,26940067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,logan⇋HG⇌,"This is a very fun game thats like a 2d dark souls i really like the difficulty and design, the only complaint i have is the platforming can be a bit BS at times. over all great game"
76561198046383614,Recommended,283640,26812023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doc,"Salt & Sanctuary is a 2D game with a heavy inspiration drawn from the Dark Souls Franchise. Aesthetically it is pleasing to the eye, and first game I can remember where a torch is needed in dark rooms and areas.In terms of combat, some of the enemies can be cheesed (thank you two-handed sword) however each of the boss battles offer a varied (both merchanically and thematically) experience with a heat-up mechanic which spices it up. (read: kills you at double-speed than before, which will surely explain the ""Salt"" in the title)However, what I really find lacking in this game is a map: there are plenty of different areas to navigate through and without heavy map-drawing or using third party tools, it is kind of overwhelming especially if you are backtracking without the guide (an NPC which can help you teleport between bonfir... shrines)Overall, if you are intrigued by the genre or already a fan of it, I advise you to pick this game up as well."
76561197996332121,Recommended,283640,26812091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viscus.y.Gantt,"cool game, dark souls feeling with some nice new ideas. Also a great coop game!"
76561197994265983,Recommended,283640,26952910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McSwaggerVIII,Like Dark Souls meets metroidvania
76561197987914937,Recommended,283640,26924472,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phoemeister,"This game reminds me of Dark Souls, yet at the same time has it's own flavor. I think it is more forgiving though and the cooperative aspect is very good, which is not something you see on these types of games often. I played it through once with my wife and we hadn't had enough so we tried out new characters and played it all over once again right away. There is just something addicting about this game and the gameplay is excellent. All in all one of my favorite games."
76561198103350639,Recommended,283640,26953542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sunlight Scrub,"if you are wondering, there are i-frames on your dodge-rolls, so get gud!"
,Recommended,283640,26848598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SysOp,Dark souls 2D
76561197966730320,Recommended,283640,26892860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cje88,I have many many more hours logged on the PS4.  this is a great way to waste 5 minutes or 4 hours.great 2d dark souls dungeon crawler of sadness.
76561197996197055,Recommended,283640,26851161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rubyeyed,Dark Souls metroidvania.
,Recommended,283640,26947211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,scrumpydoodle,"Impressive design and scope for such a small team, though often fails to live up to the complexity of exploration in comparable metroidvanias and dark souls series."
76561197985791370,Recommended,283640,26861628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duo26,If you like Dark Souls and side scrollers this will be a game for you.Its better played in Coop but its only local and need internet play.
76561198065578772,Recommended,283640,25992098,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Meme Man™,"If you're looking for something to curb that Dark Souls-esque itch, you've found it. Challenging, solid mechanics, and amazing atmosphere.Everything you could ever want."
76561197972162586,Recommended,283640,25992453,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,revelage,"Great game.  Very challenging and not entirely intuitive at first.  Reminds me a bit of Castlevania SotN.  Music isn't as compelling, but the levelling, skill and item systems are really top notch.  The art style is great.Some exceedingly cheap stuff in the game, but hey, it wouldn't be like the old Castlevania games if it didn't have that right?*medusa heads*Play it with a controller.  It really favors that."
76561198067526661,Recommended,283640,26011848,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,martin.kania,"A challenging platform hack and slash rpg game inspired by dark souls. As the only survivor of a ship hijacking, you must journey through a mysterious island in order to find the princess you had been tasked to protect during your naval voyage.Salt and sanctuary offers a rich in lore world filled with tough enemies to tackle. Jump your way from platform to platform, discover secret doors, explore dark chasms, employ magic, prayers or many different types of weapons to take your enemies down. Develop your character by learning skills from the skill tree, mastering heavy armour and greatsword fighting, marksmanship employing primitive guns, crossbows or bows or mystical skills relating to magic or prayer. This way, you can customize your character completely to suit your individual style of play.And in line with typical ds games, be prepared to die, die and die some more;)"
76561197978853811,Recommended,283640,25957998,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ana Tw,"After Super Metroid any metroidvania game got me like this one. Also if you love Dark Souls and you love super metroid you are not gonna be able to stop playing this game... tons of weapons, builds, armors, bosses, possible challenges, runs... I can't not even explain how amazing this game is... Also if you check my playing time... don't trust my playing time... it's over 100h because I'm playing on PS4 always... I just got the pc version because the developers of the game deserve all the support. Two people made this awesome game.PD: Parrys are like Dark Souls 1.... ENJOY IT and BUY IT."
76561198136070968,Recommended,283640,25952217,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,brandon.brigance,"If ""Castlevania: Symphony of the Night"" was released in todays gaming climate, this is what you might get.  Remember how fun the NES used to be, delivering simple yet punishing games?  That is exactly what this game is.There is no denying this is a great game-  good lore, cool items, very challenging, outstanding atmosphere and graphics.  I do take slight issue with the controls.  It doesnt feel as responsive as it should, in a game where one false move can undo all the progress you have made over the past hour, the response should be butter smooth.  Not only will the badguy steal your ""salt"" if you fail to redeem yourself in the next encounter.  But also any weapons or bombs you use will not replenish when you respawn.  Very 'Souls like', but in souls you die because you messed up, not because the unresponsive controls have you swinging in the wrong direction.  I died more on the first S&S boss, than I did on any of the first DS bosses, for this reason.  I still love this game- the controls issue is nitpicking.  Salt & Sanctuary is a testiment to what gaming has become...  You can spend a small fortune for complete♥♥♥♥♥♥.. *cough* No Man's *cough* Sky *cough*, or spend $20 on an indie game of stellar calibur, like this one.  One of the best games I have played in a long time, regardless of price or hype."
,Recommended,283640,26007162,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TittySprinkles ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"An amazing diamond in the rough.You will die; you will also learn how to manage dodge rolls, long swords, ranged weapons, and aggroing to fit your needs.If you are a Souls fan, this is a no brainer while you wait for the expansions.If you aren't a Souls fan, or a fan of tougher games, you NEED to give this game a chance.Utterly amazed that I missed this when it first came out, and plan to explore every nook and cranny of this gem.10/10 Would Die Again to a Floortrap"
76561198026241871,Recommended,283640,26014679,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,✪ Apoc,"Awesome 9/10The game is great, although it tries hard to look like dark souls, there's some points that make it unique, such as the tree of skills and the sanctuary/creed system.I liked it!"
,Recommended,283640,25988433,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ginsan21,good combat + unique mechanics and bosses = fun souls game
76561198037531739,Recommended,283640,26076558,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Spencer,"This is one of my favourite games on Steam.  The game feels very polished, the art is well done, the style and visuals are interesting and engaging, the combat is super fun and you can build your character in many different ways depending on your preference.  The game also has some fun platforming elements and I really enjoyed the world design and metroidvania aspects of unlocking the different brands that allow you to access different areas of the game.  I have yet to try the local co-op but that sounds like a another great feature!Amazing work for a 2 person studio. If you like Dark Souls games then you will most likely love this game.  I really hope that they make another game like this...loved the 2D take on the souls genre!"
76561198052463354,Recommended,283640,26078281,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fëanor,"Only played a little, but seems like a good game, most of thenegative reviews center around difficulty, controls, and Dark Souls obsessions.The game is good, not great, but good, grim and dark, gorey and brutal. Combat is basic so far as you have your dodge roll, your heavy and light strikes and your block, spells are also a thing.Downsides are that some things do seem a little off in terms of balacing, example being hitboxes seem a little bigger than should be, rolls tend to just stop on top of an enemy instead of passing through (did this more than a few times on the Sodden knight boss where I stopped mid roll at his feet and got slammed backwards by the hit i was dodging).It's a niche game, heavily stylised and very....grey.Those complaining about it being ""garbage"" need to take off the 'Souls Specs' and realise that this is a video game, made purely to make money and has taken advantage of a market that has recently had a resurgence and a gap created by the release and completion of Dark Souls 3.Games you may enjoy if you enjoy this would be Necropolis and of course Dark Souls."
76561198062922439,Recommended,283640,30876282,Posted: 1 April,all,mattiaiannone,Great GameI played all Dark souls games and am a huge fan. This game is clearly a clone but with its own personality that make it shine.The main difference is that it is a 2D game. Tough even if not as unforgiving as DS. Very nice esthetics and gameply.If you like DS try it
76561198000766922,Recommended,283640,30885233,Posted: 1 April,all,Rectorrhagia,Great game that combines the mechanical difficulty of games like Dark Souls with the action platforming of games like Metroid. Great game all award that rewards patience and good execution. The visual style is beautiful and contributes strongly to the mysterious world that the game introduces you to. Played through the main campaign twice and am currently working my way through new game plus. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,283640,26186720,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ian Brandon Something,"This game is HARD! But you know what? It is a really good challenge.Salt and Sanctuary is a 2D action platformer RPG that many people compare to the Dark Souls trilogy. Just like with Dark Souls the game is really difficult yet still fair about it. You will die a lot in this game, but it will keep you coming back for more."
76561198000464258,Recommended,283640,26296087,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Duo34,"Thing                         |           Darksouls                                    |                Salt and SanctuaryLoosing xp on death |    Yes(can pick it up)                             |    Yes(can beat it out of monsters)Fall damage              |     Yes(not often)                                    |     Yes(all the god dam time)Safe spaces               |     Yes(all mostly the same)                  |     Yes(somewhat customizable)Memorable Bosses   |      Yes(O-rizzle and Smah)                    |     No (who the ♥♥♥♥ did I just kill?)Frustration                |I ♥♥♥♥ing blocked that!(not even close) |     I didn't fall from that high up!(Yes you did)Leveling                    |        Pick a stat, any stat                        |         Oh god what is this treeMultiplayer                |          Online only                                   |                          Local onlyNotable Messages    | Amazing chest ahead(anor londo)       |                 Try Dark Souls Three!Reccomended price  |    $35-45(not including DLC)                |                              $10-15(If you liked dark souls)"
,Recommended,283640,27541514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doctor Thrax,Reminded me why I got into Dark Souls in the first place.
76561198093440499,Recommended,283640,27496291,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shadowvolf22,2D Dark Souls enough said.
,Recommended,283640,27492762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Undernaut,Fantastic if you put in the timeAmazing couch co-op too
76561198079709958,Recommended,283640,27556022,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MuskeDunder,Really great game for couch Co-op with a friend!
,Recommended,283640,27537651,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Schmaples,...damn good and very impressive! Yes - the game is heavily influenced by the Dark Souls /  Castlevania series - which is a great combo of mechanics. Art direction is spot-on. Well done Devs!
,Recommended,283640,27463902,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Game & Scotch,"Awesome Metroidvania, but if you wan't a 2d-Dark Souls-clone, you'll be disappointed.The combat is is quite fine, the movement options you get throughout the game really makes you want to explore the whole world again.This game world is interconnected, even to the point some shortcuts are really not needed.What I don't like about this game is the design of the (N)PCs (bosses and monsters are totally fine), the music and the fonts used."
76561198039912497,Recommended,283640,30742998,Posted: 25 March,all,Doctor Plok,"A rather brilliant Metroidvania homage to Soulsborne.Sweet- Satisfying combat that rewards careful planning- Environments look wonderful and obviously a lot of effort has gone into the world design- Loads of enemy variety to keep things fresh throughout- Loads of great, memorable boss battles with some lovecraftian influences- Interesting character progression system that's flexibile enough to allow for some creative build design- Lots of playstyle variety with loads of magic to choose from as well as distinct melee and ranged weapon types- For the most part, the controls are fluid and responsive- Creed system adds a nice layer of personal world development and customisation- Great atmosphere and some interesting loreSalty- There's no inventory management and no external storage, so inventory becomes cluttered and unmanageable- Soundtrack is very limited which seems a bit of a diservice to the large environment, enemy and boss variety- Some enemies need some functionality changed. In particular theteleporting skeletonsare a bit ridiculous and just frustrate rather than challenge. I actually thought this was bugged at first.- An online multiplayer would have been niceApart from those few small annoyances I thoroughly enjoyed everything on offer and I'm impressed with the quality of the experience from such a small development team. I'd certainly absorb a sequel or a spiritual successor."
76561198091338358,Recommended,283640,27234060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,one of my favorite games
76561198003382923,Recommended,283640,30747480,Posted: 26 March,all,EggWving,The best game if you like Darksoul Style.very great skill tree for  your play styleit easy than darksoul if you have play darksoul befoream recommend this gameif you like dead again and again until you Strong than them
76561198084072423,Recommended,283640,30815403,Posted: 29 March,all,Jon la Jon,"Hands down... my personal ""Game of the Year 2016""Just recently came out on the PS Vita, therefore it is THE de facto, ""One and Only"" Dark Souls-like game on any handheld console.I wouldnt try to compare this to the Castlevania games because S&S has its own character, or more accurately it is pretty much a Metrovania game with Dark Souls action RPG gameplay.  So, If you like Dark Souls + Castlevania, then you will love Salt and Sanctuary.Likes:The overall world level design is pretty interesting.The background/zone level designs are all unique and creative making your journey around the island feel less dull and repeative when you grind for levels and loot for crafting.There are lots of short cuts to open,lots of zones to explore,lots of bosses to fight,a nice variety of routes to certain bosses and certain collecting of ""brands"" aka key character abilities like in Metroid,so like in the first Dark Souls game its not completely full on linear progression, but rather it's linear with multiple branches.Ofcourse there are what I would call, ""key PLOT bosses/zones"" that are significant enough where YOU HAVE TO BEAT in order to progress.Also the Boss names/designs are REALLY REALLY COOL, enough said on that, and ofcourse there is LORE descriptions in thier item drops.Also just like in Dark Souls you can CUSTOMIZE the balls out of your character, so enough can be said about that for sure.One thing of note, the very first great sword you find is BROKEN (OP'd) as Hell, which makes going through your first playthrough fairly do-able, especially if you use poison builds.The travel system is pretty conveinant just like in Dark Souls and depending how well you utilize the ""Make Offerings"" feature at your ""Sanctuaries/Shrines"" which are your  NPC merchants/crafters/covenenant specific uses.Well I could on and on about how much I like S&S but its TOO LONG TO LIST lolDislikes:Sadly, the character art design is kinda bad.  It looks kinda cheap/lazy, and character features looks like those animated characters of that electro punk band Gorillaz, except Gorillaz looks WAY better.  I think this game's character creator is probably the worst part of this game which was unfortunately a turn off to some people who look down on indie games like this.However I do feel the equipment you pick later on kinda makes up for it, like the Bloodbrow set which is obviously a nice inspriational nod to Bloodborne including an NPC you meet who wears the set, and gives you lore about the ""Bloodbrow Hunters"" fighting ""Beasts"" lolIt's pretty sick looking, and there are also other good looking equip sets you can find or grind from enemies like the Split Swordsman.Bottom line the inital character designs are terrible, but you can find equipment that does look cool on your character.And speaking of equipment, ugh....the Inventory menu is kind of a lazy jank♥♥♥♥♥mess.Don't be fooled upon first impression look of a ""Souls-like"" asethetic but whenever you pick up items/gear/weapons and etc. it is sorted in the order of what and when you picked up first.  THERE IS NO WAY TO ORGANIZE your inventory, except drop everything ONE BY ONE in the order you want it as.Yes, I know this is a very nit picky criticism but damn its annoying as hell for OCD guys like myself that wants my sets in a particularly place and order.As far as music, not a whole of lot variety, every boss has the same common boss music which is fine,  however this game did do the FINAL BOSS a huge justice by having its own unique music, even the map before the final boss has its own unique music which was really cool upen first visit.  And as you grind levels and loot through out the game you can occasionaly get those sick ambient heavy metal riffs which is something Dark Souls games doesnt have, so that is a nice touch.Last thing that I didnt like is some of the bullcrap platforming shenanigans in later levels like those platforms where they disappear after 2 3 seconds, and you have to time your self FOR EACH AND EVERY SINGLE disappearing platform, which was ANNOYING AS HELL,  and in some extreme places if you miss the platform YOU FALL TO YOUR DEATH.However I believe it was just one Zone where you had to deal with the bullcrap disappearing platform garbage, and it is beatable, not impossible but annoying as crap.Well that's my two cents, and I hope you guys enjoy this awesome game and for reading my insights, and ofcourse apologies to any spelling/grammar freaks for burning your OCD.  Cheers! :)"
76561197999583983,Recommended,283640,28634428,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Saberguns,If the makers of Form Software made a 2D dark souls this is what it would be.
,Recommended,283640,28333596,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,BONA FIDE POODLE LOVER,"Enjoyable and challenging 2D Metroidvania game.  It combines the aforementioned genre with several mechanics from the Dark Souls series, viz. combat, respawn, leveling.  While the game does have its own take on those mechanics, players of the Souls series will feel at home after a bit of adjustment.  The plot is basically throwaway - I got the impression that the developers wanted to emulate the deep, yet obfuscated style of Soulsborne lore and only succeeded in the latter.  I don't consider that a huge negative, as few people play these kinds of games to be deeply immersed in the plot.Likes- Decent build and weapon variety- Challenges/deaths rarely felt unfair or forced- Decent, varied bossfights- Combat system straight from SoulsborneDislikes- Art style could have used more variety- Dodging doesn't feel quite right- No way of navigating - a map would have been goodOverall, recommended if you like Souls games or Castlevania."
76561198114369578,Recommended,283640,24742036,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Dungeon Master,It is a great game that we can notice our character is becoming more and more powerful after countless death instead of killing our enemies easily. we can get a sense of achievement after defeat the boss. There are a variety of weapons for us to choose.
76561198036943999,Recommended,283640,28382953,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SamuraiJones,"This game caught my eye a while back, but I put off buying it for some time. I see metroidvania games and they're usually alright, but not that satisfying. Well this seems to be the exception. Best game I've played in months.The combat system is so close to Dark Souls that it'd be easier to list the differences than similarities, but it's not nearly as unforgiving as FROMSOFTWARE's series. And the map just keeps on going. I think this is the only game other than Symphony of Night where I felt like i was in danger of getting lost.Anyway, it's fun and not nearly as frustrating as the dark souls games. There's lots of weapons and spells, but not quite as many as dark souls. The bosses seem to be a little on the easy side too, although I haven't finished it yet so I might be saying that too soon. Still, best metroidvania I've played since the 90s."
76561198264857770,Recommended,283640,28290403,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TGunn1000,HOT DAMN It's fun and challenging
,Recommended,283640,28290126,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ARCHIVE LOVER,"A spectacular adaptation of Dark Souls to two dimensions. Captures every aspect that made DS great - the skillful combat, the oppressive atmosphere, the variety of playstyles, the rewarding exploration, the hidden lore. On top of all that, it adds platforming challenges to the mix. Well, Dark Souls had those too, but this time the controls are actually suited to them.The only flaw I found was uneven difficulty - it's easy to find a build so powerful that bosses become trivial about a third of the way through the game. If you end up breezing through it, definitely try New Game +, as the difficulty curve will catch up to you and give you a much better challenge."
76561198060953947,Recommended,283640,28327349,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Redman,"I do not often write reviews but this is one of the best games I have ever played,and I have been playing games for 30 years.It has got that magic something,that just one more go,huge variety in character combinations,leveling up and enemies.Its got secret doors and areas,magic,sword and shield with timing that matters and varies,a game you must concentrate on at all times.It has that diffilculty level that will have you swearing at the tv/monitor just often enough to have you punching the air in triumph when you are rewarded...AWESOME."
,Recommended,283640,28262939,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,YellowJacket,"Alright so solid 9/10 game here.It has some throwbacks to the ""Soulslike"" genre that seems to be picking up steam as of late. Can be quite difficult but rewarding. This game has a lot going for it and is incredibly polished, I've yet to encounter a gamebreaking bug or anything silly thus far.Pros:Difficult, yet rewardingMagic is useful as well as ranged combat (to the point FROM needs to take some damn notes)You can make a character as unique as can be via armors, weapon choice, gameplay styleIngame ""lorebook"" for enemies giving a bit of insight to the storyGreat OSTCons:What multiplayer?If you have some issues with platforming you will get madOverall, feels like someone took Ys series, Soulsborne series, and Paper Mario and smashed it all together and somehow DIDN'T screw it up.Also bonus points for having a few items and gear choices to literally allow me to play a pirate, or mage pirate, like character. Thanks, devs!"
,Recommended,283640,28157415,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ScrappyMarlin83,"spent some hours playing, this game is awsome. even though i spent some of those hours walking around not knowing where to go."
,Recommended,283640,28639301,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheGumpSquad,"Even though it's a little lacking in terms of creativity, the gameplay more than makes up for it! Some people may disagree, but I think the combat and platforming are well-done. Some traps can be a little annoying, but they're not a problem if you pay enough attention. The game provides a nice sense of satisfaction when you unlock a short-cut through the honeycomb tunnels that the map is made of. This is a fantasic game to play with a friend."
,Recommended,283640,28720249,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Laughing Man,I've only played a few hours but I'm in love with this game. I'm playing co-op with my girlfriend and it's so much fun
76561198087364678,Recommended,283640,28659034,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Schantzee,"I still haven't finished the game and I got it shortly after release.  It is a solid platformer with satisfying, yet difficult combat.  The length of the game is plenty and there is all sorts of secrets and loot to discover.  I had a hard time going back to this game because it came out the week before Dark Souls 3 and it just doesn't compare.  The co-op gameplay is really fun and was implemented quite well.If you like challenging platformers and skill-based combat systems, you will enjoy this game.  It is deceptively deep and feels more like a Castlevania title than a typical left-to-right side-scrolling experience.  There is a HUGE skill tree and lots of ways to customize your character/build.  I like my pumpkin helmet.I'm the type of Steam user that collects games but only finish my favorites.  It kind of feels like playing a Zelda game on a game boy after playing Twilight Princess, it's still a great experience but doesn't compare to similar AAA titles.  Since I plan to finish it someday soon, I think I would give it a 4/5."
76561198169745505,Recommended,283640,29267384,Posted: 15 January,all,Officer Action,"Though i only have six hours gamplay at the moment, this game is simply the best. The game is terribly hard and will have you crying in no time at all. but seriously this game is a must play if you enjoy dark souls."
,Recommended,283640,29231116,Posted: 13 January,all,k4el,One of the few games in recent memory that is clearly inspired by Dark Souls and deserves to be mentioned in the same breath. Salt and Sanctuary is steeped in reverence for Souls games and Castlevania. I bought it not only here on Steam but also on PSN. I've also gifted it to several people. Great game.
,Recommended,283640,29229649,Posted: 13 January,all,|TOM| Mægh†y-Muƒƒins©,"20 hours in, at the time of this review. Yep, there are a lot of comparisons to Dark Souls. Replace souls with salt, and it's basically the same mechanic.It's fair enough to say it is a Metroidvania Dark Souls. And this one did it amazingly. It's been a while since I've enjoyed a platformer of this nature.I put this one just below Symphony of the Night, in terms of 'Where did four hours just go? .... meh.... *tap* *tap* *tap*...There's an expansive skill tree, so few builds will feel exactly alike. Want a pole axe maniac mage? Have at it, Brochacho! You can do eet!The crafting system isn't terribly deep, but it's interesting. Bosses drop items which can be used to turn certain weapons into various stronger weapons. This can also be achieved with far more common items. It's neat.There's no actual pause. The only safe places are sanctuaries you must claim in the name of a number of idols which have their own benefits. You'll have to claim sanctuaries in their name and kill their enemies to improve these semi-customizable sanctuaries.You customize the sanctuaries by placing figures (cleric, fighter, leader, traveler, merchant, blacksmith, etc.) upon the altar of your chosen idol. The traveler in particular makes getting around the world easier, via an item he sells. Fast travel, gold is cheap!Another thing I love about this game is that you can farm all you want and get totally OP. But you can still easily die if you forget about the various ambush situations throughout the game. Try being level 80, repeatedly without cancel, getting smacked around by an unfortunately effective sneak attack.Now go back and git gud. Git u salt. Git rekd old man.Git this game."
76561198217386389,Recommended,283640,28493635,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dnkypunch,"Daaamn, super cool art syle and music.Die and die again/10"
76561197970960476,Recommended,283640,28564527,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Reaper,If you like 2d action RPG and dont mind dying this is a must have
76561198015566512,Recommended,283640,28558960,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NaNoz,Simply awesome.I'll just say that i'm having more fun in this game than in dark souls ;)
,Recommended,283640,28458042,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zig,"Perfect for the Dark Souls fan that loves side scrollers.  It stays very true to it's source with tight controls and ruthless combat.  I'll admit the story isn't as deep, but the gameplay is spot on."
76561198059879379,Recommended,283640,28435957,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GMO \[T]/ Quinn,"As you can see, I have spent quite some time in this game, and I would fully suggest it. When I wanted to buy it for a friend, I specifically waited for it to go off sale. I would rather give the devs the extra money then save it myself. I think that says enough."
76561198137309340,Recommended,283640,28450978,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Grimalkin,"Very fun and addictive game for Dark Soul veterans and casual gamers alike. The leveling system is very similar to the Sphere Grid of Final Fantasy X and allows some nice customization. This game has a few decent things going for it but the biggest issue with this game is balancing, Strength builds completely outclass dexterity builds in every single way. Don't bother going for a dagger build because you will be hacking away at trash mobs for 5+ hits when a two hander can destroy nearly everything in one or two hits. Magic was nerfed but still recks late game and New game+ and so on. Despite this the game is very much worth the price tag."
76561198126238003,Recommended,283640,28349036,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,axl1936,If you ever wanted to play any of the dark souls games but wanted the game to be 2-D well look no further then this game.
76561198157854448,Recommended,283640,30972894,Posted: 5 April,all,ww2goAce,I love the game its awsome how ever I have not bin able to play for more than 5 hours after buying the game. The reason for this is becouse my cpu crashed walist it was saving and the game broke I have tried many things to fix it but nothing has worked. I still love this game thow even if I was only able to play for 5 hour.
,Recommended,283640,28295883,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Marsus,Fun 2d discount dark souls .+local co-op-2nd player cant pick up top tier crafting materials
76561198010681732,Recommended,283640,28611396,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Stoned Fox,Absolutely recommended. I didn't know there could be an effective 2D platform version of Dark Souls... but here it is. This game freaks me out and I like it.
,Recommended,283640,28753401,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ninja Pipes X,Dark Souls meets 2D platformers. One of the most neglected games of 2016. Also the game is made by some awesome people (who are responsive on Twitter).
,Recommended,283640,28774651,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Scorpibro,"This is honestly one of my favorite games currently. Would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a new game to invest in.The only downside for me is there is no online co-op atm, just local. I don't know if they plan on adding it or not but I would definitely like to play this with some of my friends from other countries."
,Recommended,283640,28790040,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kamalkaf,"If you love Dark Souls series, you will love playing this game."
76561198012312412,Recommended,283640,28790901,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Destro9,if Demon Souls and Castlevania: SOTN had a baby...
,Recommended,283640,28837954,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theindiegeek,2D Dark Souls from the maker of The Dishwasher. Winning combination.
76561198021903868,Recommended,283640,28739253,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sythiel,"Basically a Castlevania + Dark Souls hybrid. Difficult, but mostly fair. If I had to put up a complaint, it would be that sometimes enemies can patrol off-screen or between areas, but still hit you while you have no real way to retaliate. It doesn't happen that often, though. There's a skill tree system, which allows you to develop your character how you please - it's very remniscent of Path of Exile, in that there are individual nodes that increase parameters, but you can reach another class' section of the tree if you so desired.The game will test your patience, so I recommend stepping away and coming back when you end up dying a lot. Definitely worth the buy, though."
,Recommended,283640,28810882,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sigot,"Were you dissapointed by Dark Souls 3? Still have an unquenched desire to die over and over? Do you enjoy a grand interconnected world, where every nook and crany is worth exploring? With the same stamina managment and enemy attack pattern memorization based combat you know and love. Lore hidden away behind rare npcs, merchant, item descriptions, scenery and lots of gaps in the story you have to fill in with your own speculation based on a few hints you might have found. Look no farther! 6x the fun at a 1/6th the price!"
,Recommended,283640,28784059,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,^6dickhead supreme,9/10 game. Some fine tuning to the platforming mechanics and the addition of online co-op is all it takes to make it a 10. Combat is amazing and precise with huge amounts of depth. Weapon variety is large for a small game. Plenty of replayability. Overall a great souls-like metroidvania crossover.
,Recommended,283640,28759025,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Swaggy B,Very fun 2D Dark Souls. If you like to ragequit a lot this game is for you!
,Recommended,283640,28805158,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr. Brannigan,"this game should be renamed ""how much gold can I lose from fall damage""all jokes aside though this game is fun and easy yet somehow difficult at the same time"
76561197960406015,Recommended,283640,31669386,Posted: 10 May,all,kinG<3Seaker,Dark souls in 2D. great game.
76561198006080609,Recommended,283640,31831813,Posted: 18 May,all,HOFF,Love the side scroller co-op.
,Recommended,283640,31838364,Posted: 19 May,all,Zldw,2D Dark Souls with a bit of metroidvania (you find brands which grant you various movement tricks).Highly recommended if you like Souls games.
76561198084361895,Recommended,283640,31881495,Posted: 21 May,all,Harry Kappa,"Salt and Sanctuary is a must for all soulborne lover out thereI'll list a few pros/cons according to my experiencesPros:+ Difficulties and stamina management of souls game+ Interconnected world with polished map design+ Skill tree is huge and allow experimental posibilities+ Bosses are manageable and fair to fight (although some of them dont)+ Limited interactable NPC but they are memorable+ Interesting transmute weapon system+ Lots of different weapons+Achievement hunting is manageable (unlike DS3 with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t convenant reward)Cons:- Lack of bosses soundtrack (apart from final boss)- Magics are too OP that made bosses a joke- Frustrating mobs that sent you flying all over the map- Too many type of crafting itemWorth every cent, even at full price. Once you play it, you wont regret it."
76561198050837505,Recommended,283640,31879186,Posted: 21 May,all,Simo Häyhä,"Few games catch my interest in these days. It's not like when you were kid and liked every game you played, because they were exciting as a child. But this is the one of the few games, i felt like i could play more then one time. So thats why i give this game 4,5 / 5.0 of score."
76561197985664028,Recommended,283640,31890770,Posted: 21 May,all,chepech,"I was really sceptical, as probably the vast majority of the veteran souls players...After probably 40 min of play, once I got over the character faces (which I still hate) I found myself playing a very interesting, stylized, grity, dark and complex game. Which I'm still loving.Mechanis care complex, combat feels rewarding, sound design is surprisingly good, and exploration (which was my main concern due to the ovbious 2d limitations) is very satisfying.Kudos to the Devs. Im probably goint to pick up the other 2 games they have released."
,Recommended,283640,31890992,Posted: 21 May,all,Noctus,"Admittedly, I was a little depressed when I heard they were putting the Dark Souls series to bed. Fortunately, this game hits all the right spots for any Souls fan, save that it's missing the online co-op and invasions."
,Recommended,283640,31892552,Posted: 21 May,all,costco,"massive overarching world, more so than the original dark souls. gave me a sense of exploration and achievement. each area is jam packed with stuff. the rolling and control sceme is hard to get used to, but after that you'll feel the game's more fair. also characters are written that makes some sort of sense, compared to dark souls (which doesn't say much, i admit), and theres alot of lore.overall, it's definetly worth the price and i recomend it"
76561198061794515,Recommended,283640,31887889,Posted: 21 May,all,Magaladon,♥♥♥♥ the third lamb
,Recommended,283640,31884229,Posted: 21 May,all,gfox,"Excelent game, hours of fun garanteed! Only missing online multiplayer tho."
76561198010662824,Recommended,283640,31818275,Posted: 18 May,all,Zumax,"One of the best metroidvania I've ever played. Excellent level design, excellent soundtrack, good difficulty, many skills, items and equipment. Amazing bosses.Must have for any metroidvania fans!"
,Recommended,283640,31819377,Posted: 18 May,all,Doktor Boney,"A very cautious reccomendation. The art isn't very good, it's got that edgy webcomic look that makes me cringe, the gameplay is just Dark Souls but less satisfying and dumbed down for 2D, and It's very bad at telling you where to go next, the wiki is a must. But at the end of the day it's still Dark Souls, only a little bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5/10"
76561198054954257,Recommended,283640,31816058,Posted: 17 May,all,hyperzh,"Got this game at ~$10, absolute steal. Any souls fan would enjoy it.Pros:1. Tons of content for a indie game. Easily over 15 hours playtime.2. Solid combat system.3. Good boss designs.4. Dark Souls 1 like map designCons:1. Need balance in terms of build and weapons. It is kind of disppointing to see that swords suck. Greatwords seem the default way to go. Some weapons are overpowered. There are also no good quality build.2. Map can get confusing.Anyway, very solid indie soul-like game. I have also played Hyberlight Drifter, which is also good, but this is better."
,Recommended,283640,31815676,Posted: 17 May,all,RetroNutcase,Sequel when?
,Recommended,283640,31815647,Posted: 17 May,all,Elnendil Taramon,"Good take on the ""souls"" genre and fixes some of the issues the souls games have, though it creates other problems.  A few things that stuck out to me:- Build diversity is fixed in that you can't be a ""havelmage"" or other goofy builds that were obviously unintended in souls games.- Less weapon selection, which allows more focus on said weapons.  Transmutations aren't inherently improvements, so there's good build variety in weapons.- Map is very expansive and exploratory, though I felt more easily lost than I did in souls games.  There were times I didn't know where to go next.- Dodging mechanics are finnicky.  The iframes are generally bad and throw you off if you're used to the iframes given to you in a souls game.- Certain enemies are flat out unfair (skeletons that teleport to you forever, and never fully form if you have your shield up, as an example), and can move themselves into a boss fight and make the fight worse.  Obviously not intended.- Magic is strong with possible feedback damage as an offset.  Magic spells aren't too flashy or interesting, but do their job.- No online mechanics, which hurts long term investment in the game.Overall I think its a good game and would put it up there along with other souls games.  Its certainly different, but has a good enough feel that would warrant replays."
,Recommended,283640,31829945,Posted: 18 May,all,Orca,"I didn't like Dark Souls because the combat was too slow and predictable to make backtracking fun. This game is blessedly faster, but you're still going to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in if you mindlessly mash the attack buttons, so it was just what I needed to enjoy this kind of game. Only bad things I can say about it are the character art for the player and human npcs is ugly, and there only seems to be one song for exploring and one song for bosses. For my $18 it was well worth it, I put 20 hours into my first character alone."
,Recommended,283640,31837576,Posted: 19 May,all,AFriendlyOnionBro,"I bought this game in the steam sale, looking for a small indie game to play in the holidays, and I have to say I think I'm in love. I've honestly not made this much fun playing a platformer since the sonic games on the mega drive, and it may be my favourite indie game ever.Goods-Amazing level design (on par with Hidetaka Miyazaki's level design)-Very unique magic system-Interesting level up system-Clever mechanics (in the form of brands)-Enjoyable platforming sections, that aren't forced upon you-Draws from the souls games, but remains unique-Non-linear progression (areas can be tackled in many different orders)-Enjoyable story if you look for it-Fun local co-opBads-Initially clunky gamepad controls (however these can be remapped)-A fair few glitches (I managed to make a boss fall through the floor, killing it instantly)-Large disparity in difficulty (difficulty leaps and dives between areas)-No Online MultiplayerOverall, I'm having great fun with this game, and strongly recomend it.(Also my relatiely small play time is due to the fact that the bul of my hours are spent co-oping on a friends PS4)"
76561198010134705,Recommended,283640,31830237,Posted: 18 May,all,Selva,"Half way between Symphony of the night and Blood Borne is Salt & Sanctuary.  I was going to say S.o t N. and Dark Souls but... S&S moves way faster than any of the Souls games I have played.  (Including Demon Souls.)  By the way, get a controller.  Way too many buttons for KB & mouse.  That having been said, KB & mouse does work well.  But the bosses are going to totally smear most people not using controllers.  Nearly brok a claw trying to roll dodge and get back to the smite fast enough on one boss.  Anyway... very well done.  Very addictive.  Level system remibds me of Final Fantasy X.  Platforming in 2D.  (I rarely like 3D platform stuff.  It just never worked for me.)  Good monsters.  Decent plot... okay not much of a plot.  Rescue the princess from the island of prepetual evil.  But this sort of game does not need much of a plot.  Game play is WAY more important.  Overall, I rather like this.  Four out of five claws up for this one.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,283640,31832552,Posted: 18 May,all,FaunMario,Nine Hours in I love this game. It has nice style and feel to it. It really is more then just a dark souls clone it has a story of it's own and a feel of its own its amazing. Yes you can tell that it got some things from dark souls. But It is its own game and you can tell the boss fights are fun and challenging and it has the same feel after losing to a boss 30 times and finally winning it feels so good.I recommend this game if you want it from the gameplay and unique 2-D style.
,Recommended,283640,31790536,Posted: 16 May,all,Crouton Ron,"If you like Dark Souls, you will love this. Basically a 2d version and it is really good."
,Recommended,283640,28742599,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shudderfly,"You'll enjoy this game a lot if you like Castlevania, and it's definitely worth a try if you like Dark Souls as well. This game takes the two franchises and creates something very special."
76561198022097570,Recommended,283640,28745766,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ninjite_shadow,"Really loving this game. I really like games that have this dark, gothic atmosphere. The world tends to constantly radiate an aura of dread and despair. It can be a bit difficult starting out if you aren't used to this type of game (its like the unholy child of Castlevania and Dark Souls) but its a really awesome game once you get the hang of it.Players can even leave bottled messages in the game for other people to find, warning them of dangers (enemy ambushes, traps, bosses) or to point them in the right direction. Gravestones are left behind where players recently died, breaking them shows their last moments giving you a chance to avoid sharing their fate.While I rarely post reviews for games, this one has been such edge-of-your-seat fun that I have to give this one a 10/10.        WARNING: This game may cause paranoia, rage, salty tears, and sudden fits of evil laughter."
,Recommended,283640,29137496,Posted: 9 January,all,kurisu,"I never tried the souls games before, but as a Metroidvania fan I had to check out a 2D souls game since I sincerely believe Metroidvania and LoZ were the basis and inspiration for the souls games, but enough history lesson. Man am I loving this game, it's gorgeous from beginning to end (especially the end), the combat and controls are so tight and smooth, and the audio is just mesmerizing (including the music). It has all the respawning enemies/backtracking elements from Metroidvania/Souls games so there's never a dull moment. Simply put this is a game heavy with atmosphere, exploration, tight combat, and very fun lore, there's a little bit of platforming as well if that's your thing. If you like Souls or/and Metroidvania you will love this. 10/10, can't recommend this game enough."
76561198104844740,Recommended,283640,31909914,Posted: 22 May,all,georgegeo95,"i accumulated too much salt from this, literally."
76561198063861163,Recommended,283640,31940568,Posted: 24 May,all,H8Laggers,Stellar game that was made by A husband and wife team!Great atmosphereTight controlsGood enemy varietyUnique bossesTons of sectet areasInterconnected mapMagic is a bit OP though
,Recommended,283640,31940319,Posted: 24 May,all,Duke,Think Dark Souls but a 2D sidescroller.
,Recommended,283640,31951400,Posted: 25 May,all,「DOOD」Samurai Tentacle Porn ®,"Good game, incredibly unbalanced when it comes to magic, lots of bugs the devs don't seem to care about fixing."
76561198029904609,Recommended,283640,31987862,Posted: 26 May,all,bear_storm,"A surprisingly technical, lush blend of soulslike and metroidvania elements, Salt and Sanctuary walks the narrowest line possible between several comfort-gaming genres. If S&S were food, it'd be a baked mac and cheese with bacon AND scallops AND a ritz cracker crust. It's crammed with good design, but not so much that the game elements start getting in each other's way.Salt and Sanctuary has the usual fare of a soulslike (rich atmosphere, learning through playing, open-ended character advancement, and fine attention to map design) and even feels like it follows the same game flow as Dark Souls (albeit translated to 2D). There are a few discreet (or not so discreet, as is the case with the Bloodborne hunter class that you can play right off the bat) nods to its predecessors as well as a few interesting innovations (collecting statues to populate your checkpoints with NPC vendors was surprisingly refreshing, as was navigating the Path of Exile-esque skill web), but otherwise the game feels almost too-close-to Dark Souls, to the point where the only difference of real substance is the setting.In Salt and Sanctuary, the player washes up on a mysterious island, having failed to save a princess from Dagon. The island is overrun with undead, deep ones, and other critters, but there are also some folks that have managed to cling to their humanity by having a clear purpose. Using what I can best describe as grungy watercolor, S&S paints a tapestry of fog, shadow, and not infrequently gore, overlaying it with ambient ocean noise and an ocasional but satisfying rock riff. There is more than a little horror massaged into the lore of the setting, and a lot of enemies and locations have a kind of grotesquerie to them that made me think of Darkest Dungeon's art style.I know other players have had issue with the difficulty of some of the bosses, but I haven't encountered any where the difficulty curve jumped from ""hard but fair"" to ""replacing my keyboard now."" Like Dark Souls, S&S lets you get in over your head and make mistakes and regret your life decisions, but it also doesn't hesitate to heap strategic options on you as well.If I had to make a complaint about the game, I would say that the platforming (which is frequent) feels a little butterfingers-y until you get used to it. Player faces also look kind of strange, almost like a child's scribbling compared with the richness of all the other art.Overall, I've been enjoying S&S quite a bit. The game length is fairly robust. The writing is engaging. Exploring each new zone is taxing and satisfying.If you're on the fence about this one, it'd be worth picking up for twenty dollars."
,Recommended,283640,31032070,Posted: 8 April,all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"I don't like Dark Souls, but I'm loving this game.I enjoy difficult games, which Dark Souls certainly is when starting out. What I don't like, is the neccesity of memorization. While exploring new areas I was able to improv on the spot to pull off some pretty cool stuff. I think the lack of the third dimension allows you to focus more on what's going on around you (as a beginner to both). The only thing that I dislike about this game is that there has already been a point that I've had to google where to go next after some pretty extreme exploration. The neccesity of a guide where to go next seems to be required."
76561198024845522,Recommended,283640,29979639,Posted: 17 February,all,Inviktys,"An amazing tribute to the Souls genre and a worthy addition to that pantheon.It understands the fundamentals that makes Dark Souls great and respects them.It also adds it's own twists, this isn't a ripoff or a clone but an inspired production+ Combat that blends deliberate stamina-based combat with combos and skills+ Freeform playstyle, switch easily between weapons and styles to suit your needs+ Nightmarish, interconnected world. Superbly done and easily comparable to any Metroid-vania+ Implicit storytelling reveals a deep and mysterious world, look up The Drowned Tome for lore explanation~Dodges can be a bit difficult to judge, and can result in some annoying deaths, but it isn't a major issue and you eventually get the hang of it."
,Recommended,283640,29441982,Posted: 23 January,all,Sprogvs,"I recommend this game.However, I personally find the character design HORRIBLE and especially the ""Hero"" that you create (ennemies are great) despite a great gameplay and spheric talent tree.I mean, they have a permanently dumb look on their face !! Is this an inspiration from a 'manga' or something filled with foolishness ? It doesn't fit with the world around, seriously...So, if you like Dark Souls and Metroid-like games with a Path Of Exile's inspired spheric talent tree, ignoring your hero's design looking dumb, go ahead and enjoy !"
76561198003019611,Recommended,283640,29439758,Posted: 23 January,all,Batt Momar,"Easily some of the best money I've spent in recent years. The slightly cartoony aesthetic grows on you over time. Sweet gameplay, challenging, good options for character progression. Plenty of replayability too and 2 player split-screen with 2 controllers. Jumping mechanics are a bit awkward and I've died a few times on some particularly dodgy jumping parts but easily a 9/10 game. Tl;dr 2d Dark souls"
,Recommended,283640,29306304,Posted: 16 January,all,Moss.CC,Amazing game! Looks like dark souls but has something special!
,Recommended,283640,29398521,Posted: 21 January,all,KING OF THE MOON,"A very well made game that is challenging and fun to play, but is held back by some of the ugliest visuals and animation that I have ever seen."
76561198042696963,Recommended,283640,29358287,Posted: 19 January,all,Armutszeugnis,"I have no idea how this game costs so few. I would pay a lot more for it, because it is a beautiful, dark and good designed game. If you like Dark Souls, then this is gold! You have challanging bosses and areas, hidden lore, a fantastic skill and weapon system and its totally replayable.If you dont pay attention, you miss so much in this game. There are covenants, optional bosses, NPC-Quests and serveral endings. Do yourself a favor and play this game!"
76561198143505312,Recommended,283640,29391444,Posted: 20 January,all,mikewardle,I love this game.
76561198116542657,Recommended,283640,29384170,Posted: 20 January,all,boonzaa,first review I have ever left. got beaten by some third lamb some 30 times in a row. loved it. dot.
,Recommended,283640,29434295,Posted: 22 January,all,khades,"This game is basically Metroidvania with elements of Dark souls-like games. And better character progression system.This game is better than Dark souls 3.Excellent level design and OH MY GOD excellent level shortcuts.I wish it had steam cloud save support.If you're Dark Souls Veteran - good luck relearning controls, that would be your first boss for 6 hours.8.5/10"
76561197992661813,Recommended,283640,29433391,Posted: 22 January,all,mMxtt,Absolutely phenomenal Metroidvania. After about 20 hours and finishing my first play through I am still itching to play more. There are some small balance issue with various weapons and armor but nothing game breaking. Most of the bosses are fantastic and the game play flows really well. If you are a fan of the Souls series and Metroidvanias you cannot afford not to play this game!
76561197970972917,Recommended,283640,29431141,Posted: 22 January,all,Abcsaehdhhd,"S&S is one of the best games I have ever bought on Steam. I am more of a visual novel / low interactivity kind of guy when it comes to games now a days but S&S really does it for me. If you are looking for a fun game that rewards grinding, learning, and exploration. This is it. It's very metroidvania and I like it for that. This is a must buy."
76561197994315614,Recommended,283640,29454835,Posted: 23 January,all,Salganos,"Very effectively blends a Dark-Souls-like aesthetic, world, and combat design into a 2D action-platformer.  The platforming is itself very satisfying, starting out simple before eventually becoming diabolically clever in forcing the player to combine acquired abilities to traverse puzzle-like gaps and obstacles.  The combat is also fairly tight, though sometimes rather brutal and demanding (see: Dark-Souls-like).  In addition, the game is quite the sight to look at, with a very detailed world of atmospheric environments and varied enemies.This is one of two games (both 2D action-platformers with exploration mechanics) that I have played through from start to finish in one long sitting across two days (on a weekend), on account of not being able to stop.(The inventory system could use a ""sort"" button, though.)"
,Recommended,283640,29439557,Posted: 23 January,all,Beef Kaker,This is absolutely 2D dark souls. That should tell you all you need.
76561198122032155,Recommended,283640,29631124,Posted: 1 February,all,SweStratocaster,"Solid metroidvania with Soulsborne type progression. Tight and snappy controls also makes combat and exploring the levels really satisfying.The game also looks great, altough the lore wasn't my cup of tea.8/10"
76561198054332746,Recommended,283640,29337602,Posted: 18 January,all,Blaque Ivory,"I was expecting to have fun with this game, just as a fun thing to hold me over in between other games. I was not expecting my best times in gaming in years. The controlls are tight, the co-op is incredible and most importantly the ggame is just fun."
,Recommended,283640,29350621,Posted: 18 January,all,Zong,The way the entire world in interconnected makes this game such a amazing experience. One of the best things to come out of 2016.
,Recommended,283640,29366865,Posted: 19 January,all,Resstarr,An amazing mix of Souls and Metroidvania.
76561198067951687,Recommended,283640,29892826,Posted: 12 February,all,FakeSympathy,"If you are a Souls series fan, this is a really great game for you. Do not underestimate this game's difficulty just because it's in 2D; there are lots of traps, falls to death, dead ends, and deadly enemies that will easily kill you. The bosses are creatviely designed. Some of them take inspiration of Lovecraftian horrors."
,Recommended,283640,29925890,Posted: 14 February,all,SPACEMAN,"Best 2D soul game ever!Everyone should try this game!It is like Castlevania + a little bit dark soul system is a BIG HIT for this game.Dont waste your time to read another review, this game is master piece!"
,Recommended,283640,29947478,Posted: 15 February,all,GuiFzord.,"awesome game, only can be batter with online multi player co-op and PvP.but still nice game."
,Recommended,283640,29755260,Posted: 6 February,all,Snoozie,"Well, in all honesty, I have never beaten a Dark souls game or Bloodborne, and personally didn't like Dark Souls nearly as much as I've liked Salt & Sanctuary.I have just beaten the game and entered NG+ and will now be moving on to play DS2, but will definitely be coming back to this game again.Pros:Nice Artstyle, Nice environments/areas to explore, cool enemies, cool bosses, good leveling system (Works on a skill tree system, but with some small twists), good platforming, fantastic area progression and a nice feeling of dread farther on in the game.Cons:-While the music is good, you tend to listen to most of the same songs or abience throughout the game and it's hard to recall any songs other than the Boss fight theme, Sanctuary theme, and Nameless God, while there's other songs, they just don't feel like they play as often.-Enemies are cool and all that, but some of them are not fun or really engaging to fight. That number is really small, but the only enemy I can say for certain is a horrible enemy, is the main skeleton. They have an abillity where they can teleport and are invincible throughout the entire animation when beginning to teleport, and for a small opening when they finish, and that small opening is even smaller when you take into consideration most weapons have serious delay on them, and the chances of you reading them is nearly impossible because sometimes when they finish teleporting they just teleport off somewhere again, making you miss your shots. The little ♥♥♥♥ers will teleport ANYWHERE on the map and will sometimes *teleports behind you* nothing personnel kid and just get 5 free hits on you, and then another one will teleport to you and they will both poison you and probably kill you. Really just an unfair enemy to fight, and really annoying. There's only 2 of them that you will meet often, but even then you will hate them.-For a game based on platforming, about mid way through the game when you start getting powers called ""Brands"", you get a lot more platforming (Wall jumps, air dashes) and this makes platforming fun and even sometimes really cool when you implement it into your actual fights, but when this starts to happen, you start to realize the game's platforming is well... a bit iffy. In an attempt to balance air dashes and wall jumps, once you fall a certain distance clinging on to walls and air dashes do almost nothing, as you will just fall while sliding down the wall, or just move forward with the dash. I understand this was a balancing thing, but sometimes that window to air dash or wall jump felt a bit small and you feel a bit cheated on your death.-Ledge grabbing. Or for the love of god ledge grabbing in this game is slow and unresponsive on 15% of the walls you try to scale. Sometimes you want to grab a wall to jump, but you grab the ledge, you try to grab the ledge, but you just miss or fall to your death. Simple flaws but can be very annoying when the you got a lot of salt when just die cause the game's ledge was programmed a bit higher than the other's.Now I'll just list some of my ""Mehs"" with this game.-This game has a lot of back tracking and weird little secrets, which is nice when done right, but sometimes this game doesn't give you a set direction, and it gets confusing at times. Most other games will give you a hint, but this game just gives you an item, tells you to go wild and you just wander around wondering what do you with your life.Overall, really good game, and I give it a 9/10Even with it's good, but unmemorable soundtrack and flaws, it comes out to be a really good experience, due to most of the flaws being small issues that arise at only farther into the game, and by that point, you're already invested in this game and what it has to offer.Recommend for full price, recommend even more on sale.Friend bought it for me on sale and I am in debt."
76561198042386636,Recommended,283640,29551200,Posted: 28 January,all,Menace,"10/10 - * * * * * - Two thumbs upI love this game.When I played Demon's Souls back in the day I could not put my finger on it at first. I had this feeling. One I had not had for a long time. I eventually realized it was the same feeling I had when I was a kid first playing the original Nintendo. You know, being really challenged and that rewarding feeling when we tasted success.I experinced this with every Souls title. This feels just like that. I expected less, but I got so much more out of this game. It feels just like 2D Souls, with a unique story and spin on the experience. Enjoying every minute of it and don't have one negative thing to say. (Edit: OK, I thought of one thing and I don't want to be a liar. It does not appear to cloud sync.)I have played 4 characters so far and for $20 this was a steal. I have spent $80 on games that I have enjoyed less and finished in a fraction of the time. I am nowhere near finished playing this, not even close.Just like the souls series, you will work for the story. It really does feel like it was made by people in love with the souls series. It is all delivered in a castlevania/metroil like flow. The action is not as frantic and plays more like a souls game vs the nintendo classics in terms of pacing for the most part. It is very challenging and when you progress it is a very rewarding feeling.There is a bit of platforming and it is implemented extremely well. I was worried about this as I usually hate platforming segments, but they really dialed it in. I'm hopping off ledges that drop from under you all while smaching faces in and it is a rush! It really is a great experience."
,Recommended,283640,29634359,Posted: 1 February,all,Gert,"As a huge fan of the Souls Series, I instantly fell in love with this gem. Fun game-play that will give you multiple servings of frustration after numerous deaths."
76561198052165764,Recommended,283640,31028008,Posted: 8 April,all,mgoctopusboy,"Too hardcore.  A beaustifuly simplistic take on the Demon Souls genre.  The atmosphere is perfect, the feel is just right, and the gameplay is stellar.  Boss fights will at times have you cursing you ever heard of the game, but once you fell them it  really feels like you achieved something.  The story is barely there, in a good way.  Just enough to paint a picture, not too much to bog you down.  Rarely in a 2d side scroller do I find myself standing and admiring the scenery as I do in 3d rpgs games, but this is one of the exceptions.  Just a marvelous experience.   80+ hours in and I am still going for more, and I just got my GF into it and the 2 player local co-op is great.  I really can't think of any complaints, and it seems any negative reviews are in essence negative review of the Demon Souls genre.  Yes the game can be hard.  But mastering it is part of the fun.Summary:  Dark, twisted, creepy, harcore, fun."
76561198120540428,Recommended,283640,31030231,Posted: 8 April,all,Spreelly,salt
,Recommended,283640,27544130,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DSN0r,i like dark souls like games and this is one of the best ones i know of
76561198014824111,Recommended,283640,28995514,Posted: 3 January,all,Chester Copperpot,"If you like Dark Souls, then it's really a no brainer. It does almost everything right. I would highly suggest that anyone who likes a  castlevania/dark souls, should for sure pick up this title."
76561198077646184,Recommended,283640,28993070,Posted: 3 January,all,Technodrone,some one mixed castlevania bloodborne and dark souls together and its awsome
76561198005299625,Recommended,283640,30992299,Posted: 6 April,all,AlucardHS,No.1 death cause in Dark Souls? Fall to death! This has been amplified here in the 2D platformer. Overall Amazing game! Will buy DLCs.
,Recommended,283640,28930421,Posted: 1 January,all,GreyZ,"This is by far one of the best games I've played this year. Just saying it's a 2D Dark Souls clone doesn't do the game justice. It definitely straight up copies most of Dark Souls best elements, but it does so expertly not mindlessly, and intermingles it with it's own rich lore and phenomenal Metroidvania style of exploration and plattforming.It's an incredibly atmospheric game, even after having played it through once it still gave me chills on subsequent playthroughs.It offers an insane amount of possible and effective character builds, far more than any of the aforementioned games.So if you enjoy games such as Dark Souls, Bloodborne, Metroid, Castlevania: SotN, you must play this game, it is easily just as good any of these classics."
,Recommended,283640,28851256,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Carry me you inbred humans,Castlevania gameplay meets Souls Mechanics.By the same person who made The Dishwasher series.Pretty good game and its pretty easy. Would only recommend to those people who are easily agitated as the game lets you keep reviving over and over. oh and anyone else who is interested in it.Decent replayability. Two endings. Worth a buy.9/10
,Recommended,283640,28943996,Posted: 2 January,all,Mana,"Short of it: Mostly for people who like Souls games for the Souls games (with more metroidvania sprinkled in) and not the co-op/PvP. Not everyone will like it, but ehh.. who cares if they don't?Souls-like that unfortunately lacks online multiplayer, but you can still couch co-op and optionally even PvP with your friend if you really must. This is a simpler and more compressed experience with more Metroidvania inspirations than Souls games had and some features of its own. A little hit&miss for lovers of Souls style games due to the limitations of the multiplayer and other limitations, but if you don't look it as trying to be another proper Souls game (which it isn't, it's 2D for crying out loud), you can enjoy it perfectly.Unfortunately unlike Souls games, this one denies you from using gear you don't have unlocked the skill for, which is kinda nonsense, but it also sort of makes sense since your lacking stats in Souls games would soft block such things anyway.I've enjoyed it so far, lacking some hints where I can go in some parts, but I'm still trying to beat it. Kinda met a boss that my build is not as great for as it was for the ones before, but heyyyy, not like that isn't the norm in Souls games with gimmick builds :p"
,Recommended,283640,31029675,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr. JellyBean,Amazing! First game I've played in 5 years that has actually local co-op! Definately buy if you're looking for a challenging game to play with friends. You can map your controls to play like a 2D dark souls!
,Recommended,283640,29806838,Posted: 9 February,all,SkyKingGoose,Metroidsoulsvania is a genre that you need to play.
76561198044483137,Recommended,283640,29812790,Posted: 9 February,all,TH3 RAABI,"I'ts fun. It's difficult(get good). It's dark and creeepy. It has many builds available via the skill tree. It's like a Dark Souls platformer but slightly less difficult. If this is up your alley, what are you waiting for? It's only $18!"
,Recommended,283640,30151568,Posted: 24 February,all,shadow_slayer74,"I love this game, it frustrates me and I can't play it for too long or I get upset because I die and lose all my salt but its so much fun and the lore is very deep and dark."
,Recommended,283640,30213159,Posted: 26 February,all,deathraptor1,"Really a amazing game. It has great exporation, has some amazing bosses, big amount of weapons and builds to use, good leveling systeming, insteresting story and brings a good 2D dark souls experience. The only thing i don't like is the co-op but that is a minor problem so I recommend this game for everyone into the darkborne series."
76561198013036875,Recommended,283640,30212790,Posted: 26 February,all,djuwidja,Great game. Very similar to the Dark Souls experience but in 2D.
76561198054879831,Recommended,283640,30254622,Posted: 28 February,all,King_Dano,Difficult game but very enjoyable.  Many customization options for your characters and play strategy.
,Recommended,283640,30249230,Posted: 28 February,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: 2D Dark Souls, great game.Favorite Thing: It thoroughly scratched my Dark Souls itch. Lots of challenging bosses and level design that goes everywhere.Least Favorite Thing: There's an over-reliance on darkness. A lot of the time the majority of the screen is extremely dark or completely black. On a separate note, variety for mage spells and gear are extremely lacking.Playtime: ~ 28h (explored everything I could find)Enjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: If you enjoyed Dark Souls, definitely."
76561198170471082,Recommended,283640,31174289,Posted: 16 April,all,markwh1te,great game!
76561198000698735,Recommended,283640,24199762,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Last Knight Down,"Salt and Sanctuary is an homage to the Souls franchise that has been the mainstay of From Software since Demon's Souls was released back in 2009. This game is a throwback to the first two titles in the series, borrowing several concepts regarding combat and exploration from those titles. The way in which you heal, dodge, increase in strength and chain actions together, though in 2D rather than 3D, is very reminiscent of the mechanics from these titles and all of this is executed in a tight and predictable manner. Best of all, most of the first play-through is beatable without wearing armor or performing heavy upgrades to weapons, so most of the content is almost entirely skill based. If you know how to play the game, you can get through it without feeling like there is a hard gear check for most of the game.Where Salt and Sanctuary actually shines is in the original ideas it brings to the table. This game makes incredible use of vertical stacking akin to the 2D Metroid games, but uses it as more of a way to represent distance between areas rather than them literally being physically above or below one another. It has an excellent array of areas and bosses, each which follow different principles and have extremely varied weaknesses and strengths. There are bosses that follow traditional duck and swing, sword and board as well as keep away principles of Souls fame. There are also bosses which follow 2D fighting game principles where combos, rushdowns, grabs, cross-ups and dizzying the opponent are all important concepts. The variety of weapons and spells in the game is just enough to entice you to try playing the game in each possible manner and keep the same challenges entertaining for several play-throughs. The game also has a few challenging platforming segments and principles that cause you to look and travel the world completely differently each time you discover a new one. This totally changes the incentives and how you look at the architecture you come across, and like any good Metroid environment, causes you to rethink things you already wandered past.The music and the sound are all crisp and convincing as well. Other than the rudimentary character faces, there's really nothing in this game that is not beautiful and pleasing to the eye in the environments or the enemy designs. You can tell that this game borrows from many other games and fantasy settings than just the Souls series in the types of dungeons and enemies you trek through and are put up against. All in all, no transition is soo harsh or bizzare that it seems not to fit. Because of this, the world the game takes place in is very believable and interesting. I often forget how pleasing the aesthetics are and I'm always impressed when I come back to the game and remind myself.If you enjoy adventure games with hard bosses and very few hints, are a fan of the Souls series or the original Zelda, or are just looking for a dungeon or horror game of medium difficulty to start you off on the genre, Salt and Sanctuary is a definite must. You will enjoy what this game has to offer."
76561198238606692,Recommended,283640,30157976,Posted: 24 February,all,DarkZen1324,"fun game, I hope there will be a sequal"
76561197962958937,Recommended,283640,30233627,Posted: 27 February,all,CTSamurai,"As many other reviewers have said, this game is essentially just Dark Souls adapted from 3D to 2D, but the end result is quite compelling.  If you like Dark Souls, you will find this game is a refreshing twist in a novel, compelling world.  I very much enjoyed it."
76561197970567967,Recommended,283640,30289131,Posted: 2 March,all,rkeezy,"Lots of comparisons to Dark Souls, in that it is hard, but I'd put it closer to a difficult Metroidvania type. I'd say it's a lot easier to get a hang of than Dark Souls, and there are fewer bosses that trouble most average players in S&S than DS. That being said, it was loads of fun once I got over the initial hump, only wish there was more replay value in NG+ other than maxxing out your skills tree. The art is well done and the atmosphere is creepy. For a bargain price, this is well worth the investment."
76561198103224121,Recommended,283640,31122677,Posted: 13 April,all,Fana,"Good game, a little bit challenging."
76561198028261812,Recommended,283640,31127925,Posted: 13 April,all,viktorhallo,"awesome game, a 2d dark souls."
,Recommended,283640,31132103,Posted: 14 April,all,WhatDaMath,"A very good take on the Dark Souls genre in 2d - not impossible to learn and play, challenging but not too unforgiving and great design as well.If you prefer Dark Souls in 3d and do not like 2d platformers you won't like it, but for anyone who loves the 2d genre this is a must"
,Recommended,283640,30291703,Posted: 3 March,all,SemuzaBoi,"Tot i had mastered Metroid-vania by playing Ori and the blind forest.Apparently i was wrong , didn't get past the first Knight... Still working on it with different classes.Pros :---------------* Beautiful artwork* Nice RPG-ish Elements* Good score*The enemies never die :-SCons:---------------------*If you are not a fan of Darksoulsish games ,you will hate you life when you play this !"
76561198015234029,Recommended,283640,30306874,Posted: 3 March,all,Just a Monkey On Some Bars,Was good but now my controllers font work for whatever reason. I can use them in every other controller supported game in my library. It worked for the 15 hours i put inot the game. Then one day out of nowhere none ofe my conrtollers work with the game. WTF?!?!
,Recommended,283640,30327007,Posted: 4 March,all,Sorrien,"I have tried out a few different classes, and I've beaten the game twice now. I've never really played the Dark Souls franchise much, so I don't know if that's what I ought to be comparing this to. I can however say that this game is (mostly) as fair as it is punishing. Failure sucks, but sticking it out is more satisfying because of that.The thing I don't like about this game? Platforming and jumping ""puzzles."" I have no interest in Parkour in my RPG to the degree which this game has it in certain areas.If you are looking for a neat little RPG to have fun with, I highly recommend getting this on sale. The local co-op in Salt and Sanctuary is also pretty good, even if there are occasional camera issues."
,Recommended,283640,31331294,Posted: 23 April,all,The Tree of Men,Great game
,Recommended,283640,33209320,Posted: 3 July,all,zzSleeper,"This game tries *really* hard to be a 2D Dark Souls, loyal all the way down to the obtuse unexplained mechanics - though with their own tweaks here and there, and some Metroidvania mixed in.  Well-executed, and fun if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,283640,33212561,Posted: 3 July,all,FrankBro,One of the best game I've ever played. Feels a lot like DaS 1. Did two playthrought (melee and magic).
76561198039984756,Recommended,283640,33219504,Posted: 4 July,all,[Tetsuo],"Still the best souls-like game. The developers (the team consists just of two people) managed to catch that mysterious feeling of Dark Souls 1 and nicely put it in 2D world. It exactly follows the first Dark Souls formula with it`s very best level design with loads of shortcuts and secret places.Also this game is extremely immersive setting-wise, Ideal gameplay and combat-wise (the game copycats dark souls combat really well and you can even parry and riposte here, hehe. Even timings are very familiar) and also it has quite fashionable artstyle.The only thing is that there is no online multiplayer mode (no such thing as invasions and online coop). But there is a hot-seat multiplayer mode where you can progress through the game with your friend on one computer but this mode is very clunky and uncomfortable to use. So it`s more enjoyable as a solo game.Also some words must be said about PC controls. Keyboard and mouse controls are pretty good and you don`t really need a controller to play this game (but you`d better have one spare controller if you want to play with a friend because otherwise you`ll both end up playing with a split-control over a keyboard which is not really comfortable).As a conclusion, if you enjoy Dark Souls (especially the first one) you won`t regret this game for sure and it will be a great adventure for you."
76561198218264185,Recommended,283640,33300278,Posted: 5 July,all,keitelsjostrom,this game is awsome?
76561198031532645,Recommended,283640,33392269,Posted: 8 July,all,Rhade,Dark Souls + 2D Castlevania sums it up.I do have to rate it only 10/11 stars because those dirty ♥♥♥♥ing spindlebeasts are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I'll never forgive them for existing.
,Recommended,283640,33384362,Posted: 8 July,all,C@$H--[1138],"Amazing game, Very hard but 100% worth buying! 10/10."
,Recommended,283640,33375395,Posted: 8 July,all,E X I S T E N T I A L D R E A D,"IfFrom Softwaretook a step back and thought it apt to make aDark Soulsspinoff in 2D Metroidvania style, I honestly think it would still pale in comparison to whatSka Studioshas put out with Salt and Sanctuary.This game is tough as nails, but it rewards some grinding and a wee bit of planning beautifully. The art style is absolutely magnifgicent with boss battles that feel huge! I suppose in this sense Salt and Sanctuary is perhaps more akin to Bloodborne in its Lovecraftian mythos and grim tone.Where Salt and Sanctuary wins over other challeneging trial and error Souls-like games is in the ease with which you can pick up the controller and resume your escapades through each harrowing and unique environment before finding short reprieve in the sanctuaries that connect them.This game is a steal!Go Go Go!─────────────────────────────────────────▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄───────────────▄▄▀▀▀▀──────────▀▀▄▄─────────▄▀───────────────────▀▀▄──────█────────────────────────█────█─────────────────────▄▀▀▀▀▀█▄█▀────────────────────█────▄████─────────────────────█────▀████─────▄▀▀██▀▄─────────█───────██────█──████─█─────────▀▄▄▄▄▄█─█────█──▀██▀─█───────────────█─█────█───────█──────────────▄▀─█────▀▄─────▄▀──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄───█──█──────▀▀▀▀▀────█─█─█─█─█──▄▀───█──────────────▀▄█▄█▄█▀──▄▀─────█──────────────────────▄▀───────▀▀▀▄──────────▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀──────────▄▀─────────▀▀──▄▀────────────▄▀───────────────█────────────▄▀────────────────█──▄▀▀▀█▀▀▄──█────█──█▀▀▀▄─────█▀▀────█──█─▄█────▀▀▀────█─────█────▀▀───█─█▀▄──────────█─────█▄────────█─█──▀▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄▄▀─────▀█▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀──█───────────────────▀▄─────────"
,Recommended,283640,33378931,Posted: 8 July,all,3Dreamension,S u p e er L ov e d it!Castle Souls a la Deluxxxe!
76561197989755432,Recommended,283640,33415404,Posted: 9 July,all,Heydeeohred,"I don't know what is this ""dark solz"" but dis game is gud."
76561198019576097,Recommended,283640,33420629,Posted: 9 July,all,FullMetal,"Metroidvania + souls like = Praise the salt!Although not as difficult as the soulsborne serie, still a challenging experience. Worth it every penny, and I'd gladly pay more for this.You'll start playing safe like a 2D dark souls, but once you get familiar with the controls and the game mechanics you'll have a blast, NG+ is going to be even more fun. My only complain is the lack of online co-op / pvp, but this is not going to ruim your party."
76561198093540693,Recommended,283640,33444968,Posted: 10 July,all,Divine Weapon,"There have been a few attempts at games modeled similarly to the Dark Souls series.This is the only one I can count that I know can live up to what it imitates.Just for the record, I have played all three Dark Souls games, Bloodborne, and most of Demon Souls; I love the franchise dearly. Despite this love, I must admit that Salt and Sanctuary seemingly does everything Dark Souls I, II, and III does, but better. The only thing I can say Dark Souls does better is graphics, which isn't saying much for Dark Sould, as Salt and Sanctuary's unique art style make its world more off-kilter and terrifying.A definite recommend, worth the price, and just so you know, it does not have people randomly invading your world!"
76561198243563320,Recommended,283640,33449221,Posted: 10 July,all,rogersevantius,Bought the game two days before it went on sale... Still worth every penny I paid.
76561198167773923,Recommended,283640,33373076,Posted: 8 July,all,UN1DENT1F13D,A gaint cursed axe wielded by invincible ghosts? Easy!A fat♥♥♥♥♥pirate with a flintlock? PLEASE KILL ME!
,Recommended,283640,33614735,Posted: 17 July,all,Your King,soulslike but actually soulslike instead of feeling like cheap knockoff
76561198122598562,Recommended,283640,28011093,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Samsquanch,"I feel like it's safe to say that at first I pirated this game to see if it was any good.  After playing the game for a few houres, I needed to gives the devs the money they deserve.  I know this game looks like a dark souls clone, but there's 2 things that's close to dark souls are the atk/def stats, and endless deathand sadness.  other than that, it's compleatly diffrent.  the tree of skill is perfectly designed, and so is the platforming, 2 things dark souls dosn't have.  So yes, this game is inspired by dark souls, but it's NOT a clone, it's very diffrent"
76561198262632686,Recommended,283640,28516932,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ganon,Very good game if you like Dark Souls game I recomended.
76561198034902723,Recommended,283640,28078902,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[D3N] menno99,amazing
,Recommended,283640,28081540,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tenken,Great game it definitely feels like Dark Souls and Castlevania:SOTN merged together.
,Recommended,283640,28075569,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,It's basically 2D Darksouls Metroidvania in an original setting. What's not to love?
76561198345546819,Recommended,283640,28105914,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,bwsflash80,"Fantastic old school, Castlevania style play with a Dark Souls twist. Must have for fans of great 2D games with reasonably difficult game play."
,Recommended,283640,29246303,Posted: 14 January,all,FuriousUnagi,"The definitive souls-like game. A must buy for souls fans! Artwork is amazing, except for your character -- the armours and weapons look awesome, but his face... it's kinda weird.Rather easy than the real souls games.Salt and Sanctuary is a true souls tribute, a real souls-like set in a 2D platforming ambient.Get it now!"
76561198072777809,Recommended,283640,29229926,Posted: 13 January,all,MEATBICYCLE,"I think this is an awsome Game! its hard but fair, alot like dark souls, but where is the online co op? you can play with two people on 1 pc or console but not over the internet?! Why? You can see people sometimes resting or walking through the sanctuary, so why not online co op? you should fix that! But other wise ++++"
76561198353333903,Recommended,283640,29258846,Posted: 14 January,all,Marie,Basically 2D Dark Souls
76561197970561587,Recommended,283640,29198416,Posted: 11 January,all,kaincypher,"2D Dark Souls.  What more did you want?   Some of the controls are a bit touchy, especially around reaching/grabbing ledges.  Otherwise, tons of different weapons, monsters, playstyles, etc.  Highly recommend, especially considering the bargain price.   Graphics for character faces is pretty weak, if that's really a big deal to you, but I stopped noticing after a few minutes."
76561198203073683,Recommended,283640,29169895,Posted: 10 January,all,lukehampton04,"Really loved this game. Yes, it was challenging, and yes, you will rage, but what a blast! Protip: level up until you beat the crap out of what ails ya."
76561198006602199,Recommended,283640,29193028,Posted: 11 January,all,The Operative,"Salt and Sanctuary is better than it has any right to be--it is, in point of fact, terrific. While the great reviews and ""Best of 2016"" lists I read called this game a ""2D Dark Souls,"" that description always sounds like a vague insult. Salt and Sanctuary borrows its RPG elements from Dark Souls, but it distinguishes itself through its tight, enjoyable gameplay.So, let's get the similarities out of the way first. Yes, the leveling and RPG elements are basically re-skins of Dark Souls (i.e. salt = souls; creeds = covenants; bonfies = sanctuaries; levels buy points in attributes; weapons scale by letter, etc). The same could be said of the story and NPCs. Most of it feels like undersea/nautical/undead themed Dark Souls fan fiction--it's vaguely dark and slightly elliptical, but not nearly as opaque as Dark Souls' lore.But, S&S takes this framework and turns it all into something really enjoyable: By mashing up Dark Souls' systems with the tight controls, action, and sense of exploration of a Metroidvania, it achieves something remarkable in the way the game actually plays. The controls are responsive and the action is fast-paced--jumping, blocking, rolling, dashing, slashing and bashing have an almost fluid joy to them. That's not to say the game is easy, as death comes frequently, with only two or three solid hits enough to kill you in most cases. But, I loved the thrill of rolling through an enemy's attack, executing a well timed combo, then juking, rolling, and jumping out of the way of their counterattack.And while the combat is the biggest treat, the platforming and exploring are great, too. As you explore, your character acquires ""brands,"" which serve the standard Metroidvania function of allowing you to access new places--you get a wall jump, an air dash, and the ability to go upside down in certain areas. These elements allow for some really interesting level design, and, once all the brands are collected,  eventually allows for the different areas to interconnect in surprising ways.There are some nits to pick, but most are compensated for by other elements: While I generally loved the art style (especially for the bosses), the characters and NPCs I found odd. (Why doesn't anyone have a nose?!?!) The different weapon types didn't seem particularly interesting, but the different attack combos (including aerial combos) were pretty cool. Magic seemed underpowered. Overall, though, none of it detracts from an excellent, fun package.So, while it might be easy to dismiss Salt and Sanctuary as derivative, it ends up taking Dark Souls' inspiration and doing something awesome with it. In fact, on a minute-by-minute basis, I had more fun playing Salt and Sanctuary than Dark Souls games. Praise the salt!"
76561198036561843,Recommended,283640,29321218,Posted: 17 January,all,Owlflame,"Love it. Having a great time. Fun challenge. I'm not using a shield, I'm using a 2 handed axe. So someone will have to let me know if Shields are as broken in this game as the souls games."
76561198041607002,Recommended,283640,29370039,Posted: 19 January,all,fL4w3d,Amazing
,Recommended,283640,29370310,Posted: 19 January,all,code_geese,"2D Dark Souls.  A bit on the linear side and some of the mechanics don't translate as well to 2D (lack of maps in particular) and the platforming isn't great considering how much of it there is, but it captures the feeling well enough."
76561197980022515,Recommended,283640,29372511,Posted: 20 January,all,Tardy the Turtle,"Salt and Sanctuary deserves marks for doing it's best to emulate the style and feel of dark souls in a 2D format. Unfortunately, some of the design, from levels, to abilities and monsters leaves a lot to be desired. Sections of the game smack of difficult for difficulties sake and lack the flow and nuance that someone expecting a 2D dark souls would want. Overall, the game smacks of a small team of fans doing their best and doing a pretty commendable job paying homage to a great game series that takes hundreds of people and millions of dollars to produce. Well done!"
,Recommended,283640,29289515,Posted: 15 January,all,Doug,I played this on Playstation 4 and in only 2 weeks I had beaten it 3 times with three very different characters. if you like platformers and you like RPGs would a good sense of character customization you will probably like this as it is both.it is basically 2d dark souls but that isnt as important imo
76561198060532125,Recommended,283640,30112102,Posted: 22 February,all,Clay Blockss,Recommended
76561198059335895,Recommended,283640,30015695,Posted: 18 February,all,Layfin,awesome game from the creators of the dishwasher it is inspired by dark souls making this platformer challenging and fun definately reccomend if your into metroidvania games and want something a little more difficult from the genre
,Recommended,283640,30012356,Posted: 18 February,all,Wekrot,Best 2D RPG
,Recommended,283640,30009447,Posted: 18 February,all,Monteheim,"As everyone else has stated before: it's a 2D adaptation of Dark Souls. It's dark, difficult and you absolutely have to master that dodge roll. Also, it will make you afraid of the game world - in a good, exciting way.If you like a challenge and are not easily frustrated;if you are prepared to invest some time, learn and maybe have a look or to at the wikithan Salt and Sanctuary can be a great game."
,Recommended,283640,29263587,Posted: 14 January,all,MagicMono,Good game if you are a fan of Dark Souls with elements of Metroid and Castlevaina.It is also alot of fun to sequence break after your first or second run.
76561198010490973,Recommended,283640,30093059,Posted: 21 February,all,Paranoid Insect,great atmosphere
76561198073424376,Recommended,283640,30088897,Posted: 21 February,all,Kloqdq,"If you are someone looking for a refreshing experience from the Souls style of game then Salt and Sanctuary is for you. Mixing the beloved Souls formula with 2D platforming and other elements, Salt and Sanctuary is a fantasic product that really rewards the player for their feats.If I did have a few major issues with this game is certain weapons and styles are obivous superior than others. I used a greatsword for the majority of the game and simple flew past many of the bosses. Another big issue is although the game looks really good and is impressive at times, it often blends together. Many maps loop back into one another like Dark Souls 1 but the areas end up look so similar at times I could not name where I was without trouble. It's not that big of a deal but it's very noticable when you play long enough. The Challenge of the game is so and so as well. Sometimes I question if the boss I fought was really a boss while other times I wondered why it was so difficult. Witch of the Lake and The tree fire-spraying boss are great examples of this. The platforming is okay and it's only when you get the power-ups that the platform is actually fun and it becomes easy to travel.Overall if your looking for a Dark Souls game that is close to Dark Souls 1 while shaking things up, Salt and Sanctuary is the game for you."
76561198221247296,Recommended,283640,31057913,Posted: 10 April,all,shiowari,"Its an great game that anyone should play if you like dark souls like games, even through there is one thing that made me pretty upset, if you say no to the order of the betrayer by accedent you wont get another chance to join them unless you replay the whole once more (!)"
76561197973059616,Recommended,283640,32246617,Posted: 7 June,all,Gameon,"Great platform game; difficult, intriguing, worth every minute I spent on it"
76561198198652750,Recommended,283640,32262320,Posted: 7 June,all,Arclighter,"Very good gameplay. Controls are pretty tight. Highly recommend using a controller. The wounding and lost focus effects on your health and stamina are very detrimental, but it's part of the challenge. The only thing I dislike are the platforming sections of the game. One wrong misstep is falling into a chasm or a very long elevator shaft. Currently on my NG+."
76561197971795602,Recommended,283640,32235715,Posted: 7 June,all,CrazyGoblin,More salt than CS:GO.
,Recommended,283640,32270096,Posted: 8 June,all,Tabzz,"The combat system is awesome, the skill tree is massive, it has so many locations to explore, art and animation are amazing, and i started a new playthrough immediately after the final boss."
76561198114339588,Recommended,283640,32181029,Posted: 4 June,all,Crip,"TL;WR: 8/10 game. Has some gameplay flaws, but it's very fun and deep in multiple ways.I'm writing this review after my 4th playthrough, NG+ of my third character. Had a a lot of frustration, slight feels, and amazing fun playing this.It's 99% based on Dark Souls' gameplay mechanics and storytelling, so if you liked DS you'll certainly enjoy S&S, maybe. I say maybe, because this game can be unfair in ways Dark Souls never was. Sometimes you'll die purely because of bad luck, not from mistakes. I'll list the pros and cons:PROSStory is quite interesting, if you plan to dig deeper into it. The way the main ""villain"" is introduced and developed is very good.Pretty hand-drawn areas. I don't think there was any area that I disliked its look. They're all great.Fun action gameplay. Many different types of weapons, spells, incantations and prayers to use. Hitting enemies feels good, exploding them into bloody bits feels awesome. The blocking and doging mechanics are great too, you can choose your favorite way to keep yourself alive, or rely on both.Great build variation.  Magic archer, cleric thief, heavy paladin, sword gunner, any combination is possible, take your time finding out what you like best!Great RPG mechanics. Enemies are resistant and weak to different types of damage and elements, weapons have hidden traits that can make them work better (or worse) than other weapons of the same type, your armor weight matters, etc.Top-quality world building. Everything is interconnected both horizontaly and vertically, with many shortcuts to unlock through the game.Very cool enemy and boss designs.Extremely non-linear. The order of boss fights can change a lot for each player, with some being able to be skipped even without glitches.Many, many secrets. You'll unlock a few mobility abilities through the game and you can use them to access hidden places in areas you've already passed. It's always good to backtrack! Also, press theusebutton on suspicious walls, it may be a hidden door.CONSFall damage. I don't think this is a good mechanic in this kind of sidescroller, but there it is. Sometimes you'll fall and die even if it wasn't entirely your fault. Getting interruped mid-jump by an arrow, getting punched out of platforms.. prepare to be frustrated.Stunlock is real. Doesn't happen often, but you'll die to it at least once or twice in a playthrough. Never fall between two enemies.Grab attacks. The existence of an attack that locks you down unable to block or evade is already bad, it gets worse when some are too fast for you to react properly. Getting stunlocked by grabs can also happen, by the way.The three points above will lead to some frustratingly unfair events.All human characters generally look awful. Some clothes and armors are cool, but the body and face of players and NPCs could be improved a lot, it's almost like they tried to make you ugly.I'll finish this by saying I'm very glad I got this game. I waited for a sale because I was unsure of how good it would be, but it's totally worth it even at full price. This game will please you whether you're a Metroidvania fan or Dark Souls fan or even just a RPG fan. Get it either way."
76561198061786965,Recommended,283640,32105284,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,the saltiest game in all of existence.
,Recommended,283640,32296551,Posted: 9 June,all,Lothar,"As so many other reviews have stated, this is definitely a side scroller game built on top of the Dark Souls rule set. Killing minions for salt to level up, dieing causes you to lose your salt and character progression is pretty much the same in a lot of other aspects.With that being said outside of the obvious difficulty from that play method this game is a LOT of fun and visually very interesting to look at. It reminds me as a kid drawing knights fighting monsters in my notebook at school and they've come to life into a game I can play. I recommend using a controller if you have one handy for your PC. While definitely playable with mouse and keyboard I very much found the controller to be more natural feeling for this game.I won't dive into all the details but here are my bullet point enjoyments:- Graphic style, as I said I feel like I'm playing a game created from a sketch book- Visual style, its dark and brooding and you never can tell what will kill you or not- Sounds / Music a perfect fit to the game and you can always tell when something big is about to happen- Character development is incredible! Granted there are preset builds to follow but you can truly make a unique character to your play style- Price...I've paid way more for way less enjoyment...do yourselves a favor and drop the $20 you had planned for a game here and give yourself a great return on investment. (Entertainment to time value)"
76561198183591702,Recommended,283640,32303993,Posted: 9 June,all,Cilian,"Review after first playthrough: A great Metroidvania that gives more than a nod to the Souls series. Excellent game that offers a lot more content than I would have thought. Enjoyed the style, and appreciated the fact that you can master it with sheer controller prowess or with careful and tactial advancing and planning. Neither too easy nor too hard. Well worth the money."
76561197983259695,Recommended,283640,32291357,Posted: 9 June,all,Nicki Graus,"""Do you recommend this game?"" - Yes and no at the same time would be my answer, if Steam would have that option. Since it doesn't my ""fallback"" is yes.Why would I recommend this game?This is a great action platformer RPG with a rather nice leveling system, a huge world and some good combat.It is difficult - but since it's often called a""2D Dark Souls""that's nothing new I guess. Buy this only if you're ready for some challenging gameplay.I really like the graphics of the game - the environmental design maintains a dark and shady atmosphere throughout the game, which is very fitting in my opinion.Why would I NOT recommend this game?Honestly there's not much - the game overall is great. But before buying this game you should consider the following:The game has some weird hitboxes, especially for larger enemies and bosses, so expect some frustration here...The game has a rather huge world but doesn't provide a map at all - if you're trying to play through this game by just playing it ocasionally you'll find yourself lost...A LOT.The world is absolutely non-linear - which is a great plus in my opinion - but lacking an ingame map that fact ended up being the most frustrating part about the game for me. I keep running in circles constantly - even though in most other games I have quite a good sense of direction. Running around aimlessly, looking forANYplace to make progress is just frustrating to me... If you think so as well, then this game might be the wrong choice. For me that might be the most annoying reason to prevent me from finishing a game."
,Recommended,283640,32377747,Posted: 12 June,all,Negrokami,"As a veteran of the Soulsborne category of games, I can say with certainty that this masterpiece is worthy of being called a 2D Dark Souls. It has everything you'd want from a good souls-esque game, only in side-scrolling form.Pros:-Enemies/Bosses are tough, yet fair.-The Lore snippets on gear/skills, combined with the graphics and eerie music, make for a satisfying ambiant trifecta.-Safe areas have as much to offer as you want them to (for example, offer up a Blacksmith idol to make a blacksmith available at whatever Shrine you're currently in).-If you normally get sick of games after a two-hour session, that'll change. I could probably play this for an entire day and not get bored. Aggravated from certain bosses, yes, but never bored.Cons:-Just like any Souls-esque title, the path of your adventure isn't directly stated, and then you lose your sense of direction with all the different paths and traversal options, and then before you know it you've spent half an hour just trying to figure out where to go next. It's a small issue, but I dare say it adds to the fun.Overall, I give the game a 9/10. It's well worth a small stipence like $17,99. I'm less than 7 hours in and I feel like I haven't really gotten anywhere. It sounds accurate but, in a game like this. 7 hours can seem like an eternity."
,Recommended,283640,32419221,Posted: 14 June,all,MSimmons477,Challenging and a breath of fresh air for soulslite games.Made by very few people and just has amazing depth.
76561198261864124,Recommended,283640,31786829,Posted: 16 May,all,J.HanSohai,I highly recommand this game if you enjoy playing Darksouls because this is basically a 2D version of it.
76561198055454273,Recommended,283640,32356413,Posted: 11 June,all,Ulfur,"Amazing game, I beat it once and have started NG+ its super addicting once you get into it and focus on a playstyle."
76561198237253452,Recommended,283640,32362315,Posted: 12 June,all,phoenixtrust,just a perfect game a darksouls play style with a castlevania feel to the fighting just perfect 10/10 would buy agin
,Recommended,283640,32611368,Posted: 20 June,all,Michael The Weeb,"I absolutely LOVED this game when I got it. I had a few bucks over from buying a dlc for another game and decided to snag this too, since it was on sale, and I played Charlie Murder (another good Ska game I reccomend).I really enjoyed this, it managed to recapture theSUFFERINGI endured while I played dark souls and bloodborne for the first time. And really, it was great.The only issues I found with this game is the jenky co-op, I'm sure this is more refined on console, being more adjusted to two controllers, but when I tried to play this with a friend the controller just would not work. However, a simple download to the app known as Inputmapper fixed that.The other issue is the absolute lack of ONLINE multiplayer. If you don't have someone to couch co-op with you, you're SOL in terms of help. I suffered through like half of the bosses in the game before even attempting to get a friend in, and I'm still stuck on the boss I last left on.Without going much further into detail, this game is a must-play, at least once, even if you don't beat it (as of writing this I still haven't). But the difficulty really seems fair, if you look around I can almost garuntee there are items nearby that will help with the upcoming bossfight. *hint hint* Look around when you get to a big castle. All I'm gonna say.Play this game, at least once. Wether it's on sale or you play it off another friend's account, it's worth a shot."
,Recommended,283640,24260476,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,"Brutal souls-like platformer that demands skill in combat & timing as well as platforming. Explore the unnamed island full of the dead & slay the horrific bosses that inhabit it. Uncover bits & pieces of lore as you travel ever deeper into the abyss. The art is ugly in Ska Studio's signature style, but the ugly goes very well w/ the game's tone. The soundtrack is also very good, the music for final zone of the game in particular sticks out as absolutely haunting."
76561198059363586,Recommended,283640,32650439,Posted: 22 June,all,Aeodeon,"Excellent 2D Metroidvania-Soulslike... Yes, I know that's a lot of buzzwords, but it accurately describes the package. Great progression system, fantastic level design and almost all of the bosses balance between a fair challenge and absolutely satisfying.Can't recommend highly enough if you're craving a short but satisfying Fromsoft-like experience."
76561197966358311,Recommended,283640,32800438,Posted: 25 June,all,Ketamarine,it's a masterpiece. buy it!
76561198039363696,Not Recommended,283640,29904269,Posted: 13 February,all,Basilard,"Little praise for Salt; the necessary elements are there, but they range in their execution from hasty to poor.Weighty combat is a high. Limited, repetitive audio and visual presentation, and chaotic stat tree are lows."
76561198105906064,Recommended,283640,32719296,Posted: 24 June,all,Rigamortis,"Because this is my first review, I'm gonna keep it plain and simple.Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Dark Souls got together and had a kid...and he's a little badass ♥♥♥♥er!Don't be surprised if you rage quit more than a few times.But in the end, you will grow to love, if not, tolerate him...10/10"
,Recommended,283640,32606583,Posted: 20 June,all,Mister Awesomesauce,I played this game through and then promptly started over and played it through again.  An amazing title.  Just writing this makes me want to go through it again.
76561198050588441,Recommended,283640,32700696,Posted: 23 June,all,Kathanious,"The combat timing was hard to grasp at first. I found the game play easier to master with controller versus mouse and keyboard. Otherwise a very enjoyable side-scroller utilizing a leveling system, skill tree, and item upgrades to customize your hero."
,Recommended,283640,29885804,Posted: 12 February,all,SCAS,"It's one of the rare soulslike(sic) that actually understands why Dark Souls is good. Hard, but FAIR. It plays a lot like Dark Souls, but gave the mechanics its own spin, being a very statisfying ARPG. It's a great game, very fun to play with a lot of different possible builds, being worth a second playthrough, there's a lot of ways to advance and one journey can be completely different from the other, despite the game having a fixed order in which it wants you to progress (based on NPC questlines).IMO, it improved the estus system a lot, by adding a mechanic that a % of the damage you take is taken from your max health, meaning you can't rely on chugging your way through everything, like you can in Dark Souls.This game has only 2 problems:-The scenarios, weapons and most bosses are fine, but the character itself has an ugly artstyle.-Item placement for upgrades and stuff is all over the place. Try a halberd run and you'll understand why."
76561198025150619,Recommended,283640,32709100,Posted: 23 June,all,UberHump,"I know others have mentioned it..  But hot diggedy damn, this IS a 2D Dark Souls.  It's really good, a solid recommend."
,Recommended,283640,32704871,Posted: 23 June,all,Feathers_Fell,"A heavy dose of side-scrolling Souls-'em-up; a brutal and unforgiving 2D MetroidVania with combat and RPG mechanics lifted straight from the Dark Souls series, implimented and balanced so well that every death feels fair, and every loss has a lesson to be learned. If you love Dark Souls/Bloodborne style games then this one will be right up your street, and if you don't love those games then this is still a really good platformer in its own right, it's just also a great example of why so many people do."
,Recommended,283640,32732422,Posted: 24 June,all,Beefenstein,"I sat here for two solid hours because this game is so compelling when I only meant to play for 30 minutes! It really is as good as it looks and sounds, please buy it.The difficulty level -- speaking as someone who found Dark Souls possible with grinding -- seem fair. You can certainly venture ahead and test yourself against terrifying situations and, so far, I've been able to learn enemies, maps and muscle-memory so that I vanquish things which once seemed terrifying."
,Recommended,283640,32742780,Posted: 24 June,all,BOLD & BRASH,"I was skeptical I would like a Dark Souls clone in a 2D format but I really wish I would have given this game a chance sooner. I've played through all the Dark Souls games ad nauseam, but nothing else has really come close to scratching the itch I've had. Finally I've found a game that does that.+World/level design is top tier.+Solid gameplay and combat feels good once you get the hang of it+Interesting bits of lore and dialogue scattered throughout the gameThere are certainly times where it has frustrated me. Sometimes this is from me playing bad, other times it was because of the gameplay itself. By and large however, all the things this game gets right completely outweigh the few frustrating moments."
76561197988920946,Recommended,283640,32893652,Posted: 27 June,all,basbOOM,very nice game.
76561198052391401,Recommended,283640,32903896,Posted: 27 June,all,Konruya,"Fantastic Souls-Lite gameplay, enough variation for creating several characters for a new experience. And the Challenges add more danger to the mix. Solid buy."
,Recommended,283640,33036441,Posted: 30 June,all,Raven33🦊,"Ok so this game is kinda great, weapons feel powerfull and there is a lot of feedback from them (be it gore, screen shake or sounds).Magic is also a viable option and you can even parry when twohanding a greatsword which is a thing I always wanted in dark souls.This game is not easy but feel realy fair and all my deaths were caused by me being clumsy, in other words no luck based deaths just your own skill."
76561198211748741,Recommended,283640,33070274,Posted: 30 June,all,Wolf Killian,"Welcome to chuck your controller across the room simulator 2.0!This dark, difficult, Soulsborne emulation, platformer, will have you back to beating your wife and kids within minutes as environmental death after environmental death drains your patience, your humanity, and your erection!Current Rating: 12/13 dead ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in a bathtub full of bleach.P.S. no need to bring your own salt...this game has got you covered.In all seriousness though I did really enjoy playing this and would recommend :D(btw for anyone even considering getting offended in any way at this...it's sarcastic in case you couldn't tell)"
76561198150157866,Recommended,283640,33025972,Posted: 29 June,all,queen's gambit,"soulstroidvania the game.runs on toasters. maybe not actual toasters, but toasters compared to the latest hardware.could be a bit longer, but still a fun 2d game.For comparison: metroid retailed around 45usd on release. This is far less and equally entertaining, if not more."
76561197964444643,Recommended,283640,33023068,Posted: 29 June,all,KungFu,Really enjoyed this game. I'm a big souls fan and this game had a very similar feel in terms of challenge concepts. The art style is great and the various classes are fun. Did 3 play throughs with co-op and had a blast.
,Recommended,283640,33100664,Posted: 1 July,all,DaddyMucho,"This game is totally worth it even without sale, im playing it right now but my body tells me ""you have to review this game first and tell all the people through out the world how awesome it is"" seriously it a dark souls/bloodborne  in a side scroll platform. ""Praise the dark soul "" and ""git gud"""
,Recommended,283640,33081553,Posted: 1 July,all,mortal,"Really good game, it's not that often that i really want to keep on playing a game until i finish it. (my backlog is more than 1500 games with gog :) )"
76561198100625883,Recommended,283640,32827080,Posted: 26 June,all,The Tubular Toucan,"Grab a friend and you are in for one of the best coop experiences of your life.Great boss battles, grim art style and atmosphere, and all around super satisfying combat and exploratiom. Well worth full price!"
,Recommended,283640,32842108,Posted: 26 June,all,PredHawK,One of the best Dark Souls Like Game i have ever Played. Love that it have a Local Co-op But hope For Online Co-Op. Realy Love this game and Recommed it to me And my Friends.
,Recommended,283640,32839988,Posted: 26 June,all,creca,"thus far on my playthrough it has been a enjoyable if not HARD experiance, this game will have you cheering with joy and screaming out every curse word you can think of, overall, a souls like game with a special charm to it, hard to understand but well peiced together lore, and pretty nicely made if not incredibly duifficult bosses, welcome to salt and santuary, leave your freetime and pure mouth at the door"
76561198002412538,Recommended,283640,32865653,Posted: 27 June,all,SKIV,10/10 Need to play if you are a souls fan
,Recommended,283640,32749047,Posted: 24 June,all,Saka,The Tree of Men suck af but the game is really nice.
,Recommended,283640,32935841,Posted: 28 June,all,Stratos,"Calling this game a ""2D dark souls"" really isn't far from the truth , unlike many other ""souls like"" (as much as I hate this term)  at least innovate on something. This game doesn't apart from being 2D, but if you come from soulsborne looking for something like it you will enjoy. And note despite being 2D you will get lost even more than in souls games. I had no idea where the bloody hell I was supposed to go 90% of the game but still loved it. I even used a game progress route direction guide because I was that lost."
76561198065607263,Recommended,283640,32960070,Posted: 28 June,all,hoohahfox,It's a good game. A metroidvania spin on dark souls.
76561198074579903,Recommended,283640,32935391,Posted: 28 June,all,Cyliz,Super fun and well made DS 2D Clone
76561198317826418,Recommended,283640,32936428,Posted: 28 June,all,danielrafaelcabrera,This is such a great game!
,Recommended,283640,32985008,Posted: 29 June,all,Flicca,"This is Dark Souls in a side scrolling gothica medium.A Great game, and better when playing 2 player couch co-op.The tech tree is suprisingly in-depth, and the game is generally unforgiving (probably not as harsh as Dark Souls though)"
76561197990151962,Recommended,283640,32981833,Posted: 29 June,all,ToastyRaven,"Where do I begin with Salt & Sanctuary...This is one of those games that takes the concept of being rewarded heavily by not dying, getting to ""checkpoints/safe zones"" to spend those rewards, to become more powerful; and is constantly referred to as the ""2D Dark Souls"". I hate to agree, but it is... and that is GREAT!!Salt & Sanctuary makes you feel alive (ironically) and forces to you to focus on your every move; whether it's movement, timing of your melee swing or dodge rolling to avoid most certain death.Yes, you may die a lot. Yes, if you die twice in a row you lose ALL ""experience"" (known as Salt) and can never regain it. Yes, you find really incredible armour but can't use it because you have to increase stats to actually have the strength to equip it and become stronger. BUT! Putting all of those positives aside, the biggest reason to head to the Store, Click Add to Cart, Put your details in and Purchase this game RIGHT NOW... is, you want more from the game as soon as you log off to do something else with your life - and THAT is powerful.No game I've played in a long while has made me want to play it more and more.I've only played through 50% of the game with about 7 hours played, but that's only as one class type (Paladin).. and there are about 7-8 total to choose from on character creation; making the game replayable on numerous levels with different play styles. There are also Challenges which I haven't even started to look at yet!Boss mechanics are great & always keep you on your feet with new twists throughout the encounters... and you just know that one tiny little undead waiting in the doorway of the last room before a Sanctuary safe zone will, infact. Kill you. :DWould recommend highly & definitely play with a Controller."
,Recommended,283640,33338566,Posted: 7 July,all,Thausael,"Salt and Sanctuary is an outstanding game with some style. It's a love letter to Metroid from her lover, Dark Souls. Game world is interesting and has good variety. Interconnectivity of game is just right. No fancy connections, but it does its job well. Game is just challenging at the start, but as you progress things are getting easier. Especially 'estus' system is making the game easier from a certain point. When you take a sip from your potion (or estus, or grass whatever) you are beginning to regenerate your health and if you get hit within the 'regeneration window' this damage heals too. It's a weird feature but i don't have any right to complain, this feature saves my life countless times in boss fights.F.V. 9/10If you love Dark Souls get it right now."
,Recommended,283640,33332147,Posted: 6 July,all,Libertygeek,Not 60 minutes in yet even but I can tell it's going to be hard in a good way.
,Recommended,283640,33332845,Posted: 6 July,all,MikeySpikeyz,"This game is excellent, the controls are smooth, the co op is such a fun time. I definitely recommend grabbing a copy of this, calling a fellow souls buddy over for a night of pizza, drinks, and death....Lots, and lots of death."
,Recommended,283640,33331094,Posted: 6 July,all,Def,i hope we'll have a DLC for this game :)
76561198062720838,Recommended,283640,33270096,Posted: 5 July,all,Zombi Homicide,Was hacking and slashing left and ♥♥♥♥ing right bodies were dropping like flies.  Got to the first boss thought he'd be a push over me and my friend got ♥♥♥♥ed harder than two drunk girls on a prom night.  12/10 Ska got me once again.
76561198285389157,Recommended,283640,33460612,Posted: 11 July,all,Exogen EmoKpecmbI,"Well, that's perfect dark souls in 2d. Very challenging rpg, that trully amazed me.Game is 10/10.Sequel is requested."
76561198079554860,Recommended,283640,33467123,Posted: 11 July,all,Leland,"This game's atmosphere, item lore, gameplay... all of it is reminiscent of my first playthrough if Demon's Souls, way back when I was playing on my Playstation 3.This game's got it all: Varied builds, tough enemies, and SALT! Bosses are challenging yet rewarding in this game, some challenge the concepts of the game you've already learned, while others force you to adopt new strategies.If you are unfamiliar to the Souls series, or to action RPG's in general, this game is challenging. You will die if you get careless, and the enemies will not give you any second chances should you mess up. However, if you are able to best the first boss(not the Unspeakable Deep, good luck with that) and enjoy it, then by all means, travel on into this strange world.I personally rate it 8/10, solid game choice if, like me, you were deciding between this and Darkest Dungeon.(I just wish there was item sorting, oh well.)"
,Recommended,283640,33440674,Posted: 10 July,all,Bumsbruder,"first of all: maybe you can compare it with Dark Souls or not this depends on your own judgement.About the game: it was fun.As Dark Souls player, i was prepared for the ""salt"" in my wounds and started off directly. it took me about 20 hours with breaks and rough exploration to finish the game in the first run, until i noticed i missed something really really important in my playthrough.well.. i started a new character and finished the game rushing with a small break in 5 hours.however, if you are familiar with the ""learning"" from Dark Souls, you should definatly check out this game. i would'nt say it's that hard. it's quite a bit challenging especially New Game+.Without spoiling too much: it was a great experience and i would recommend this game!."
,Recommended,283640,33441384,Posted: 10 July,all,Ted Dino,"Dark Souls in 2D, what's not to love"
,Recommended,283640,33495481,Posted: 12 July,all,Salty Cat Crisps,"This game is really cool! It reminds me of an in-depth version of Castlevania. I was very surprised when I started playing it. Glad I waited to get it during the 2017 summer sale, but after playing it, I would say it is worth the full price!!! It is challenging in a good way, and I plan on playing it a bunch more.It doesn't require looking up a bunch of stuff online to figure out how to play it, as it is pretty straight forward.Works very well with my Steam Controller.Very Happy I Got This Game XDThe only single gripe I have with this game is the lack of steam cloud saving... it seems like it should work, but it doesn't..."
76561198069824326,Recommended,283640,33525840,Posted: 13 July,all,mLO™,"2D Bloodborne, amazing game."
,Recommended,283640,31519449,Posted: 3 May,all,Shiverskill,"Lemme just give you a simple review.Combat is greatHaving no map sucksLove Down on your D-pad as much as it loves youAmount of loot is greatInterconnected areas is niceBosses arent too complex but are still funMusic is meh most of the timeArea design is very hit or missLeveling system is fantasticEnemy design is good for the most partA decent variety in your playstyle and build choiceThe last two areas can burn in hell with the amount of instant-death fallsCharacters and lore are okay or averageSome mechanics are not well explainedThe speed at which the names of items you pick up disappears a bit too quickly (ex. key names)Placement of Sanctuaries after bosses is a little annoying at times (game expects you to backtrack to use salts rather than advance)The Creeds are nice and unique from one anotherOverall Salt and Sanctuary is a very good Souls-like game with a few downsides such as its lore, the amount of times you use your torch to solve puzzles, lack of a map, and the last two areas of the game being FILLED with ways to fall to your death, but the game's upsides more than make up for the areas it is lacking in.In my ratings of SoulsBorne games + SaS (In terms of PvE content) I would rate it as such:BB>DaS1>SaS>DaS2>DeS>DaS3"
,Recommended,283640,31658929,Posted: 9 May,all,V0rE,"As someone who has played through this game, from start to finish, I can wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who is looking to have an incredible experience. I am a huge fan of the Dark Souls series, and I found out about this game when watching a video on good Dark Souls-like video games. It was strongly recommended in the video and it had ""very positive"" ratings on Steam, so I thought I would give it a try. I went into this game expecting it to be nothing incredible, but was more then happy to discover it was everything I was looking for and then some. Playing through this game I had the same feeling I had when playing through the first Dark Souls my very first time. I had a sense of being in a foreign land, not knowing where I was or where I was going, guesting for a reason I was not quite sure of, but still felt driven towards my ultimate goal. It was a wonderful feeling that no game has given me since then, until now. On top of that, this game also has spectacular combat, beautiful artwork, smooth animations, lovely music, interesting areas, challenging enemies, amazings weapons and armor, and limitless potential for builds. This is a game that kept me going, kept me fighting, surviving, collecting, questing, questioning, and struggling until the bittersweet end. I could not recommend this game more, whether you are a souls veteran in search of your latest trial, someone looking for a fun challenge, or just a casual gamer looking for something exciting. Salt and Sanctuary is a 10/10 indie masterpiece.TL;DR- Great game- Pretty Art/Animation/Music- Cool places to explore- Cool Stuff to kill- Amazing if you like Dark Souls"
76561197995701194,Recommended,283640,31910634,Posted: 22 May,all,BaD m0nKee,I am so stoked I bought this game.Dark Souls + Metroidvania + devs that don't hate you.Plus backflip-kicking monsters into bloody giblets.
76561197986083590,Recommended,283640,31922038,Posted: 23 May,all,Quikk,"Simple. Hard. Fun. Recommended.Reminds me of some classic NES games. Not a lot of back story, little to no instructions, a ""maze"" like map, and good game play. Spend some time, figure it out and die your way to victory!"
,Recommended,283640,26462290,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Karasaar,Very good
,Recommended,283640,34848429,Posted: 9 September,all,Ghost,2D dark souls with darkest dungeon artsyle10/10 bretty gud
76561198046971946,Recommended,283640,34886171,Posted: 11 September,all,ehjdoom,Great game.
76561197966001077,Recommended,283640,34879912,Posted: 11 September,all,whitezul,"Fantastic game, very similar to Dark Souls. If you're a fan of DS you'll enjoy!"
76561198104535134,Recommended,283640,33692154,Posted: 21 July,all,Lontum,"In many ""hard/challenging"" games, there is a part where many people struggle. Some foe or obstacle that presents a source of frustration to a great many gamers.In this game, the foe is ever-present, and fully immortal. It has no loot table, cannot take damage, and is only there to make you regret your actions leading up to your encounter with it.It is most certainly the greatest source of salt in the game though. Just not the kind you use to level up.♥♥♥♥ you, gravity."
,Recommended,283640,33644574,Posted: 18 July,all,Nihon no ryu✪,"This game is beyond amazing. Graphics, gore, difficulty, just great. People argue over character design, but I don't mind it, but everything else is just perfect. Love the bosses  and weapons so much. I think there should be a Salt and Sanctuary 2 XD. Overall great gameNote: You will also die... a lot...have fun!!"
,Not Recommended,283640,23296183,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sir Cinder,"I wanted to like this game, but I just don't. It's frustrating instead of hard. The hitboxes are awful, the controls feel unresponive, and the lack of a map makes navigating the world very confusing. The death mechanics are also poorly thought-out. When you die, you always lose 10% of your gold and you don't get it back. You also lose your salt (this game has two currencies for almost no reason) and to get your salt back, you have to kill a powered up version of  whatever killed you. On a positive note, there is an impressive amount of content in this game, lots of weapons, areas, and bosses. The art style is also good. I feel like with more polish this could be something great but as of right now, I'm not recommending it."
,Recommended,283640,33666410,Posted: 19 July,all,latteg5972,"One of the best games I have ever played. Perfect game design and level layout in combo with amazing combat and some pretty scary monsters (not to mention the epic boss fights!) keep you on your toes. Salt and Sanctuary can be very difficult and punishing, but also immensely rewarding. The only thing I can really say against the game is the lackluster music. Solid 9/10 soul-like."
,Recommended,283640,33641152,Posted: 18 July,all,Fawkzi,"It's a great game...if not a tad unfair at times though.As a fan of the souls series I can recommend this game happily. It has many, many similar mechanics and systems to what any souls fan would be used to as well as it's own little take on things. It has that same unique art style SKA studios games are known for which is a huge plus in my book.I could comment on combat mechanics, classes, EXP, leveling etc but honestly if you've played Dark Souls? You'll be right at home here as al lof it functions in pretty much the same way. The absoloutely massive skill tree was a wonderful touch though, big props for that.So it shares the same mechanics and feel of a souls game in terms of combat and exploration but does the difficulty stack up? Yes and no in my opinion. It is a difficult game, no denying that but at times that difficulty is a tad unfair due to one simple thing; enemies can hit you when you are defencless on the ground and you'll find yourself on the ground quite often, especially if you are new to this type of game.If you play as the lighter classes you'll get hit, you'll get knocked down and it takes about a second to get up which doesn't seem like that much but when against bosses that deal high damage that second can and more often than not will kill you. With some bosses as well there are attacks specifically set up for you to take what can feel like unavoidable damage.The earliest and most frustrating example of this is the very first boss. In his second phase he will use an attack that sends a wave of electricty across the floor both in front of him and behind him. You can block this and get staggered while taking a bit of damage, you can not out run it as the attack covers the entire arena regardless of the boss' position. You can jump this attack to avoid all damage from it but this is something the developer counts on you to do as when you jump you will be caught mid air by the next attack which is a leaping sword slash. You can not avoid this in mid air so it feels like no matter what you are taking damage with no real way to avoid it and that just feels like bad game design to me.Also the ""Tree of Man"" is one of the worst designed bosses in video game history.This game seems to suffer from what so many other ""difficult"" games suffer from and that is difficulty for the sake of difficulty rather than the souls series difficulty as a result of good game design. Sometimes with S&S it will feel like you're fighting more against the games own mechanics than you are the enemies.That isn't the only issue however, the next issue is the soundtrack. It's barely even there. The music in the sanctuary (Basically mini firelink shrines dotted all over the world) is the exact same no matter what part of the world you are in or what covenant you are apart of, the boss soundtrack is just two pieces of music and the only music you'll hear while exploring is a very low volume looped guitar rif. This is a damned shame seeing as their previous games have all had a pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack.Apart from that though the game is amazing and you'll get hours upon hours of fun out of it. I really hope they delve in to this type of game again and give us a sequel or at the very least a brand new title of the same soulslike genre."
76561197998904301,Recommended,283640,33809762,Posted: 26 July,all,Six,"An excellent indie hommage to Dark Souls. It's not as desperate, but it's more gory and gritty. I enjoyed everything about it: the atmosphere, the action, the weapons, the monsters. The main story gets abandonned along the way, but the few characters encountered all have an interesting story (and the scarecrow is a great idea).I have one negative thing to say, which is more of a warning. Do not play the most efficient builds (2-handed great maces/axes/swords or magic). The first half of the game will be fun, but the end is easy to the point of being broken, even when limiting leveling."
76561198172154907,Recommended,283640,33843039,Posted: 27 July,all,Darkest Souls,"This game is pretty cool. If you like Dark Souls, buy it, just make sure to rebind some keys so you don't kill yourself."
,Recommended,283640,33844649,Posted: 27 July,all,TurkeyGoo,"Faithful recreation of the Souls series in 2D, with a bit of Metroidvania thrown in. Clever, fun and addictive. Plays pretty much exactly as you'd expect, with quite a good bit of skill and gear choices. Some annoying decisions, like a lack of minimap, some aggravating platforming, and a watered-down skill tree with no respec option. Overall, still very fun."
76561198277381418,Recommended,283640,33848174,Posted: 27 July,all,Fuzzy Empanadas,"I totally love Salt and Sanctuary and highly recommend it.Pros:-This game gives you total freedom over how you create and advance your character. This gives it enormous replay value. This freedom becomes very important when you need to use certain types of weapons or magic to beat and enemy or a boss.-This game offers challenge, but it still feels fair, and it is easy to improve by doing things over and over again.-It's very addictive-The platforming aspect is well done and really enjoyable.Cons:-The soundtrack is blah and only offers about 2 songs, a boss theme and a ""song"" they play everywhere else.-It's very addictive-When playing with keyboard and mouse, some menus can be really annoying to open and you may want to personalize keys to your liking.Overall, this game deserves a 9.1/10 and a would recommend."
76561198350545031,Recommended,283640,33920774,Posted: 30 July,all,Vamnallo,"This game chewed me up, spat me out, and blasted freaky magic at whatever remained. And I hate how much I loved it for doing that!"
76561198055514368,Recommended,283640,31832984,Posted: 18 May,all,SpiffyMcBU,It's ok
,Recommended,283640,33956339,Posted: 1 August,all,Zifre,"You know you have a good souls like game when you cry yourself to sleep every night because you can't beat a boss, just to come back for more the next day!At first I wasn't sold on the game art, but after a while it grows on you. If you are a fan of dark souls, this one is for you.PS: It needs a map"
76561198066983814,Recommended,283640,33972187,Posted: 2 August,all,Uncle Skeet,"For an indie game, this translate what made the first Dark Souls great. For a game made basiclly by two people, this is mind blowing. It's a great metroidvania with RPG elements that change how the player approaches enemies and bosses.Great game."
,Recommended,283640,33986273,Posted: 2 August,all,Siersha,"I don't do reviews often, but the awesome that is Salt and Sanctuary forced my hand. It is essentially the metroidvania 2D version of darksouls. You will die. A lot. And, you're going to despise every moment of it. However, there are balance disparrities in the game for the sake a challenge for the players. I've only beaten the game after multiple characters, watching speed runs, and 23 hours invested. Great game, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,283640,28629570,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Grand Dad,"I just want to do a summary, and also ask that you don't dislike this review simply because it disagrees with you. We good? Let's hope so.Here it is ---Platforming: 5.1/10Map design: 5.7/10Art design: 9/10Combat: 5.3/10Sound design: 6.7/10Progression: 4.6/10Verdict: 6.1/10The game fails in a lot of areas, and the genres of metroidvania, and soulslike, just don't work well together. Not to mention the game feels a lot of the time like it's hard because they made it to be hard, instead of being like Dark Souls, which is only hard because you aren't very good at it. This game has some really annoying and ♥♥♥♥♥ily designed bosses, and obnoxious traps all over the place that do massive damage and a lot of the time you don't even notice them until it hits you.tl;dr, just play Dark Souls"
76561197994455302,Recommended,283640,34125532,Posted: 9 August,all,Risupress,"The game has a lot of great things going for it. Great customization, fun gameplay, and challenging bosses. I hesitate to thumbs up this game inspite of its greatness.While it borrows a lot of cool mechanics and inspiration from the Dark Souls games, it causes a lot of ""fake"" difficulty in the form of tedium. Most of the game can be breezed through if you care to look up ANY information on the game, so I highly recommend going in blind. There isn't a map in this game which can cause real problems when getting lost. It is almost as if the developer(s) WANT you to spoil the game for yourself.The platforming sections are more than frustrating at times, and the constant death to fall damage seems rather limiting and unnecessary in a metroidvania type game. Unless you know what you're doing, you are going to die quite a lot, and the larger enemies take a lot of time to kill. Most of the time, it ends up being about abusing position rather than combat, which makes this game tedious and slow to play.There is also a distinct lack of music which is replaced by atmospheric sounds. Some may prefer this as it adds to immersion, but I personally don't. I often times just ended up playing my own music. I wish they would have added music for different areas as the environments are absolutely stunning.Don't let my gripes dissuade you however. This game is well worth its price, and will scratch any metroidvania fan's itch."
,Recommended,283640,34139102,Posted: 9 August,all,Why do my parents beat me,It's good. Buy It.I would've preferred a bit more unique boss themes however.But I'm not so far into it. So who knows
76561198044136590,Recommended,283640,24414559,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Shade,"Great game, tons of replay value for different classes, variety of skills and combat types, non-repetitive boss fights, and overall feels very satisfying killing things"
76561198054158281,Recommended,283640,34170994,Posted: 11 August,all,El Niggo Blanco,"Its fun, but it can feel clunky and buggy at times. And yes, this is just like dark souls but a 2D verson. Well done bosses (some) but its a cheep game, so I would recommend it anyway."
76561198095793159,Recommended,283640,34148527,Posted: 10 August,all,Le Poulet Vengeur,An amazing adventur with plenty replayability. If you like dark fantasy and a souls style of game play you will love Salt and Sanctuary
,Recommended,283640,26204416,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ennyweeny,"Alright. I like the game but i will vote no simply because whoever made this REALLY needs to take another look at his boss designs.In this game you will fight ""hard"" bosses. By hard a mean that they basically have undodgeable attack and combos that will one shot you. To win certain boss fights you'll have to rely on luck and nothing else. They wanted to make a Souls like game but they clearly missed the most important part, rewarding skill and punishing button mashing.This game will punish you either way. For example; There is a boss in this game that will summon an orb that shoots out projectiles, if one hits you - you die. Now that sounds kind of bad right? It gets better. While this orb is quite easy to deal with alone, she can also use a machine gun skill, right? And if she's outside of a running distance - you die. Now this would be simple to do.. If she didn't fly.. OUT OF THE MAP. She can fly out of the map area, meaning that you'll be stuck at an invisible wall and you WILL die simply because there is literally nothing you can do about it.And that's just one such example. I could bring up 10 more. The game concept is good but the execution is poorly done and you're not left with that souls feeling where if you lose you feel as if it was your own fault, in this game you feel that the game is punishing you for doing what you're supposed to do.Despite this, i do recommend this game. It's plenty challenging, many good boss designs and it is fun. You will get really annoyed at times though."
76561198127059779,Recommended,283640,34141214,Posted: 10 August,all,tkdboy12,I never knew being a mysterious cleric could be so lucrative.
,Recommended,283640,34209176,Posted: 13 August,all,Narc Twain,"Wow. What a phenominal game.uhhhhhh:visually appealingcontroller breakingly difficultcomplexly designedentertaining soulslikecryptic storyfluid game mechanicsengaging as hellJust play through until the end, the final boss battle alone is worth the money.10/10I want a sequel"
,Recommended,283640,34243834,Posted: 14 August,all,DrNo1,This game is on my Top 10 favorite games everYou guysMUSTdo another one like thisGreat job!
,Recommended,283640,34260958,Posted: 15 August,all,dontgoemo,"I do like Dark Souls and Salt and Santuary is basically Dark Souls but 2D. Mechically it functions exaclty the same but with a passive skill tree bolted on. You upgrade your level and with that you get points to unlock nodes on the tree. The tree grants increased physical/magic damage, increased stamina, increased endurance and increased health potions ect. If you need that Dark Souls fix this will hold you over till the next game."
76561198244965052,Recommended,283640,34314591,Posted: 17 August,all,Wottlebuffaloe,"Imagine if Dark Souls was a side scroller, all of that anger inducing BS, I recommend this game ten times over!"
76561198331392763,Recommended,283640,34544086,Posted: 27 August,all,jacksonwolkins16,"Controls great. Fun, challenging, engaging combat. Lots of freedom in character developement.Exploring is a blast. Atmosphere and art style are amazing."
,Recommended,283640,34533876,Posted: 27 August,all,U m m a,"This game is amazing. Through my experience it has never not been a challenge and like dark souls ""You will hate this game until you beat me"". 10/10"
,Recommended,283640,34528668,Posted: 27 August,all,poopyhead,You might scoff at my time in the game I have but I had this game when I played on my ps4 and it's still pretty good obviously and sets a precedent for the metroidvania style. Along with being one of the toughest games I played in a while (dont worry I played Dark Souls too and this still holds up).
,Recommended,283640,24297725,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lordless Kingdom,+ Great Art Design+ Good Soundtrack+ Good Local Multiplayer+ Near Perfect Challenge-Lighting Could've been better-Less Replayable due to Unbalanced NG+Summary:SALT AND SANCTUARY is an overall fantastic Souls Clone that delivers its challenge perfectly by bringing some smart ideas and through great designScore: 8.5/10
76561197992205124,Recommended,283640,29766306,Posted: 7 February,all,sherstillo,Dark Souls + 2D platformer = Salt and Sanctuary
,Recommended,283640,34699231,Posted: 2 September,all,worthlesstangent,"Amazing art style, good combat system, challenging but not overbearing gameplay, diverse character build options.Really, a fantastic game.  Would recommend you play this today.My biggest complaint was that last boss was literally no challenge.  That lake witch though... ouch.9/10"
,Recommended,283640,34921006,Posted: 13 September,all,nmwhitehead,"I've never been super good at Soulslikes and bought this game because I thought playing a 2D version would help me get a feel for how to play them better. It has quickly become my favorite Soulslike. Runs smooth, even on mediocre PCs. The background art ranges from pretty good to borderline jaw dropping. Enemy designs looks amazing.The only complaints I have are that the lack of clear path led to me fighting a high level boss too early, making me over leveled for earlier bosses when I went back and the fact that there is no map feature in the game, which is honestly really annoying."
,Recommended,283640,34945269,Posted: 14 September,all,¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥,veryy guudd
76561198017469950,Recommended,283640,34236873,Posted: 14 August,all,Headpipe,"Game is Fun to Play, nice looking Weapons,a lot of Sercrets to find, cool Graphic, difficult Game and Hard Boss Fights, u can create ur own build with different Weapons. Overall its a rly great Game. I just saw 1 bad thing - 1. balance between the Builds (Mage Build is Op like Hell and i.e. Dagger Build is weak and Hard to Play)"
,Recommended,283640,29990596,Posted: 17 February,all,KND,"2d darksouls, iz very gud."
76561198076311823,Recommended,283640,35237290,Posted: 27 September,all,Grantholomeu,"Amazingly creative and dark. Salt and Sanctuary is easily referred to as a 2D dark souls in playstyle.However I would argue that the artstyle and creativity behind many of the bosses is even better than Dark Souls. My roommate actually pointed out that upon seeing a boss for the first time, more often than not I would just sigh and say ""F*** that's cool..."" Gameplay is fluid and adaptable.Only minor complaint. It's hard to figure out where to go sometimes. I actually looked up a map someone had made for this game, and found out I had actually skipped like 4 areas. Usually you would be able to go back, but only if you had done something at the Sanctuaries (checkpoints) which I didn't know about either. I had dropped down into a new area and had no way up so I couldn't return. That being said I think I was underleveled for a bit.Still a very strong game both in style and gameplay."
,Recommended,283640,35268611,Posted: 28 September,all,!?,"Difficult, but satisfying.  Good fighting system.  Interesting and puzzling paths keep you coming back for more."
76561197994608596,Recommended,283640,34980341,Posted: 15 September,all,Dura,"My first impressions of this game were poor, I found the art style uninspiring and the controls awkward. But after revisiting the game recently I utterly fell in love with it. Phenomenal game, one of the best I’ve played in a long time."
,Recommended,283640,34997330,Posted: 16 September,all,Foibleson,"Good game for playing with your child or friend, also good alone but not as much. Try with two controllers.Similar ideas to Dark Souls but 2 D and actually quite a large game world, it's easy to get lost in it."
,Recommended,283640,35023640,Posted: 17 September,all,Calculated. | eSports,"Pretty much a one to one translation of Dark Souls into 2D. The design of the areas, bosses, weapons etc. are great. Greatshields pretty much trivialise the late game though, so probably don't use them on your first playthrough."
76561198135493999,Recommended,283640,35026134,Posted: 17 September,all,Q8mmoo,best 2d game for year 2016
76561198054316613,Recommended,283640,35035938,Posted: 17 September,all,E-Dragon,"This game is an incredibly well made transition of Dark Souls from 3D in 2D.While you are in only 2 dimensions, this game adds platforming to make it more interesting and also adds metroidvania like elements, where you gain new abilities to progress further.The only negative points for this game are that the controls are sometimes cluncy and there are only very few soundtracks, but at least they are good.Everything else is as well done as you would expect from a good 2D Dark Souls game."
,Recommended,283640,35355611,Posted: 30 September,all,Chris,"One of my favourite ""souls-like"" genre (end my life)"
76561198043828042,Recommended,283640,35358179,Posted: 30 September,all,revolutionvolk,"Great coop experience, replicating the Dark Souls formula in a cool way. Had a lot of fun with it. Be sure to bring a friend!The only big minus for me is that you really need a guide to traverse the game world, since the map can be really confusing at times."
,Recommended,283640,35388692,Posted: 1 October,all,StretchDude,finished it and hoping for part 2.
76561198079253795,Recommended,283640,35412454,Posted: 2 October,all,Ramirez,"Yes, it does take a lot from FromSoftwares Dark Souls series, but that is not a bad thing. I couldn't think of a better way to import the Souls series into 2D than what this game did.The lore, the gameplay, the atmosphere and story is A+ for an indie game as this. Seriously, the story is as good as the one in Dark Souls and just as convoluted. It's worth its price, and more. I consider this a souls game, and being made by 2 persons is just impressive."
