user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198028055098,Recommended,284050,12685197,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,qtmounts,"This is my very first steam review, so bear with me. At the time of writing this review, I have had zero hours played of this game IN STEAM. While I have not played this game through steam, I have played through it at least five times in the past straight from the disk. I can say without a doubt that this is my favorite point and click game. Not only is it simple, but it has a compelling story, some very creepy elements, and is overall a well thought out, and well balanced horror game.First of all, the story of this game is very immersive. It really puts you into the protagonist's shoes and makes you want him to progress and find whatever it is that he needs to find. (Trying to avoid any and all spoilers in this) This tactic of turning you into the protagonist really compells you to progress in the game.A good point to also make is that the characters in this game are all VERY diverse. There are a wide range of individuals in this game, and they are truly individuals. They have their own voice, action set, and personality. This makes the game seem realistic no matter how crazy it all seems.True Horror. This game isn't a new game, obviously. It is before all of this jump scare nonsense. A lot of people can't stand them, and I am one of them. Instead of throwing things at your face, his game uses it's storyline while constantly and consistently sprinkling creepy people, places, and ideas to get under your skin and really make your heart pump.The music in this game is very good in my opinion. It adds a lot of subtle creepy tones to the game that couldn't be attained with such a magnificent soundtrack.You may see point and click and think ""Too easy. I would be done in minutes."" This isn't the speedrun kind of game. It actually has given me some difficulty. The game really makes you think about what needs to be done next.Puzzles, puzzles, puzzles! This game has many uniquely puzzling puzzles. It has just enough to make your brain work without bringing you out of the game's atmosphere.Overall, I think this game is very well worth the five dollars that I payed for it on sale even though I know the story by heart and all the places to click are stored in my brain. I honestly can't think of anything negative to say about this game. I have loved it for years upon years and I will keep loving it as the simple, yet eerie and enjoyable game that will stay in my heart forever.TL:DR:Well structured game.Good cheap horror title.Great character development.Perfect music.Challenging.Great puzzles.And creepy as all hell!Thank you for reading. I really suggest this game to anyone looking for horror, point and click, casual, adventure, or creep-me-out kind of games. The developers from the past really deserve a pat on the back for this masterpiece.EDIT: It was requested that I speak more specifically about the story in my review. Hopefully this helps some of you.In this game, you wake up in an insane asylum after a tragic car accident. You have amnesia and can not remember your name, why you are there, or many details about your own life and the world around you. You explore different planes of reality and even fantasy to learn the details of your life and why you woke up in the asylum.I suppose this summary kind of dumbs down the amazingly integrated and intruiging plot of the game, but don't let my horrible preview fool you. The story may seem unrelatable and maybe even boring to some of you, (Trying to figure out your past, present, and future) but once you begin to play this game, you will instantly feel otherwise. I hope this bit helps some of you decide on purchasing this game."
,Recommended,284050,12685690,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dougie Jones,"About time this got a Steam release! One of the most immersive point & click adventure games ever released, Sanitarium offers an extremely thick atmosphere, excellently voiced dialogue and a plot that will keep anyone who appreciates a good, abstract story on the edge of their seats.In Sanitarium you play the role of a patient, bound in rags with no immediate recollection of who or where he is but soon finds himself in a very twisted and obscure world, far different to our own in which he must converse with interesting characters, seek answers to riddles and solve puzzles in hopes of finding an answer to the madness which surrounds him.Not much can be said about Sanitarium without taking away from this unique experience other than it’s an extremely solid point & click adventure game for both hardcore and newcomers to the genre and one of the most memorable experiences in all my years of gaming.This Steam version works well, my only current complaint, as far as my knowledge, being that you cannot choose the aspect ratio but other than that everything is intact here! Very interesting game that I could easily recommend to people that have never played anything from the genre."
,Recommended,284050,12690049,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BoomboxPrime,"The moment I spotted this on Steam, I instantly purchased it.  After what seems like an eternity, Sanitarium is finally on Steam. Currently, I have the CD (3 discs + insert) sitting right next to me, and the GOG version installed and bookmarked through my library (not anymore).I used to play this game several times a week, just because it was so engrossing. When this game released, it came at time when Point-and-Clicks were fading out (post-LucasArts and Sierra), so it became somewhat of a cult game.This is one of my all time favorite games, providing an eclectic variety of atmospheres, horrors, and oddities. Between the isometric view, diverse scenes, the ominous soundtrack, clever puzzles, and amazing storyline, Sanitarium has always stood out.  I most definitely recommend this game.""Youth hides the key to Salvation."""
,Recommended,284050,12698807,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SILPH,"This is one of the reasons why 1998 was ""The Ultimate Year"" of gaming. You must be insane if you haven't visited Sanitarium yet and you should be treated ASAP!"
,Recommended,284050,12745916,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lacrima,"The very first time I played this game the year was 1998. And since then, I have been speaking about this game as one of a kind, ahead of its time whether it be the graphics or the storyline. Like me, I am quite certain a number of gamers would title this game as one of the milestones in their gaming history.The graphics of the game might not be as enticing as some of the games that are available in these days. Even if the general atmosphere of the game is horror, do not expect to be ""scared"", however, you might find yourself very disturbed while playing it. The game uses many cliché horror elements successfully.The puzzles are very cleverly designed yet not too obvious nor too hard. The general story takes the player from an asylum to an abandoned bizarre village without any adults but only populated by deformed children, from a spin at a run-down circus to the pages of a sci-fi comic book until finalizing in an Aztec Temple. Regardless of how surreal the plot-line may seem, the ending is quite rational explaining it all.This game has been one of my favourite games to this day, and I am quite certain hands down its story-line still will be one of the most intellectually written computer game stories, past and future.There are sadly some downsides for the gaming equipment of today - the game crashes if the subtitles are enabled in the cinematics, and movement is not very precise compared to the modern day games. Apart from these two minor but very tolerable downsides this game is a must-have for any point&click and story rich adventure gamer."
76561198114968490,Recommended,284050,32558891,Posted: 18 June,all,aaronts,"One of THE best designed games of all time. Not just ""the early times"", I mean ever.The settings, the voice acting, the puzzles...all top rate.It's got humor and a creepy atmosphere. I loved how the protagonist reacted with everyone. The plot is the best i've seen in a long time. The game never crashed once, and the saves were available. The dialog was enjoyable, but could be skipped if you wanted to.It will go down as one of the true classics."
76561197985301155,Recommended,284050,12685456,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kain,"Surreal. Atmospheric. Mystical. One of the best Russian dabbing.Each new chapter in this story, will pull you further into the abyss of madness.If you love the intricate and atmospheric story, plot of which lies somewhere on the border of the real world and your subconscious, then welcome in to dark corners of your mind wich called as... ""Sanitarium"".For those who are familiar with this game for a long time, it may become one of the doors which will take you back to the old days when we all have been a little bit younger."
,Recommended,284050,15320843,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Sanitarium is a point-and-click adventure game released by the now-defunct DreamForge Intertainment back in 1998. The story is quite engaging: our protagonist has a car accident after which he wakes up in an asylum. He does not know how he got there nor does he remember what happened to him (let alone his name).If you look at the pictures on the store page you can clearly see not every event takes place in reality - our hero goes through various environments impersonating different persons throughout different ages (or planes, if you will). It makes the story a bit convoluted but eventually you will get all pieces of the puzzle together.Oh, puzzles! Normally, you have a couple of items in your inventory and making a progress is fairly easy but from time to time you need to solve puzzles. These require some finesse and you do not get the help you would in today's games.Sanitarium is a good game but aged much throughout the years. Since the story is still interesting and some of the artwork looks haunting (the game gradually gets under your skin without having any jump scares) I can recommend it not just to those people who used to own this game but also to those who loved the genre back in the '90s.PS: I played it upon its release when it crashed frequently. An update not long ago was applied which seems to have eliminated all the CTDs completely."
,Recommended,284050,12688032,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,#Darkitecht,"I haven't finished on steam yet but I've spent countless hours on my uncle's pc during the 90's (that and Baldur's Gate).So this review is for my childhood's point of view.The game uses a 3rd person view perspective(...but who?). The player must find his path while travelling in the real world, the world of his mind or in-between. All that, while interacting with other npc's or solving puzzles.The eerie atmosphere (plus the ost), the dark scenario and the fact that this game released back in '97 ,or so, makes this game unique, or even better one of the best point & click horror/mystery games of all times."
,Recommended,284050,16027151,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,mmm!5NATCH,"Sanitarium is a beautifully dark and surreal point and click adventure game with a great story line.Use your mouse to click where to take your character, interact with objects or talk with people.  The music locks in so well with every setting you visit and be prepared for some some odd and strange visuals along the way. You'll encounter some puzzles which range from different difficulties, Some may be too easy and some may be rather cryptic leaving you crawling for a walk thru online somewhere. But along its unique environments, freaky music and unsettling atmosphere the story is constructed well, You'll begin with very little and most likely a lot of confusion but as you play onward, bit by bit the pieces come together and you'll be curious to learn more as you venture further more.The only down parts I would mention would be the voice acting can be a little bit silly, There are many characters to interact with (I think there's an achievement for talking to all of them but I didn't get it) and most of them scattered amongst the levels will just repeat the same content as many other characters in the level you are in. While it's not the exact same dialog, It'll leave you a tad frustrated because you've heard it nearly 5 times before and you get to the point of reading the subtitles faster than they've finished speaking their first sentence.  Also, the walking controls can sometimes get stuck, walking is often quite slow and since you have to travel back and forth on most levels, it can feel like a drag or an effort to move around.Sanitarium should be welcomed by the modern gamer for its different style of gameplay that has somewhat gone a bit quiet these days. There's some 'Random' games out there but nothing like the twisted and weird games which only the famous retro games on MS-dos and PC back in the day delivered. It's well admired from the retro gamers world wide and now, maybe its time for you to hook it up and indulge in a classic world with the nostalgia style of game play that entertained many of years"
,Recommended,284050,13620803,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Giraffodil,"Old school, creepy, satisfying."
76561197986888948,Recommended,284050,12687695,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,johanhoog,Youth hides the key to salvation
,Recommended,284050,12715656,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,4k avg = i core i 5.5k,"I played and enjoyed Sanitarium back in early 2000 as a kid, and let me say this: The game has aged just fine. Although rough-looking for a game in 2014/2015, Sanitarium more than makes up for it with its well written AND spoken dialogue, story that is rivaled by few in the genre, and the atmosphere is absolutely perfect.But before I begin to praise Sanitarium even more, I must warn you of one thing that the game really fails at -- its controls. More specifically, the movement of the main character. You move at a crawl and you really have to shove your mouse with some authority to get the direction you want. In fact, some parts of the game have you crawling around (of course not literally, you're walking) for several minutes if you have to backtrack, which will happen on your first playthrough. I can understand the slow movement may be annoying for people who are used to modern games where characters often have the ability to run around, but not in this game. You're going to have to walk around and backtrack. Sorry.Anyways, now that the bad is out of the way, a quick list of pros.- Great horror atmosphere. The ambiance, chillingly good voice acting of some characters, the music, the details in areas you'll explore. Good stuff here.- Extremely captivating story. If by the 2nd chapter you're getting bored I'd be surprised.- As the steam description says, ""...this timeless point-and-click horror game is a must-have for adventure game fans.""Couldn't have put it better myself.In short, if you like point-and-click horror adventure games and don't mind a character that moves around a little bit slow, then this game is definitely for you."
76561198019031970,Recommended,284050,31702901,Posted: 12 May,all,SoSickOfThisInternetGaming,"I've been a fan of this game for a long time but I'm going to try to give it a fair and thorough review. (Content warnings at the end). Despite its lack of story choices, single ending, and short play time (11 hours) I feel Sanitarium has a lot of replay value because the story is compelling, well written, and fun to come back to.Even after all these years I think the story still stands out from other horror games. It starts out in a bizarre asylum that looks more like a castle than a mental hospital. The player character has no memory of anything before this point but seems to be a patient in the asylum. As you progress through the game things continue to get stranger and reality quickly becomes uncertain.Amnesia is a common trope in horror and I've seen it used artlessly many times. The writers us it well here and don't expect it to do the work for them. While the main character recovering his identity is part of the story there is much more going on and far higher stakes than just his own well being.The game has a creepy and sometimes ominous atmosphere. There are a lot of disturbing concepts and scenes in the game and much of the time what is real isn't certain. Reality seems to lie in one direction, and then another, and another as you make your way through nightmarish places all marked by imminent yet unseen threats, insanity, and disease. Over the chapters the truth is slowly revealed and it's notably different from what I find in most horror games.On the technical side of things: the controls are clunky and sometimes irritating. I don't like holding down the right mouse button to move my character and I wish the walking speed was faster. I had some problems activating staircases by accident. There were a few times when I ended up walking up and down the stairs several times before I could escape. I found I couldn't activate objects when my character was standing behind them. The game thought I was clicking on my character and brought up the inventory instead. Cinematics are also very easy to skip by accident. Other than that the game seems to have no problems.The game has a very basic combat system which is used infrequently. The player is temporarily given an improvised weapon and must click accurately on enemies to kill them. The combat controls are clunky but combat isn't too difficult once you figure out the trick to it.The puzzles in the game are fairly simple; especially in early levels. In the last few levels the difficulty goes up noticeably. The types of puzzles vary a lot but are fairly standard: numerical codes, item hunts, mechanical puzzles, social puzzles, simple codes, riddles, and mazes. These puzzles are based on knowledge provided to the player in game and here are usually plenty of clues for major puzzles.In terms of graphics and sound the game has not aged well. The graphics are pixelated and fuzzy. The cinematics actually hold up pretty well but have black lines that are distracting on newer monitors. The animations for 3D models seem good. The game's sound is tinny all round. That said, the voice acting is decent. Its seems like the actors really gave it their all and had fun doing it. The music is atmospheric and variously maddening, creepy, beautiful, and haunting.Content Warnings and Spoilers.There are gory scenes usually of dead bodies, medical horror, mentions of suicide, depictions of “circus freaks” and deformed people as monsters, child abuse, child death, mentions of domestic violence, cruelty to animals, and inexpert depictions of mental illness for both horror and humor."
,Recommended,284050,12841096,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zuluf,"If trippy point and click adventure games are the poison of your choice, you simply cannot have gone through the 90s without ever hearing about Sanitarium. Building entire psychotic worlds over the depressing backdrop, Sanitarium manages to tap into the grotesque, eccentric and sometimes funny subconscious of its protagonist, Max, without losing focus of the meta narrative. It is a rare example of elaborate storytelling that I would argue transcends the video gaming medium and becomes what some refer to as high art. While not particularly long and as linear as a film, Sanitarium delivers the sort of single-serving experience that captures its audience while insanity takes over and the worlds you visit meld into a carnival of metaphors. The puzzles are easy enough to give the plot pacing while the overarching themes give your bandage-faced hero a sense of mental consistence, in spite of all the craziness.BUY IT if you:-Collect classic gems.-Do not know what a 586 is, but love stuff like Jacob's Ladder and Shutter Island.-Do not feel deterred by isometric 1998 graphics when looking for your mystery fix.DO NOT BUY IT if you:-Expect a great deal of gaming hours out of the money you spend on games.-Are neither nostalgic nor curious about oldies but goldies in the realm of adventure gaming.-Demand difficult puzzles and think anything less than The Dig is a waste of your analythical brilliance."
76561198152487474,Recommended,284050,13628677,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Szinanim,Classic. Positively psychodelic. Properly twisted. Highly recommended.
76561198112866114,Recommended,284050,30768634,Posted: 27 March,all,kyzka,"A 1998 point and click adventure originally created by an American company known as DreamForge Intertainment which unfortunately no longer exists and later thanks to a French company known as Dot Emu (http://www.dotemu.com/) was ported to Steam and other mediums with achievements added.While the game is no doubt dated graphically, the game has stood the test of time thanks to its superlative and artistic use of storytelling. Unlike cheap jump scares used in many stories today, the main story here and many of its sub plots concentrate on having the gamer enthralled with concepts teetering in the morbid and with adult themes that constantly confounds you with the creepy and bizarre mysteries that make you want to push forward and learn more.The Main story follows a man that has stolen a male nurse’s car from an Asylum accidentally plummeting it off a cliff while he drove down a mountainous and dangerous road. Next thing you know, is that you’re simply back in the Asylum from which you were fleeing, this time in one of its Gothic towers surrounded by patients that seem to be on the loose and guards that are nowhere to be found. To add to the mystery you have no recollection exactly who you are and your face is completely rolled up in bandages. As you begin to chat with the various patients each telling you their bizarre encounter stories and delusions, you eventually find yourself experiencing those same dreams and stories first hand, even changing characters as you do so. How is this possible? Why do you have a connection with each patient in that tower?Each sub plot will take you to a quirky landscape, filled with its own dark stories and secrets. For instance a village filled with deformed children, a preacher with a following of wooden mannequins, a circus being terrified of the sea and a god whose people no longer give obeisance too. As you gradually push forward through each, you will be rewarded with flashbacks and the eventual fill in the blank sections of memory loss. While many Hollywood such stories usually end with a cheap supernatural idea that you’re simply dead and experiencing some sort of afterlife, instead this story rewards you by exposing how the various idiosyncratic common threads of each sub plot connects to your main characters real life.The puzzles, the randomness, the character development is so perfectly balanced that you will probably even forget your playing a point and click adventure. In short if you’re a little crazy and you like the creepy, this is a nuthouse you should enjoy. I know I did because I finally found people crazier than I.On a side note: If you enjoy this game you should enjoy 'Stasis' it’s considered to be Sanitarium's spiritual successor. Though I must admit I have not played it myself yet. Below is the first chapter to see if this point and click horror game has a story which you might enjoy.https://youtu.be/YlTq7zmGEzA"
,Recommended,284050,25795921,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,galahadhk,"Nevermind the cliche story of a guy waking up in an asylum with anmensia. That's just the beginning. The real story is a treat filled with twists and turns and subplots that complement it nicely. Add the great graphics, sounds and the right difficulty for puzzles and you get an underrated classic."
,Recommended,284050,12697070,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mango,"I played this game many years ago and was pleasantly surprised by how well story was crafted. Plenty of twists and turns to keep you interested in seeing where it all leads. While the puzzles were fairly straightforward, if a bit clunky, the game itself is memorable for its atmosphere and characters. Looking forward to replaying this."
76561198109547194,Recommended,284050,12698534,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,baal-amiga,"The gog version crashes after 5 mins of playing on my w7 64 bit, butthis version runs fine!Load/save game operations works too.Anyway, buy it: the dark atmosphere eats you.One negative thing is the poor moving/controlling of the character."
,Recommended,284050,12701024,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Wasteland Warrior,"Sanitarium, a game that is not known by many, but the ones who do know the game (played the game), will never forget.Explaining this game without any spoilers is pretty hard but I will try anyways. I suggest you don't watch a lot of screenshots or gameplay before playing.Many years ago, a friend of mine bought the game and installed it on my PC for me to play. At that time I didn't play a lot of Point 'n click games yet. A few games I did play were games like Broken Sword, Myst and Put-Put (yes I know...), imagine what my thoughts were when I launched this game.Sanitarium takes you on a journey of a man who suffers from amnesia and tries to discover his own identity. The game is a point 'n click psychological-horror adventure with a top down view.Right from the beginning the game drops you into a world of weirdness and sickness and it only get's worse the game progresses. Pretty much every character in the game is either crazy, weird, deformed, non-human or a combination of those. You will have to solve puzzles and find items like any other point 'n click game.Sanitarium is a game that's certainly not for everyone. The game obviously has aged over the years and it's far from perfect but the unique story and world makes this a game you will not soon forget, if you can look passed it's flaws. :)"
,Recommended,284050,20884873,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Catric,"Men when you play games like this, you know that it's something big because you are feeling it.-Unique Graphics, just amazingly surprising because you don't need those but this game is in another level. Insane how you feel the madness of the people and other things around you only because the story is amazing-Gameplay, point and click in a map full of puzzles, an unknown story. The characters around you will help you to discover what's next. And believe me or not, they will screw your mind. A little bit hard sometimes, but this is what i call a living experience (or something like that, i don't speak english)Anyway there's more-Story, Sanitarium is the craziest thing ever. It's a MAD HOUSE! You're trying to talk with crazy people, you're sane and no one likes you, because they aint normal persons. Just discover what's the matter! Why all around you are trying to hide like WTF!-Atmosphere, this is my personal section, this game IS ATMOSPHERE that's right!For it's age, i highly recommend this game like one of the games i have ever played.Masterpiece 10/10-metacritic 2013-"
,Recommended,284050,12758850,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rottin,"TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME, ONE OF THE BEST HORROR ADVENTURES EVER!Longer version:This game is cult classic, ironically not known by many gamers. I remember demo that I played in 1998, which was first episode in asylum tower, after fifteen minutes I knew I had to own this game, so I bought it.Back then everything about Sanitarium was simply flawless, locations were beautyful in the eerie, horrific way, voice acting- perfect, sounds and music-unique and integrated with rest of the game, animation and most of all the movies. Oh my god, the movies! They were fantastic back in the day, they were so goddamn good it wasn't even strange that developers decided to put an option of replaying already watched parts in the main menu.But enough about technical aspects, since they aged (but with  dignity, they're not hurting my eyes today). Sanitarium begins with a man talking via phone on his way to car. He's excited that he finally discovered something, and tells person on the other end of the line, that he will tell all when he'll get back home. So he drives, but becaeuse of his anxiety drives too fast and on the turn car flip out of the road. Next thing you know your (because thats you, main character) face is covered with bandages, you, dont remember anything except accident, including your name, and you wake up in urine soaked cell in some god abandoned asylum. In next few minutes you'll visit administration room, where you'll learn, that wolrd remeber your accident differently than you. From that moment everything is only turning to worse and worse nightmare that will make you clueless for the most part of the game.Story of the game is great and is brilliantly executed, creating many plots, black holes, situations and dialogs that at first appears to be pointless or simply insane, just to finally be small part of bigger picture, that is giving them sence and makes them suddenly extremely important in process of understanding plot.That's when we come to great thing about Sanitarium, that is really uncommon in adventure games - replayability. Of course, puzles remains the same, BUT when we finish the game for the first time we have knowledge of what really happened, and suddenly there are TONS of content that we ignored in first run, because it seemed irrelevant. Know it fits, it adds another brick to the big picture.Horror aspect of game is briliantly build. It's not survival horror, you don't really have to worry about your character getting killed, so monsters jumping from corners wouldnt fit here. Game is buinding whole atmosphere on feeling that you are lost, and very possibly insane, that you are fighting just to acknowledge simple truth- that you are as mad as everyone is telling you. Game is not afraid of gore, or disturbing images, which fits perfectly to graphic desing of Sanitarium.Game contains 9 chapters (each is +- 2 hours long) and besides being part of the whole plot each of them is telling it's own story, mostly very sad and disturbing, some may be liked less, because every single one of them is based on different theme (I didnt'd liked The Hive as much as others) but each is small gem. The Innonent Abandoned and Circus Of Fools  are so brilliant that they deserve they own reviews.Unveiling plot of chapters and the game leaves a player with strage and uneasy feeling, like Silent Hill2 few years later. You know its great, and you wish you could witness it again for the first time, and in the same moment you know that everything about it is depressing.And just like Silnet Hill2, Sanitarium is pure gold. For me this game is worth 10/10, poudly standing on the first place on podium for the title of best horror advetunre game ever, ex aequo.Buy this game, worth so much more than few bucks. But they could fix problem with subtitles in the movies (they crash the game, don't turn them on)"
,Recommended,284050,12730984,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Corvida,"This game is like a surreal point-and-click-dream. Strange and creepy, but quite entertaining and even challenging in some places."
,Recommended,284050,13147525,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,hentai_priest,"One of the most impressive point-n-click adventures of the golden era. Still packs a punch, even after all these years."
76561198020895658,Recommended,284050,13269578,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Quarhodron,"A total masterpiece. I wish they make more games like that. If you think about buying that game It's totally worth the price.Couldn't have time to finish it yet but , you know this game is real badass when the innocent abandon ost starts to play. 9.5/10.Editing review //SPIRIT , WHAT SAY YOU?!"
76561198073217255,Recommended,284050,19042951,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Xentsev,"A delightfully demented descent into a depressing dimension of darkness.  Rather aged in some areas, but the story more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,284050,18756293,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Audish,"Sanitarium always struck me as one of the unsung classics of the adventure genre. Releasing originally in 1998, it came right before a significant lull in point and click games. It's hard to say if it would have garnered more or less attention had it come out during one of the prime periods, since it does a lot of things right, but still suffers from many of the flaws that hampered its contemporaries.The game opens with you as an amnesiac named Max, terribly scarred and confused, locked up in the least feasible insane asylum imaginable. Seriously, Arkham has nothing on this place; one of your first tasks is to engineer yourself across a Death Star Tractor Control-style chasm to a guard office suspended above the abyss, all while the oddly medieval tower crumbles around you. It only gets stranger from there as Max is whisked away to towns of zombie children, a circus on an island beset by man-eating squid, and a living hive of human-sized bugs that's even more bizarre than whatever you're imagining.The real strength of Sanitarium is in its settings, the dark, impossible worlds that each of its thirteen chapters take place in. They are wholly unique and dreamlike, perfectly capturing that backdrop of madness in the same way that Planescape: Torment captured life in an utterly alien city. The graphics are actually quite similar, both employing those early 3D models transposed into animated sprites. The worlds of Sanitarium are not overly large, so the graphics benefit from some excellent detail and extra animations for almost any situation.There are plenty of NPCs to interact with, each with a unique and adequately voiced personality. Puzzles tend to be pretty clear for the most part, and the game doesn't bog you down with a sprawling inventory like some of its peers. You may run into a few walkthrough situations in the more alien settings, but in general the game does a good job of communicating what you should be doing and how to go about it. Unfortunately, it make take you some time to get it done because your walk speed is on the very low end of tolerable and there's no sprinting or fast travel. The adequate voice work can also drone on for far longer than is welcome, though spoken dialog can be skipped through in favor of the ever-present text.Story-wise, Sanitarium is almost as much of a fever dream as the presentation. Max clearly has mental issues that are revealed symbolically through the many worlds of the game, but there's a much grander plot at work that reaches farther than most adventure games dare. It's a bit brazen and corny at times, but also woven into the symbolism in some pretty interesting ways. The whole journey is worth seeing through, and as long as you have some patience for slow trudging, overdone VOs, and a few obnoxious pixel hunts, I have no doubt Sanitarium will prove why it deserves to stand among the adventure classics."
76561198158922341,Recommended,284050,13929194,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Petty_Bone,such a twisted game!  the story will keep you playing wanting to learn what happens next.  enjoyed this back in 1998 and enjoying it again today.
,Recommended,284050,12794728,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,Amazing point and click adventure that deserves a lot more recognition than it got back in the day...BUY THIS NOW!!!
76561197960665902,Recommended,284050,12747623,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,-=:Supra:=-,"Let me start off by saying the weird stuff. I hadn't played this game for years, all a sudden it popped into my mind this morning, and I began to google old school reviews on it. The next thing I do is visit the Steam front page, and what do I find as a new seller? Sanitarium. If that doesn't call me to purchase this game, I don't know what the hell else can.For those looking for a trippy adventure title, look no further.The game came out late 90s but I picked it up early 2000 and played it on one of my first PC's I owned. Was quite an experience to say the least.I remember staying home from school sick with a bad cold due to allergies, popping some drowsy medicine, and playing Sanitarium.I think the meds helped enhance the overall atmosphere of the game because it was impossible for me to put down. Even as sleepy and tired as I was, I kept chugging away at this game throughout my sick day off and neared completion.The game has you playing a man who is basically out of his mind. Not sure what is real and what isn't and you are basically playing what's in his head, good and bad.I don't want to get into the story or spoilers, but I'll leave it that I think the 2nd chapter stood out as one of my favorites because of all the creepy children and the overall environment. The game has an awesome atmosphere that doesn't let up.Sure this game is old, but it's still a gem and now on Steam, I highly recommend picking it up. I own the original discs still and liked to add this to my Steam collection so I got it here as well."
76561198038234026,Recommended,284050,26278076,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,I 3N3MY I,"This game is still as awesome, fun, trippy and bizarre as it was when I first played, loved and adored it as a 15 year old.I still have my original 3 disc PC copy, but it hasn't worked on new OS for years and years. Thrilled to have it again!"
76561198032539137,Recommended,284050,12701325,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cethyndra,"I've played this game every now and then since the late 90's/early 00's, and it still holds up as one of the best adventure games I've ever played.The puzzles are a lot of fun, and the atmosphere is simply amazing. If you like surreal- and psychological horror - I truly recommend that you check this out!"
76561197984112362,Recommended,284050,12711015,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ssjahren,"This game is an awesome experience. Maybe one of the best 90`s games I played!And just because it is 15-16 years since I last played it, it still gives an incredible feel with a murky atmosphere. The game has a solid story, and many clever puzzles. The graphics are also amazing for such an old game,Go mental in sanitarium!"
76561197990566688,Recommended,284050,12729537,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Brizao,"I played this game's demo, I couldn't believe I would find it here in Steam, It's a great game but unfortunately it barely runs in windows 7, crash all the time on the cut scenes..."
76561198004850582,Recommended,284050,12793018,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DEVIL'S REJECT,Awesome plot and still an awesome game after all these years.
76561198007747398,Recommended,284050,34268970,Posted: 15 August,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Despite that it was released in 1998, Sanitarium has aged well. I find this game fascinating. It's got all kinds of elements :Weird mutant kids, alien plants, worms and insectoids, centaurs, ghosts, morgues, ancient evil Aztec god, crazy grusome experiment, asylums,mazes....nearly everything you can think of - it's there. I mean , take the chapter ofinsectoid warfor example, it can easily be extended to a whole game ! The atmosphere is great and the story line is still intriguing.  But the control seems a little clumsy and the voice acting sometimes are silly. xD Nonetheless, it is absolutely a gem among a whole bunch of point&click psychological horror game.When i was a kid I was too chickensh*t to play Sanitarium, now in my late 20s this game still gives me the chills.If I ever have kids, 10/10 will make Sanitarium their bedtime stories"
,Recommended,284050,12700796,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Milkman,"I played this game for the first time in 2010 and it instantly became my favoritie adventure game. It has a wonderull atmosphere with a great amount of variety and weirdness. The puzzles are fun and the story is great. I whole heartedly recommend it to anyone that likes adventure games. It's the kind of game that inspires you to go in to making games, to learn modeling so you can remake it. It is a real shame so few people know about it."
76561198008574615,Recommended,284050,12709102,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dumuzi,Bought this to replace my CD version and to add it to my steam library. I have completed this game years ago and will probably go through it again. Fantastic adventure/puzzle game. I did fire this up to make sure it works on my machine (win7) and finished the first level.
76561198083331402,Recommended,284050,15217277,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Chi||z,Dat nostalgic feeling worth going crazy about.
76561198067180939,Recommended,284050,16019950,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,0ns1aught,"Excellent story driven game. This game has the 90's polish that I miss these days in big budget games, and the characters are iconic and help represent the overall impact of the game. I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoy a point and click adventure game with deep meaning/mystery and like ending games with an emotional impact."
,Recommended,284050,23260651,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zitterberg,"Albeit filled with tired and harmful imagery related to the asylum and its patients,Sanitariummanages to maintain an undeniable charm throughout the whole game. There is a reason this is considered one of the greats of the 90s adventure point-and-click games alongsideGrim FandangoandAlone in the Dark. With its completely off the rails narrative, its bizarre sense of humour, memorable level design and colourful cast,Sanitariumis definitely worth the price for those seeking a wild, wild ride."
,Recommended,284050,24998278,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Wirdjos,"Sanitarium tells the story of a damaged mind searching for answers through a convoluted journey across wildly varied areas - each of dubious reality - which is surprisingly connected into something meaningful. Each step of the way can be painful though as the controls of this nearly two decade old game are not as suited to the fast-paced action sequences or unforgiving puzzles that break up the basic maneuvers demanded of a point-and-click, and even those simpler elements can rely too heavily on trial and error at times. Some pathways are unintentionally hidden and investigation points oscillate between being too broad and too exacting, leaving players wandering aimlessly when they should be charging towards the next piece of the puzzle. Gladly, these frustrations don't break immersion, despite interrupting the flow of storytelling which is at the very core of the experience.The game hasn't aged very well either. The visuals, as horrifying and compelling as they are, can often be stilted and blurry which damages their impact. And even the superior DotEmu version randomly crashes occasionally.There's plenty wrong with this game and that can stand as a roadblock to what it has to offer. But I can say nothing better about Sanitarium than this: when I played the XS Games version a few years ago, the game crashed at every cinematic, so one would have to save before each transition - many of which came without warning - and restart the game after that. I still finished this ten hour game under those conditions with fond enough memories that I bought a second version to experience it again. It's interesting, it's inventive, and most importantly it sticks with you. However poorly the 'game' aspects of Sanitarium could possibly have aged now or in the future, there will always be something worth experiencing here."
,Recommended,284050,13012416,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,PvtPuma,"I tried this game on a whim, and I am so glad I did!  The artistic design is neat, and everything's rendered pretty well.  The cutscenes sometimes feature some stiff movement, but that's par for the time, and I'm glad they kept the original graphics and cinematics instead of redoing them.  The story was interesting and creepy, but not in a ""I'm going to have nightmares"" way.  The voiceacting is pretty good.  The only negative thing is the movement speed, but that's not really an issue unless you are trying to rush or replay a scene.  During normal play the walk speed is great.The game ran flawlessly on my desktop (running Win7 64-bit).  I didn't have any problems with the game crashing or anything.I'm overall incredibly pleased with this game.  Great game that runs great."
,Recommended,284050,12786015,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Holi,"It was an amazing game when it was first released and now when you can play it without it crashing every 5m it's even better, I highly reccomend this journey into insanity to anyone who likes that sort of thing"
,Recommended,284050,23967250,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GoodeyeSniper,"Classic 90's PC point and click, finally got to play this game after playing it back when released. Glad to say it has stood the test of time and is still a great game, great story, characters and puzzles to keep you occupied"
76561198207741077,Recommended,284050,17783466,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,riggamortis,"THIS IS A CLASSIC FROM MY YOUNGER YEARS AND IT'S STILL ENTERTAINING TO PLAY ONCE YOU WORK OUT HOW TO MOVE ABOUT AND MANIPULATE THINGS. SANITARIUM IS STORY LED AND PUZZLE ORIENTATED AND IF YOU ARE INTO THAT TYPE OF THING, YOU WILL WANT THIS GAME.DEVELOPED IN THE 90'S, SOME OF THE PUZZLES ARE A LITTLE ILLOGICAL AND CAN EVEN BECOME A LITTLE FRUSTRATING, BUT ONCE YOU GET THROUGH THEM, THE BIZARRE STORYLINE KEEPS YOU RUNNING FOR THE NEXT CHALLENGE.LIKE MANY OLDER PLAYERS WHO WERE INTO ORIGINAL POINT AND CLICK GRAPHIC ADVENTURES AND RPG'S, I HAVE LOST TOUCH WITH OLDER GAMES AND IT IS NICE TO SEE A REVIVAL OF THEM ON STEAM.I LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING MORE OF THIS TYPE GAME AND POSSIBLY EVEN A REVAMP OF SOME ORIGINALS WOULDN'T GO AMISS!"
76561198028032411,Recommended,284050,22131308,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Claylex,"WARNING: This review may have spoilers, please read at your own risk.I've had this game on my wish-list for a long♥♥♥♥♥time. I loved watching people do video walkthroughs of it over and over and I finally got it and finished it!So here it is folks, my review of Sanitarium.STORY: You play as an amnesia stricken patient in an insane asylum dealing with the various psychologial issues he has.As you go through various crazy levels such as a town where theres nothing but mutated children and overgrown plants, an island circus, and an alien world filled bugs, cybernetics, and cyclops, you will know more about the character you're playing and it smoothly helps the game along.For me I thought the story was very excellent. The levels help correspond and relate to the characters memorys/issues and it works well. The only issue I have is the voice actors are okay/below average at best. 8.5/10GRAPHICS: Now of course I'm gonna get this out of the way. This game came out in the late 90's, of course the graphics are gonna be dated.Other than that I will say though that the game looks nice for its time and it didn't really bother me that much. 8/10GAMEPLAY: This is an isometric click and point adventure game. Some puzzles in my honest opinion kinda sucked, some were a bit too easy and others were in the right amount of difficulty for me.There are 13 levels to go through and depending on how good you are at puzzles this game will probably only take you a few hours to beat unfortuantley.For the average adventure gamer I would say this game will probably take you longer.Also SLOW MOVEMENT. 7.5/10VERDICT: Sanitarium is a nice psychological horror game.Granted its not gonna spook you to death, but it brings in a great story, nostalgic graphics and fine gameplay.Just remember though its dated okay?;D 8/10"
,Recommended,284050,30890583,Posted: 1 April,all,MrBrickfreak,"Absolutely epic psychological horror game, which after so many years still send shivers down your spine by throwing you into absolutely tearful story filled with a lot of interesting puzzles and unforgettable ost."
,Recommended,284050,18923474,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,daftalchemist,"the gameplay is old and tedious but the story is genuinely interesting. the visuals are often unsettling and creepy, and not just because the graphics are so old, though somehow that seems to help make the unsettling parts more horrific rather than less"
76561198119319611,Recommended,284050,33554142,Posted: 15 July,all,Bella,"I have never played this game before, so buying it was not simply nostalgia for me. The plot was pretty good, not a usual one. Until the end I was never really sure, if the main character was crazy or not, so I think it was done well. The graphics are still fine, given that it's an old game. The world had an interesting atmosphere, but I found it more disturbing than scary. I only had two problems. One, the character moved so slowly, two, I felt like two chapters were a bit unnecessary, and that was tiring. However, the chapters are not so long, since I could finish the whole game in 8 hours, so it was not a big problem. The game never crashed and I didn't have a problem with saving, either. All in all I think it is worth to give it a try if you like psychological horror."
,Recommended,284050,27431415,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nora,"One of the best point and click adventures I've ever played. I mean, sure the graphics are now really outdated and maybe the controls are a bit clunky but the story and atmosphere is superb! :) I definitely recommend it to those who enjoy an immersive story that may be a little bit weird (well, more than a little)."
76561198054595305,Recommended,284050,12767517,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Stubboria,"I loved this game when i first played it many years ago as a teen, and i must when im replaying it again the only think i really can complain about is the slow movement, but who said you need to rush threw a game.  Its eerie, lots of talking to learn much about the storyline itself and some short cinematic inbetween that keep you  wondering and add to the mystery about the main charakter."
,Recommended,284050,29154041,Posted: 9 January,all,Aydin,"I remember when I played it when it just went out... awwww memoriesloved the game, but back then was a child, my english wasn´t that good so had no idea of the story till nowI really recommend this game, a classic point and click (almost)you just use the mouse so yeah... maybe a bit slow for the new since you can´t sprint xD"
,Recommended,284050,12850472,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,IndustrialAngel,A fun point and click mind♥♥♥♥!
76561198055269636,Recommended,284050,28459466,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ron,"A nice and interesting old graphic adventure (1998) that will entertain and even gift you some feelings and emotions.....Overall my judgement is quite positive altough some flaws are present in the game---Main issue that made me lower a lot the final score is the presence of a good number of annoying puzzles, not impossible ones but very annoying ones, i really hate musical puzzles....Overall i must say that most of the puzzles were of a good logic, so nothing was impossible.Another relative flaw was the movements of the main character who was moving really too slow and there was no way to move from one room to another in one click, also, sometime, going up or down of a ladder and moving trough different layers of the screen was a bit of a pain, but nothing that can not be forgiven.My Final Score is84/100"
,Recommended,284050,28887646,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheIntrepidNemo,"Game is old and ugly, character movement is slow and janky, and the voice acting veers into absurdity as often as possible.Still love it. Part of it is nostalgia, certainly, but the atmosphere is legitimately creepy, and the story itself holds up pretty well. The Aztec stuff is sort of cheap and is easily the least entertaining part of the game, but aside from that, there's little to complain about in terms of level design choice. You won't have a hard time with much in the way of puzzles; it's definitely not a Mensa test.You can breeze through this story in less than 10 hours, easily, and will enjoy it the whole time. Especially if you're a fan of point-and-clicks."
76561198253607356,Recommended,284050,35205863,Posted: 25 September,all,Xilonen,"I spent total 20 hours finishing the first time with using a bit walkthrough. This game shall remain the best in my heart as a pure epic. I have never thought to have such a perfect puzzle game for an old 1998 one. Conceptions and graphics are totally amazing, they leave me speechless.All I want to say is this game is absolutely, epic."
,Recommended,284050,12769721,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,namgrim,"Sanitarium is one of the cult classic point and click horror adventure games from the late nineties. Player takes a role of an amnesiac guy that wakes up in a weird old looking mental asylum. He has to find out who he is, where he is and what has happened. Amnesia is a pretty common plot device in video games, but player shouldn't let it bother, because the story is very good and interesting. Also, the creepy and horrific world of Sanitarium is very atmospheric and compelling.The graphics and sounds are very 1998. That's okay for me — I love the looks and sounds of the games from that era. It looks aged, somewhat dated even, but I like it. The voice-acting is pretty decent, even though the main protagonist sometimes sounds a bit like he's reading his lines. The haunting ambient backround sounds fit well in Sanitarium's mood.The controls are basic point and click stuff. You talk to people, look at things, pick up stuff, use things. Moving the character is a bit clunky and could be a bit tricky at first.The Steam release of Sanitarium has some technical problems. I had some difficulties because the game kept crashing all the time. If you encounter stuff like that, you should read the forums. There's some really helpful stuff. (At first I gave Sanitarium a negative review, because I found it unplayable, but thanks to Steam forums, I managed to fix it.)"
,Recommended,284050,12804984,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Fletcher,"An incredibly atmospheric and narrative driven game. It's very immersive and the level design is fantastic. The story is not about jump scares and things chasing you, the story get's its scares from messing with your mind and making you paranoid. This is a game that for anyone who is a fan of horror and point and click should pick up.PROS -Incredibly immersiveSuperb level designHaven't had any issues running itThe humor is very clever and darkStory will keep you thinking and wanting more and moreCONS -I don't really have any cons, the game was released in 1998 and for a game that is 15 years old or so it is brilliant.Final PERSONAL Verdict - 9/10 An incredibly thought out and well executed point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,284050,22300098,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,"Fuck this, I quit.","Great game, software.Sanitarium is a great game, good plot, intersting riddles, atmosphere, top notch adventure game.However the software (at least on win10) is terrible.The game crashed 3 times during my playthrough.I have a dual screen setup, and everytime i would scroll my mouse away from one screen, even by mistake (which happened because of the drag to move mechanic) the game wouldnt work.well, it did work, but it became a black screen.Also, a few instances where I couldn't exit to the menu, so I was forced to play though the screen, (although this might be by design, not sure)Its a shame that from a technical standpoint this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥(I would also loved to see some of the features they released for android and IOS version)If youre willing to overlook the technical details, the game is great.Its a shame that these bugs hurt the overall very positive experience.I would recommend playing it, but on Android or iOS, because its cheaper, and works better."
,Recommended,284050,27977640,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,can you beat me?,Very interesting game. Very weird game. Very cool game. Very many storylines. Very good storylines. Very in-depth storylines. Very good climax. Very trippy. Very many points and clicks.
,Recommended,284050,12701712,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,oblom1,"This game brings back alot of memories, though i don't find it scary like i use to, it still comes across as some what creepy and i can't help but keep playing, i would definantly recommend this!"
,Recommended,284050,23923629,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Violently Happy,"I’ve never played this game out because it still has some serious bugs which forced me to restart the game. Just keep in mind to use a very conservative saving strategy, because the bugs can really take the fun away. There are not too many bugs, but these few are rather severe (like items or gates that won’t work properly and block you from moving on because you probably did something in the wrong chronological order).Apart from the bugs I would say this is a must-have, if you like oldschool mysterious horror adventures with dense atmospheres and confusing irrational storylines."
76561198146327392,Recommended,284050,12916496,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sigmax,A good old fashion adventure game with an intriguing story
,Not Recommended,284050,25562069,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Originally released in 1998, Sanitarium is a PC adventure game created by Dreamforge and more recently re-released and made playable on modern machines. Despite receiving a mixed reaction from adventure outlets back in the day, it is still often cited by fans of the genre as a classic for its twisted and unsettling atmosphere.The premiseThe premise of the game is pretty simple: you're an amnesiac waking up in an asylum, swathed in bandages and completely sane. Over the course of nine chapters, you need to discover what happened to you.Unfortunately, you discover what happened to you in the opening cinematic. So the actual premise is kind of different: reveal the Bad Guy's evil plan and stop him. How do you do that? By wandering through your own twisted psyche while escaping from the asylum.An hour into the game, you'll unravel the real actual premise: wade through a handful of disjointed puzzles to win the next cinematic sequence that reveals the Bad Guy's evil plan.Confused yet?Misleading advertisement?The game advertises as a dark, disturbing exploration of an insane mind. This, of course, is not true in a number of ways. First, the game is rated T (ages 13+). How dark and disturbing could it be? As it turns out, not very. Second, the exploration is of the different worlds, not the insane mind, and anything you discover during gameplay has little to no relevance to the plot. It's really a game and a movie in one, but in a bad way. ""Solve these puzzles. Watch that movie."" Finally, you're not exploring an insane mind at all. You're exploring the imaginations of a perfectly sane mind.Some major complaintsPerhaps the biggest disappointment is the destruction of the mood. The first two chapters, I must admit, are brilliant. The puzzles were imaginative and realistic, except for one, where*SPOILER ALERT!*the combination of a lock is discovered by counting how many times a child was beaten in tic-tac-toe.*SPOILER FINISHED!*This, of course, made no sense whatsoever. The rest of the puzzles were perfect. They required observation, simple logic, and no random clicking whatsoever. In addition, some of the puzzles and their solutions were thoroughly disturbing, and I found myself mumbling, ""I really don't want to do that. I really don't want to do that,"" more than a few times.Beginning with chapter three, however, the game makes its slow, unhalting slide into mediocrity. The disturbingly suffocating mood simply disappears, and, in its place, an unfittingly humorous tone is adopted. To make matters worse, the game suffers the common adventure-game-failure disease: the puzzles lose their ingenuity and logic, and you just know that the designers suddenly ran out of ideas. From there on in, the puzzles are no longer challenging, some solutions even seem random, and the story becomes a race to finish before giving up in disappointment.It's from here that the other problems with the game become apparent. First, the voice-acting, while passable in the beginning, suddenly becomes painful. It's not that the acting quality dropped; it's that the rest of the game suddenly loses its darkness and difficulty, leaving the lacks in the nuances (like voice-acting) embarrassingly obvious. What's worse is that one of the worst voice-actors is the main character himself, and you know you're stuck with him for the rest of the game.Second, the controls are not only unorthodox, but they're incredibly inconvenient. Reminiscent of those favoured by Telltale’s Tales of Monkey Island series, the left-mouse-button is used for all interaction, while holding down the right-button moves the character in the direction of the cursor. Without Tales of Monkey Island’s keyboard alternative however, the latter becomes extremely tedious after several hours of gameplay; the frustration exacerbated by the vast amount of walking back-and-forth done in some chapters,  and the result is that you end up walking up and down the same flight of stairs three or four times before you can convince your character to walk past it, not to mention the poor placement of NPCs who unintentionally block potential shortcuts.Is it really that bad?That said, Sanitarium offers a few saving graces. The sound effects are simply wonderful. The sound bytes for the game menu are very eerie, and I found myself saving and loading just to hear the voice whisper, ""save game."" And when you walk next to other characters, you can hear them mumbling or chattering away in the background. And unlike GOG's version of this game, I haven't encountered any crash problem or anything, other than one bug that you can see here:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=758971994Final thoughtIn the end it would be unjust to suggest that Sanitarium is all bad. However the handful of interesting locations, intriguing sub-tales and decent puzzles cannot make up for the blandness and lack of imagination that characterises the game as a whole. The game does make a statement about the designers' ideas on sanity and the human mind, but it also leaves you wondering why they decided to call it a game."
,Not Recommended,284050,28113132,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PyROZen,"Nostalgia glasses rating 9/10Reality 3/10This game has not aged well at all. If you played it as a kid, be happy with the memories and don't ruin them with a replay.I played about 2/3 through this game when I was a kid and loved it. Apparently I stopped playing at the correct point. Initially, the puzzles are well thought out and the story very intriguing. This changes by the half-way point, and the game completely falls apart in the last act; walking a fine line between absolute tedium and the worst kinds of point-click puzzles. No more physical puzzles, simply long conversation trees that MUST be completed in order to proceed. The final part of the game makes use of a specific character who walks slower than cold molasses. I'm surprised I still have any hair on my head, it is absolutely infuriating!And don't forget the maze, everyone loves those!Very little puzzling takes place after the initial chapters, it simply becomes an exercise in patience. Every now and then they'll throw you a puzzle bone and you think it is turning around....but don't be fooled.I recommend reading the development diary for this game, it not only explains the huge deficits of the game, but it has a far more compelling story.  Out of 13 chapters, 6 are worth the time, the rest are simply terrible.*Spoiler*If you do manage to make it to the end of the game, enjoy the after thought of an ending. It could only be worse if I they actually stuck a thumb-tack in my LCD monitor where they attached it to the ""story"".I am a huge point-click fan, but this game is a perfect example of why the genre fell off the face of the earth for a decade. Movement is painful, as well as inventory management. Add that to the fact that all logical puzzles have disappeared by the half-way point in the game, and you'll understand why after an unsaved game crash very near the end I opted to watch the ending on YouTube instead of enduring the suffering any longer.There are far better representatives of the point-click genre than this forgettable relic. Take your money and brain power elsewhere."
,Recommended,284050,32883846,Posted: 27 June,all,Pyotr François,Bir akıl hastası ancak bu kadar güzel anlatılabilirdi. Tabiki oyuncuyu delirterek :D Efsane oyun eskimeyenler...
,Not Recommended,284050,31250517,Posted: 19 April,all,Xolta11,Sadly this  game  suffers  form old school adventure  game moon  logic and a slow pace. But it  has this  wonderfull chram.  I would  recomend if your into old pc adventure  games of a certin area.
76561198009839911,Not Recommended,284050,12696008,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AndyK131,I like this game and played it a long time ago  but buying it here from steam is a gamble couse many other ppl as my self cant make a save file. So playing is pointless if your not ready to beat it in one try.only a Error message popps up and the game crashes.
,Not Recommended,284050,22010230,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Stingygamer,"Horrible graphics and clunky, unchangeable controls remind us that this game has not stood the test of time. Waste of money no matter what it costs. It's an outdated, boring puzzle game all around."
,Recommended,284050,16576475,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sjizo,"I played this game when it came out 1998 but was never able to finish it because one disc was damaged. Glad to be able to play this game again on steam now. It has a nice story, the puzzles aren't that hard but the game will keeep you busy for a few hours :)"
,Recommended,284050,14265929,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,6twistedbiscuits,"Love, love, love!Intriguing game play that stays fresh because the character, although himself, goes through some interesting changes to play out different scenarios. There are hints throughout the game as to what is happening toward the ending, nothing that could give the ending away but enough so that when you get there all becomes clear. I adore that moment of clarity.Moving the character took some getting used to and I still don't like it very much."
76561198047198710,Recommended,284050,14184863,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,۞PReTo۞,Works perfectly on Win7 64bit
76561198097743431,Recommended,284050,14494527,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Count JT,"This game. The 90's really astound me. With the limited technology they had, they created such masterpieces. Sanitarium is a point-and-click genre game in which you control a wrapped-up mental patient, who is, and is not, mad. It's up to you to find out, if you can.I won't lie. Some puzzles are very hard to solve and I needed to consult a walkthrough. But I think it's partly my fault because pay REAL close attention to what they're saying because they do hint things. And if you're the nost type horay for you because you should click every single thing you can see and hear what he has to say.The story and the designs!! God the designs. They say Silent Hill is the forefather of psychological horror like Resident was to survival horror, but no one mentions this gem. The subliminal designs, meanings and purpose in each of the situations you delve into is just mind-blowingly genius for its time. Graphics are great for its time and still looks great when brought forward now. The voice-acting was average on some, absolutely brilliant and haunting on the others. The story and boldly horrifying things that they dare to show are simply perfect. The only thing I would complain about is the controls. They are a wee bit clunky but it's the speed of the characters walking sometimes throughout a large map that gets me nodding off to sleep sometimes. Another thing is the cutscenes, where I think they could be added to just produce a more satisfying effect. Like the ending of The Hive.You will want the character to proceed. You will want to help him find what he is seeking to find. You will emphathize with him. It's how immersive this is.Verdict? Astounding. Such classic. Prepare the tissue cuz' you might need one."
76561198061385864,Recommended,284050,14867032,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DeceasedCrow,"The story of this game is about a man, that does not know anything about himself and you go through the game collecting his memories; I know this sound cheesy, but the way the game works and how the story goes is very unique. The atmosphere have a really nice spooky feeling to it too. Sometimes it gets so difficult that will make you ragequit, because you wont be able to notice the stuff you need even though is infront of you! This game is very enjoyable , and will make you think to solve the puzzles. I give it a 10/10, really enjoying the game."
,Recommended,284050,16486939,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,autoexec04,"This was one of my favorite games back in the day, and it still holds up (at least, I don't think that's my nostalgia speaking). A fun point-and-clicker that takes you to one weird place after another, and leaves you wondering just what the f@!k is really going on."
76561198043787903,Recommended,284050,18792134,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,fatso catso,scarier than soma
,Recommended,284050,18825675,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Danielle,"As other reviewers have said, this game came out when Point-and-Click games were losing appeal and thus was largely ignored, which is a shame because Sanitarium is an unique horror game. Having played it originally when it was released this port offers the exact same experience as the original, which can be quite frustrating at times. It's difficult for laptop players without a mouse to play it as the game offers no configuration to switch from mouse to keyboard controls, but the constant hand cramps you're bound to experience playing Sanitarium should not put you off. Yes, the dialogue is a bit cheesy and the voice acting is worse than Shenmue's but at the end of the day there has not been a game like Sanitarium, it's an interesting experience that will leave an impression on you."
76561198069061858,Recommended,284050,18450405,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,one.insipid,"10/10If you enjoy creepy and weird games, I recommend you play this.If you do not enjoy creepy and weird games, I say ""you are a ninny"".PROS:- Cult Classic / Artistic / Memorable- Creepy / Weird- Seek and Find / Puzzles- Story Driven / Unique Story / Unexpected TwistCONS:- None"
,Recommended,284050,18916772,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Frostjaw,"If you're a 90's gamer you might remember this one. Okay, movement's a little chunky for nowadays' playability and it can get soupy if you have to move a lot, but the atmosphere's great, the storytelling and rhythm is pretty good, visuals are definitely impressive (specially for the time) and the nostalgia...... holly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hell, there's some serious nostalgia in Sanitarium!"
76561198082635307,Recommended,284050,14686833,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AttackOfTheDave,"It seems ironic that a game about amnesia would be so unforgettable.Our hero wakes up in an insane asylum, covered in bandages and unable to remember his own name.  As he learns more about his situation and remembers more about himself, his sanity comes further and further into question.While Sanitarium is filled with intriguing puzzles and memorable characters, its surreal mood and well-written story are the real draws.  The game is packed full of foreshadowing and symbolism that won't register on the first playthrough.  The bizarre occurrences can be explained once you know the whole story, and when our hero triumphs in the end, the player will feel very satisfied.  The levels combine realistic elements with incredible fantastic notions in a creepy crescendo of madness, putting the player increasingly on edge until the final truth is revealed.Admittedly, since its creation in 1998, parts of Sanitarium have not aged well.  The cutscenes in particular will underwhelm today's audience.  One might also criticize the game's rather slow pacing and occasionally ridiculous voice acting.  At the end of the day, however, these elements merely add a level of nostalgic charm.In short, Sanitarium is well worth playing at least twice - more, for the twisted levels and puzzles that you particularly enjoy.  It brings some of the best material that old-school point-and-click adventure games have to offer, and remains an excellent example of video games as art and entertainment both."
,Recommended,284050,14604526,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ReDeemer,"I used to have nightmares after playing this, a couple hours at a time.Still absolutely and deliciously disturbing."
,Recommended,284050,13989936,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,GiShiFu,"Sanitarium is creepy as hell and full of puzzles to solve. You play as a man who has lost his mind and his memory and must journey through his own madness to discover the truth.The controls are very simple (you only ever use the left and right mouse buttons) and the puzzles vary in difficulty. Some are straightforward visual puzzles whereas others require you to memorize information. There are some sequences that require you to fight off monsters, as well. I would say the story is the main reason I love this game, though. It's fun to play the first time to discover the truth, and just as fun to play a second time around so you can notice bits of foreshadowing and the ways in which the main character's delusions reflect reality.The entire game can be beaten in one sitting. I finished every achievement in about 7 hours, but I played the game previously in middle school and still remembered a lot of the puzzle solutions. If you're starting from scratch, I imagine it will take longer. Either way, it is most definitely worth the $10 price tag.My primary complaint about this game would be that sometimes the ultra-simple controls backfire and make things a bit difficult to manage. True to form of 90s PC games, there is a lot of clicking you will have to do on seemingly irrelevant objects in order to find, for instance, items required to move forward. I often found myself wishing I could move using arrow keys or WASD. There are also places where you can get stuck, so I recommend making a separate save at the beginning of each level just in case you need to go back (this also helps with getting the rarer achievements, or just for the fun of playing your favorite levels again).The bottom line is: if you like creepy things and like to figure out mysteries, this is the next game you should buy. You will love it."
76561198004474534,Recommended,284050,13578217,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,lilromimi,"I never played Sanitarium the first time round but being a fan of point and click games I love playing through old ones.  This had outstanding reviews mostly from people who played it originally and I can see why.  The animation is so good for it's time and the FMV sequences are brilliant as well.  I like that there is a story and you are somewhat tied to the character and want to know what has happened to him.The puzzles however... man I spent so much time jumping between the game and walkthroughs.  The puzzles are so obscure.  Maybe when I was a kid and owned one game and one game only and had no internet to speak of, I would have spent hours trying every combination to every puzzle until I had completed the game but now my attention span is too short and I imagine the same is true with most gamers now.So for this reason I think something is lost but nonethless I am enjoying playing through and my game has just crashed but I look forward to the conclusion of the story."
76561198044393655,Recommended,284050,27028896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MarqX93,"I played this for the first time when I was like 7 or 8 (an older cousin had it), and although I didn't finished it It just got stuck in my head. I couldn't remember the name then It got realesed on Steam and everything came back, all the creepiness, those characters, that story... MAAAN that story. I just love it."
76561198020177836,Recommended,284050,26935951,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Butt Toucher Senpai,"I originally watched a playthrough of Sanitarium which is how I came to like it. Sure it's an older game but playing through it was just as enjoyable as watching. The first level in particular is my favorite and the music is perfect. Although the game can be hard at times if you aren't really observant then you may get stuck like I did. Other than that it's a great story, despite the graphics being aged if you're into psychological horror and puzzles then I definitely recommend this game. Don't let it's age fool you this point and click adventure is still great."
76561197987475384,Recommended,284050,28029252,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,e_w,"I played this when i was high school years and i jumped to see remastered version on steam. It was a great memory from the past and still beauty in it. It is dark, blow-minding, gothic and fascinating. Must have must experienced it"
,Recommended,284050,28048744,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LazloW,"Solid storyline in a great adventure game. Trippy at times, intriguing and it only gets better the more you play. Definitely recommend this game for lovers of adventure games. Classic must-play."
76561198141188637,Recommended,284050,26683366,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Steaky,Classic!
,Recommended,284050,28442540,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,VinzMario1,"This game is a masterpiece, and deserves all the good reviews it got until now. Creepy, tortured, funny sometimes, ""Sanitarium"" is an unique experience. Of course I recommand the game, there's only one little detail that bugs me : the end is lame. Compared to the rest, I mean."
76561198054900735,Recommended,284050,20792196,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Versakhan Irenis,"I owned this game when it came out, borrowed it to a coworker which left and all that remained were (sugarcoated?) memories. Many years later it popped up on Steam. Turned out my memories haven't been sugarcoated. This game is as sick, twisted, perplexing and disturbing as I remembered it :-)Don't let the maincharacter's slow pace or the impossibilty to skip the description-monologues (Anything else is skipable o_O) ruin the fun for you. Just remember it came out in 1998 when we had way more time ;-)"
76561198276915823,Recommended,284050,21407758,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,tripcyclone33,"This was a blast from the past - so great to revisit a game that I had such great memories about. But, technology has really dated this one. The movement of the character was clumsy, the graphics are grainy, and the sound effects are annoying. The biggest drawback is the TERRIBLE VOICE ACTING - could be some of the worst I have ever heard!!!! Even still the story alone makes you want to finish this one. It is just as intriguing today as it was in 1998. If any game is worthy of a reboot, this one would be in my top 10. Would love to see this updated for today's audience."
,Recommended,284050,21047324,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ॐ Ƹ⎛_⎝⎠î ๖ۣۜ,"played this one back in '98 and fell in love with it. It simply doesnt get boring, despite the oldschool graphics its totaly recommendable."
,Recommended,284050,21922493,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ldarkside,"Great old game from the late 90s era that requires one to actaully think for a change. Great puzzles and surreal atmosphere this game is a must for those who love point and click adventures games. But aside from that the game does suffer some issues. Putting asides suck minor things like dated graphics/controls (this was the late 90s) this game suffers from some optimization issues(cut scenes skipping and one game breaking bug in chapter 3 unless you go online and follow a guide) which is to be expected but the game also suffers from an underwhelming ending and clunky/unneccessary combat sequences. On a scale of 10 this deserves an 8, good enough to be remembered as the classic it is considered but still with a enough issues to remind you why most might not remember this game fondly."
,Recommended,284050,21210662,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Iʀʏᴋ;SilentHell,"This one of the greatest games I ever played from the 90's!I played it many years ago but I haven't the chance to finish it until now.Sanitarium is a game that the phsicology, metaphores, logic... Play with you. The idea of the game from begining is like having you to sort out conclusions of what happens -or it happens- with the protagonist. Most of the ambience or 'worlds' are amazing, also the most of the melodies in it. It also makes you think a lot for the many puzzles it has. So, it's not recommended if you don't have enough patience to resolve some of them, though is something minor in comparison with the rest.In my opinion one of the most important things in the game is the story behind. The story in general and the little stories from the worlds. It's so entertaining to try to put together pieces of the different stories to know the main story completely.But in resume, it's high recommended!Remember! 2d old games can also be great & very interesting, too. ;)"
,Recommended,284050,34739496,Posted: 4 September,all,Pendray,Amazingly creepy and macabre. Would recommend to anyone with a strong stomach and a decent heaping of courage.
76561198031089570,Recommended,284050,35209298,Posted: 25 September,all,Catnip,Still holds up after all these years! <3
,Recommended,284050,35197730,Posted: 24 September,all,Darky Sunny,"an absolute delight, there isn't a point and click game quite like this one. Each chapter is different from the next and may not make sense but as the story goes on it all ties together. I don't want to spoil this game because the less you know about it the better. It's honestly a shame this game doesn't have as much attention as it does... it's well worth your time if you can play it."
76561198409839343,Recommended,284050,35140406,Posted: 22 September,all,sonnykus,"Original game, lots of puzzles and macabre situations that will keep you playing till the end. Some of the sceneries are bizarre, music is addictive. That level of gore makes it unique."
