user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,284020,9948281,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Umbrage,"Let me tell you all about Maze Madness.You play as Freddi Fish, one of greatest female characters in gaming. Lara Croft and Samus Aran have NOTHING on Freddi. She's smart, determined, and completely badass. She also has an awful sidekick named Luther, who despite being in the title is not a playable character, and serves no purpose other than to screw up and force Freddi to undergo a challenging quest.Your mission: recover a million missing kelp seeds. Sounds dull? Well, these kelp seeds are scattered throughout 50 different caves. Caves home to some of the most fearsome monsters to ever cross your computer screen. The first one you meet is the angler fish. This little guy is MEAN. Swim too close to him, and he will let loose a menacing growl designed to make you empty your bladder rapidly. And they only get more nasty the further you go. There's the shark, who will happily laugh as he tries to eat you. There's the crab, skulking in the shadows, silent except for the snipping sound of his deadly claws. There's the squid, who will emit an ungodly shriek every time it detects you. And worst of all: the dogfish. A Lovecraftian horror that will immediately lock onto your scent and never rest until it has hunted you down.But hey, it's a game for kids, so the baddies can't really hurt you, right? WRONG! Every time Freddi is caught, she is forced to give up a PB&J sandwich to the creature in exchange for her life. Run out of sandwiches, and she will not dare enter another maze. It's painfully obvious that without those sandwiches, the enemies would gladly feast on her flesh. It is impossible to play this game without imagining your beloved Freddi in the place of one of those sandwiches; being ripped apart, chewed into tiny pieces, or even devoured whole. This is what's at stake.And you WILL get caught. These dark creatures are relentless, and although you can temporarily stun them, there is no way to deal with them permanently. Freddi is always on the run, and the mazes are full of dead ends and traps. This game is difficult. The enemies are unpredictable. You can outsmart them, for a time. But all it takes is one mistake, one slip of the awkward controls.Why does Freddi persist so? What value do these accursed kelp seeds have, that she must recover every last one? We may never know. However, I have a theory that this 'Grandma Grouper', the rightful owner of the kelp seeds, is actually a vengeful member of the undersea mafia, who will exact unbearable tortures on Freddi and Luther should the loss of her treasure be discovered. Who else could incite such fear in someone that they would rather face countless monsters than their wrath? One thing is clear: Grandma Grouper is not the nice old lady that she appears to be.In short, Maze Madness is an accurate title, for you shall soon go mad when you venture into these horrific caverns, picking up treasure one little piece at a time. It is a poignant metaphor for life, as we stumble around in the dark, picking at scraps for our heartless overseers, with plenty of empty bonus items that do nothing except inflate a meaningless number, while we struggle to avoid the many dangers that could take our life at any moment.This game was my childhood. It made me into the hardened man I am today, the man who can stare unblinkingly into the face of any horror, because I beat Maze Madness. I entered the depths of hell and braved the terrors within. This is not a game, it is a rite of passage, that all must pass if they are to become truly strong.Buy it. I dare you."
,Recommended,284020,9856814,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,yasu,"This game was my childhood and I want everyone to experience it. The controls are a bit clunky and slow but they do the job. For the most part. Also the graphics look like they were made in Paint but the music is pretty enjoyable. Not much going on on the story side to be honest but besides that, there's a mode where you can create and customize your own mazes. I remember creating the easiest most ridiculous custom mazes and got a huge kick out of completing them. Not sure why. Guess it gave me some sense of being the one in power and control. Or, you know, you can play a cruel god and build the dumbest hardest possible mazes that destroy Freddi within a second. The loading and saving system is kind of strange, since story mode and maze mode seem to have separate ones. (Also no matter what speed you've adjusted to your mouse it'll be slowed down/or sped up to the game's own mouse speed which kind of sucks for me.)I'd recommend this game to kids who are tired of playing chess all day long and want to burn their eyes with the vibrant colours this game throws at you. Or, you know, people who get a huge amount of nostalgia from playing games they spent hours on when they were young. (Though in this case I'd say that memories grow sweeter with time. The game is probably not as frustrating and/or awesome as you remember it to be.)"
76561198124550750,Recommended,284020,9866859,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Chooser,"I adore this game. It's super nostagic! The graphics are cute and colorful, and the music is fantastic. The ""clicking"" way to play this game is a bit strange, so use the arrow keys and it'll be much easier. If you played this game growing up in the 90's, definitely buy it, especially while it's on sale! :D"
,Recommended,284020,9905487,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Bad Dr. Naz,"My sister and I grew up with this game as children. I have fond memories of this. I love mazes and adventures, and this game has some pretty nice mazes. The further you go, the harder the levels get. In fact, if you get to a high enough levels, the level can be very challenging even for people who are older (assuming you don't turn on juiner helper aka cheats)."
,Recommended,284020,18830918,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wrath,"I bet you didn't expect me to review this. Well I am, so here goes.Since all of the sarcastic reviews are out of the way, here's some information that might be helpful:As of Windows 10, the game doesn't seem to execute right out of the box. Fortunately, the utility that comes with it, ScummVM, is ace at getting this stuff working and there wasn't too much hassle (just like it says in the game's description). This utility will be in Steam\steamapps\common\Freddi Fish and Luthers Maze Madness\ScummVM_Windows. Adjust the directory one level up when it asks for the path and you'll be able to configure audio and video if you had problems before. Using this utility does not seem to count in Steam for hours played, but it makes the game work and that's what counts. I'm more willing to throw that oversight onto Steam instead of Humongous, since everything they provided works as intended.Once that's up, it plays flawlessly without lag or sound errors. Everything works as seamlessly as it did in 1997. I have no idea what the negative reviews are talking about, as you can navigate with the arrow keys just as before. You can launch your bubbles (which aren't strictly required to advance) however, as you might recall, you can only have one bubble firing at a time.Content – The aim of the game is to collect kelp seeds while dodging enemies. Some enemies have patrol routes, others move randomly. They're not overly difficult to dodge most of the time, but you do have to use your wit to anticipate your enemy's movements. Even I got hit now and then for being careless. Points are a nice normal system that it's been a while since I've seen. Modern games tend to favour score attack where an action generates a random six-digit figure that you get desensitized to because it's beyond terms you're familiar with. Here, it's much more simplistic. Seeds are 1, shells are between 10-20 and other special items are 30-100. Every time you get 1000 points, you get a free life. Cool, got it.Part of the strategy of the game is collect the shells and special items before you collect the last kelp seed, when the mission ends. Even if you don't, it's not a huge deal as the score is mostly to give you lives. The goal isn't to lose and submit your high score, it's to collect seeds and make it to the last level. If you lose all your lives, you can return to the last level you unlocked. Similarly, you can go back to any previous level you unlocked before and replay it at your discretion. There are 99 levels.Soundtrack by Jeremy Soule, of all people, composer for the soundtracks of Oblivion, Skyrim, and many more, done in a nostalgic 90s style. It is, for the most part, extremely pleasant to listen to as you progress, as just about everything from him is.There are some games that originated in the 90s and early 2000s that have popped up on Steam over the last year or so. Because I'm familiar with those from 12-17 years ago, I'm rather interested trying them to see if they can get back into action, especially when my copies stopped working long ago. Some are just looking for a easy money and are little more than broken rabble. I'm all too happy to point that out when it happens. This particular release seems to work better than the original, through ScummVM, which is able to use more of your modern system's abilities.  Consequently, I'm happy to give it the credit it deserves. And I'm happy to recommend this as a modern-day kid's, because it's about adventure and solving a problem. Playing because you want to see what's out there and what's next rather than fighting, competing, and dominating everyone you meet.This release has my recommendation, and I'm glad to see it's here."
,Recommended,284020,9878589,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,FS-Nasa #LoveTrumpsHate,"This game from Humungous' library was my favorite next to Backyard Sports. I have so many fond memories playing it on the old Windows 98 back in the day, and I'm so happy to see it return after so many years.There's no tutorial here, but don't worry. The controls and level design are easy to pick up on. It just takes a while to get the full feel of it. It's not groundbreaking, but it's still memorable despite its age.Naturally, kids will enjoy it too. It's easy to pick up and play, and it gradually gets harder and longer as you progress through each maze. But be careful; some levels can drive you nuts if you're not careful.Definately worth looking at if you'd like to give a simple arcade-style game to your kid(s) to mess around on. Or if you gave away your disc and would like a simpler (and cost-effective) way to play it again."
76561198043338509,Recommended,284020,9936606,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,SoFull4You,"My childhood is fear. Memories of prepubescent anger and rage. Characters done in MS Paint and lines repeated at the start of every level. Creating nearly impossible mazes. F***ing puffer fish.Overall, 9/10."
,Recommended,284020,10235327,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,wang is back,this was the best purchase of my life. the graphics are stunning and strikingly modern for their period of conception and the gameplay is immersive… i feel as if i am the lone heroine herself swimming through the desolate ocean in search of seaweed bits and sea shells. im quitting tf2 to play this competitively
,Recommended,284020,13773311,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FAKE NEWS,Glorious. Felt like 1997 all over again. Those of you who didn't grow up with Humongous Entertainment seriously missed out. I was surprised at how hard it was (I needed to turn on unlimited bubbles). My only complaint is that the level builder is pretty limited. But I still make decent levels. Anyway get this it's super fun.hey steam pls get logical journey of the zoombinis next kthx
,Recommended,284020,10835436,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Heidi Anne,This is a great game for my five year old and helps with his hand coordination. Cute little tricks to figure out along the way while being entertaining!
76561198035643084,Recommended,284020,13009444,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jr786,"An Instant Childhood Arcade Classic from the Days of my Childhood, in which you have to collect all the Kelp Seeds with Freddi Fish in 50 Levels of aMAZING Fun after Luther accidently erupts a large stream of Kelp Seeds which are carried far away by an ocean current.This game is very similar to that of Pac-Man, I've played the Digital Download via PC & iOS,and I find that the PC Version is pretty much better than the iOS Version."
,Recommended,284020,10032216,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Fuzz,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ college girl, She likes to manipulate people out of money. If youve got the cash shes got now problem doing a suck and ♥♥♥♥. Rebecca is into BDSM and Beastiality. Dont ask wether its a dude or a ♥♥♥♥♥ cause I dont ♥♥♥♥ing know."
76561198053327185,Recommended,284020,19389417,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Luke,"Maze Madness is an expertly crafted Action-Adventure Puzzle game with great gameplay designed for children. You are Freddi Fish, who travels from maze to maze picking up all the green kelp seeds within the mazes after your friend Luther accidentaly scattered them. The levels build in difficulty and this teaches the player how to solve increasingly complex puzzles, as well as how to deal with increasingly difficult and numerous enemies. There are several power-ups the player can find and use, and terrain objects like rocks, whirlpools, and enemy fish can be found within the mazes. Players will be rewarded for exploration and ingenuity with a lot of bonus items, treasure, and rooms that can be found if the player does not rush to finish levels.This game is child-friendly even for the youngest of ages, as Freddi Fish's ""lives"" consist of peanut butter and jellyfish sandwiches, which are eaten if you run into an enemy. For children who find the game too difficult, the game allows the player to toggle on/off an unlimited lives mode and/or an unlimited bubbles mode, both of which greatly decrease the difficulty of the game as far as enemies are concerned.Made in the 90s, this game still looks good with its animated graphics. There are 50 mazes, so the game is relatively short compared to newer games. This game also comes with a feature that allows players to create their own mazes, which is fun and very easy to do.Overall, this old games is very fun and recommened for children for its fun and constructive action-puzzle gamplay."
,Recommended,284020,31510162,Posted: 2 May,all,Capt. Daddy,I never beat Maze Madness as a kid so now I'm back for Round 2
76561198054848861,Not Recommended,284020,11549340,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Galaspark,"""As much as I really don't want to do this, I'm going to have to give this game a thumbs-down.""This was a fun game I remember from my youth. The game plays a lot like Pac-Man but does do a good job of differentiating itself by adding more collectibles. Sadly, it's not as fun as it was when I was younger. The controls really aren't very good, and this is a big problem since there's no reason for this to be the case. The game would have been a lot better if you could move Freddi Fish with the arrow keys instead of the mouse. You have to click on a place in the maze to make Freddi go there, but it's difficult to make her move. Freddi tries to go where you tell her to, but the path-finding system for Freddi doesn't take maze walls into account, so often you'll end up watching her swim back and forth. You end up having to click around a lot, instead of just clicking on a corner of the screen and waiting for Freddi to swim there automatically. Freddi doesn't just go on auto-pilot like you would expect, so the game should have been controlled with the arrow keys, or the WASD keys or whatever.It's quite difficult to avoid enemies. You can shoot bubbles by holding the mouse button down, or pressing Enter (which I don't recommend if you're right handed, since pressing Enter while moving the mouse is very difficult). These bubbles trap enemies briefly and make them unable to move or hurt you when you touch them, but you have a limited supply of bubbles, and there is no on-screen indicator of how many you have left. The bottom of the screen shows your score, lives, and a ""Quit"" button, but there's plenty of empty space that could have been devoted to showing how many bubbles are left, or how many kelp seeds you need to finish the level. By the way, once you collect all the seeds, the level ends. So make sure you've done everything you want to do before you get the last seed. I realize that this was probably intended to teach kids to prioritize their actions, but it gets annoying since you can't really tell if you're one kelp seed away from finishing the level. Fortunately, there's no time limit, so you can explore and backtrack as much as you need. Although this game has lives, which may seem like an outdated concept today, personally I think that this game handled it perfectly. You have 3 lives (unless you use the infinite lives cheat), and once you run out you simply return to the stage select screen. Your score returns to zero and you can keep playing. The game doesn't make you go back to the main menu, watch the opening cut-scene again, or put in a password like many old games that have lives and do it wrong. This game does have consequences for failure without putting you through unnecessary tedium.To conclude, this game has a good concept and was a 90's classic. However, it hasn't aged very well, and is let down by some of its flaws. It's disappointing because this game could be great even today if some of those flaws were ironed out. If you never played this game, I don't recommend it, but if you have played it, or want to get a fun game for your kids, I think it's pretty good for the nostalgia factor. As much as I really don't want to do this, I'm going to have to give it a thumbs-down."
,Recommended,284020,12264983,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sonkey the bear,8/8 wuld fap to
76561198046675266,Recommended,284020,30283232,Posted: 2 March,all,Dustin,"The sequel to Freddi Fish 2: The Case if the Haunted Schoolhouse.You control Freddi Fish and guide him through a maze to collect all the gems in each stage.It's not at all like the original games, but is still fun for kids.5/10"
,Recommended,284020,14168971,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,KissyBurns,My nostalgia boner is strong with this one.10/10.
76561198054960040,Recommended,284020,13516323,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jarensasaint,"A very slow game to start, but get challanging and fun. This is a kids game. Feels dated now, so only buy it cheap."
76561198063214018,Recommended,284020,13411225,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TheBlueBomber343,"My thoughts on the game:I almost never choose to play single player story mode. I just make levels and see how long it takes for people to beat them. I am not sure how fun this would by if you are playing it by yourself, but if you have other people to make levels for you to try and to play your levels it's pretty fun. I can play this for hours on end just making levels and trying to think up ways to make them harder with still giving the player the feeling that the reason they lost was because they wern't skilled enough. Right now, I would play this over many other games when I have more people to play the levels I make. XDGameplay:This game plays more or less like pac-man. It has three enemys, Green Fish: Goes right and left and only turns around when it hits something or if the player gets to near. Puffer Fish: Follows the player slowly and puffs up when it gets near. Shark: When the shark sees you it laughs and follows you. When the player comes in contact with the player the player loses one of their three lives and are placed back at their spawn loacation. The rest of the level won't reset when you lose a life.I rate this game a 9 out of 10.Reason I rate it 9 out of 10:I rate it 9 because the custom level builder is missing some of the things in the story mode levels. They could also easily add a multiplayer mode and larger level builder spaces. Just to get something clear, I am not comparing this game to anything to give it a 9. I am judging it on what type of game they are going for and how well they did it."
76561198137201199,Recommended,284020,19313863,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,stephekank,Kid friendly. Rated G content throughout entire game.
76561198154479757,Recommended,284020,23059135,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,bsandler818,"Ever since I was a child, this game has always been close to my heart. I remember the hours I used to spend intentionally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the angler fish by swimming behind him on level 18 and how I would have nightmares of the shark chasing me throughout a maze. I think on a first go-around, this game is ingenious, addictive and tons of fun. It's great discovering all the weird gizmos and gadgets in the later levels and the background music for some of the levels is simply remarkable. However, the level editor is absolutely horrific and I find it depressing that nobody has been able to get the in-house one to work yet. Had the level editor had everything the game did and you could create an endless possibility of custom levels, I easily would have given this game a 9/10. The enemies make downright disturbing noises at times, which can hamper enjoyment for more easily freaked out players. Regardless, this game is a solid 7.5/10 for the ingenious level designs, pleasing background music and the great fun to be had on a first go around. If you're an adult who grew up with this game or a child, definitely get it. And find out how to use that ♥♥♥♥ing in house level editor!Positives:* Great level design* Wonderful background music* Lots of fun to be had on the first go-around, when everything is new and innovativeNegatives:* A bit too short.* Needed a full level editor* You should've been able to play as Luthor."
,Recommended,284020,20743027,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SS MONTE 03,Game is great. I grew up with this game. And im very glad i can still buy the game. Works well on windows 10. Games this old are very mean about being on a perfect pc. Perfect graphics. exc. Had to do a lot of work to make it work. Please make sure it keeps up to date with new IOS.
,Recommended,284020,24680482,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,himitsu--p,"This game is pretty fun. I remember playing the series as a kid, and it brings up funny memories :)I don't reccomend this to people who hate older PC games, but I do recommend it if you want a blast-from-the-past!"
76561198085007342,Recommended,284020,28862478,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cornsauce,"Nostalgia rush. This game is just plain awesome and still has more legitimate elements of game design than are expected from most modern game developers. Levels and puzzles are engaging and making your own levels makes for tons of replayability and serious fun. In my eyes, a masterpiece. :D"
,Not Recommended,284020,35326310,Posted: 30 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Casual - Puzzle - Maze RelatedAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Its trashOustanding Issues:+Widescreen not supported with sidebars+Imprecise point to navigate interface in a pacman clone+Genderlfuid fish is being portrayed around as some strong female protagonist just because it has a weak male sidekickConclusion: I hate mazes, I got this because I wanted licenses to my gray market scummVM titles because I wanted to show I was a good boy and did not like piracy. I never thought I would like this. Just... ugh..."
