user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197969749884,Recommended,284390,32404065,Posted: 13 June,all,Sarkoth,"The Last Door is a Lovecraftian simple point and click adventure with extremely marvellous atmosphere and a captivating intriguing story.The graphics are minimal even for indie standards, yet the writing completely makes up for that. There's a lot of secrets and eastereggs to find and the episodes are all around 1-2 hours long and can be segmented leisurely.All in all, a brilliant Adventure."
,Recommended,284390,18494744,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Audish,"A mark of a good story is how well it sticks in your head. After the last scene, you roll the whole thing around like a completed Rubix Cube, pondering the moves that got you there and admiring the final work. I finished The Last Door awhile ago, and I'm still musing over all the threads it wove together.The game is broken into four episodes, about 30-40 minutes of point & click adventuring each. Each episode is a tight, entertaining scenario, and together they form a surprisingly gripping story. You take on the role of Jeremiah Devitt, a young man investigating the fate of his old classmate in a particularly bleak take on Victorian England. There's a great deal to uncover in each episode, some welcome variety in gameplay between them, and quite a few unexpected turns in the story. The third episode in particular takes the gameplay and story in a very strange direction that was off-putting at first, but I was pleased to see it tied up neatly with the rest of the plot.If you're not a fan of the low-res aesthetic, you may have some trouble with this title. The graphics are extremely chunky, almost to the point of obscurity in some cases. However, interactive items are usually very noticeable due to the layout of the scenes. Also, the lighting and animation is excellent and helps prop the visuals up. But what really carries the game is the sound design, both in effects and music. Every action in the game is accompanied with a perfect aural representation, and the music is expertly crafted to drive the emotions of each scene. The attention to detail in the sound work greatly enhances the impact of the game elsewhere, making many scenes a joy to play through.There are plenty of spooks to be had in this one as well, especially for an adventure game. The developers have a knack for surprising you at the most effective times, and leaving unsettling clues in just the right places. The desolate Victorian setting is used to great effect in setting the uneasy tone, which the story picks up and takes off with. It's perhaps the only point & click game I've played where I was on edge for almost the whole time. The puzzles don't detract from the atmosphere either, as they are almost entirely reasonable and logical.I ended up far more pleased with The Last Door than I ever expected. The atmosphere, writing, sound design, and gameplay were all top-notch, and even the pixel graphics worked in its favor by the end, leaving all the right bits to the imagination. The final episode has a solid ending, but leaves matters open for a second season which is mostly complete at this time. You can get the first episode of this first season for free from the developer's website, and the other three are only 0.99 GBP each, but with quality like this there's no reason not to go for the superior Steam version."
,Recommended,284390,10182675,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,D2Kvirus,"I first heard about The Last Door when the first episode appeared on Kongregate last year, and it immediately grabbed me with its chilling atmosphere and a Lovecraftian plot that is never far away from another sinister turn, with protagonist Jeremy Devitt trapped trying to solve a mystery that has consumed all those who have come into contact with it.The pacing is perfectly balanced, drip-feeding the chills from the second you take control and never letting up until it’s ready to pull the trigger on the shock moment, with the music and the sound design heightening the tension (not least in episode one, where you have a half dead crow in your inventory and you will hear its pitiful squawks until the “item” is used – and then there’s the bonus scene where you perform an autopsy…)The Last Door should appeal to fans of old school point-and-click adventures as it’s a fine example of the breed, while fans of the survival horror genre should give it a try as there is more genuine horror in each half hour episode of the game than there is in the last couple of Resident Evil games combined.Most of all, though, I’m glad to see The Last Door reaching a wider audience, and hopefully it will get the attention and the acclaim that it so richly deserves, so more people can have its claws sunk into them as it burrows into the deepest reaches of their subconscious making sure that while they may leave, they'll always come back."
,Recommended,284390,10325808,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Chudah,"Who would have thought that the next great horror game would be a pixelated homage to Lovecraft and Poe? I had been following The Last Door's development since its Kickstarter roots, and as soon as it popped up on Steam the game was in my cart and my wallet $10 lighter.The game starts off ominous enough; a suicide, a letter, and a friend vowing to uncover the truth of it all. Set in the 1880's, our protagonist Devitt embarks on a journey through forgotten memories that threaten to lead him to the depths of insanity itself. That's not exactly what I was expecting from this game, but I am certainly not complaining.I realize the graphics are a turn off for a lot of people, especially considering how the pixelated art style is used in a lot of games these days, many of which are of questionable quality. However, if you can look past them and allow yourself to delve into the atmospheric world The Game Kitchen creates, you might find that the style works to enhance the game setting rather than take away from it. The best horror stories let your imagination fill in the blanks, which is quite often much more terrifying than anything the author can show you. Here, it is almost as if The Last Door provides your mind with a canvas of outlined images and then invites your imagination to paint in the details. The result is quite effective and works much better than I would have expected for a game in this medium.What the graphics cannot infer is tasked to the sound design which does a phenomenal job of conveying actions that we are unable to distinguish from the low fidelity images. There is a memorable scene in which the screen goes black and we must experience events solely through audio clues. This again enhances the horror of the situation as your mind works to figure out what is happening through sound alone.Mention must be made of the amazing orchestral soundtrack that helps set the time period and builds atmosphere while providing needed emotional cues as you make your way through the game.  I am not exaggerating when I say the soundtrack is worth the price tag alone. Thankfully a downloadable version will be added to the Collector's Edition very soon.Amazing atmosphere means nothing without a compelling narrative to pull it all together, and this is where The Last Door truly excels.  Each episode is created very much like a chapter in a novel with a narrative structure that leads smoothly through the story while allowing the flow of events to move back and forth through flashbacks. This serves to build the protagonist's back story while unfolding the mystery in an engaging manner. As such, it takes more than a single play through to appreciate missed details that further develop the story. Once finished, the mini-sodes only available in this Collector's Edition fill in tiny details surrounding the characters and events, further building the world and mythos. The season ends in a cliffhanger with quite a few unresolved threads that lead into the next, yet the story is well rounded despite it.  I can see the potential for this story translating into other mediums with how well it has been plotted, written and structured.Having said all that, I have yet to mention anything about game play.  When a story is this good, sometimes it is easy to overlook flaws in the game itself, not that there are many here assuming you enjoy classic LucasArts-style adventure games.  The Last Door is your very standard point and click adventure that has you searching for items to complete tasks which opens up additional areas of exploration.  The game logic is pretty straightforward without anything overly obtuse.  Objective clues may take a bit of thought but make sense and are not too vague. Some of the game's difficulty indeed stems from the lower quality graphics making a few obtainable/clickable objects unrecognizable. However, the pointer does a good job of alerting you to areas that have actions, one just needs a little patience to thoroughly search their surroundings before moving on.I can go on and on about the many things I love about this game, but it's best for one to fully explore and experience it for oneself.  The Last Door exceeded my expectations in so many ways, I will surely follow and support these developers in their future endeavors.  It seems as if finding a truly great indie game these days is like finding a diamond in the rough. Fortunately, this diamond sparkled bright enough to draw my interest.One final note - The Last Door can be played on Kongregate for those who may be interested in trying it out before purchasing.  Episode 4, however, is currently only available through game pledges on the developer's website and in this Collector's Edition, which also includes 4 exclusive mini-sodes and achievements."
,Recommended,284390,22659513,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Pointnclickster,"If you had told me that a point & click game with highly pixelated graphics would prove to be a disturbing and genuinely creepy experience, I would have been skeptical. I never believed that a point and click game could be scary...until now.The Last Door takes its inspiration straight from the masters of horror: H.P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allan Poe. The story and themes draw on various themes that they wrote about, and it is done in such a way that those who are familiar with their works will appreciate the homage done to them. For those who have not read their work, they will be chilled by this dark and disturbing story...and hopefully get interested and read the source material.Now, if you are willing to give the pixelated graphics a chance, I think you will be amazed at how they lend themselves to the story and the overrall tone of the game. This game takes place in the Victorian time period, and the graphics call back to an earlier time as well. The disturbing scenes, I believe, are made to be even creepier in pixelated form.I love the music in this game. It really captures the tone of a dark, gothic, Victorian, horror story. The lighting, music, and overrall atmosphere create an atmosphere of dread in which you know there will not be a happy ending.The puzzles themselves are not difficult, but very intuitive. The gameplay is a standard point-and-click format. The episodes themselves are not that long. This game could probably be beaten in a few hours. The only negative I could find (this is a tiny nitpick) is that there are certain Easter eggs in the game, and to discover them, you really need a guide. It's not a matter of exploring everywhere, but making sure that the timing is right to unlock said Easter eggs. However, the overrall gaming experience is not hindered by this.Since this is The Last Door Season 1, the game ended on quite a cliffhanger. It wrapped up enough questions answered but left enough to ponder and anticipate for Season 2. I am really looking forward to continuing the story."
76561197975064983,Not Recommended,284390,23268569,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rymania,"Episode 1 was amazing. However I believe the rest of the game was funding by Kickstarter and I can only presume the undoubtedly deserved success inflated the creators ego.Episode 2 is the polar opposite of Episode 1. We now have the introduction of 'cutscenes' and tedious dream sequences, that force you on to rails and to simply just keep clicking through them. The common annoyances of point-and-click genre, that were so excellently avoided in episode 1, all return in episode 2. For example:SPOILERSA music box item, that upon examination doesn't even tell you can't open it or use it. The only way you would discover it's use is by doing the classic, immersion-breaking, technique of attempting to combine all your items in your inventory together.An NPC stands by a window, blocking your progress. However at no point are you told that you need to access the window or move the NPC to progress. Furthermore, there is no clue given as to which item you use to move the NPC. The only way this puzzle is solved is by systematically using the correct item in every room. This really dragged me out of the intense claustrophobic atmosphere the first episode immersed me in.A statue requires an item placed in it, a fair point-and-click trope. However upon examination, there is no indication the statue requires something placed in it, or that it is possible to. The only way to solve this puzzle is by systematically trying all your items against the statueEND SPOILERSThe first episode flowed so well, was sensible and really drew me in. Then episode 2 threw me right back out, it's tedious gameplay stopping me from wanting to play on, despite the story starting to hook me."
,Recommended,284390,34533092,Posted: 27 August,all,Prah,"Very interesting story with a horror-esque theme, gave some Lovecraftian vibes. The point and click is quite easy to figure out, and the game looks really good even though it's low-pixel so to speak. The game is quite short (four episodes which takes about 2-3 hours to complete all together) but still holds up."
76561197978131107,Recommended,284390,18863308,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Superbeef,"This game surprised me. I tend to chew through adventure games and spit most of them out in the process, looking for those rare gems and refusing to waste time with anything less. This one had me hooked right from the start. It hits those necessary notes perfectly and with careful deliberation.. Lots of games use pixel art to justify a low art budget, but this makes pixel art look pixelated. The resolution is something like 120x120, less than old CGA games. And as a result the art takes on this impressionistic feeling that just works in a compelling way. It's ultra low res, but it's crafted extremely well. The combination works in surprising ways.. The writing is good, and what isn't written is communicated visually with a similarly deft hand.. The orchestral soundtrack is absolutely bonkers in how good it is. A three hour long game should not have music this rich.. Finally, the length of the game is just right. It ends before any adventure game fatigue sets in. To be fair, if I had been waiting for this to come out episode-by-episode, I would have been less than impressed, but taken as a whole and burning through the entire game in a night, it fit.. It ends on a sequel which is a -1 point deduction, I can give them a pass.It still contains your typical adventure game inventory stuff, but I never really struggled with where to go or what to do next. The few instances where I did backtrack aimlessly were because I overlooked something clickable. That didn't happen often enough to frustrate me."
,Recommended,284390,32811316,Posted: 26 June,all,The Top Man,"A great point and click game with an intriguing story, well designed puzzles and exceptional sound design which really enhances the atmosphere. While the pixel graphics are also a big part of the atmosphere, they are sometimes a little TOO pixely, making it difficult to pick out different interactable objects in the environment.Dirt cheap, and minor issues aside, this is an excellent little game. Give it a try."
,Recommended,284390,10185632,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Shifty Slug,"I won’t be mentioning anything story related in this post, simply because it’s a very good story and i don’t want to spoil anything for anyone. It’s an homage to authors like H.P. Lovecraft. The game from the start sets the mood of the game. The first scene you see is from a guy who is going to hang himself (which you control, so you are doing it).  After that you go to the character that you are going to play in the story Jeremiah, and as you move through the story you see that things are connected and the mystery unravel.So while this game is in 8 bit it does not take away from the experience you have, even so it might make it more spooky. It’s 8 bit very well done, and very easy on the eyes. Everything looks beautiful, and you immediately see what each object is supposed to be.The horror part of the game. well i would not go as far to compare it to something like amnesia style horror. there are some “mild jump scares”. But what this game does do very good, is putting you on the edge of your seat. every step you take the music and sound effects will set the mood on it all. from dark rooms where you walk around with just a lantern to large hallways. In short the atmosphere in this game is very well done.The game has 4 episodes included, and while the original game is free to some extend, the graphics in this version have been upgraded. It’s has an awesome soundtrack created by Carlos Voila. And the Steam edition has 4 extra mini episodes. Each episode you can complete in about 45 minutes to an hour. Depending on how long you look at things and want to discover every nook and cranny in the game.So if you want some story driven suspense during the weekend, then i would recommend picking this one up"
,Recommended,284390,32402596,Posted: 13 June,all,Baguettalus,"The Last Door is a wonderful combination of pixelated graphics, point and click gameplay and a Lovecraftian horror story that works really well. It has an amazing, creepy atmosphere supported by great music and sound effects, and an intriguing story that constantly keeps you hooked. Every puzzle in the game is logical. If you're a fan of point and click games that don't have insane moon logic puzzles, you're gonna like this."
76561198062731963,Recommended,284390,26355588,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,PwnedNewb,"A masterpiece. 10/10, well worth the money. Captivating narrative, fantastic atmoshphere, brilliant soundtrack. This game has impressed me with its every aspect. Only negative thing about this game is that there isn't more of it. Season 3 please...I played and finished this game twice with my friend on his account. Now I'm purchasing it just to support the makers after having enjoyed their game tremendously."
,Recommended,284390,31940332,Posted: 24 May,all,Muldjord,"Even though the graphics are so old-school that even the Atari 2600 could compete with the pixel size, this game manages to ooze of atmosphere. And it also has a lot more colors and gradients than the 2600 of course. It makes the mind fill in the blanks so to speak. So even if the detail is limited, it doesn't really matter. It works! Music and sound effects are awesome too!The story is gritty and dark, and even scares you at times. It does get a bit too abstract for my taste at some points, but it managed to wheel me back in by cleverly putting it all in perspective just as I thought I had lost all grasp on what was going on. So don't worry too much if you feel like you're loosing track with the story. It is intended to be that way. It sortof portrays how the main character is himself feeling.I'm 4 hours into the first season so far. The only real downside to the game is that it needs Adobe AIR to run. Which basically means the Linux version is broken from the get-go. I bought it to play on Linux, but was forced to turn on my Windows machine and stream it to Linux instead. Adobe AIR just didn't want to run the game in Linux. That saddens me a bit, since most indie-developers seem to have a good grasp with the Linux community. So Linux gamers, beware! This game is ""supported"" under SteamOS/Linux, but not really..."
,Recommended,284390,29354039,Posted: 19 January,all,Pure Doomium,"Even though the first chapter of the first season is available for free online, its atmosphere doesn't remotely scratch the surface of the incredibly vast range of feelings that the series causes the player to experience - admittedly, most of the emotions revolving around the core feeling of horror.The Last Door is a game that should be left completely unspoiled, and even if I tried to ruin someone's joy of experiencing this dark journey for themselves, there is an immense amount of lore, events, and characters to it, so it would be incredibly difficult to even semi-accurately reflect the brilliance of this series.The game is not only praised by me for its story and writing - don't get me wrong, I'd still claim it to be one of the best puzzle or horror games I've ever played with other elements being sub-par. It isn't, however, the case with The Last Door. I tried to find flaws with the game and couldn't find anything that everyone could agree with it being a flaw. Let me begin with the things that some people could find undesirable:-No voice-overs. Sure, some people are lazy and don't want to read much. To those people I can only say - fair enough. However, even if you don't enjoy reading because it might bore you, I very much doubt that The Last Door will make you not want to read the dialogues or notes that you may stumble upon, as they help uncover the story in an incredibly fascinating way. If you're still reading this - perfect. Now on to why I don't think that the lack of voice-overs is an issue. It leaves you, the player, free to assign all the characters your own imaginary voices - perhaps to you one character sounds rough and strong, while to someone else they might sound sensitive and caring, judging by their words. There is also always a chance that voices would damage the game's atmosphere, as without them, the player can listen to The Last Door's music - there is a plethora of tracks, all of them carefully composed to suit the atmosphere of the location the player is in.-Jumpscares. Some people enjoy them, some don't. I belong to the group of the latter. The amount of them in the game is very low, and I have to admit that they're really well-executed, even though I got scared by none of them. However, they do help shape the atmosphere of the location and after the initial feeling of being caught off-guard has passed, the player is left with being disturbed by what had happened.Now, with cons out of the way, let me go over the pros!-The audio. I love music - I'm absolutely fascinated by it, from composing and playing to listening to it. Music can be really beautiful and stimulating; it can cause us to feel different emotions and get us in different moods. It can illustrate the atmosphere of something or some situation better than any words ever could. That is precisely what The Last Door's soundtracks do. Apart from being mostly extremely enjoyable to listen to due to their composition and execution, they set the feeling that locations or events carry with them. The ones that aren't extremely enjoyable? Those would be the few tracks that are really dissonant (i.e. they make you wince when you listen to them, which doesn't make them bad per se, mind you. For example try playing or looking up a tritone, which is a very much dissonant interval) and are not to be enjoyed, but they create this really haunting atmosphere.-The graphics. It seems that a lot of people are divided here; The Last Door's graphics are really pixelated by design. Sure, it is sometimes difficult to make out what is what, I suppose, even though it never prevented me or made it more difficult for me to progress. Personally, I really enjoy that stylistic choice. Not because I am a fan of pixelated graphics, I usually prefer it when there is a lot of detail. So why do I enjoy this world of pixels? Again, it's because it leaves you, the player, free to interpret what's going on - to shape the looks of the locations and chaaracters for yourself. What you see on the screen is merely a canvas with a few outlines, and your mind is the brush, completing the painting. You can never see the face of any character, and so you're left to imagine whaat they look like for yourself, to shape their looks the way you believe fits best, and I find that amazing.-The storyline (spoiler-free). *Page left intentially blank*-The characters (spoiler-free). Every person that appears in the game has their own personality, even ones that barely speak or interact with the player. You are guaranteed to find some characters that you will like, and some that you will hate, most likely the moment you read their first line of dialogue. They also look different in terms of appearance, even though they're heavily pixelated. The player can also learn more about many of them through reading various notes that can be found in the game's world. I'd love to elaborate, but then spoilers would inevitably occur.-The controls. Well, it's point and click, so a mouse is all you need. You just click on objects, you can combine some of them, and so on. There's no dragging, quick-time events, or anything else. You just click to move your character around, go to different locations, and interact with your surroundings. Really straight-forward.-The puzzles. At first you might get stuck here and there occasionally, not knowing what to do. You might need to look up guides to just learn where you're supposed to use that one item you have to progress because you're utterly lost. After a while, hopefully sooner than later, you will get used to the puzzles and will have much less difficulty figuring out what to do. It may temporarily damage the immersion, but it might very well be just me who got stuck a few times, not knowing what to do. It is, of course, possible to figure it all out without any guide, but they're there, just in case you might need them.*TL;DR/Conclusion here*So, what do I think of The Last Door? In short, it's a game that has left me stunned and longing for more, for some game or any other medium that would make me feel similar emotions to the ones I felt while playing this one. It made me at times scared, or feeling sympathy towards certain characters, while despising others, all while I was well-aware that they are perfectly fictional. However, two emotions that were constantly there while I was playing The Last Door were being disturbed to a various degree, and the utter curiosity to discover what was waiting for me next.Thank you for reading my review, and I wish you a good day."
,Recommended,284390,25939942,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"The Last Door - Season One is a game that's a conglomeration of four chapters; each that were released on Kickstarter throughout 2013. At first, developer The Game Kitchen saw very few backers, but that gradually changed with the creation of each new episode. Finalized and bundled into one season title, The Last Door has seen great success with the gaming community, and it has received many awards since its release in May of 2014.The player will control Jeremiah Devitt, a man who receives a letter from his old schoolmate and friend, Anthony Beechworth. The arcane contents unsettle Devitt, and so he goes out in search of the whereabouts of his former classmate. What disentangles is a vague, perplexing mystery as Devitt uncovers long forgotten secrets from his youth. Each episode takes place in a different area of Victorian England, ranging from a creepy old manor to an unsettling nunnery, and even crypts. The story is very convoluted and at times dry, it's definitely not something that is going to appeal to a large variety of people. As well, one couldn't necessarily call this a horror game so much as it is a mystery title at best.The Last Door has been heavily inspired by the works of famous authors such as H.P. Lovecraft, Jorge Luis Borges, and Edgar Allan Poe. Judging by many of the reviews and comments on this game, people seem to believe that it's more so Lovecraftian than anything, but I did not have this perception during my 4 hours with the title. If anything, The Last Door feels overwhelmingly Poe inspired; not only given the large amount of ravens that are dealt with, but the overall writing style. There's nothing here discussing the void, abyss, cosmos, or anything else that would indicate a huge presence of Lovecraft, though the obscurity of the storyline may fall into a Lovecraftian twist category.In relation to other point and click pixel graphic games, The Last Door doesn't stand out much from the crowd. The art is well done, but it's also become a fairly standard style within the last couple of years. Objects are easy to spot since they're highlighted when you mouse over them, and there's only so many items that you can click on; needless to say, the puzzles are relatively easy to solve, so long as you don't mind a bit of repetitive wandering. There are plenty of notes and diaries to read to delve further into the story, and there are a handful of ""minisodes"" to explore that last between 1-3 minutes. The soundtrack on the other hand is absolutely incredible, it's extremely dramatic and it easily overwhelms the senses. It's nice to know that as of September 6, 2016, the developer has included the OST with the game for free.I'm personally a big fan of Victorian Gothic style, and I love the works of Poe and especially Lovecraft. That being said, I didn't find The Last Door to be everything that people have hyped it up to be. The story can come off really dry at times, and it's shrouded in mystery; you get the general gist of what's going on by the end, but nothing is revealed for certain. The gameplay doesn't have very many puzzles so much as simply running around and collecting items to use at a later time. The Last Door is neither bad nor something to praise to the sun and back, it's really just an average Victorian Gothic point and click.Rating:3.0/5.0- Average, can take it or leave it.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,284390,10206023,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,UnixAnt,"First of all, this really shouldn't be marketed as a Linux game.  This is an Adobe AIR game and Linux support for AIR was abandoned by Adobe years ago.  There are unsupported ways to work around this on a 64-bit Linux system, but your mileage may vary and none of these solutions worked for me.  I am not prepared to change my Linux distribution just to play a game, so sadly I cannot recommend this if you are a Linux user.With that out of the way, I did manage to install this on my work laptop (which I'm not supposed to do) and what I did find is a thoroughly enjoyable and very atmospheric point & click adventure.  It isn't particularly taxing, but I view this game more as a piece of interactive fiction rather than a fiendish puzzle adventure.  The graphics are 'typical pixel art' but the art style, along with the intentional murkiness of the colouring, suit the atmosphere perfectly.The music is exceptional and I cannot praise the composer highly enough.  He has managed to set the mood perfectly, and without the haunting soundtrack playing in the background, I don't think the game would have the polish and the impact that it has.Highly recommended if you are a fan of dark, story-driven adventure games, just heed my warning about the Linux compatibility, lest you be disappointed by the myriad of compatibility issues..."
,Recommended,284390,12617088,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,NovaWild,Wonderful game. Full of atmosphere and tension with a lovely art style.
76561198146670896,Recommended,284390,33306859,Posted: 6 July,all,Smoothlad,"The game works fairly decent when it needs to,the lovecraftian elements The last door tries to pull are not always in-your-face even though there are certain elements of lovecraftian tales which are impossible to refer in subtle ways, unless you are an extremely talented writer.cult,ancient gods, insanity these are all staples of Lovecraftian stories, and this game pulls all of those levers like you'd expect it to.Nothing really suprising going on with this game in that sense.But the elements that this game pulls off perfectly is its atmosphere and the horror, its slowburn and its (to some extent) very effective.The music is okay, and it works for game's charm.Puzzles in this game might turn out extremly derivative for you if you go into this game expecting old-school adventure game kinda stuff.The offers very small amount of replayability unless you want to get all those achievements.Its a good game that you should definatly check out but you must not go into this adventure expecting something outstanding.Pros:-great use of horror and medium itself-Story has a heart, it doesnt just feels like a bland homage to lovecraft-sets a fantastic atmosphere which actually works!cons:-the artstyle, its way too non-expressive even for pixel-indie game standards.Really feels like there wasnt much thought put into the art-style of this game.-underwhelming writing: the dialogues of The last door season 1 are just there for you to read,there is nothing much to chew on those lines of texts."
,Recommended,284390,32890266,Posted: 27 June,all,IamaWizardAMA,"The Last Door is an exemplary adventure game. The story is engrossing, and the puzzles never fall into that ""I have 40 items in my inventory and have no idea what to do next"" trap that a lot of older adventure games do. I think there was only one time I felt the solution to the puzzle was a bit obtuse, which is a big deal for me when playing a point-and-click game. I don't want to spoil the story, so I'll only say that the further down the rabbit hole you go, the more demented things become. Where this game really shines, though, is in its atmosphere. I didn't think a game with such simple graphics could create such a rich and foreboding atmosphere, but they way they combine it with incredible sound design creates a level of dread I hadn't felt while playing an adventure game. Do yourself a favor and play this with headphones on and let the game take you on a ride."
,Recommended,284390,26444662,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Godsirra,Such a good game! They did a really good job with the sound and the music. Recommended :)
,Recommended,284390,26368569,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Smoker,I can't believe how good this is with these graphics. Excellent sound and creepy atmosphere.
76561198079437716,Recommended,284390,10202005,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SelTar,"I played this online before i get it here but i never finished it until now. It is a very well made point and click adventure that I would highly reccomend. It has an extremely creepy atmosphere and story. Aside from a few jump scares (the kind that are added in to make you uneasy not just for cheap scares) there is not much horror, just a lot of creepy and mysterious characters, atmosphere, etc. So if you dislike being chased in horror games or anything like that you should be fine. It has a pixelated look to it which adds to the creepyness and also makes it much easier to take in your surroundings so you can solve puzzles with less confusion. My only issue is that a few of the answers to puzzles are things you probably would not think of so it requires some senseless trial and error in some parts. However, the story and experience alone are enough to make this game a must-play even if you are not a fan of the gameplay. I could go into so many details about this game but its better off if you just play it yourself."
76561198061903331,Recommended,284390,10210553,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MellowCell,Original Monkey Island meets Original Last Half of Darkness. Great story; easy flowing play... can't wait for the continuation.
76561198116302583,Recommended,284390,24679766,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,_drin,"Without a doubt, this is the best pixelated horror game that I have ever played.At the beginning, I didn't feel the Lovecraftian atmosphere, but, as soon as Chapter 2 started, I got it why people often refer to it (and a mix of Poe). The puzzles aren't hard, and the game itself is not challenging, but it stands out on it is own with the amazing atmosphere and overwhelming story. If you're a fan of this kind of genre, I suggest you to try it out."
,Recommended,284390,26273295,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Spencer,"As a huge fan of Lovecraft, I'd have to say this is one of the best Lovecraftian games I have played. It follows his themes while still being original. The puzzles are challenging but not to the extent that you have to read the developers' minds to know the solutions.More than anything, The Last Door excells at establishes an eerie atmosphere (even in pixels!) which creates a real sense of dread. But, unlike most horror games where you just want to yell at the stupid protagonist to turn back before it's too late, you find yourself drawn along by an insatiable and damning need to know. You actually feel like a character in one of Lovecraft's stories: ancient rites to malovlent, misanthropic entities unlocking awesome power beyond man's control or even perception, yet  that to look upon or ponder these mysteries is to destroy one's sanity."
,Recommended,284390,25991057,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Baphomet,"The Last Door (Season One) is a retro crowd-funded point and click adventure game with lovecraftian overtones. The protagonist, Jeremiah Devitt receives a letter from an old friend asking for his help and sets off on an adventure fraught with mystery and terror.Visuals in TLD are minimalistic to the point of being almost incomprehensible and I immediately had flashbacks of playing old Sierra text-parser adventure games. Thankfully, there is a point and click interface. Additionally, the graphical minimalism actually works in favor of the player since, with larger pixels, there is less of a “hunt” to find interactive objects.Puzzles range from generally easy to extremely easy with maybe one or two particular puzzles requiring the player to stop and think, so it’s best to go into TLD treating it as a story-based PnC game (a la telltale games) than as a serious adventure game.The game is about 4-5 hours long and, for an average minimum sale price of $2, will give you just enough bang for your buck for a quick game to play over the course of a single evening. I’m looking forward to trying the sequel, once another sale rolls around."
,Recommended,284390,14604964,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"The Last Door is a stylish low-res horror game divided up into several small episodes. These episodes come together to form the first ‘season’ (the game you see here).From the opening moments of the very first episode you are plunged into a stylish and engaging Lovecraftian tale. I won’t spoil these moments, as they are part of what gives The Last Door its power and potency. The game draws on multiple horror staples (Poe, Lovecraft, even a touch of Chambers's 'The King in Yellow'), but whilst the game plays on these themes it builds its own universe to play in. There are no tentacled horrors patrolling corridors, the game carves out a new and creepy world, and hints at the things that may lie beyond. As a result, the story felt less like it was ticking off Lovecraftian references and a little less predictable.Whilst a few of the horror moments fell short by being expected, they hit more often than they miss and there are plenty of them. The game plays more on creeping, foreboding horror than outright frights, although there are a fair share of those too. The music adds brilliantly to both the tension and the feeling of grandeur, the pixel art adds power to your mind’s eye, whilst the sound design brings each scene to life and the writing style keeps you engaged.Each episode is interesting and engaging, moving the story forward and introducing new characters and twists. There’s a surprising amount of depth to be uncovered here. The puzzles are relatively straightforward, but the storyline gains more depth with each episode you play through. There are several side-episodes available in the ‘extras’ menu too, offering a few extra plot points and a little more intrigue to each episode.I eagerly await season two, and thoroughly recommend season one to those who enjoy adventure games and horror stories.Oh, and play it with headphones on if you can, it’s an experience worth immersing yourself in, and the sounds and music do that spectacularly."
,Recommended,284390,34589335,Posted: 29 August,all,Dauntless3788,"By far one of the best-made adventure games I have ever played.The simplistic graphics bely a well-developed Lovecraftian storyline and a genuine sense of unease throughout. At every step I was captivated, and I played through every chapter as if I was enthralled with a fantastic book.Unlike many adventure games the puzzles are not outrageously confusing. Each one has a logical solution which can be discovered through problem solving and exploration.My final point is the soundtrack. Each song is well written for the settings, and the intro song is a beautiful piece that blended a feeling of suspense, desperation, and futility.Overall, I give this a definite recommend to anyone interested in adventure games and even more to people who enjoy the writings of HP Lovecraft. Check it out!"
,Recommended,284390,10235449,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ZAPBoston,"The Last Door is a great game worth purchasingI didn’t know much aboutThe Last Doorby Spanish developerThe Game Kitchenuntil I saw a video preview by Patrick Klepek on one of hisGiantBomb.comfeatures. Even though it was originally available as a free flash game on Kongregate, I had no problems purchasing the special Collector’s Edition. It was well worth the value.The Last Dooris a point-and-click adventure. I was too young to play point-and-click adventures during their peak of popularity. My puzzle solving skills might be a little weaker than other players but I was able to solve most of the puzzles. The couple of puzzles I couldn’t solve, after reading a walkthrough, I realized the puzzle was completely logical and I just wasn’t experimenting with all the inventory combinations.The real joy ofThe Last Doorisn’t the puzzles but the story and atmosphere.The Last Dooris the best Lovecraft game I’ve played sinceHeadfirst Productions’ 2005Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of Earth. The story is great. It’s a great Lovecraft pastiche with a mysterious letter from an old friend setting the protagonist off on a journey that will unveil the meaning of his long-forgotten memories and disquieting dreams.The art style, sound design, and sound track are amazing. Some might wonder if the pixelated art style supports the horror genre. It really works well. I had some legitimate jump scares from this pixel horror. Plus, the developers did some cool work with lighting and camera angle. The sound effects are great – between the physical knocks on door to the distant wails from unknown creatures. Finally, the sound track by Carlos Viola does an amazing job in matching the art design and supporting the mood.Between the satisfying atmosphere and the puzzles, this is a game worth purchasing and playing. I also recommend buying it on Steam to help the developers rather than playing for free so that a Season 2 gets created.I hope other players experienceThe Last Doorand enjoy it as much as I did."
,Recommended,284390,10224669,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,atomikfreak,"If you like horror and P&C adventure games, this one is great!"
,Recommended,284390,15904299,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Azathoth,"The Last Door is described as a ""journey to the brink of madness"" and ""a love letter to H.P. Lovecraft"".  During the introduction the influence was clear and as a big fan of Lovecraft, I was immediately hooked.  Fans of Lovecraftian horror should enjoy this point and click title.  Despite it not being an actual Lovecraft story, the themes are familiar; helplessness, hopelessness, the fragility or sanity and human vulnerability.As a big fan of point and click games, I have played surprisingly few horror point and click titles.  The Last Door isn't terrifying by any means, but it succeeds in creating a creepy atmosphere through the use of pixel graphics and orchestral music.  While the pixel graphics sometimes make things more confusing (objects becoming difficult to spot), the orchestral music is definitely one of the strongest features of the game.  I would go as far as to say the score is perfect.The graphics may not be for everyone, but for others it is probably a plus.  The length is spot on, the atmosphere is creepy and the interface is simple and clever.  It may not be a game for everyone, but if anything I have written sounds interesting, then you should at least pick up Season One on sale."
,Recommended,284390,33951447,Posted: 1 August,all,Это. Просто. Нечто,got me scared af in the first house lmaoda art is so beautiful such effort 10/10
,Recommended,284390,32651997,Posted: 22 June,all,hUGO,"Well, I just finished the first episode and DAMN son that was tight. For now, I recommend it; and if it continues like this, I will continue to recommend it!Okay I just finished the game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,284390,23425688,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,flora.zwj,"最近刚把这个追了三年的游戏一口气重新打了一遍，结局让人唏嘘不已，真理四（五？）人组探索人类未知，魂断异界在所不惜；医生组心系病人，一路追寻，甚至牺牲自我。虽然最终团灭（？个人理解回来的那个人起了轻生的念头），却离""不可名状""之物更近一步，大概人类科学发展就是这样一个过程，前赴后继，在通往真理的路上横尸遍野。最后力赞游戏原声，将这款像素解密游戏的文艺范和惊悚度提升了200%!I have been following this game as well as the Game Kitchen since the debut of their first episode three years ago. Recently I purchased Collector's Edition and played all eight episodes again. The story ended in such a mind-crushing way that I could feel my soul trembling. Despite all the spooky experiments conducted by four (five?) witnesses, they've shown great efforts and very large extend to which human beings can possibly make. Considering that the path to the truth is sometimes terrified and always comes with sacrifices, this game can be very realistic.The soundtrack is also a work of art, a masterpiece.  It is emotional, has strong resonance with scenes and surely brings up the horror to a new level. All thumbs up."
,Recommended,284390,25437578,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nonon,"What an amazing atmosphere, sound design and incredible sense of pace. As a huge Lovecraft fan, I love this game. In contrast to other lovecraftian horror interactive experiences, like dark corners of the earth, which basically places you in a few of the weird tales settings, this is a story that grasps the mastery of the genre's narrative and reflects it as a play. It's like interacting with the theater and watch the plot unroll. This game is amazing. If you are a huge fan of lovecraftian horror, I can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,284390,10227298,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Bed,"I've never been so engrossed in atmosphere with so few pixels. Great story and logical puzzles, a must for any p&c adventure fan."
76561198070048992,Recommended,284390,11140983,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SeoulFull,"Horror is best served shaken, not stirred.A classic Vodka Martini is a very simple concept. 3 ounces of Vodka, 1 ounce of dry vermouth, shake with 1 cup of ice until the liquid is cold, serve with a chilled martini glass and garnish with an olive. The same concept can be applied to the horror genre as well. A classic work of horror needs a good story, atmosphere, and intriguing characters.So what do I mean when I say horror is best served shaken, and not stirred? Anyone can make a ""classic vodka martini"", but in order to make a good cocktail one must look at the quality and quantity of the products, and how the cocktail is served. An example, the brine the olive rests in can change the overall flavor of the drink therefore cheap olives can sour the finest vodka. Most modern horror games lean on things such as jump scares or ambient sound, which can stir the player but it can also shift focus from a good story to concern about when and where the next scare might come from. A balance is needed to fully immerse the player so they can be shaken, but still enjoy the story.The Last Door has flown under my radar for a good part of the year until it arrived on steam. I knew nothing of the devs (The Game Kitchen) and I was a bit wary of the graphics, could such simple graphics achieve a desired atmosphere needed to convey horror? With each chapter crowd funded could this hinder the quality as well? The Last Door: Collector's Edition is only the first season.After playing the first chapter (or Episode) ""The Letter"" I was hooked. The main character Jeremiah Devitt has received a letter from a childhood friend Anthony Beechworth, a simple but chilling message causes him to visit his home, seeking answers to what has happened to his childhood friend. By the end I couldn't wait to play the next chapter.Carlos Viola is beind the music for The Last Door. For such a simple looking game I admit I wasn't expecting anything but simple. Sometimes it's good to be wrong and perhaps we shouldn't expect anything but enjoy what we are given. The music is like the perfect vermouth which accompanies a premium vodka. Each track is amazing and really sets the tone for the overall story. In horror atmosphere is everything and Mr. Viola does not disappoint.I hope the second season comes soon. As I am writing this I can see the 5th chapter has been funded. Do I recommend The Last Door? Of course I do, I highly recommend it. In today's market there are many drinks on the bar menu but if you are ever in the mood for something premium with a great balance while being simple try a classic martini.I also have Ornithophobia thanks to The Last Door"
,Recommended,284390,11005242,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mentasm,"Poetic, dark, simple, and well composed. A testament to the idea that a game does not have to be graphically intensive to be a unique work of art.  Wishlist this for the next sale if you need a little depth in your gaming experience."
76561198014341803,Recommended,284390,11234286,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kinkiller,"It´s a story about students having dealt with occult (al)chemical researches in their fraternity in the past.  A few decades later one of them comitts suicide, sends an alarming letter to the protagonist and the story begins.Classic point-and click adventure with a retro-styled graphic, pleasant puzzles and a wonderful atmosphere. Awesome soundtrack by Carlos Viola! Enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,284390,12321826,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,xDiogenes,"This dark side scrolling thriller is only limited by its graphics. The story will catch you and hold you to play until the end only to ask for more. The game came from their official website were it was an in-browser, as well as downloadable by episode but you had to donate to play every episode of it, but now with its release on steam it makes the whole process a whole lot easier. The game has a very definitve story and hours of gameplay that seems to always suprise the gamer. This game is an art, not maybe by if graphics if you don't appreciate pixel art, but most of all in its rich thriller story book feel and ability to challenge you to become the protaganist and solve the events unfolding around you as your life drives into a dark and mad journey."
,Recommended,284390,12754474,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rooski,"As someone that played the first episode of The Last Door when it was free onnewgrounds.com, I was very excited to see this collection on steam.After finishing the four episodes included in this collection, I can definitely say my excitment was  justified. The Last Door is a point-and-click horror adventure with pixel graphics. It's a little bit like Clock Tower, but with no danger and a faster walk speed. The narrative is very intriguing and every episode leaves you wanting to play more. That being said, I am eagerly awaiting more episodes to be available in the steam store.My only complaint would be that some of the hints based on items you pick up are incredibly vague. It left me with moments in the game where I would sit and wonder 'How in the hell would anyone have progressed if they hadn't looked up a walkthrough?'. But the majority of the game is well thought out and there's a good feeling of accomplishment when you solve puzzles."
,Recommended,284390,13679835,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lake.kubilius,"Excellent atmosphere.  Makes good stylistic use of the vintage, low-res graphics style.  Very story driven.  Excellent puzzle difficulty level -- enough to keep you thoughtful but rarely so much as to truly slow the story."
76561198014916777,Not Recommended,284390,28497803,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Armyantmatt,"This game provided a distraction for a couple hours, but ultimately didn't have anything special going on. The story seemed promising at first, then meandered off into nonsense after the first chapter. The pixel art is a bold choice, and one I'm ok with, but I found it to be so low res as to make it difficult to tell what I was looking at frequently. There are also grammatical errors throughout, which makes me crazy. The puzzles are straight-forward for the most part, though I think there are one or two that push the boundary of being reasonable assumptions on the part of the player. Pass."
76561198060825330,Recommended,284390,25570926,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Puddle,"A decent love-craftian story but I'm a little worried if the creators will be able to answer all the mystery questions they have raised. But yes, as people say here, the writing is good and the low-poly style is not a disadvantage at all. The whole Season one took me about 6 hours to finish."
,Recommended,284390,33401793,Posted: 9 July,all,Wisak,"Such a dark beautiful game. Proud that a Spanish company pulled off a game as good as this one. Great writing, very atmospheric.  Fully recommended"
,Recommended,284390,25155762,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RanCiel810,"Fantastic gothic horror atmosphere. The overly pixelated graphics lend itself to the horror as your imagination fills in the details. Reminds me a lot of Poe, hints of Lovecraft."
,Recommended,284390,29119552,Posted: 8 January,all,A Big Block Clock,"If you are a lover of slow-build horror then this is absolutely the game for you. Not a perfect experience, but a damn good one. Smooth gameplay with approachable puzzles, classic point and click adventure game play without the moon logic of Monkey Island or other predecessors. Beautiful pixel graphics, and a delightful soundtrack.Cannot wait for season 2."
76561198213387056,Recommended,284390,33793172,Posted: 25 July,all,Nairiel,"I cried when I discovered this on sale and on steam because I stuck with these episodes ever since the first one and it upset me that the progress wouldn't save on them COOKIES on flash game sites. And because this game's story is so intriguing and the puzzles are fantastic, I recommend this game 10/10."
,Recommended,284390,28969250,Posted: 3 January,all,JadziaDX,"Before I review this game, I'd like to give information about myself (the reviewer) first.I've been playing point & click games since 1990 on Commodore64, Amiga, PC and own quite a large collection.The product review is for the first season game, which I've played from the beginning to the end.Visual: While most of you may not like the pixel graphics, I did like them in the game. It didn't bother me at all and actually I was quite impressed as to how much detail you can see in the pixel art itself. If you played one of the old Lucas Arts series in the early 90s before and you loved it, you'll love this one too. The effort of detail and coloured contrast they put in, gives it a beautiful realistic look, but yet it preserves the feel of a retro classic point & click game.Audio: High quality stereo sound, the sound fx are moving from one ear to another as you're moving your character. The music gives also the atmosphere of a ""creepy"" game, since it's been designed to be a little scary. Melodies / music are somewhat similar to what you would expect in an old-fashioned horror movie. There are no character voices, just pure background music and sound effects.Game Control: quite good. There is no ""push, pull, take, use..."" etc. It's simply point & click. Try out a few cominations from your inventory with objects in the game. No keyboard use, just mouse.Story: captivating. I really liked the story, making me want to finish the game and also play the next season. I won't go into the story on this occasion, as obviously I don't want to spoil anything. Also the reading involved in the game is not too much in comparison to some other p&c games, where you mostly skip dialogs because it's somewhat useless information or boring. Note, there are very little puzzles in the game! Puzzles are more towards the end, but they are easily solved.If you have a slight interest in this point & click game / adventure, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,284390,26456069,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tonimi,"One of the greatest Point&Click I've played. Even thought the puzzles are quite simple, the poe/lovecraftian atmosphere, the horror moments and the story makes this game a MUST HAVE.Great soundtrack too."
,Recommended,284390,26493976,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MaxAV,Masterpiece!Like in the best dark fantasy / horror movies:1. a good story2. sounds/music (really amazing music!!!!)3. 'not showing too much'4. using the imaginationare the best ways to keep the audience focused & are more important than the visual aspects.Congratulations to the makers for this exceptional game!
,Recommended,284390,32416657,Posted: 14 June,all,Krebony,"I can't say enough good things about this series. This game was very cool and clever. While there are no actual jumpscares, the atmosphere was creepy enough to get me to be on edge! The puzzles were smart and challenging and there are several secrets hidden in the game that you can only get if you time it just right!My only complaint is that I want more, I want to know more about these characters and what happens! (Yes, I've played the 2nd game, it's just as incredible!) This was well worth my money. I enjoyed the first game so much that I actually sat down and replayed it with my boyfriend so that we both got to play the second game together.I love the pixel art style, it leaves so much to the imagination. I love the music and the noises. This is a game best played with headphones so that you can fully experience the creepy atmosphere!10/10, will definitely be recommending this game to my friends and anyone else who will listen to me!"
,Recommended,284390,11510177,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,HauntedZebra,"Solid gameplay and story. I would strongly recommend this to fans of Lovecraft and the like. The puzzles were not as challenging or frustrating as other adventure games (The Cat Lady, etc,) but were still intuitive.The game is divided into 4 Chapters, and Each chapter took about 45-60 minutes to complete so the $10 price tag may be a little steep, but its worth picking up on sale. I only had the game crash once, but it seems to autosave every time you enter/exit a room so it didnt set me back."
,Recommended,284390,11199867,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mechi,"My only reason for buying The Last Door during the Summer Sale was that I couldn’t believe all those people claiming that the 8-bit graphics would actually enhance the overall atmosphere, so I just had to try it myself. Well, I found out that all those people were right. The Last Door is a great little point & click adventure with a dark and mysterious atmosphere and a very well written story which manages to reveal enough to keep you on track but also keeps the mystery alive throughout the gameplay. While the game isn’t focused on trying to scare you as much as possible, there were quite a few situations that kept me on edge or had me jumping in my chair. A lot of that suspension is owed to the perfect soundscape and a classical-themed, melancholic soundtrack that is nothing but a masterpiece. Seriously, I’ve heard about the soundtrack being good, but I didn’t expect it to be that amazing. The controls are as simple and intuitive as it can get with point and click games and the pacing feels right. The only thing that feels a little off is the puzzle design. While it gets the job done most of the time, there are a few puzzles where wild guessing was the best I could do and when I got them solved my reaction was more like “…what?” than “great, I did it”. It should also be mentioned that the game is quite short. I only got 4 hours out of the story, but considering the low price and the fun I had in those 4 hours, I’d say it was absolutely worth it. I recommend this game to anyone who likes it dark, mysterious and enjoys classical horror themes. If the graphic style is the only thing that keeps you from buying the game, remember that a book can’t be judged by its cover and buy it anyway!"
,Recommended,284390,12910167,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,cqdemal,"Engrossing Lovecraftian horror experience with fantastic sound design, a great soundtrack and an absolutely wonderful sense of style. The Last Door's tale is one that truly grows in the telling, expanding from the simplicity of a letter from a long-lost friend to a mystery of cosmic proportions - all told through top-notch pixel art that effectively fans the flames of imagination. At its core, this is as traditional as it gets for a point-and-click adventure game released in 2014, but this age-old formula can still work wonders, especially when it's packed full of flair and flourish like this."
76561198125791732,Not Recommended,284390,13859294,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,brantcgardner,"Should warn in big, fat letters on the store page that it requires the unsupported Adobe AIR runtime that will install 800lbs of dependencies and then still just crash.  And no refunds, super.  Avoid, unless you enjoy suffering."
76561198031393730,Recommended,284390,10238061,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Socrates,"This game is a fantastic, Lovecraftian, point & click adventure. The narrative grabs you and doesn't let go until the end, and the music is absolutely enthralling."
76561198045016902,Recommended,284390,12677243,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Emporio,"Oh my God, yes!Simply put this game has a lasting feeling that you will not regret.It is ligitimately scary, it has some pop-out-in-your-face moments of fright but overall the atmosphere of this game is the frightner. How the developers geniusly entwined the music/sound of everything that happens in the game to make you jump out of your seat is outstanding.I feel like it could have been a tad longer but it was def worth the purchase if your into these sort of games that require you to think a little and just enjoy the craft of this game.I cannot wait for the continuation.Give it a try, i dare you."
76561198019975879,Recommended,284390,20019787,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ShadowKenzie,"This game is amazing. At first, I was concerned that the pixel style would irritate my eyes but honestly, very quickly you forget it is like that. The story is dark and amazing. The puzzles are straight forward but still great. I have instantly bought the second Chapter and I am downloading it now. Get and enjoy this game. Likened to Cat Lady, in my eyes."
76561198182943381,Recommended,284390,17242272,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Charbi,"This is one of the best games i've ever played! 10/10When i got this game I expected it to be a short little scary game, but it was much more. It's the type of horror game that doesn't rely on jump scares or bloody monster things stalking you. It's the type of game to make you jump in your seat using details and and a great H.P. lovecraft type story. The story is unique and never leaves you unsatisfied. With its creepy yet not too creepy and fitting music and the victorian england setting it makes the perfect setting. Each chapter is a cliff hanger and always leaves you creeped out. I never expected it to make me scared, but boy was I wrong. This game made unplug the headphones and cover my face at moments. A great game totally worth the $10 I think it should be more. I recommend this to people who like great horror games."
,Recommended,284390,30739966,Posted: 25 March,all,The Great Escape ⚔,"This is another game that I'm glad made it to Steam. I really enjoyed the story and the overall creepiness. Even though the game is pixelated, it offered plenty of startling scenes. I enjoyed the music, as well. The puzzles are not very difficult, so if you're into puzzle games, the simplicity of the puzzles may (or may not) disappoint you.I also like that that the game is point-and-click, as those are some of my favorite types of games. I definitely recommend giving this a go. There are free versions of season one available if you would prefer to test it that way (though I would suggest only trying Episode One, should you choose to try it elsewhere).Great game."
76561198279679188,Recommended,284390,32706389,Posted: 23 June,all,Chronoplague,"An entertaining horror point and click adventure, somewhat marred by it's short length.  Definitely worth picking up if you see it on sale.I enjoyed The Last Door quite a bit.  I didn't ever feel scared, but there was a little dread that creeped up on me.  Despite it's retro graphical style, the game manages to create an eldritch atmosphere of dark mystery, in no small part to it's amazing soundtrack by Carlos Viola.  I found myself wrapped up in the events, and questioning what was really going on, and what would happen next.  The main characters were fairly interesting, but I'll admit, because of the simpleness of the sprites, it can be easy to mistake who is who.  The notes hidden throughout the game are interesting and well written.  Upon completion of the game, I recommend going back with a guide and finding all the secrets, however, some are a little annoying to find.The soundtrack is excellent, and is provided in the game's local files.  These tracks are used exceptionally well to set the mood, and you will frequently hear new songs throughout your playthrough, even the first episode had a surprising number of song changes.  That being said, sometimes you would step outside, or into a new room, and the song that had just started would end abruptly.  It was a little jarring.Mechanically the game is pretty standard point and click.  The inventory and interactions are all up to par with modern games (something not all games with ""classical"" styles bless us with).  Most puzzles are easy, although you may pass some of the objects you need to interact with, seeing as two pixels could represent shading, a book, a note, a cup, etc.  The walking speed is also somewhat tedious, which could have been used to build tension, but I usually just felt bored while backtracking.  Speaking of which, for a game that only takes about four hours to complete, you certainly need to walk from on side of the map and back again an awful lot.  This is, thankfully subverted somewhat with the ability to instantly travel through certain doors you've previously been though via double clicking, and many of the locations have multiple paths which keep things a bit fresh.I'd like to note that while the pacing of the game was good, and the narrative was engaging, the short length left me without a feeling of closure, and not in an ""I can't wait to see what happens next"" sort of way, but in an ""oh, we're ending it there hm?"" sort of way.  I'm not really a fan of the episodic format to begin with, and I may have felt disapointed if I hadn't purchased this game on sale.  I will give the game credit for using the episodes well, I can remember each one distinctly, and it never really felt like I spent to long in one location.  Each episode felt unique, which I'm all for.All in all, I do recommend this game, but if you want more bang for your buck, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,284390,33096779,Posted: 1 July,all,Victorchachi,"I loved the first season of this marvellous game, although the plot seemed a bit complex for the player to follow at times. First two episodes out of the four are amazing, and easy to follow, but the last two became kind of a burden to deal with.Despite all that you can still follow the main storyline, but I just like to connect all dots possible while playing the game. Might just have to read some in-depth reviews of the game to actually feel that connection that I so much longed for.The most amazing thing about this adventure is how immersive it can be, even though there are just a few pixels on the screen. The pixel art is far from being amazing, but the atmosphere totaly makes up for it, and gives it a unique charm that most games these days lack of.Definetely a must if you like horror adventure games and point-and-click adventures.It is a 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,284390,26309131,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Roel,"Uneven in quality, but still great each in their own way, the episodes of this season are a great and atmospheric way to spend an evening.I would argue that the beginning and end of this season are the strongest points, striking the hardest and bringing the most suspense out of the fur; this doesn't mean that the middle two are bad, though! It is just something about the locations they are set in and the strange, almost dream-like occurrences that contrast starkly with more nightmarish/realistic nature of most of the action.To give a concentrated package, though: a really good story wrapped in some fantastic music and sounds design. The audio and visual side help create tension and suspense, particularly the low-res pixel graphics make everything harder to make out, thus fuelling player's imagination, while not preventing from spotting anything. It is just darkness and pixels conspiring together to keep the details of everything around a bit vague. The game is very light on jump scares, but every episode introduces some genuinely creepy, unsettling scenes or locations.Short (took me around 3.5h), but well worth the attention."
,Recommended,284390,26509642,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,rsidoprzodu,Cheap and interestingCan only recommend it50/50
,Recommended,284390,33396364,Posted: 9 July,all,QuirkCentral,"I bought this game thinking that I'd have to learn to like it or that it was gonna be boring, but let me tell you, I've been on the edge of my seat this entire time. Now I'm desperately waiting for the second game to download since it left off on SUCH a cliffhanger.Good atmosphere, many surprises, good plot and writing, spooky as hell. Jump scared me more than I was prepared for. The only thing that I will say is that they should have an epilepsy warning."
,Recommended,284390,33013009,Posted: 29 June,all,Mutak Kuna,"If you like point and click games, story driven, and spooky atmosphere, this game is fantastic.I played the first 3 parts of this game back when it initially came out years ago, and I am thrilled to see it still going and being addded to."
,Recommended,284390,33283901,Posted: 5 July,all,2ofDiamonds,"Great game for fans of the cosmic horror / Lovecraft genres. I haven't had this much fun playing a game in this setting since Shadow of the Comet back in the early 90s. It's original, but makes the appropriate nods and references to Lovecraft, while keeping you completely unaware of what is going to happen next."
76561198015871180,Recommended,284390,34116427,Posted: 8 August,all,Argonautae,"A gorgeous, handcrafted adventure giving you a taste of occult horror. This is not your typical jumpscare slugfest. A glimpse into the Great Beyond where no man is supposed to see awaits. 10/10"
,Recommended,284390,13061733,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,haloedrain,"Well-done, creepy point-and-click adventure, The music is great. I'm looking forward to ""season 2"".cons:- super-pixelated art style makes it hard to see things sometimes- the mist maze requires sound, the subtitles don't work like they need to"
,Recommended,284390,13055740,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,milo,"A lovely retro-stlye horror point-and-click adventure. Play it if you like pixel hunting, some chills down your spine and captivating musics."
,Recommended,284390,13024640,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Foxstorm_rage,"Good game, but not without it's own flaws. the story is good, albeit convoluted. the gameplay is not terribly difficult, and fairly easy to the typical point and click gamer, nowhere near as complicated as something such as the Myst series. the scares are mainly atmospheric related with jump scares here and there, as well as many occult themes.be forewarned though, the ending is a major cliffhanger, stating the story will be continued in ""season 2"" which is not fully released yet."
76561198055462705,Recommended,284390,35171389,Posted: 23 September,all,Nerdy Norseman,"If your stereotypical tweed clad, old, weirdo of an English literature proffessor secretly made a horrorgame on his ancient, dusty computer it would look like this."
,Recommended,284390,18302735,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MelBee42,"In short, this is an absolute gem of a game and proof positive that you don't need fancy graphics to build an immersive, disturbing atmosphere.Pros+ Amazing soundtrack and in particular, stellar use of sound to evoke feelings/build tension+ Great Poe/Lovecraft inspired story, and the story-telling is superb+ Innovative use of interactive cut scenes to drive the story forwards and force you to do gruesome things you're not going to want to+ Works well, didn't encounter any bugs, and the UI is simple and not at all clunky+ Definitely leaves you wanting more+ Great length for the price - took me about eight hours (although probably worth noting I'm pretty slow at these kinds of games as I like to pootle round and explore)+ Some creative puzzles, although on the most part they're relatively simple/not too frustratingCons- Be aware this is season 1 - although the story does come to a climax, in many ways it's like a 'to be continued' (solution? Buy season 2!)- Cheaper to buy the standard (non-collectors edition) version directly from Game Kitchen. There are a few extras to this one and although they're interesting, they're very short. I think there's improved sound/picture quality in this version too - I haven't played the original version though, so I'm not sure how different it is- No voice acting.If you like point and click adventure games even a little bit, this is a fantastic game. I appreciate the graphics may be a little off-putting for some (I know it's 'pixel art' but the pixels are *huge* - it's incredibly blocky) - but it's absolutely worth your time and money, without a shadow of a doubt, even at full price."
76561198036075814,Recommended,284390,11072543,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,practikalmagik,"Refreshingly simple graphics and beautifully placed music that really kept the focus on the intriguing story. I have to admit there were several moments (particuarly one in Episode 1) that made me jump and some really disturbing plot twists. A few puzzles did seem to require a big leap of logic but overally they were pitched at the right level. Overally I loved it, and can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,284390,27241824,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Possibly Susan,"If you like a good Lovecraftian horror, this is for you.If you like a good point-and-click, this is for you.If you like piano-and-strings classical, this is for you(The soundtrack is bundled with the game - in my opinion, it was worth the purchase price on its own.)And if you're iffy about it, you can go find the first few episodes online to demo the game.(But only if you're willing to sift through the advertisment-riddled hell that is online flash gaming. That's a Lovecraftian horror story all its own...)"
76561198039273403,Recommended,284390,28692117,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SixKeys,"Surprisingly effective point-and-click horror. I was genuinely surprised how much I got into the atmosphere at times despite (or perhaps because of?) the simplistic graphics. There are many secrets and references to Victorian horror classics, but the game stands on its own as an intriguing mystery. Unlike many point-and-click puzzle games of olden days, the puzzles in The Last Door rarely get frustratingly obscure, allowing you to focus on the story and atmosphere. The melancholy, elegant and suspenseful music truly elevates the game beyond its pixelated trappings. The episodes are short, about an hour each, which I found the perfect length for such a simple game. I was so pleased with season 1 that upon finishing it, I immediately bought season 2."
76561197984893896,Recommended,284390,14103332,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bluttrinker,"This game has excelled at the unity of form and content.If you know, and admire, the content of the Lovecraftian literature, you also know that there is no explicit form to the wonders and horrors he tells about. Mostly shallow representations, shadows, eerie sounds, feelings and visions... that will creep you out and fire up your imagination.This game pays a 100% respect to this, while telling its own, deep story. The pixel graphics may seem odd and outdated at first, but they grant exactly the form that is needed for this type of eerie Lovecraftian imagery. So let this not be your con on buying it. And while the graphics may be ""basic"" the sound is outstanding. Like in a radio play it gives you just the amount of vivid details that you need to be sucked up into this dark, victorian story. Finally, the music is excellent and very moving.Thus, if you like reading Lovecraftian stories on a lonely, dark evening - try this interactive one. You will not regret it!(or will you...?)"
,Recommended,284390,11023254,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ghost_nappa9001,"I saw this game a while ago and was intrigued by it. It sat in my wishlist until the summer sale and I picked it up for a few bucks. From the very first scene of the game I was hooked. Its dark, rich story drives you to keep playing and even with the low res this game manages to be beautiful and scary. The ambient music also adds another dimension that can make a scene feel somber or frightening. It is a true point and click, you only use your mouse to play this game. Even in it's simplicity there is so much to do and to discover. I can, without a doubt or even having finished the game, say that this is one of my favorite games I picked up from the summer sale."
,Recommended,284390,10913119,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stonewall,A nice homage to to ye old age of pixels. Has a sort of Edgar Allen Poe feel to it.
76561198068728381,Recommended,284390,10543559,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lilsamppod,"I've played my share of point and click games. They are my absolute favorite kinds of games. It doesn't seem right to just call The Last Door a point and click though. It's so much more. A lot of people look past the point and click genre because they feel that's all there is too it. You get a scene, gotta find some item, find item, next scene. People feel like there's really nothing to these kinds of games, that they don't have any kind of gameplay whatsoever. They don't give you enough. But that's not what The Last Door does. It gives you so much more.The Last Door is an episodic, horror point and click set in 1800s England. You might think due to it's low-res graphics you couldn't possibly be scared by playing this game. But that's exactly what makes it so creepy. I never new pixelated blood could unerve me so much. You play as Jeremiah Devitt, and he's just recieved a strange and urgent letter from an old school mate of his named Anthony. Upon entering his house, you notice that it is oddly deserted. No servants, no wife, no Anthony. The only evidence that people once lived there are scattered notes you find in different areas of the house. Each detailing the bizzare behaviors that Anthony has been exhibiting. Concerened for his friend, Devitt searches the house for clues. That's when he slowly starts to discover the disturbing story of Anthony, and his own past that all leads back to a ritual he and his friends performed at their old bording school.You learn something new and gain more information of the story within each episode. The atmosphere is gloomy, the music is dramatic, and the story is something straight out of Edgar Allan Poe's notebook. Despite being short (you can easily finish the entire first season in one sitting) it is well worth the play. If you're a fan of good story telling and creepy pixelated crows, The Last Door is a must to satisfy that blood on the wall hunger."
,Recommended,284390,29529404,Posted: 27 January,all,Boner,"An ancient evil awakens and threatens you, and everyone you knew from back in school. You must investigate this evil force and stop it before it can get anyone else.....that's right...those student loans are back, b!tches"
76561198027502227,Recommended,284390,12864861,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Werewolfsbane,"I love the pixelated style of the game, it makes its spooky atmosphere even more powerful. The music is beautiful, the locations eery, and the plot intriguing. Can't wait for season 2 to come out.Prepare yourself to be creeped out. Some jump scares may shock you, but the intense, uncomfortable feeling you'll have while playing mainly derives from subtle sounds, dark locations, and the story. If you like horror games, The Last Door is something for you."
,Recommended,284390,11593191,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Tohonas,"Great game, full of atmosphere. Puzzles aren't too hard, and the whole thing flows well. Full review here:http://goplaythat.com/2014/08/07/quickplay-the-last-door/"
,Recommended,284390,10322590,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Comrade Tum,"Thoroughly enjoying this game, I've only completed Episode 1, but the mood and setting are fantastic. The puzzles are not too obtuse, which is great, as that is common problem with adventure games. The story is intriguing, and definitely makes me want to keep playing!Hope to see more games like this from the developers in the future!"
,Recommended,284390,11364266,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lincoln Balloon,"The Last Door is a point and click episodic horror game that reads like a love letter to Lovecraft himself.The story begins with Jeremiah Devitt receiving a mysterious letter from a childhood friend.  He then embarks on a journey to said friend's house and finds, what else, scary and ominous things.  The game consists primarily of you exploring places to find the necessary objects to push forward, reading notes to gleam the story, and so on.  If you've ever played a point and click before, you'll feel right at home.The game is a splendid experience.  The story is cleverly told, well-written, and just downright interesting.  For a game like this, the story has to be the driving force.  And The Last Door doesn't disappoint.  The Collector's Edition features four episodes, each about an hour long (for me at least).  And this is only season one, so there will be more of this in the future.  The other thing to note is the sound design.  The graphics may not look like much, but the sound is absolutely exquisite.  Creaking doors, ominous footsteps, and cawing crows are some of the things you'll hear throughout the game, and they all sound very realistic.The only bad thing I can really say is that one or two of the puzzles fall into the ""why did I just do that"" category (episode four's lightbulb puzzle sticks out in my mind).  Another possible gripe for some may be the price.  At ten dollars for roughly four hours of playtime, it might be too expensive for some.  It all really depends on who you are as a person.But hey, if you're into horror, or just a good story in general, I highly recommend this one.  It prefers to build atmosphere rather than jump out at you over and over (there are a few jumpscares, but they're well done).  So turn out the light, shut the door, and immerse yourself in The Last Door."
,Recommended,284390,20968486,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Stephan,"I grew up with pixel games like space quest ect which is deemed inferior graphically speaking.So I was kind of skeptical about this game.But wow did the game surprise me!With limited graphics, good story and excellent sound/music this game manages to create believable scary and melancholy atmosphere that keeps you hooked and makes you jump in fear at certain stages.   THis is also due to a lot left for the imagination due to less detailed art.Also due to the blocky-ness of the art, pixel hunting is largely eliminated.Thoroughly recommend if you are a adventure game lover!Cant wait to play season 2."
,Recommended,284390,28700363,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,valar,"If you feel the atmosphere despite of the pixel graphics, this means that the pixel art deserves being written as Pixel Art. Reflecting sinister views of England of 1890s using ""primitive"" graphics is done this well, with the sounds accompanied, that it can be easily perceived which lets the player immerse into the game and stay focus on the story and environment.The storytelling is inspired by the poems of Edgar Allan Poe and based on the ""scheme"" of H.P. Lovecraft narration, and those who familliar with his novels would easily recognize his style ever since they start the 1st episode. If you are not familliar with it...so you will know that by feeling how the story slowly creeps into your mind."
,Recommended,284390,16371461,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Carrasco,I WANT MORE EPISODES !!!
,Recommended,284390,10687889,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zojoru,"The Last Door is incredible. If you love point and click games with classy, fabulous storylines and beautiful music, this is the game for you. Part of me wanted to think that it wouldn't be as creepy because of the low-res art style, but honestly, it adds to the horror factor.This game is also relatively challenging. I found myself stuck at times, not knowing what to do next, which is surprising because usually I can blow through games like this quickly. There are a couple of funny acheivements to unlock, as well as occasional humerous banter with yourself, which helps to relieve some of the darker aspects of the game. (Fellow dark humors, rejoice.)Overall? Creepy, classy, well written, great point and click gameplay system, and you get to wear a top hat. 10/10."
76561198075206515,Recommended,284390,10231793,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,B.V. Quinn,H.P. Lovecraft has apparently had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child with Hugo II: Whodunnit and it is a wonderful collaberation of style and substance.  What better a manner to inspire the feeling of the old time-y victorian era than to use an old time-y video game style and interface.  Well worth the money to support this indie gaming company.
,Recommended,284390,10238386,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MLPextremelover,"This game is incredible. It offers the most fantastic horror that one can imagine. It brings you fear and chills though the most interesting story line i've ever had the privilege of experiencing. Don't let the style of the game fool you, if anything the 8-bit look only adds uniquness to the story and gameplay. An easy 10/10 from me for it's an absolut wonderously experience and i personally love point and click puzzles and mysteries. Only con to the game is that some parts are decently hard to figure out and some items may be over looked (do a google search if you get stuck). One simply cannot play this game and walk away from it, for the story will grab you with curiosity."
76561197967114985,Recommended,284390,10889972,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,1 health,"This is a linear point & click -- you have few choices and most of the puzzles must be completed in a certain order -- but the storytelling is quite good and the art is impeccable. The puzzles are relatively easy and not too contrived (i.e. it's not Monkey Island), and if you let it, it'll give you the chills -- Lovecraft-style -- and a few good jump scares.Play it in Spanish if you can; the writing seems to be better than in the English version, which is a bit clumsy and marred by occasional typos, at least judging by the first episode.For 5 euro I got more than my money's worth. That's half the price of a cinema ticket for something that's way more enjoyable than most Hollywood movies, and it lasts ~3 times as long. I'd say it's worth it at full price too!"
,Recommended,284390,10352277,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Intendant S,"The Last Door is a homage to not only adventure games of yesteryear but to the literary greats H.P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allan Poe. And it delivers on both ends. Don't let the low-res graphics fool you...the story is a gripping tale of the occult and what can be unleashed when delving into the unknown. Each episode can pretty much be played in any order, but it's best to go down the list to get the full story. If there's one gripe that I have is that it's too short, but with a second season on the way we'll get to see more of Devitt and his descent into madness. Fans of classic horror and old-school adventure gaming really should give this one a chance."
76561197987525091,Recommended,284390,10475490,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,BigDes,"The Last Door Collector's Edition is Season 1 of an ongoing episodic series of point and click games that at the moment seem to leave more questions than answers. At the start of the game your friend hangs himself and it is up to you to determine why. Influenced by Lovecraft, Robert W Chambers and Persian myth the game is one of the most unsettling gaming experiences I have played in years.Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,284390,10484135,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,kittensoup,This is the best game I've ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,284390,11622316,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,SE Tonx,"""The Last Door"" is an incredibly enjoyable game. It has a fantastic story to tell, and is one of the few games I can say truly nailed the Lovecraftian feel. The gameplay is challenging but logical, unlike some other adventure games, and the retro visuals charm rather than annoy.I can't wait for season 2!Interesting note: I didn't think pixels could creep me out, but the game relies on psychological hooks to the point where it succeeds in making you glance over your shoulder, or click rapidly to get out of that dark room. Effective. Well done."
,Recommended,284390,10374807,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SilasMortimer,"I don't think I can fully express how happy I am with this game. I'll try to explain it on two fronts, however: as an adventure game and as a story.I'm a long time fan of adventure games since before the time I had to finally upgrade my floppy drive specifically for playing one of them. (Okay, I'm not a spring chicken, but to be fair I am not a chicken of any sort, in case you were wondering - I have ulterior motives for crossing the road.) These days they're not as common, but a good one occasionally comes along. In recent years, though, I've not come across one that I would say deserves to be listed among the best of the classics. ""The Last Door"" not only deserves such a distinction, I feel it surpasses a lot of my favorites.Its interface is nicely simplified without seeming to limit your options or make solutions too simple to figure out. In fact, it leaves a lot of room for the developers to play a little dirty, offering a surprising new action for an object in your inventory without expressly telling you, but without making it too maddening to figure out. The inventory itself is always visible - there aren't a bunch of keys to learn or screens to open in this game, streamlining it and letting you focus solely on what's going on in the scenes, which I was eagerly doing (more on that in a moment).Some of us adventure fans are considered masochists. If you ever played one of those old Sierra adventure games and wound up quitting the game, ranting and cursing, because of one of those stupidly ridiculous puzzles that seemed near impossible to figure out without a hint or a walkthrough, we were nearly as frustrated as you got, but for some reason we enjoyed it, maybe even for that reason. Usually. This means that a particularly devilish puzzle or lack of one can be both a turn-on and a turn-off for potential players of a game. What I've found happens in response to this is that adventure game makers either choose a side and go all the way with it - either making puzzles so routinely easy that classic adventure fans get bored or including a lot of stumpers that drives away the more casual fan - or try to ride a line in between. Those that try to ride the line tend to fail in numerous ways. Whether it was intentional or not, ""The Last Door"" does a really good job of finding a middle ground. There were a few times where I had to stop and rethink my actions and goals, looking for what I had ignored or dismissed or simply not put together, however they weren't so difficult that I felt like the game had stopped while I figured it out. Meanwhile, for the majority of the puzzles, there was a logical elegance to them that generally weren't so ridiculously easy and pointless that I felt impatience with them or uninterested. (You can infer from how I described it how hard it is to ride that line.)I have to address the retro graphics. This is, of course, something that you are either able to accept or not. I have no problem with them (and even smiled at the idea of it before I even played it), but I'm not one to begrudge people's preferences. I can understand if someone finds it hard to get into something with such low-res graphics as much as I can understand some folks' aversion to black and white film. However, if you're thinking of turning away from this because of the graphics, I'd like for you to stop and reconsider. While I appreciated it both for nostalgia and stylistic reasons, the game is worth playing even if you can't appreciate those reasons. Aside from its excellence as an adventure game, the story - which I'll get to in a moment - and other technical details makes this an experience I would hate for people to miss, particularly if you're a horror fan of any sort. One interesting thing to note is that while the graphics are late 80's/early 90's, the audio is fantastically beyond that and up-to-date. I would have suspected that this would clash in the area(s) of my brain related to nostalgia, but that audio is so superb and fitting that I rarely gave that a thought. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, with strains of haunted despair, darkness and terror thrown in for fitting moments. I would rate it higher than the soundtrack of any film in the last couple of decades. And then there's the foley. The sound effects in this game could almost tell the story by themselves. The atmosphere they create is palpable and visceral.Finally: The story. If you are a horror fan, there's a good chance you have at least a passing familiarity with H.P. Lovecraft. There's also a good chance you've been very disappointed in attempts to tap his storytelling genius/madness in both films and games, often for similar reasons. If so, you have been waiting for this game. This is it. This one right here. In fact, I brought up film specifically because this game satisfied a hankering I've had for a really, truly good horror film in a way that I had begun to suspect could not be accomplished.I think I'll leave off with that. There was more I wanted to say about the story, but I believe I've gotten across what I needed to say in that one paragraph. And besides, this has gotten to be a long review. I do definitely look forward to future chapters of this game."
,Recommended,284390,10689213,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pikasektor,"Creepy as hell. Awesome game, so atmospheric. Very similar to 'Home' by Benjamin Rivers, so if you liked that, you'll love this even more. 8/10"
76561198026023460,Recommended,284390,10810680,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,devojenkins,"Lovingly crafted from top to bottom.  Sensible object use, extremely eerie atmosphere that doesn't stop.  It's clear that this game was a labor of love and is one of the few I will play through a second time."
,Recommended,284390,10965227,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BigEvil1987,Like Lovecraft? Check it out! Great game!
,Recommended,284390,11092316,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hamakei,"Well worth the effort. Like some say, at first I thought that the low res graphics would detract from the atmosphere, but believe me, they don't. In some scenes I was actually grateful that I couldn't see in graphic detail what has happening!Excellent story and well paced horror make this a must. Special mention must go to the sound design. Both the music and sound effects are stunning and well used."
76561198130872726,Recommended,284390,32321925,Posted: 10 June,all,Obscene,A game made with so few pixels and yet it`s content contains depth of multitudes.
76561198002555011,Recommended,284390,12371004,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"The Last Door is a classic point-and-click mystery horror investigation game based heavily around religious, scientific, and philosophical beliefs.  This episodic series is very similar to games like the Sherlock Holmes series, The Secret of Monkey Island, Loom, Maniac Mansion, etc, but has an extreme creepy feel to it--in a good way.Throughout the game, you try to uncover a dark mystery surrounding England in the 1800's after you learn about your old friend's suicide.  From here, you traverse through places of your memories, and find leads of where to go next, as you interact with objects and solve puzzles on the way to your objective, whatever that may be.The graphics of the game do not do the game any justice, but as that look was intended, it adds to the VERY creepy feeling of the game, like you are part of an Edgar Allen Poe novel.  Meanwhile, the game's amazing soundtrack--mainly composed of classical piano--carries the game and will send chills down your spine as you slowly pick up more of the story.The puzzles are somewhat simple in Season One, but should still throw out a decent challenge for the average gamer.  But the events that happen during the game as you are searching for clues certainly add to the level of creepiness, and doesn't make puzzle-solving seem redundant in any case.This game is absolutely fantastic and is a must-buy for anyone who is wanting a new indie game to play, or perhaps doesn't want to invest too much time or money in one, and is most definitely one to buy if you enjoy playing murder mysteries/horror games."
,Recommended,284390,28710063,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Akumanorobin,"(This review is for the first season of the game)Played the game expecting a weird cross between Chzo Mythos and Eyes Wide Shut, the idea behind it is very good I must say...if you ignore the AWFUL, AWFUL  ""art style"" this game has ( will comment about it at the end of the review )They did a really good job with the music I must say, cheers on that.While the idea behind the game is very good, the game itself is kinda...""boring"" ? its not a bad game by any means but it feels like one must play it till the end just to finish it, not for the main story.Now about the art...what the heck where they thinking when they decided to make the game look like it looks? Most of the time it hurts to look at, it looks like a stretched 144p video and most of the things looks like pixel vomit, its really hard to recognize anything and, while this ""art style"" might work for other games, this does not suit a POINT AND CLICK game if you cant see what's going on.Since my review can only be negative or positive, I'd say this game is a 51 out of 100, it doesnt really deserve a negative vote."
,Recommended,284390,22982719,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jartur,"This season is more 'horrory' and there are few jump-scares I didn't care for but still I have enjoyed it. Very straightforward, so pretty short because of that but I think it takes just right amount of time to complete."
,Recommended,284390,25210032,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,antoniuswendy4547,"(I already completes this game on the website, and I like it. That's why I buy the steam version of this game. So keep in mind that my total playtime ONLY records my playtime trough steam.)I buy a collector's edition, with enchanced visuals and audios, right?1) There is no ability to import other language, just like the web has. (COLLECTOR'S EDITION, RIGHT?) Also give us the ability to translate it ourself! This would be useful.2) One of the reasons I buy this game is because of the audio. But... I'm disappointed, to be honest. There are times the audios are not played right or just looped falsely.However, I give thumb up for these reasons: (let's move to positive side)1) Amazing writing. The plot keeps expanding each episodes!2) The pixelated graphics are scary when it comes to the scares! Just don't underestimate the graphics because you think it's lame. IT IS INTENDED, and works really well.3) Awesome tracks. Enough said.4) Trading cards!"
76561198254635847,Recommended,284390,28690044,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NeverWish,Creates an ominous atmosphere and is enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,284390,13978051,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Gourry_Inverse,"A fantastic old-school style point-and-click horror adventure game. The sound design and soundtrack are brilliant, the plot is amazing (hearkening back to the best of Lovecraft and Poe), and there are some incredibly unnerving, genuinely scary moments; the unnerving atmosphere is absolutely top-notch.  You *technically* could play it for free on their website, but a game this amazing deserves your support and is worth every penny of the $10."
76561198091188082,Recommended,284390,12091650,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jebus1346,i bought this game because i liked the episodes that were available online one of my favourtie point and click games
,Recommended,284390,24588641,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Uyulala,"I just finished Season 1, and let me say... fantastic.The pixel art style really lends itself to the horror dynamic - where there is a lack of precise detail, your mind fills in the blanks, and the game plays with the darker side of your imagination. Some of the scariest horror games I've played have been in pixelated styles. It's also very important to have a solid colour palette for a pixel game - and its very obvious that a lot of effort was put in to make the background colours both work together and be beautifully striking.The story can be vague but not so vague that you can't follow along with it, and has a loving grounding in Lovecraftian Mythos. The puzzles are -great-. This game does not suffer the 'puzzles that are hard because they make no sense' sickness; they're challenging at times, while still being logical.The 'horror of sound' is utilised very well in this game, from the sounds of birds scratching about in the ceiling rafters to Devitt's footsteps on the creaky floorboards to the blood-curdling stab of piano keys when a horrible discovery is made.The atmosphere is truly breathtaking, helped along by an eerie, poignant soundtrack - however I hope the actual implimentation of the music is better in Season 2, as at least for my playthrough, it kept stopping and starting at times.Most of all, this game is scary. It can be a bit heavy-handed with the jump scares, but they're not used cheaply, if that makes sense. The creators have a good understand of pacing, and of how much tension to allow to build up before tossing a live one at the player.If you like horror, buy this game. If you like Lovecraft, buy this game. If you like point-and-click, buy this game.Hell, just buy this game.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to play Season 2."
76561198047663293,Recommended,284390,11761847,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,gene,"The most prominent feature of this game is the retro, side-scrolling graphics.  I used the Options screen to change the font to something less retro for readability.  The story is nicely grim horror.  The game is surprisingly emersive after you get used to the visual style.Season One gets you four ""chapters"", each of which took me about 70 minutes to play.  You can't save inside a chapter, but the game remembers when you finish a chapter. Though the story comes to a satisfying stopping point after the four chapters, the game says that it'll be continued in Season Two.It's point-&-click stuff: though you are working your way through a story, your actions are solving puzzles by reading notes, taking objects, & using them where you should.  I found the difficulty about right for me; I had to resort to online hints three times.  It's solidly programmed; I didn't have any crashes, didn't experience any visual or audio glitches (64-bit Windows 8 desktop PC that I used only for gaming)."
76561198112237934,Recommended,284390,11537909,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Drazmierz,"Wonderful game with a creepy, still beautiful and haunting music score, filled with lovecraftian atmosphere. I enjoyed every single chapter, although I and II are definitely the best (my favourite is the second one with nuns, maybe 'cause I'm a nunsploitation fan :) ). Great job with the game you guys! I've noticed that people from Spain (filmmakers, musicians and game developers) especially like Lovecraft themes. Keep up good work and I'm hoping to see something similar to 'The Last Door' from you in the future! Loved every single part of the game!"
,Recommended,284390,15411926,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Doctor HU,"Got a letter from an old friend, went to his house and found out he hanged himself. All he has left me was a strange note and that I should go back to our old school. There I was buries alive, then got teleportated to London, where I was following a strange man who was made out of crows. I went into the fog, found another friend who drugged me and now I don't know what will happen!10/10 would do it again.On a more serious note: It's one of the best pixelated, point-and-click games I've ever played with!The story is brilliant and it's indeed a love letter to Lovecraft and I might say it's for Edgar Allen Poe too. It has its horror settings, mild jumpscares but also good puzzles. I'm not saying great puzzles because at some points it's totally illogical.The music however is just beautiful!I recommend it to everyone who loves pixel games and/or horror in general."
76561198053538770,Recommended,284390,25306159,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DarkCoolEdge,"Simply put, if you like the work of H. P. Lovecraft and the like, you must absolutely play this game. I asure you that you won't regret it. It gets the tone, the atmosphere, everything. And while the very pixelated graphics could make you think less of the game, I actually believe they suit it probably better than if they would have been more detailed.The music and sound effects are great and a perfect match for what's going on on-screen.The puzzles aren't hard, just enough to be entertaining, and they are all logical which makes them blend perfectly with the story.Do yourself a favor and play this. I'm getting the second season ASAP."
,Recommended,284390,25021033,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Fredy,"Best horror game I played in years, all the cheap cheesy jump scares calling themself a horror games, like layers of fear, outlast and hispter slender man can't even be considered same genre. Hope there will more of these. 10/10 This is craftmanship"
,Recommended,284390,32234894,Posted: 7 June,all,Jarizleifr,"Let's get the most pressing issue out of the way first.The art style is stupid and gimmicky. There is nothing retro about it, even the Sierra AGI adventure games from the 80s had higher resolution than this garbage. And don't even get me started with mixing different pixel sizes. Nothing ever lines up pixel-perfectly, fonts, inventory and the game use all different pixel resolutions. It looks horrible and the developers should feel bad for doing so. I love pixel art, but this game completely fails to deliver on that end. Just make a text adventure next time.Gameplaywise, it's a great adventure game with a solid and chilling story, especially if you like Chzo Mythos games or Lovecraftian horror in general. The puzzles leave a bit to be desired, but I didn't really expect hard puzzles from this game in the first place. Music and sound effects bring much life to this game and are easily the most memorable aspect of it.I feel that The Last Door could've been much more and now it remains a forgettable curiosity and a small one evening distraction. Sane art direction and a more complex and captivating puzzle system would've made this a modern adventure game classic.Ultimately a bit disappointing, but I suppose I'd still recommend it for the exemplary audio design and atmosphere."
,Recommended,284390,33097240,Posted: 1 July,all,"Dududu, Confidence Spider","for 2.49 on sale, just sell some steam cards and get it. you won't regret it."
,Recommended,284390,29515632,Posted: 26 January,all,morfilithia,Y E S
,Recommended,284390,26332382,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ellye,"This is a fantastic lovecraftian adventure game.The use of sound is amazing, the atmosphere is fantastic and the simple visuals actually contribute to it, the puzzles are simple instead of contrived, allowing you to immerse yourself in the tale.My only complaint is that it is a little bit short overall, but it's still really good and very easy to recommend."
,Recommended,284390,19723504,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Usually Blue,9/10+ Delicious suspense.+ Fresh writing.+ Gripping story + storytelling.+ Fantastic cliffhangers.+ Unexpected characters.+ Phenomenal soundtrack.+ Devilish scares.+ Gorgeous pixel-art.+ Ominously creepy.+ Frequent auto-saves. (My game crashed a couple times and never lost any progress.)-Sometimes character moves too slowly.-Occasional un-intuitive puzzles.9/10
,Recommended,284390,20523562,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,AL-97,"Dealing with macabre and mystery, thematicallyThe Last Dooris heavy with influences ofEdgar Allan Poe. As protagonist devotes himself to his desire to remember,""The Raven""from the narrative poem by American writer makes an appearance, rhyming motifs of the game and the famous piece of literature.During the course of the story the theme of forbidden knowledge, which is common to another writer of horror fiction -Howard Phillips Lovecraft, becomes not only apparent but also takes a leading role as it fuels protagonist's search for answers. But overall the main tone of the story is more of agothic fictionthanLovecraftian horror.However, it is nothing but sad that despite excellent writing oozing with atmosphere visuallyThe Last Dooris just too lo-fi. There's absolutely no reason for the game to be reminiscent of the earlySierra's AGI enginegames if it doesn't bring scene to life or help to identify interactive spots on the screen. And with game's visual presentation being locked at 4:3 aspect ratio it looks like an unnecessary gimmick."
76561198038778580,Recommended,284390,10330422,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,harpere.nelson,"My first computer game was an 8 bit Sierra game called The Colonel's Bequest.  I still believe it was quite possibly the best game ever made.  It changed my life.  I've been looking for a game that can stand up to it ever since.  I think I've found it in The Last Door. The story is incredible, every scene managed to give me chills and make me jump.  The old school format is intuitive (one thing that old point and click adventures really lacked) and paced well.  It reminds me of another old adventure horror game called Dark Seed, also inspired by Lovecraft.  This game is at once completely original and filled with nostalgia.  A must play for anyone who appreciates the genre."
,Recommended,284390,10857565,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BonanaQueen,"Loved it, but it's my kind of game in the sense that I only had to use one hand to ""point and click"" leaving the other free to hold my wine. I love a creepy story that's not TOO scary (so I don't spill any of my wine). And lastly I'm just a sucker for a new and unique story line. The puzzles aren't hard but again...I didn't want them to be.Technical note: I experienced NO bugs and played it both on a Linux and Windows box."
76561198006663929,Recommended,284390,11340865,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,wiredwarrior,"Really enjoyed this game. The pixel graphics work well with the tone, the indistinct quality adding to the horror/surrealness.While there is no run for your life scenarios, it does pyschological horror very well; you are always wondering what lies ahead, and sometimes behind you. Puzzles are usually fun and not overly complex.Unfortunately the chapters are rather short. expect approximately 40mins per chapter (there are 4). One or two puzzles can be annoyingly complex and can require some unorthodox thinking, but these are really rewarding once solved."
,Recommended,284390,11424451,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Ktan,"I will express all my feelings from the Last Door with one question: where, goddamn, second season?!"
,Recommended,284390,10708039,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,wgren,"Recommended, but not without some big reservations and only for point&click fans. The sound effects are great, and the music by Carlos Viola is fantastic, I want to hear more from this guy. Writing and atmosphere are good. Very H.P Lovecraft for good and bad - nice inspiration, but you know exactly what you are going to get even before you start. The C64 retro pixel artwork is a sensible choice for the tiny Kickstarted budget, but didn't really do anything for me and probably look better on a small smartphone screen than blown up on a big monitor. The puzzles are the meat of an adventure game, and their quality vary widely. Some are good with clear goals and just enough clues to make you feel clever when you come up with a bit of lateral thinking. Some (chapter 2 was the worst I think) are examples of ""use helium inflated dog on pogostick to make the dragon leave the room and reveal the final map fragment"" adventure game nonsense."
76561198013992129,Recommended,284390,12180178,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,GLaDOS_V1.01,"I haven't bothered writing a review before but this game is exceptionally good so it deserves it.  It's like a good TV show: it keeps getting better and better as the seasons- in this case episodes- go on.If you enjoy intelligently written plots and oldschool point and click, I guarantee you will not regret purchasing this game.Some posters have claimed the game is quite scary. I don't agree.  The game has a brilliantly eerie atmosphere that makes playing it unsettling, a task which is much more difficult to achieve than repeated jump-scares making it almost unbearable; though, there are one or two!Don't let the pixelated visuals put you off.  High-end graphics would not make this game any better and the best written adventure games came from an era of resolution so low you couldn't tell whether you were examining a bottle or a car.I've just finished three out of (I think) five episodes and cannot wait to get back to playing the rest of the game- so that's what I'm going to do now.Enjoy!"
76561198027744420,Recommended,284390,12181364,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Adaptive_Radiation,Awesome Lovecraftian story and adventure game that is still terrifying despite the 8-bit graphics.  Incredible soundtrack as well.
,Recommended,284390,12285408,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,InfernalFangirl,"I wasn't part of the crowdfunding of The Last Door, but in a way I wish I had been so I could have watched this tale unravel bit by bit.  It's a beautiful bit of Lovecraftian horror presented as a pixel point and click adventure.  (Think what would've happened if classic Sierra games took a dark and terrible turn.)The music is great.  The storyline is completely addicting.  I try to avoid looking up solutions to puzzles online, but I found myself stuck on this one and went and read a walkthrough just because I had to know what happened next.There's also some decent jump scares in the game.  They're not cheap ""things jump out at you"" type ones, but they're really well timed where you get lured into a false sense of security and then wind up squealing like a litle girl.  Then you sit back and think ""that wasn't too scary...I won't let it fool me again.""  But it does.  Consistently.My only complaint about this game involved the art.  I know pixel art is the whole point, but sometimes it was so pixely and dark I had no idea what I was looking for/at in certain scenes and finally wound up turning up the brightness on my laptop and clicking on every single thing.  The other (minor) downside is as it stands right now the game ends on a bit of a cliffhanger.  I understand from the developer's website that they're going to be continuing the story, so it sounds like we'll have more to look forward to.If you like subtle, creepy games or if you're nostalgic for point and click games then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,284390,12167295,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,comedy.relief,This game was beyond epic! You need to play it and I can't wait for Season 2!
76561198067758778,Recommended,284390,12142574,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Crestfallen_Rose,"I had heard a lot of good reviews for The Last Door and I wasn't disappointed!I really enjoyed a series that introduces a story that explores the folklore behind ravens and their connection to another world.Ravens are often thought of as being messengers or serve as foreboding warnings in various stories and poems; it was nice to see the developers create a unique story.Also, it was a nice change of pace to play through a story that explored man's obsession with knowledge and the measures they take to unfold life's secrets.I have to say, I enjoyed the first episode the most since there was a relaxed pace to it and I enjoyed being able to explore a creepy mansion. The atmosphere and music were amazing!However, once the first episode ended, all the others seem quite a bit shorter; but they're still enjoyable and I liked the interpretations used in the second and third episodes. Sadly, I didn't enjoy the fourth episode as much since it turned away from horror and went on to suspenseful science fiction; not that that's a bad theme to use, but it didn't seem to fit well with the rest of the story or mood.I can't give a full review until the series is completed; I hear the second season is currently in the making and I can hardly wait to play it and see what happens next!"
,Recommended,284390,14383597,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,UndeadGuru,Brilliant game.
,Recommended,284390,14537518,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,I just remembered how good this game was. I was engaged the whole time despite the graphical limitations even if it was intentional. It says a lot that I was invested in a pixelated horror adventure game. It has been a while since I played but I can safely say this is a great game. I guess my only complaint is why there is no Season 2. Hope to see more of this in the future.
,Recommended,284390,10413339,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Cryvis,"Seems like a ordinary puzzle with no real effort put i-, What's that noise? Where did the creepy music come from?Why am I being stalked by Das ober kommando der wehrmacht?Oh it's a puzzle horror game. Well as long as nobody shuts of the light, ill be f-Oh ♥♥♥♥ me sideways -.-"
,Recommended,284390,10493044,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,DashForwardSlash,I've played a bit and so far I like it a lot. I really like pixel art and things like that. I love the way this game look and so far the story has been intriguing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjvpfIFsqcI
,Recommended,284390,10879501,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cerenzio,"A wonderfully crafted game, full of effective use of story telling, sound, music, and old-school adventure gaming. The graphics work, and after a few short screens, you no longer even think about them. That's some fine production right there. Point and Click adventure fans, this is the real deal. Pick it up, and enjoy."
,Recommended,284390,10906142,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Boogle,"Interesting game, although a little short. I'm looking forward for the sequel."
,Recommended,284390,10963387,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GeigerMage,"I'm pretty picky when it comes to pixel games but I really enjoyed this one.First off I was a little concerned that the constraints in the animation would detract from the creepiness but I was wrong--the game still manages to be beautifully unsettling. The game itself is also very fun, there's a lot of puzzles in the environment that they give just enough hints for without holding your hand. I think it's a perfect balance between easy enough to not want to read a bunch of walkthroughs but difficult enough for you to still feel proud when you figure it out.As for the story it definitely pulls you in and you really want to learn more. There are still a lot of unanswered questions but I'm assuming those will start being answered in the next season."
76561197993492300,Recommended,284390,11365293,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Scotty Firebird,"The Last Door is a magnificently put together game. As was said somewhere else (Penny Arcade, I believe), it certainly does seem to be a love letter to H.P. Lovecraft, with some H.G. Wells and David Lynch thrown in there. More than anything, this game is an interactive story, and seeing as how so many games seem to lack a focus on story these days, this does not bother me at all. The puzzles are clever (though admittedly not very challenging) and, most importantly, fun to work though; the characters are engaging and mysterious; the atmosphere is wonderfully elegant and horrific as can only be experienced in great literature.The only drawbacks I'd say are present in this game are the ubiquity of the music (it's a brilliant and moving score, and most of the time it fits the mood perfectly, but sometimes it will do just the opposite and break the mood by hammering out in an intense situation that would be better suited to silence) and, as I metioned earlier, the simplicity of the puzzles. That being said, those are not dealbreakers and the game is still a great achievement.Graphically, The Last Door's pixelated visage might turn some away. I wouldn't consider it a pro OR a con. For me personally, it filled me with nostalgia for old adventure point-and-clickers; particularly the first Gabriel Knight (partly also because of the content), but for others it may separate the player from immersion.All in all, if you fancy a great Lovecraftian mystery with disturbing imagery and some legitimate scares, check it out!"
76561198018661439,Recommended,284390,12100702,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sebs,"In an indie adventure game, the story, the atmosphere are everything. The sound and music, and not the graphics set the tone. This game has both in huge abundance! I'm glad I got all of the episodes at the same time as I could not put it down. The game does end on a cliffhanger, so can't wait for season 2. The whole atmosphere is very creepy and reminds me of the best of Call of Cthulhu mixed with 'In the Mouth of Madness' movie. Awsome effort. Cant wait to see what happens next!!!"
76561197970983403,Recommended,284390,12139375,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,killingyouguy,"Not a bad little retro horror mystery if you can get it on the cheap. Although, not a fan of cliffhanger endings.."
76561198003469036,Recommended,284390,12144179,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Dread Guacamole,"The last door is a lovely little old-school horror graphic adventure. The mood is superb, helped by a gorgeous score (the music in this game is some of the best I've heard this year) and excellent writing. The pixel art is also good, and does a great job of suggesting gruesomeness rather than showing all the gory bits.Most of the puzzles are fine and make sense, although the game relies a little bit too much on a mechanic I dislike (re-examining visited locations which will have changed since the last time you visited them). Still, the main attraction here is a great old-fashioned horror story that manages to juggle sustained dread and very effective jump scares.Do be warned, though, that the episodes collected here are only the first season - the game ends in a pretty big cliffhanger."
76561198125749769,Recommended,284390,12249796,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,aaronmcbride1989,"I wish there were more games like this one, absolutely beautiful.10/10"
,Recommended,284390,20633028,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ultimecia,"To quote Penny Arcade: ""A love letter to H. P. Lovecraft""... and to E. A. Poe. A little pearl I'm honored to have in my games library."
,Recommended,284390,21137319,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,rafaelbeltrame,"Great story, and a unique atmosphere. A little short, but still a great game"
,Recommended,284390,21254476,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,McJesusDaReal,"''Dearest Alexandre,please you must reflect on this.We do not yet know we were dealing with.If you were to play that game,it may stay that way.An open way for whatever lives on the other side..Videte ne quis sciat.. ''I don't really know what else one needs to say. I'd never expect this kind of pixel game had me like that way.Pure insanity."
,Recommended,284390,21239585,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,NecroDancer,"Really, really good. I would love to buy the soundtrack to it, it's amazing."
,Recommended,284390,12973100,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,EscaflowneZ,An excellent horror series.  Modern production techniques with an old school art style.  Must play if you like Cthulu inspired mythos games.
76561198022820771,Recommended,284390,10284064,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"The Last Door is a point and click horror 8bit game. The music and story telling in the game will make you feel connected to the world, as the game draws you in more and more. Over all it was an enjoyable experince with very good music. For more reviews be sure to check out the channel herehttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NjhcdQ4oqE&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpA"
76561197972382461,Not Recommended,284390,26322072,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DoGCyN,"EDIT: I finally managed to beat the game. The annoying crash was finally bypassed. Review however, remains the same. Very uninspiring as a whole with poor level design. Sorry, this is how I feel.Original review:Unfortunately the game crashes every time I get to a certain point in Chapter 4. Also was very much uninspired by the first 4 chapters. Props to developers for the art style as I love it but the game's level design is lacking for me personally. Hoping for more content like this in the future with hopefully stronger level design."
76561198006922325,Recommended,284390,12933398,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Exitus Acta Probat,"This game was a wonderful homage to writers like Poe, Machen, Blackwood and Bierce. I would keep buying seasons of this as long as the developers keep producing them.10/10"
,Recommended,284390,21108409,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sleepy Sheepy,"I spent most of the time complaining about how ♥♥♥♥ing hard it was to know what to do and how outlandish some of the required steps were.But by the end of each chapter I had chills down my spine and would not stop playing, this game is complex, sad, spooky, and super frustrating but the story is an incredible tale with a lot of freaky elements which will envelop you into the lore.If you are a big fan of H.P or E.A.P and that kind of story and story telling, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,284390,21416803,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,EZuppani,Great story
,Recommended,284390,23887366,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,meatLoaf,play.this.game!
,Recommended,284390,19240415,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,gigetto,Scary stuff. Reccomended.
76561197982492362,Recommended,284390,27504477,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Derv,Just play it!!!
76561198012000813,Recommended,284390,32209809,Posted: 5 June,all,imdehaven,Knock-Knock!
76561198308622536,Recommended,284390,26143216,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,eddie,Horror and Lovecraftian atmosphere with pixels?Believe!Great game
76561197998580088,Recommended,284390,26250823,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Gutemann,Just finished the first chapter and I am already happy with the game.
76561198084376227,Recommended,284390,23539429,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Just another noob,"I played the first chapter on newgrounds sometime around its release, I became obsessed and played it multiple times.After a few years of nothing and filling the void with many games I re-discovered this on steam and to my delight, all of them.I've not played it to get all of the achevements yet but what a game and a story ,interesting art style that flows well and works for all computers.All in all 10 outta 10 would play again."
,Recommended,284390,20344636,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,I enjoyed it but the end kind of bummed me out.It leaves you hanging with no real ending.You'll have to purchase the second season.It's not woth the full price but if you get in on a sale then go for it.
76561197983399143,Recommended,284390,24099205,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Arcanix,"I very, very much enjoyed this. The setting, and dialogue were spot on the story was perfect for a lovecraftian experience. Sometimes solving the puzzles was  a bit arbirary, which was frustrating on occasion. The only other compliant I had was the reduced walk speed if you're holding a latern. Regardless, I am very satisifed and hope to see more like this"
76561198132961331,Recommended,284390,32768223,Posted: 25 June,all,Whiz,SPOOPY GET #2 YW
,Recommended,284390,25825727,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Renesco,"Fantastic point-and-click horror game, well made, nicely polished and totally enthralling."
76561198035403201,Recommended,284390,25936610,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Incerto,"mt bom adventure, horror clássico"
76561198040220832,Recommended,284390,25898241,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Random,Truly an awesome game with great story and music. Loved the atmosphere and totally got my moneys worth.
,Recommended,284390,28352868,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[Biotrash] Sephirothiel,"Excellent point & click, excellent story."
76561197972442783,Recommended,284390,28391319,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Skarhead,"Just finished Season 1 and was surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  The pixel graphics may seem like a distraction, but surprisingly they work very well.  The gameplay is very similar to The Journey Down or Grim Fandango, but a darker theme.  I'll be buying Season 2 for sure.  The soundtrack is included for free with purchase, which I found very relaxing; simple classical music.  Overall, I think this is worth purchasing at full price; so on sale this is a must.  Fans of adventure genre will not be let down."
76561198011514295,Recommended,284390,28454325,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ChaoticReaper,Great game. It was a little dark and gritty but thats the way i like them.
,Recommended,284390,26325411,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Chaotic Zombie,"Absolutely excellent. I don't usually like point-and-click games, but I was drawn to this title because of the subject matter. The music is incredible and very fitting, and atmospheric. The puzzles aren't terribly obtuse, usually this is what keeps me away from this type of game. Currently I'm over 2 hours in, and less than halfway through the game. There are 4 chapters, and 4 mini chapters under the Extras tab. I would highly recommend it."
76561198082874363,Recommended,284390,33571882,Posted: 15 July,all,bareshark1975,"As of this writing, I am up to Episode 3 and...Words fail me...truly.I got this for the Lovecraftian tag that brought me face to face with this game. But the true essence of this game owes a deeper debt to the man whom Lovecraft called his ""god of fiction"": Edgar Allan Poe. You play a young man come to seek out a boyhood friend living in a remote estate out in the country (House of Usher, anyone?). Thanks to an interactive prologue that has to be seen to be believed, you already know what state your friend is going to be in when you find him. But that's just a clever feint. By the end of the episode, you find out that there is a lot more going on than you expected.The amazing thing about this game to me is how it is able to accomplish so much with so little. It utilizes graphics that I would have expected from a 1980s Sierra adventure game that roughly approximate the look of the objects they represent. But then it combines it with a lush score that evokes its Gothic setting and fairly stellar sound effects that conjure up the required horror better than any graphics ever could. It's a trick that the developers borrowed from old time radio dramas (more recently utilized by the H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society for THEIR new-time radio adaptations): what you hear is always more horrible than what you see.Puzzles are about as difficult as Sierra's classic run of Quest adventure games, albeit with a click UI. It involves a lot of pixel hunting, logic application and a willingness to use anything and everything on every possible location. You either love this or you don't.The first episode is a little too overt in its Poe love. If you sat through a high school English lit class, you'll get most to all of the references. But subsequent episodes begin charting their own story course with plotting that recalls William Hope Hodgson's ""House on the Borderland"", Robert Chambers' ""The King In Yellow"" collection and the more uncanny stories of Ambrose Bierce. Yes, it also recalls Lovecraft himself but it's worth remembering that the authors I just mentioned influenced HPL in his own storytelling. At this point, I know I'm going to have to finish this game to figure out what's going on.Oh and there is a special treat in the Extras menu. The Extras consist of vignettes that take place between chapters, driven by characters outside the main narrative. To avoid spoilers, I would recommend skipping these until you finish the game however.All in all, it was well worth the slight cost involved to buy this game. If you're an old school adventure fan, highly recommended!"
76561198013817185,Recommended,284390,15210487,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,phantasmag[DHZ],"So much better than I expected.  The story keeps building and building.  Really scary at times, thanks to brilliant sound production (just because the pixels are lo def doesn't mean the sound has to be!) and an amazing soundtrack that hits all the right notes, sometimes brooding, waxing to a climax, or even silent.  The soundtrack uses strings as its backbone.  It's pretty to listen too, and lends the affair a cinematic scope.  Use headphones!!Fantastic story, very addictive with a lot of cliffhangers to keep you going.  The puzzles are simple and won't bog you down, but are fun to uncover.Love this game <3"
,Recommended,284390,14831530,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Captain TryHard,"Highly atmospheric, very story-driven and decent puzzles! A very good games!"
,Recommended,284390,14888904,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Brodie,"The Last Door has easily been one of the scariest and most fun games I've ever played! Perfectly done horror, amazing audio and visual storytelling and an incredible atmosphere!"
,Recommended,284390,14294652,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TRAPTHEM,One of the best games of 2014 hands down. Amazing atmosphere considering what gamers are used to these days in terms of graphics. Not a nostalgic pixelated adventure game but a really refreshing take on story telling in gaming.
76561198078573009,Recommended,284390,24244158,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"one of the few point and click games i actually finished. good story, puzzles kept me interested and ends in a cliffhanger. now i have to wait till next summers steam sale so i can get season 2 at a bargain bwahahahaha"
,Recommended,284390,32745708,Posted: 24 June,all,neosjog,great game
76561198059843340,Recommended,284390,26425770,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,frippertronic81,It's a good atmospheric horror pixel adventure.
,Recommended,284390,26381587,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,>©opyrekt<,"This game is amazing; the story is insanely good, the music is enjoyable and adds to the mood, and the ""pixel art"" is simply stunning. I dove into this series being doubtful, but it certaintly redeems itself as soon as you finish Chapter 1 and 2.NOTE: The only ""bad"" part of this game is that sometimes items are wierd and left unexplained. For example, in Epsiode 2, I was walking around with themusic box and coinfor an eternity before I realized i had to use iton the nun upstairs. Otherwise, it works out fine."
,Recommended,284390,26401884,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,you know the games bout to be lit when the first thing to do is to kill yourself
76561198288061471,Recommended,284390,26416886,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Killeps,I liked the jumpscares :DDDDIt is a good game with a good story and even if it has some pixel graphics I like it.
76561198022241634,Recommended,284390,23853665,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gozzle,"I'm surprised how much I'm enjoying this. I've tried a few games that are similar but none have particularly grabbed me. This one, though, weaves a well told story and makes good use of excellent audio and its low fi graphics. Highly recommended if you enjoy reading the works of Poe, Machen and Robert Chambers."
,Not Recommended,284390,30626683,Posted: 19 March,all,bagels,"It's hard to recommend this. It's not bad, I like the old graphics and the audio.It's short. I wouldn't judge it harshly for that, except that it's short because it's being sold as two games. And it's short because there's no real puzzles, just walk right threw the novel and every once in a while throw every item in your inventory at a hotspot.The story is odd and never really pulls together. There's a bunch of spread out pieces and people, and they never unite into anything before it stops and you have to buy another game. It doesn't inspire an interest in this next game though, mostly because I don't think this story is going to develop any better than this.I hate to give a negative review but there isn't enough here and the story never makes enough sense for me to care about it. I do wonder if the second part ties anything up, but I'm not going to buy it to find out. It seems to me, if the game was whole, it would have been worth it."
,Recommended,284390,26502279,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ryuu,"Don't judge by graphics, it's a good quest, and sounds are so well done this could as well be just text game"
,Recommended,284390,28912920,Posted: 1 January,all,Isaac Newton,"Best game of the genre I've played since Monkey Island.Didn't expect much, finished the game truly satisfied.10/10"
76561198296887989,Not Recommended,284390,30628820,Posted: 19 March,all,Palduk,Great atmoshpere with 8-bit graphics but way too easy puzzles for click-and-point. Sad.
76561198013865579,Recommended,284390,20566632,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,nilen435,Scary!
,Recommended,284390,18695830,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SajBear,It was an amazing experience!
76561198002676061,Not Recommended,284390,30560954,Posted: 16 March,all,Granfalegion,"Carlos Viola deserves a lot of credit for an excellent score.After that, I fail to see what any of the fuss is about.The first thing you notice is the writing.  It's stilted and flat, in what may be an attempt to mimic period dialogue but instead comes off as insincere at best.  Playing off all-too-common tropes of abandoned text scattered everywhere, animals being weird, and an explosive case of amnesia, vast portions of the game just feel forced.  The characters aren't coherent and motivations seem to change between episodes.  This isn't about an Unreliable Narrator or the mysteries that lie behind the adventure; the writing is fraught with such problems it simply challenges your ability to stay immersed at all.Stuff just happens.  Spookily, I suppose you'd say.  Spooky stuff.All of this adds up to a storyline that's just been ripped straight from HPL's ""Rats in the Walls"" and Rob Zombie's ""Lords of Salem"" between extended bouts of coveting Ben Croshaw's 10 year old Chzo Mythos.Adventure fans won't find much here, either.  Puzzles are trivial when not adolescent, and inventory choices make sure to slick your gears as soon as possible.  The whole experience was over in under 3 hours, and I'm simply disappointed by it."
76561197976028334,Not Recommended,284390,34318162,Posted: 17 August,all,Get Burned!,"The Last Door starts off really strong. The first chapter has the player exploring a creepy, dark house. The best scene in the game is in this first chapter when the player puts a record into a phonograph. It was bizarre, distressing, and excellent horror. Unfortunately, the rest of the chapters in the game are standard locations that don't do anything interesting. The story itself is very Lovecraftian in its nature revolving around a group of people trying to cross over into another dimension of existence. I found the details of the plot to be somewhat confusing and ultimately uninteresting. It was difficult to keep track of who all the characters were in the game, their motivations, and what their role was. The story is laid out from very early in the game and the details are filled in gradually over the course both seasons of The Last Door. The graphics were really low quality. This is a really low budget, crowd-funded game, so the poor graphics can be forgiven. Pixel art can look really good, and thankfully the sequel does some fantastic work with pixel art. In this game, expect very poor resolution and ugly animations. This game is on the easier side of point-and-click adventures. I didn't need to look up any solutions. It took around 6 hours to finish. The Last Door starts off strong, but unfortunately runs out steam before the end of the game and I do not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,284390,23029924,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,NIKO,"When i first started playing this game, i had a good feeling about it because of the way the story started. I liked the macabre development and the 1800s english setting in low resolution. I thought this was going one of those lower budget games with a great story. I was hooked.Having just now completed the game, I'm sorry to say that I am disappointed.  This game feels like an originally decent story has been spread over not only multiple episodes but also multiple seasons. What I mean is that the pace of this game has been slowed down to make it fit in episodes and the ending has been postponed. This kind of manipulation to a game concept is unfortunate for two reasons:First, when i bought the game, I thought i was buying a full game. The title does say ""The Last Door - Collector's Edition"".  Episodes are fine as they can also be viewed as chapters to a story, but being told at the end of the game that there's a season 2 coming up was unsettling (I wouldn't expect a collector's edition for only part of a story). I felt like a kid being the end of his bedtime story. No way i can sleep.Second, because the game makers are trying to fit the story in a predetermined marketing plan, the story feels broken. For example, the story slowly unravels through the first three episodes only to crash with an ending on episode 4 that does not make sense at all. I felt frustrated because I had been very patient with the first episodes to try to make sense of the story and then suddenly we jump to a conclusion which cannot be explained by any of what was told prior...   Did I miss something? I'm pretty sure I didn't. It was so slow I had plenty of time to gather everything.The Last Door had a good concept to build upon and I think it could have been a great game if the focus had been on unraveling the story and keeping the player hooked rather than building around an episode/season system.There are also problems with the game mechanics. I had to use a walkthrough in order to progress in the game. There were quite a few instances where I didn't know what to do because the required actions didn't make much sense. Also, the story is being told through text at the bottom of the screen, but sometimes you need sound in order to understand what you have to do. I think it would have been a good thing to add text-based cues of what's going on because I personnally didn't hear the crucial sounds until I read about them in the walkthroughs and boosted the volume up.My final verdict: i do not recommend the game and will not be playing season 2. I've lost interest in the story. Good concept, nice pixel art, though."
,Not Recommended,284390,26569475,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"Apart from the marvelous audio design and great sound tracks, the whole experience was meh for me.Pros:•	Sound and music•	Around 20% of puzzles that made sense•	Community powered?Cons:•	The pixel “art” Leaves a lot to be desired, and it’s not open to debate what’s called pixel art, it’s just lazy•	The Puzzles are just too easy, maybe they’re good for someone new to adventure or point n click games but anyway lazy again•	The story which everybody on steam greenlight and community seems to be overhyped about, is just another copy-paste occult horror story which shames the names like Allen Poe or Lovecraft attached to it by reviewers.•	Super pixelated jump scare cut-scenes, and a lots of them•	3 episodes free on browser versionVerdict:Get it if you are in love with cheap pixel art style and generic occult story on minimum 75% discount. Or else forget it.also 4 random crashes on win 10, probably the Linux folks having occult nightmares running this."
,Not Recommended,284390,12411500,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Fermi,"Pros: Consistant, creepy atmosphere.  Good animation, good soundrack, excellent writing, simple interface.  Intriguing story.  Steam achievements.  Evokes nostalgia of Alone in the Dark, Cthulhu mythos, etc.Cons: Pixel art.  The developer should have taken advantage of a 5.1 or 7.1 speaker setup for more immersion with the audio.  Sorry, but I don't like wearing headphones.  Can't save on demand.  The game is broken up into chapters instead of one seamless game.  The chapters were individually developed via Kickstarter campaigns.  This would have driven me nuts if I was an initial backer -- not knowing if enough money would be raised for the developer to finish the game and conclude the story.  Even after raising enough funds for 4 chapters, the developer chose to end the game on a cliffhanger leaving us with so many unanswered questions and a longing for more.  I HATE them for doing this.Summary: Unless you want to risk falling in love with a story that may never have a conclusion, skip this one until we have confirmation of guaranteed closure from the developer."
,Not Recommended,284390,11021368,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Galadriel,"Naming this episodic, incomplete game a 'Collector's Edition' is misleading. One may think, as I did, that they are purchasing a completed game. Generally publishers don't release Collector's Editions of incomplete games. Alas, this is four episodes of a story that has indeterminate length. Ah, another thing a casual steam purchaser may not realize unless they did a bit of research first, the first 3 episodes are free online. From their official website: ""With the release of each new chapter, the previous one becomes free. [...] Pay what you want to unlock the latest chapter, and help funding the development of the next chapter in the series.""Another criticism - the art style. On their website it's called 'low-res'. It's meant to only show what's necessary and leave much to the players imagination. Part of me feels that this is an excuse, though. An excuse for lazier art. The soundtrack was great, and the story may have been praiseworthy were it complete. Honestly though any praises I may have for this game are overshadowed in my mind by the developers unethical practices. “Collector's Edition” … what a joke."
76561198110558083,Not Recommended,284390,19399287,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,s1emeckii,"This game is such trash. It kinda makes up for the horrible graphics and writing by initially having a good atmosphere, interesting story and great sound design, but it quickly becomes a typical badly designed adventure games where you just go back and forth throughout the whole level, using every item on every possible thing until something works for no convincing reason. Plus, while the plot does start out interesting, it becomes silly and predictable, and the whole thing ends with a lazy cliffhanger. Stay far away from this one."
76561197992360630,Not Recommended,284390,32180328,Posted: 4 June,all,Threepac,Nice atmosphere and music but the game itself is BORING AS HELL.
,Not Recommended,284390,11581570,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,BINGEBOY,I'm launching the game in SteamOs and its saying that its playing but its not.
76561197971184665,Not Recommended,284390,10405496,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Freeman,"Overrated and mentally simplistic this game rather feels more like a begging note than a loveletter to H.P. Lovecraft. Whether one loves it or not it is difficult to ignore the weaknesses of the product.Cons;-very short. First chapter is done in ten minutes.-the story is copy-paste of some of Lovecraft's ideas, hardly deserving to be called tribute.-puzzles are simple to the point of complete absence of thinking and some feel artificial. Sort of 'use razor on tapestry.' Why can't you just push the damn tapestry aside? Because you don't have a real interface.-the scary parts are same as seen in thousand other games of same spirit; cut-scenes, dream-scenes, jump scares, jump scares with dramatic music. You can't die so don't worry.-there is no in-game notebook, which is fine since the game is so simple. Just point and klick 'till the chapter is done. The notes you find are written with modest talent, in style of  'soon I will stop trembling.'-the protagonist's name is Devitt. Bring us the girl, wipe away the debt.Pros;-good music, violins and pianos of past century."
,Not Recommended,284390,26316840,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,COCK,♥♥♥♥ing scam
,Recommended,284390,31598015,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,284390,17178694,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,kurzon,"A pixel-art masterpiece in all it's glory. Whenever you feel it is too much low-res, it immediately amazes you with it's details.And there is this amazing soundtrack and great story telling.One of the best games I have ever played. Strongly recommended to all adventure and horror fans."
,Recommended,284390,16219734,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dark Shaman,"As an avid fan of HP Lovecraft, and an old skool gamer, I've been looking for a Lovecraftian game (my favorites are Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of Earth [would kill for a sequel], Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Darkness Within I and II), and I stumbled upon this game. Although I'm not a big fan of pixel graphic games, this one actually filled the gap. I recommend this game to point-and-click adventure lovers. This game could be a lot better, if it had at least the graphics quality of the Black Mirror series. I started with a C=64 as an 8-year old, but c'mon. Update: Ok, I confess, less graphics means more imagination and more immersion. On the other hand, I got this game for Linux. And although the game installer  installed Adobe Air itself with no problems, it did not work (didn't care to mess with it, either). I got a dual-boot system to deal with such problems, so I had to reinstall it on Windows 7 to be able to play it."
76561198073518452,Recommended,284390,17109154,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,smile13241324,"It's a great game for all fans of the occult and macabre horror like the one written by H.P. Lovecraft.The story is greatly told, better than by similiar games from bigger studios.And it's one of the very few games which really made me jump.So even if you are not in on this retro pixelated thing I still strongly suggest to play this game."
76561198134811176,Recommended,284390,18704876,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Natoriouspig,"Wow, this was an amazing experience. The Last Door is everything you could ever want in a Lovecraftian game, but is also heavily influenced by the works of Poe. The mystery regarding the amazingly crafted story is more than enough to be a must have for all fans of gothic horror, but was makes the game so spectacular is the incredibly crafted score. Every song that is played as you walk through your macabre surroundings perfectly fits the mood. If you are needing a game that is Lovecraftian and actually good, get this game now."
,Recommended,284390,18849923,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Oncogene,Love it!
,Recommended,284390,18923672,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Megil Ithil,This is my favorite adventure game. It is simply wonderful. Play it.
76561198025330292,Recommended,284390,18319080,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,sammg37,"For as simple as it is, The Last Door sucks you in and leaves you begging for the next installment every time. The story is immersive, (I'm eagerly awaiting the next episode to see what happens to Devitt and friends!), the music is hauntingly beautiful, the art lets your imagination take over and run wild. For those who lack the time to play for hours, this game is very easily picked up and put down due to the nature of its release - there's always a recap at the beginning of each episode to remind you of what's going on. Each episode only takes about an hour of time, so you have little to lose by giving episode one a try. This series has stolen my heart and is truly a beautiful work of art that continues to unfold and evolve."
,Recommended,284390,18564189,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,thevisi0nary,Excellent atmosphere and progression. The game play is well made and the music is fantastic.
,Recommended,284390,18703871,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,br305893,"Excellent game, very subtle in it's scare tactics. The graphics may not be appealing to everyone, but for retro gamers the 8bit pixel graphics are a welcome touch."
76561198067453194,Recommended,284390,18815399,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,"8-bit horror point'n'click with creepy cozy atmosphere and a good story. Got some shocks along the way. The puzzles here was not that difficult, but some of them were not quite logical. 7/10"
,Recommended,284390,18830630,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Storm Lantern,"A very well made adventure game.  It's horror, but a much more old-fashioned, creeping dread kind of horror. More general creepiness than gore (though there is a little of that). The horror elements feel very believeable, and the world is well constructed.You can find this for free onKongregate.comor the developer's website. There are a few very minor extras included here, but they alone are not worth the price of admission. Play it for free, then decide if you want to contribute. The sequel/season 2 is currently on Steam Greenlight, and the developer is still taking suggestions.I first played this onKongregate.com, and loved it enough to buy it here.4/5  Would recommend."
76561198106453461,Recommended,284390,18336299,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,king-guinevere,"It takes a special kind of genius to make a point-and-click pixel game as amazingly terrifying as this. What The Last Door lacks in graphics, it more than makes up for in storyline and atmosphere. The music is wonderful, mood-setting and just in general, and the slow unwinding of the story is well paced and riveting.I absolutely love this game, it's one of my favorite games in the horror genre and in general. My only complaint is that Steam doesn't have all of the episodes released."
,Recommended,284390,17550511,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BananaInspector,"4.5/5 - Deliciously creepy little adventure gameOnce I got into this game I couldn't pull myself away from it. It perfectly captured a Lovecraftian sense of impending doom and dread, threw in some great scares and compelled me with a mysterious and gim victorian story.It oozes with both style and substance in a way that many games try to achieve, but few actually can. I'll never forget the rat children."
,Recommended,284390,16611414,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,daniel.jozsef,"The gothic horror adventure game you have been waiting for.It is generally very well designed, the puzzles flow naturally, and the creators are masterful at creating a foreboding atmosphere. There are jumpscares too, some of those are absolutely ingenious. If anything, the pixel graphics, which is barely symbolic of the places, people and things it represents, just add to the tension and the scare-factor."
76561198131066377,Recommended,284390,14226825,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Greyguardian,Made me feel like a little girl reading Poe again.
,Recommended,284390,16462916,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Low,Interesting little point & click game. Even now I'm still waiting for the story to continue onto its second game if it does happen. Not really jump scares in this game but at times you do get startled by the sudden creepy noise of a piano...CROWS AND RABBITS ARE THE WORST...
76561198006849221,Recommended,284390,18078920,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,rjazz2,Nice and creepy!
76561198084849725,Recommended,284390,17133310,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,thedoor2009,在像素游戏颇为泛滥的今天，该游戏的美术风格仍不得不说是出类拔萃。怀旧的维多利亚时期风格和游戏故事内容相得益彰。相信爱伦坡和克苏鲁神话爱好者会十分喜欢这个游戏。唯一的缺点是该游戏剧情略微松散了一些。不过我很期待第二季的完成。
76561198119398356,Recommended,284390,18021377,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Stalinho,"Probably one of the best games I have ever played, it has a very good story, easy gameplay(but hard enough not to be too easy to the point of getting boring), the graphics are not the best out there, but are highly enjoyable, all packed together with a lot of thriller, and a fair bit of horror too."
,Recommended,284390,13652425,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lairdofthewhiteworm,Yes. Good. Very good.
76561197969208726,Recommended,284390,13354152,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,HFM,"Fantastic experience! A point-and-click adventure that cannot be missed.The graphics are masterfully created pixel-art style, oozing with atmosphere and just the right palette and lighting effects. The sound and music bring tension and suspense to the package and keep your mind racing with intrugue and that want to know what's around the next corner feeling. The gameplay is standard point-and-click affair with interesting puzzles. Just enough challenge to make you think, but not to the point of frustration. But, all these things bring weight to the main spectacle which is the wonderfully crafted story of Jeremiah Dewitt, on a journey to discover why his childhood friend is requesting his immediate assistance. What strange things happened in Dewitt's past and what world-bending discoveries will he make about his childhood past and what it all means for him now in the present.I don't want to say too much as this game NEEDS to be experienced. You can see the quote from Penny Arcade below ""A love letter to H.P. Lovecraft."" This couldn't be any closer to the truth. I have always had a soft spot for Lovecraft's creations and settings, both in his fiction and in the table-top games and RPGs that have been crafted based on his work. If you even have a fleeting admiration for anything Lovecraft, you need to play this game.It's avaialble for free fromhttp://www.thelastdoor.com/, but the Steam Collector's Edition brings everything together in one nice package. I did notice there's MP3's in the steam game folder but they aren't organized in a ""soundtrack"" package, the ""official"" soundtrack is avaialble on their site for sale which is worth the cost. These guys deserve every penny of the price of the game whether it's on sale or not. If you happen to catch it on a Steam sale, there's absolutely no reason for you to hesitate. It's 5 or so hours of pure bliss.  I can't wait for the next season!The Bird....it...it...   *gasp*"
,Recommended,284390,13198004,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Yell0wPeril,This is the scaredist I've been with so little pixels.
,Recommended,284390,13202680,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,rapscallionsmile,"I'd recommend this game to anyone with a fondness for point & click, mystery or Lovcraftian tales. Despite not being a huge fan of the graphics style I found the interesting story and fantastic soundtrack more than made up for it. A genuinely creepy and wonderfully made gem of a game, and the extra mini chapters included here do a great job of fleshing out the great story further. Looking forward to plahing chapter 5."
,Recommended,284390,13482440,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,4KbShort,"While the visuals may seem as simple as they come the pixels convey exactly what they mean to. Add to this the Lovecraftian story, the excellent sounds, eerie music, and functional control schemes and The Last Door is one of the greatest ""simple"" adventure games ever made. While each episode is fairly short with simple puzzles that can be solved logically the flow of the game and ease of play makes each episode enjoyable for every minute and when you finish you'll want to move ahead without pausing even for a moment."
,Recommended,284390,13505400,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Moon,"The Last Door is a fantastic game which seems to be inspired by H.P. Lovecraft's works and the original Alone in the Dark game. The game has an eerie atmosphere and there is a few jump scares. The soundtrack is great and definitely helps me immerse myself into the setting. After completing each chapter, I was hungry for more. I eagerly await season two!"
76561198053957951,Recommended,284390,13453294,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SaschaMonkey,"This is an amazing game! It is not only beautifully crafted but it is downright scary. It brings upon terror, through a simplistic art style, and an eerie atmospheric tone.  Through this journey of the darkest portals of the imagination I could only thirst for more.  Do not be fooled by the pixelated artwork, for I have found that the pixels hide such wonderful secrets."
,Recommended,284390,13694054,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,applesauce.fyi,"I only just started the game and finished episode 1 and I really love it! It is quite scary, it really puts you on edge and gives off a lot of suspense with great music! The mysteries just keep making you want to play more! There are many secrets in the game that you'll be dying to uncover, hopefully without the dying part. XD"
,Recommended,284390,13972125,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jinx,"This classic-style adventure game is brilliant.The story has many layers of complexity and unfolds as a detective story/mystery with increasing intrigue and HP Lovecraft-hinted surrealism over 4 episodes. The world & story drew me in, I absolutely HAD to know what is going on and what happens next; each episode I played through in one sitting!The darkness in the scenes and the classical piano-and-string music set the tone of a gothic Victorian world perfectly; the illusion is never broken for the player.The 8-bit pixel graphics serve the game well: the lack of extreme detail on everything keeps things a bit vague and thus a bit mysterious.The inventory item use puzzles are extremely logical, and so are the times you must re-visit a room to advance the story or get an item.Each episode has a few well-placed jump-scares accompanied by a crescendo in music, and they are tied in to the story and not just for a thrill. If you think a pixelated game can't scare you, you're wrong!All the little details make this game a star. When you are holding just a lantern in the dark, you walk slower (cautiously). The creaking sounds when you're walking over a hard wood floor. A scream in the distance alerting you to go back upstairs...Get immersed, dive in, unravel the mysteries, and find out what The Last Door is..."
76561198062777882,Recommended,284390,13993936,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Murrin,Don't be discouraged by the ve-ry simple pixel graphs. The story and atmosphere more than make up for it!
,Recommended,284390,19566676,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,OregoX,"!i May contain spoilers i!The Last Door: Collector's EditionLong time ago, I saw a LP of the browser game. Basically my main language isn't english, but the LPer did a great job by translating the text.Gameplay:Like a normal Point'n'Click Adventure. Some nice riddles about what should be combined to make it useful.I'm not a fan of Point'n'Click Adventures, so I just give 4/5 Stars.★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Grafik:With that kind of graphics the game looks very mysterious and a bit creepy. The best thing is that the dev don't have to struggle to make a fitting face, because the face just has 4 pixels.^^ The most things you'll see are not identifiable, but the protagonist says what it is and you head does the rest.In my opinion perfect graphics for an Point'n'Click adventure!★ ★ ★ ★ ★Story:As I already mentioned it, my main language isn't english and I had some problems with words I've never heard before. So the google translator & and english - german book helped very much, but this is not the right part to rate this. The most of the story is mysterious and beyond my mind. I'm really speechless and recommend it for everyone who loves mystery stories. The Ideas are great and combined with some creepy moments it's by far the best story I've seen. Respect for such a creative dev (or devs, if there are more than one). I would like to give more than 5 stars but thats not possible.★ ★ ★ ★ ★language:This game just have english and also not an easy english you would understand after 8 years of school. They used many words I didn't even know that such words exists, but it's nice to broaden one's horizon. Maybe some translations would be nice, but I think this destroys the feeling of the game. English is a pretty nice language.:)That's all I wanted to say and the game deserves my rating of ★ ★ ★ ★ ★.According to the community i saw that 2016 the 2nd session of this game is going to be published. :D I'll buy this within year 2015 and I'll test the 1 chapter in early access. Cannot wait anymore."
76561198031994154,Recommended,284390,19194535,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,vegard,"An exceptionally atmosferic game. It really excels at sucking you into the game world, using occult symbolism and simple shock effects to stay interesting. Unfortunately the game is *all* about atmosfere. There is no real story with conventional progress, nor are there any interesting characters or relations. I am a big fan of pixelated graphics, but the Last Door takes this concept way to far.  It works well for amplifying the atmosfere, but this is just ridiculous. The original pong video game had better resolution than this.Still well worth the asking price though, and should not be missed by fans of horror/occult. 3 of 5 stars."
76561198004068936,Recommended,284390,21850342,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Luke (CZ/EN),Excellent point and click horror adventure game. The sound design and music are out of this world and the story is well written and compelling. Amazing atmosphere helped by the low-fi graphics that play with your mind when needed. Strongly recommended.
,Recommended,284390,21603258,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,spookylianne,"I was really impressed by this game! I mostly only play point and click adventures these days, and many lack that special something. Instead of the usual horror tropes such as jumpscares and running from monsters, it builds on tension, just like Lovecraft's stories that this is clearly a homage to, with a dash of Silent Hill-esque mind screw and mystery. The Last Door is an excellent story driven game that appeals totally to my particular tastes."
,Recommended,284390,21861123,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,oh screw me,"A fun point-and-click game. I enjoyed it for what it was.Pros:+Puzzles make sense+Smooth movement+Unique mechanic where you can fast-forward past a door you've already gone through, makes movement very fast+Gripping atmosphere, a few spooks+Interesting storyNeutral~The pixel art can be divisive. It does not hinder gameplay at all, but some people don't like it. Take a look at the game screenshots provided; if you're okay with that kind of art then you won't have a problem with the game.Cons:-Story is not finished. I was not aware of this, since I didn't see ""Season One"" in the title. It seems like Season Two is still in Early Access as well, so don't expect a conclusion soon.EDIT: The second season is out and it seems to be the conclusion.All in all, if you enjoy point-and-click adventure games or games that have a lovecraftian feel you should definitely buy it. Otherwise I suggest playing the first episode for free on their website, and then deciding."
76561198116312262,Recommended,284390,20126272,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RacoonHands,"This is a fantastic point & click game with great atmosphere, soundtrack & pixel art.  Any fan of Lovecraft or Poe should enjoy this game.  The puzzles are more more logical than many p & c games, and you don't pick up items that have no use, which is a relief.  Can't wait for season 2."
,Recommended,284390,19878406,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FrozenWhirl,Best choice after seeing a crime commited is to wander around on my own for a bit.
76561198002374125,Recommended,284390,20214564,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dr_Frankenfear,"Loved this! The pixelated art perfectly suits the grim Lovecraftian vibe and the music sets the tone beautifully.I bought Season 1 in the Xmas sale, zoomed through all 4 episodes (and the accompanying minisodes) in two sittings and will now be getting Season 2 on Early Access.I won't give too much away about the story, but suffice to say that you always feel as though you are a couple of steps behind what is currently happening but you are given just enough to want to continue and find out more.  For that I applaud the writers, as I hate being spoon-fed a plot and told exactly what everything is supposed to mean.Very much recommended."
,Recommended,284390,30671903,Posted: 22 March,all,Mazidox,AMAZING STORY! I loved this game. Just finished the game and the ending was amazing. Cannot reccommend this game enough! The gameplay was good. The puzzles were tricky but fun and clever. And the art was awesome. Don't play this game if you're looking for an outright horror game. This game is about as horror as the show Stranger Things if you've seen it.Here is my let's play of the game to give you an idea of the style and gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6pQ3P-uGtQEdit: I did not receive this for free.. Oops.. XD
,Recommended,284390,20454420,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ruby Soho,"Good on atmosphere and the pixel art is really nice, but feels more like Edgar Allan Poe/The King in Yellow than H.P. Lovecraft. Doesn't really need to be episodic though. Get this on sale for some short, but nice looking fun."
76561198040234830,Recommended,284390,20513764,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Old School Gamer,Loved it to 8-bits! When will it be released for NES?Tip: Play in the dark with headphones!
,Recommended,284390,27744937,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kasviel,"I first played this game in my darkened room, in bed, on my iPad. It was like curling up with a favorite Victorian horror story, and believe me, I know that genre well. I loved the intriguing tale so much that I bought the game again on Steam to play on my laptop or PC. I've played it many times over, and the same with Season Two. The cast resonates in their struggles, and among all the many, many low-res indie games, this one makes great use of the stark old-fashioned style to create a unique electronic peephole into Victorian-era UK. A fantastic original soundtrack by Carlos Viola rounds out the romanticism and tragedy of the story, and clever usage of sound effects polish the atmosphere to perfection.Gameplay-wise, it is a point-and-click, which is, for me, very underused these days. The emphasis is on puzzle-solving, with challenges ranging from easy to moderate. It is possible and enjoyable to go through it without a guide. This depends on personal opinion and gameplay experience, but I did not find it frustrating or tedious. The puzzles were well-designed and fit with the story very well; some were downright creepy!The developers of this game were very open and appreciative of the fan community during development. They even published graphical content free on Creative Commons on their blog. I've never seen such engaged developers, and that was a very refreshing thing to see.In conclusion, I cannot recommend this game enough. I've played it over many times, and I'll play it again in the future. You can see the care that went into telling this story and crafting the gameplay experience. It sticks with you, even now that Season Two has concluded and the story is told. One of my all-time favorites, right up there with the big-budget titles. Don't pass up giving this series a try!"
,Recommended,284390,27753220,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,anotherbo,"Perfect.  If you love a game with an atmosphere of impending doom as much I do, this game is for you.  I just purchased season 2 on the strength of the first, and look forward to what other nightmares The Game Kitchen come up with in the future."
76561198342297638,Recommended,284390,31226453,Posted: 18 April,all,Mara,Incredible game!
,Recommended,284390,32758545,Posted: 24 June,all,Panzermessiah,This game is magical.I will not give any detail. SEE FOR YOURSELF
76561198017203175,Recommended,284390,32673444,Posted: 23 June,all,Brooke,"Deserves a consistent ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating, a real gem!"
,Recommended,284390,33094777,Posted: 1 July,all,Criwall,"A pretty good horror adventure game with a ton of atmosphere. There are a few moon logic puzzles that you will only solve by using items on each other or on every interactable object on the screen, but that's what you expect for the most part with these kinds of games. You had a pretty good idea what you where suposed to do next, most of the time. Great sound design. The pixelart is basic but works setting the creepy mood where you aren't entriely sure what you are looking at at times.A fairy strong recomendation, especially at reduced price."
76561198074304878,Recommended,284390,26359894,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,mylenet,"That game might be my favorite one. The music is exquisite, the story very thrilling and I actually like the graphics.Stephen King says there are three types of fear, the terror being the hardest to achieve, yet the most effective: "" It's when the lights go out and you feel something behind you, you hear it, you feel its breath against your ear, but when you turn around, there's nothing there..""That is exactly what The Last Door is about. If you like horror and gore, you'll be very disappointed, but if you like suspense and mystery, you'll LOVE this game. There are some jump scares, but they're very well used.Just buy the damn game already."
,Recommended,284390,32630882,Posted: 21 June,all,Micah,"Great story, amazing soundtrack, low price."
76561198015324296,Recommended,284390,33196993,Posted: 3 July,all,leuh gégé,"Wonderful ! Pixelation is well used. The story is more and more intriguing as the game progresses. Logical and story-related puzzles. Great soundtracks, very adequate. A masterpiece this is."
76561198065200496,Recommended,284390,33202281,Posted: 3 July,all,Roland The Jabberwocky,"One of the most unsettling games ive ever played. Do not let the graphics fool you, this is a perfect example of lovecratian horror of the unknown."
,Recommended,284390,33178957,Posted: 3 July,all,Sienical,"The jumpscares are kinda cheap, with the music and such; but I am super into the story. Definitely playing season two."
76561198014473461,Recommended,284390,33361488,Posted: 7 July,all,Genghis Pawn,"There's already a ton of great reviews. I just wanted to throw my ""Thumbs up"" on the pile with everyone else's.I've never played any game (certainly no other point-and-click) that has at much atmosphere asThe Last Door. I really felt like cosmic horrors were creeping into the back of my head and defiling my soul while playing it."
76561198030817501,Recommended,284390,33300855,Posted: 5 July,all,Tofudebeast,"Great point & click adventure with an enjoyable Victorian horror story in the style of Poe.  Puzzles are fun, and fit the story well. The puzzles aren't very difficult, however- the entire game is a 3-4 hour investment."
,Recommended,284390,33547264,Posted: 14 July,all,Yvoire,"Well, what a small, wonderful gem this game is!A well narrated, well paced horror story with a touch of the lovecraftian, yet set in a time and stage right out of a tale by Poe. And it has the best of both. I loved the dialogues, the atmospheres, the colours, the notes you find scattered around the game that give you glimpses of what's going on by hinting at it in vague, suggestive tones. The jump scares were also well placed, if a bit predictable at times, and the puzzles were very reasonable. Clearly the point is to watch the story unfold rather than getting stuck with difficult riddles. Which I appreciate, sometimes one needs exactly that: it serves the pacing of the story well.A great game, one I'll recommend to anyone, and give as gift to my friends on the next occasion."
76561198067520831,Recommended,284390,33666941,Posted: 20 July,all,Doctor J,Creepy.
,Recommended,284390,17316788,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,girlwithcow,"I absolutely loved this game. I love the setting, the story, and especially the art and music. I know some might think that  low-res will not be scary enough for a horror game, but trust me when I say that you will be surprised. The sounds (used sparingly but effectively), music and the dark, often deserted places can be quite chilling.I just felt that the puzzles were too simple. I believe that advanced point-and-click gamers will feel that this game is not much of a challenge. It is still enjoyable, don't get me wrong!I have to mention again that the music is absolutely beautiful, and I'm a bit sad that I cannot purchase it apart form buying the game again on the website.Lastly, I would like to point out that the story is not finished with Season One, and that you will be disappointed if you are looking for a completed storyline! Season Two, however, can be purchased on the developers website."
,Recommended,284390,28276254,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,raamborges,"Man this game rocks, amazing story, the second season is great, it's cheap, you really should try it, you are not gonaa regret it."
76561197970508370,Recommended,284390,23529881,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,OkO,Awesome
76561198034625232,Recommended,284390,23799367,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,IreneHCapone,"A great example that a good game doesn't need high-end graphics or lots of special effects to create a dark and terrifying atmosphere.The Last Door tells a story about secrets in a wonderful, pixelated way, with the soundtrack luring you deeper into the happenings. A musical treat.But beware - several scenes will leave you with your mouth open, thinking ""that just didn't happen"". And you will go on to find out more, and more ..."
,Recommended,284390,23749681,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bizarre Adventurer,"A fairly short but also fairly well done adventure game with a Poe-esque atmosphere and a Lovecraft-esque story. It is actually a bit weak in the puzzles department, in that they are neither very interesting nor always logical. However the story itself is alright, the storytelling is nicely done, and the atmosphere is great. As an adventure ""game"" it's lackluster, but as a piece of interactive fiction it pushes most of the buttons a good short story of gothic horror crossed with cosmic horror would push."
,Recommended,284390,23238699,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Vancoor,"Wow, I just gotta say that I LOVE this game! It's a point & click horror game inspired by the likes of  H.P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allan Poe. It's main appeal is it's music and its amazing story! The music is origional and fits the game well and the story is immersive and will leave you thinking.After completing the game, something was missing... I couldn't get my fix of not so much horror, but thought provoking scary♥♥♥♥♥♥hah! So, I was compelled to search out other games similar to this and books similar to it. It lead my to reading many of H.P. Lovecrafts works. I now consider him one of my favorite authors. Now, it's not just any game that can make someone go in search of and fall in love with an entire genre of literature. Overall, 10/10 Would recommend to anyone in search of a good story!"
,Recommended,284390,22645651,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kitty,"Absolutely brilliant! Don't let the graphics fool you, because this was one of the most well-made games that I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I enjoyed it so much that I even bought The Last Door: Season 2 and completed that as well. I couldn't bring myself to touch another game in my library until I had completed it. Rarely, do I go out of my way to get all achievements for a game unless I find it to be extraordinarily fun. The Last Door series is one of those games. If you haven't played this, then you are seriously missing out! I strongly encourage anyone who loves a good story and puzzles to play this series! My fingers are crossed to hopefully see more of this series in future. Best of luck to the developers - you're astounding!"
76561198049668877,Recommended,284390,22622620,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Rockheart,Horror masterpiece. Very much recommended.
,Recommended,284390,24136029,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,morphineblues,"If you are looking for an interesting story with a hint of horror and lots of mystery, then you will love this game.On the other hand if you used to play puzzle games, you will find puzzles quite easy. But still it' s definetly worth being on your collection and hours you will be playing."
76561198056180404,Recommended,284390,24221829,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,powlyness,"The graphics look aweful until you start playing. They work well with the excelent sound.The game is chilling, facinating and wonderful."
,Recommended,284390,30824870,Posted: 29 March,all,EnyaAngel,"Very deserving of its overwhelmingly positive reviews.The Last Door has such an amazingly indepth storyline that you won't want to miss out on. :)Infact, even when you play thru it all, you might miss out on a few pieces of storyline.I find that I went back to replay the beginning just to form a better understanding of it all because it's a *lot* to take in.Ignore the cheap jumpscares and easy puzzles. It's the vehement storyline that triumphs. Enjoy!~The same can be said for Season 2, of course.~"
76561198076176773,Recommended,284390,24289333,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Alistair L,Well Season 2 just jumped to the top of my wishlist. Bloody fantastic this was- Episode 3 in particular was masterfully crafted.
76561198007000527,Recommended,284390,24214429,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,XTRIKER,"amazing game, i already played this game on website but i had to help them buying it  here.i would like to watch a movie with this kind of plot."
76561198103290668,Recommended,284390,20031987,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jgjsmith006,"I don't usually feel compelled to write reviews for games I purchase on Steam but The Last Door was different in that aspect.  Although used to games from the 90's my first thought on loading the game was that the graphics were terrible (they actually grew on me after a while).  However, I knew that graphics are not what makes a game good and continued playing.  What a good decision that was.  Although short (four episodes) the game is absolutely brilliant.  As a point and click game it is well structured, fantastically written with some of the best music I have ever heard in any type of game, bringing a great atmosphere to the Victorian setting.  Although the puzzles are fairly simple it does manage to provide a good balance between being a game and ensuring that the story flows.  Sometimes, I find that similar point and click games feature overcomplicated or nonsensical puzzles which can frustrate or alternatively you are railroaded through the game too quickly with too much handholding and not enough interaction. The Last Door is also one of the few games I have played recently where I was genuinely intrigued to see what was behind each door or what the many characters in the game had to say and it was also genuinely unsettling at certain times (with a certain Lovecraftian feel).  If you are a fan of old point and click games, horror games or fancy something a little different than your mainstream games, then give this game a go.  Highly recommended."
76561198041217710,Recommended,284390,20097437,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mowenwulf,I love the story to this game and the old fashioned graphics it brings back. Much fun. Been playing and waiting for each episode to come out since it started on a mere browser game site.
76561198065807260,Recommended,284390,29423710,Posted: 22 January,all,AliMa,"Oh. My. Lovecraftiness.This may look like a simple point&click adventure game, but I have never been so frightened of pixels as I was in this game. If you like mystery/horror games and want to try something new, this is definitely it!"
,Recommended,284390,29468468,Posted: 24 January,all,IMM0LAT0R,"Well made, point & click horror adventure, featuring religious themes, inappropriate for children, but well made and very enjoyable."
,Recommended,284390,29491574,Posted: 25 January,all,beema,"Fun point & click adventure with narrative and styling of a Lovecraftian nature. Despite its pixel art visuals, it manages to be very immersive, thanks to its excellent sound design."
,Recommended,284390,29444083,Posted: 23 January,all,Diolyx,"The world is not what it seems. There is a threshold between this world and the next. The last door awaits...It's an amazing feat how many emotions these developers managed to conjure up from as few pixels as possible. Make no mistake, this is a scary game. It'll draw you into its Lovecraftian world of loss, madness and fear over the course of the four episodes, and the foreboding atmosphere it builds up over their course is in a league of its own.It's difficult to describe how this game manages to be scary to those who have not played it. It's due to the phenomenal story for the most part, but also the masterful sound design. As events take a turn for the worse, you'll hear howling behind walls or singing from someone who isn't there or hear footsteps following you.Perhaps ironically, this game isn't one that'll force you to go on a pixel hunt for the next item. It's very clear what you can and cannot use, what items to combine, and what interactions you have left. Usually, in a point and click game, I'll resort to using a walkthrough for one part at least, but this wasn't the case with The Last Door. These developers took their time to make it accessible for all types of players. It's clear how much they cared for this project.Kudos to Carlos Viola for the brilliant soundtrack. Not only does it work perfectly for this game, but I've found it atmospheric enough to listen to while reading horror. It's far more listenable when a horror game goes for a memorable soundtrack, rather than a generic scary one. ""Crows over the city"" is probably the best theme tune for a horror game I've heard.By the time I got to the final episode, I was hopelessly hooked on this series, but I wanted to turn it off because that episode is terrifying. There's an achievement called ""The Angels Protect This House"", that I'd suggest reading before playing the final episode. It made me dread playing it, and I promise you, you'll dread turning your back on them.I'd suggest this game to anyone remotely interested in Lovecraft, or fear of the unknown."
76561198049102309,Recommended,284390,29578901,Posted: 29 January,all,CamooTheSkull,"It was a little short, and It wasn't perfect, but it was pretty close for me. I personally can't get enough of games like this. If you like a slow build up to your horror stories, with that creeping sense of dread in the background. I'd definitely recommend this game. it's an episodic point and click, puzzle solving horror, with a pixelated graphic art style, but despite that, the music, sounds and atmosphere, combined with the various items you find, including the foreboding notes hidden throughout the game, suck you in and make you feel something is very wrong. The only complaints I really had, were that the game is split up into two seasons, of which you have to purchase separately, but I knew this going in, and even then, the first season was not a disappointment. The other is that because of it being an episodic game, it felt at times that the puzzles were a bit too linear, and made them a little easier. Overall how ever, I felt this was a good game. Especially one to play alone on a rainy day or in the dark."
,Recommended,284390,29402946,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Chilling and mysterious, this game will draw you in and keep you guessing. The pixel art takes some getting used to, but the pacing, music, and plot make it worth the trouble."
76561197998851853,Recommended,284390,29159896,Posted: 10 January,all,tiagoamaro,"- Amazing music and sound work- Enjoyable history and immersion- Easy interface and accessibility. Actually played with close captions turned on, and they helped me a lot to understand some scenarios contexts- It takes a while to get used to the pixel art, but it gets better on further chapters"
76561198054440689,Recommended,284390,29680382,Posted: 3 February,all,Æthelred the Unready,"v fun, v spoopy, engrossing mysteries and great music"
76561197999816631,Recommended,284390,29934901,Posted: 14 February,all,T0T4L Gridl0ck,"Great game, really captures the Lovecraftian atmosphere. Not really any jumpscares throughout the game, more so an unsettling feeling following you around. Graphics are minimal but that's ok, it's all about the story with this one."
76561198029518941,Recommended,284390,29930050,Posted: 14 February,all,oboulys,"This is a very nice pixel style, Lovecraft-vibey, eerie atmospherey kind of point and click game.Its not very difficult, but the puzzles are fun and logical, and the atmosphere is just lush.Because of the music and sound. And the Lovecraft vibes.Its a gem. Developers, can you please make more?Thanks.When I say Atmos, you say Fear.Atmos----"
,Recommended,284390,29109771,Posted: 7 January,all,anubsession,"I haven't finished The Last Door's first season yet, and am starting Chapter 4 now.It plays like a creepy/mystery/ MS-DOS game that's so pixelated that you can barely make out where a floor ends and a table begins. The story gets stranger and stranger the further it progresses, and has a depressingly dark and gloomy atmosphere about it.All of these odd qualitites about the game add up to why I personally like it, and I've liked the parts I've played thus far enough to get the 2nd Season. Buy it."
,Recommended,284390,29074375,Posted: 6 January,all,Potato,"Oh my God what an amazing game. Wonderfully atmospheric, terribly frightening, and challenging but not so challenging that you need a guide. If this sounds amazing to you (and why wouldn't it?) you will enjoy this game as much as I did."
,Recommended,284390,28876334,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hakansert13,"It has been a while since i had played an adventure game like this... good puzzles, good storyline, sentimental musics and also lovecraft... dont miss this game if you like adventures!"
,Recommended,284390,16344365,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ZybRnetiC,"A great collection of the first seasons' 4 episodes of The Last Door series. Season 2 is already in the making, and even 2 episodes out on their site (Edit: When editing this review, the 2nd season has already been released).I simply loved the retro pixelated graphics, the mood setting artwork, colors, music and selection sound. You immediately get the whole creepy vibe over you when you play. It plays upon your fears, like fear of dark and open empty spaces. You never feel quite safe anywhere you go as something might happen suddenly.Despite the game playing upon horror themes, it isn't quite like any horror movie or game out there. It's more about the suspense, and about the thrill of the search and hunt for answers. You can discover many secrets while playing, which makes you play episodes several times to find all the answers you need. The game also includes a few intriguing puzzles that you will need to solve in order to progress.This collector's edition had some nice extras added, and a few more features I didn't remember from the initial episodes I played on Kongregate. It's a nice purchase and a great addition to any game library. I urge any point-and-click fan, horror/thriller fan, mystery/crime fan etc to try this out. It reminds me of the good old games from LucasArts like Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle. It includes some nice referances to H.P. Lovecraft's works, and it is also considered a tribute to him in several ways. In short, this game is a must-have. Give it a shot, and maybe you will find out what lies behind the last door?"
,Recommended,284390,30116743,Posted: 23 February,all,pants_are_overrated,"After playing the first episode online for free, I absolutely had to play them all.  So, I bought both the first and second season at the same time.  I burned through the first season in a few hours.  Don't be fooled by the ""graphics""; they're quite basic, but the story evolves beautifully and remains captivating.  I'm also enjoying the challenge involved in getting all the achievements, though I don't quite have them all yet.  Once I'm done with the second season, I'll be coming back to this one to get my remaining ones.All in all, this is a fantastic game that's well worth the price."
76561198095338350,Recommended,284390,26956629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Holven,I'm never sleeping again. 10/10
76561198054570404,Recommended,284390,27914455,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GameJeannie,"I you like horror point-and-click adventures, this is for you.  The graphics might take a little adjustment at first, but they become one of the highlights of this creepy game.The sort of game to be played with the lights off and wrapped in a duvet."
,Recommended,284390,27649718,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pansy,"It's the best kind of horror – disturbing, melancholic and mysterious. It hits the right chords of your heart. There is no arguing The Last Door is a masterpiece. It delivers atmosphere and music on point. Just go play it and thank me later. You'll yearn for more."
76561197993468258,Recommended,284390,32290763,Posted: 9 June,all,Capital Smirk,"Awesome point and click adventure with its own unique style. The simple graphics doesnt bother at all, because it's complimented with very good music and sound effects. The story is engaging though it can be tiring if you're not that into reading. Puzzles are challenging but doable. It's quite amazing what the developers were able to achieve with the building blocks given."
76561198042617200,Recommended,284390,31803665,Posted: 17 May,all,Look She Glows,Love Lovecraft? You will love this game!!!
76561198094231333,Recommended,284390,31993339,Posted: 27 May,all,Vincent Blond,"'En la mort hi ha esperança, de la mort sorgeix la vida. Un ha de trobar la seua pròpia naturalesa per entendre el no res'.Obcecats per veure més enllà del vel, va ser Ell qui ens va veure.Excellent Allan Poe's point and click adventure. Moreover, catalan language was a great surprise."
,Recommended,284390,33800261,Posted: 25 July,all,CajunStrider,"This game surprised me with its soundtrack, atmosphere, and storytelling. I really enjoying this game so far and its just the first episode of season 1. I could already tell from that experience that this game is really good. Can't wait to finish it!"
,Recommended,284390,33636250,Posted: 18 July,all,Burnside,Breathtaking.The music blows your mind.
76561198404267984,Recommended,284390,33653555,Posted: 19 July,all,stephanie.landers,That game is truly a piece of art.*great story*suspense*great soundtracks*goosebumps
76561198048385355,Recommended,284390,33882984,Posted: 29 July,all,TerezarOmega,"A retro style, lovecraftian horror, adventure game.Yep, that's all I needed to know. SOLD!"
76561198027238416,Recommended,284390,33882258,Posted: 29 July,all,Kenny_The_Bear,"Following others that brilliantly transcribed Lovecraft's phenomenal works into video games, The Last Door is a shining independant Point'n Click gem that'll make you feel scared, uncomfortable and fascinated at the same time.Quite short (personally took 4 hours for the entire season, meaning approximately 1 hour/episode) but incredibly suspenseful thanks to the excellent story and Carlos Viola's fantastic work on the soundtrack (seriously, rarely saw such a good OST and overall sound in an indie game). Gotta say : I never♥♥♥♥♥♥myself so much in front of 20 pixels while a creepy piano tune starts playing.Conclusion : buy it. Wait maybe for sales but nonetheless, buy it."
76561198253607356,Recommended,284390,34999376,Posted: 16 September,all,Xilonen,"This game is pure amazement. The background music, the story, the atmosphere all match perfectly. I can never say no to pixels games after playing it. I will definitely play it twice to find more details, and support this series as well as I can."
,Recommended,284390,35167382,Posted: 23 September,all,dmh,"Really enjoyed the first chapter, played the game all the way through.  If you are interested, go for it, but felt if fell apart in the third chapter and dragged my way through it."
,Recommended,284390,32824337,Posted: 26 June,all,Tmark,"A creepy, lovecraftian point & click adventure game that has much to offer to the genre!Puzzles are on the easy side but the atmosphere must be one of the best i have ever experienced on a game despite the pixelated graphics.Congratulations to Game Kitchen!I wholeheartily recommend this gem of point & click adventure games genre!"
,Recommended,284390,34433271,Posted: 23 August,all,Kyo,"Great horror, mediocre point'n'click, ends halfway through (the story continues in the sequel).7/10"
,Recommended,284390,35423517,Posted: 2 October,all,Jouissance,Might be the best game I've ever played. 10/10
