user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,284460,17244568,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,༼ つ ◕◕ ༽つ Dray2k,"Basic InfosGameplay lengh: 3 - 20 Hours if you want to practice Speedrun, even more so if you want to raise to the top of the leaderbord ranking.Required skill level: Medium to Very High - Experience can vary considering the creativity of the playerThis game is for most audiences 12 years and upAbout DeadCoreDeadCore is at its core (heh) is an interesting mix of well-known genres takes a step further. Think of it as Portal, but with an emphasis on movement physics rather than focusing on spartial problem solving. Its a rather unique mix that can be best discribed as aJump and Run semi-FPS Speedrungame. Developer Team 5BitsGames tried hard to create a game that uses its game physics to create a very frantic game where shooting isn't the only important thing to do. The result is a unique mix of the two popular games Quake 2 and Portal.And in my opinion it is much better than the Portal games alone.GameplayWhile you still get to shoot flying robots and entities that are formed like Cubes, the gameplay is more about moving yourself in ways you wouldn't even think of in other games. More specifically the largest factor you have to consider before buying this game is the focus on movement and a calm and smooth aim rather then twitch reflexes. Furthermore memorizing each level, up of the entire game is essential for finding new ways to complete your quest in climbing the tower-themed world once again if you choose to play through it for another time.Or in other terms, DeadCore is the perfectlearn how to Speedrungame. From the beginning to end I never reached a part that was overly frustrating. The entire game really opens up once you see that this game wants you to Speedrun it instead of merely playing through it once.As an example, the first level, which serves as a tutorial took me about 40 minutes to finish when I played through it for the first time. The second playthrough however, after a bit of foreplanning and with the small-but-useful skills you unlock during your first playthrough, tookabout 6 minutes to complete. ALeaderbordis included so you can compare the time it took to beat any level and even the entire game with your friends or everyone else if you choose to.A Story does exist but the devs made sure that it is not rubbing you in the face. Rather then progressing with the story, you unlock bits and pieces explaining the setting by finding hidden Data Cubes through your journey, which can be accessed via a built-in journal. The Devs certainly knew that games like these focus on the gameplay. Its because of this focus on gameplay that the story itself becomes entirely a optional or even a entirely seperate factor, but it is still interesting to read through the bits and pieces you will find if you want to explore past the obvious routes. Theres also different upgrades to be found, which aren't needed if you want to beat the game, but should be gathered anyway if you try to speedrun the game. Otherwise you're up to a even greater challenge.And that uniqueness the strongest point this game can offer to you. What may seem like a 5 hour long game that can be beaten in less then 20 minutes if you put creativity and foresight into it. Not with knowing about the route you went before, but finding a better way through the game that wasn't obvious to you during the first time. This is very similar to oldschool jump and run games, or games Speedrunners already have lots of experiences with. Or in different words, DeadCore is a modern game but with an very oldschool Heart and Soul. It takes the FPS genre, completly subverts the way people usually play these games and creates something that isalmost unique.Graphics and SoundWhen it comes to the general artistic direction, this game does look very solid indeed. Mint colors and the familiar 80's Neon look define its artstyle, which is often inspired by the movie Tron and the game Tron 2.0 yet this game achieved to still have a unique soul on its own. Premodeled shapes like cubes and slopes are placed as part of this games world. Each levels has a slightly unique style which also comes with the different lightning and a truelyexcellent skyboxto create a fascinating atmosphere.While the artstyle is the most positive factor here when it comes to rating the visuals, with its corny-cyberspacy look and feel, the problem here is the quality of the models used to build the levels. Sometimes I noticed that it does look a bit cheaper than I would've anticipate by looking at the screenshots from the steamstore page. Considering how open this world is this is not a major issue but its still worth mentioning that the game isn't always this good looking.The sound, at least for me, seems to be the worst part about this game. Don't get me wrong, I love EDM as a whole but for the music in this game seemed rather generic. The minor varity of it is still a plus regardless. It also doesn't add anything important to the good atmosphere of this game. Furthermore the sound effects also don't stand out in any way but like the music, still get the job done.So while the Soundtrack and the sound effects are the worst part of the game, they're still good enough to not consider they're out of place. Its just that the game is excelling due to the phenomenal freeform-speedrun gameplay and overall great art design that anyother factor pales in comparision.VerdictWhile not perfect, its obvious that 5BitsGames really cared about making this game ""just right"" without overblowing it with features or making it too short. In terms of lengh, one playthrough is about 2 times as long as completing Portal 1. And like Portal 1 this game allows you to think outside the box without being too condecensing if you don't and as a result it becomes expecially rewarding to play it on your own device, without any guide. Seeing that you finished one level in just under an hour in your first playthrough yet only mere minutes after the second one feels extremly good.This game is a great example on the beauty of choice and out-of-the-box thinking right here.And this is something similar puzzle games like Portal 1 and even 2 could ever give to you.Recommended food while playingMentos as a occasional snack or Peppermint Tea (I recommend Earl Grey, but tastes vary) if you prefer a drink instead"
76561198093463448,Recommended,284460,12528600,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ambiguous winkyface,"The game pretty much exactly lives up to what you would expect from it. It's fast, it requires you to think quickly and act quickly but not to a level it get's really frustrating.The artwork, well you either hate it or you love it. It's very simplistic with neon like effects at the same textures over and over again. But who gives 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about that anyway, the game is beautiful in many aspects. The music fits too, which ingame is much more ambient than the trailer(really didn't like the music there so that's a good thing too♥♥♥♥♥♥dnb)).Few things you're not going to find in this game:->A good storyline. There is one, and it consists of logs to clear up your lost memory(doesn't get more original than that hur dur). They aren't awfully well written either. I just looked at them and was like 'mmwyeah lets ignore those' lol->Puzzles that require more than 2 braincells. It's just not a thinking game. Not to be confused with Portal, which has a somewhat similar style->Enemies that are actually a treat to you. lol the enemies are probably the worst thing so far. They're just ''kamikaze cubes''(it's worse than it sounds though) and they're extremely predictably placed over the map. They've got a different color than regular cubes so you can just pick them off immediately. Somewhat saddening, but I didn't really need enemies in this game anyway.Later on there're some more advanced enemies which I won't spoil. But they aren't really anything either, they're all pretty uninteresting by design(to me at least)What you can expect however is:->Some neat-o floating sky platform-world which makes as much sense as the idiot who came up with the idea of giving this game a '' storyline ''->Smooth gameplay, apart from some minor pointers like getting stuck on the edge of some cubes here and there->Clever level design->The level design actually rewards you if you decide to go for an alternative route, which there're suprisingly many of.->Some damn sweet and fitting sounds. Including the musicI mean for 40 euros this game might've been really dubious in more than 1 way. But for 10 euro, ah hell naw boii. You better get this, it's great."
,Recommended,284460,12537925,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Athravan,"This game is a giant jumping puzzle with extra lazers and robots and switches and one heck of a big tower to climb. It has good graphics, fluid and responsive movement and really well thought out level design.It requires coordination, speed, reflexes, awareness and patience, none of which I possess in good measure. Right now I'm repeatedly falling out of the sky. Please send help."
76561197998549847,Not Recommended,284460,13488985,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,hwh6k,"People keep making comparisons to Portal, so I'll just say this:This is not Portal.  This is not Portal.  This is not Portal.The entire point of the Portal series was to make games that are both challenging AND accessible to the widest possible audience.  Valve tuned the levels specifically to get as many people to drop their hard earned cash as possible.You can tell this is the case, because Portal 2 is not Portal, Only Way Harder.  Even the first game pulled its punches in how far it went with the puzzles -- they wanted players to fully understand the mechanics without being overwhelmed by them.DeadCore, on the other hand, is a game made for a very specific, very small audience: FPS speedrunners.  It is not made for anybody else.  The entire point of the game is for people who are already crazy skilled to show off how crazy skilled they are, and for everybody else to watch.Note I said ""watch"", not ""play"".  If you are not already someone who speedruns games, this one brick walls its difficulty starting around level 2.It requires very precise movements, and demands twitch reflexes to pass the puzzles.  It uses infinite respawns as an excuse to ambush the player with traps that cannot be avoided on the first playthrough.  It makes the player (and the player's hitbox) completely invisible -- you don't even have the visual feedback of casting a shadow, so good luck navigating stacks of moving laser walls in 3D space.It is a game that expects you to die over and over again, without any thought or consideration as to WHY you'd want to keep doing that.  And why should it: if you're already committed to speedrunning a game regardless of how fun it is, then why should basic game design concepts like difficulty scaling and pacing even matter?  The harder and more unfair a game is, the more you can show off.To be clear: it is totally fine to make a game that's super difficult, and aimed at the hardest of the hardcore.  But what that means in practice is that most people are going to be more entertained watching speed runs of said game, for free, on Youtube, than paying money for the experience.  I actually recommend anyone who isn't a speedrunner do exactly that, spoilers be damned.  If you're still interested, at least you'll have a fair idea of what you're getting into."
,Recommended,284460,12562287,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fidel Cashflow,"Let me start this off by saying I am in love with this game. The controls are incredibly tight and responsive, the story mode is paced very well with the diffuculty ramping up but allowing you to go back through with new techniques that will allow you to explore more areas and quicker on subsequent playthroughs.With that said there is a slight problem with the speedrunning, I am on top of the leaderboards on a lot of the zones because there is a technique that I'm sure isnt intended that allows you to pretty much circumvent how the game was meant to be played.I believe this needs to be fixed if the leaderboards are supposed to be a real competition.Pros:Tight controlsNice pacing in difficultyIncredible replay valueTimed speedrunsMultiple pathsVisually impressiveCons:Broken technique allowing gamebreaking movementSomewhat shortSome keys such as shift arent bindableThings I hope are added into the game that I believe would make this game my favorite of all time:Replay function to see other's runsFix the broken technique that allows for unintended movementCommunity level creatorMore content! (Expansions/DLC/Patches)I rate this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,284460,12605796,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Traceur,DeadcoreYou hate itYou love itYou rage quitYou play for hours on endYou struggle to beat onceYou finish your fifth time in 45 minsYou can't beat a stage in under 5 minsYou destroyed all the devolper timesYou lose an hourand anotherits 12:00 amHonestly one of my favorite games. This is the game if you are a speedrunner.
,Recommended,284460,12546525,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Vanlock - Vive so Real!,"Fast, precise, with a well balanced learning curve. The Leveldesign makes the movements exhilarating. You will rejoice when clearing several sections without a stop.DeadCore fuses the needforspeed pleasure of Trackmania, the precision and nonstop pace of golden FastFPSs, and the instinctive and quicktolearn leveldesign of Portal2.The audio/Musical layer of minimalist electro is highly dynamic : it gives the beat to your bloodcells and encourages you to keep at it when you're struggling on a section.On top of that, the technical work is flawless : it gives high framerates, a wide and adjustable FoV, and amazing visuals !Also, you can turn the game into a race and battle on the leaderboards.***********************Français :Rapide, précis, courbe d'apprentissage bien dosée ! Le leveldesign rend les mouvements jouissifs. Et on jubile quand on arrive à enchainer les sections sans s'arrêter.DeadCore combine les effets grisants de trackmania Stadium, la vitesse de mouvements ainsi que la précision des fastFPS, le level design instinctif et instructif de Portal.Et une couche audio/musicale électro minimaliste est très interactive : elle donne le rythme et encourage à insister quand on bute sur une section.Et en plus la réalisation technique est sans faute et visuellement c'est beau et impressionant ! FOV Modifiable !Si en plus vous aimez un minimum les challenge, tous les niveaux sont chronométrés et vous pourrez vous mesurer aux chronos de tous les autres joueurs."
76561198065352711,Recommended,284460,12805219,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kabitu,"Well designed all around, but horribly, horribly frustrating.I enjoyed the first few levels, but doing the same challenge 40 times because it takes millimeter-precission to complete is just not something I want to spend my time on.The game has some great potential, and shines at the moments where it forces you to act fast and improvise, but a small number of insanely hard gauntlets stops the flow of the excellent platforming dead in its tracks.Would recommend, but you need to understand what you´re buying, and like a serious challenge. Certainly not a game for everyone. Not for me, for instance."
76561198036733970,Recommended,284460,31461057,Posted: 30 April,all,Urist,"TL;DR: DarkSouls the platformer.I'll put the most important point first: THIS IS A HARDCORE PLATFORMER/ SPEED RUN GAME. IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE IDEA OF FLYING THROUGH DEATHTRAPS AT A BREAKNEAK PACE, YOU PROBABLY WON'T ENJOY THE GAME.For those of you still reading: Deadcore bases its gameplay around high speed platforming over a bottomless void. There are things that will try to push you to your death, there are things that will try to push you into laser grids, there are things that will try to flat out murder you.Your weapon is a switch gun, which can deactivate enemies and activate objects in the environment. While it is entirely possible to take this game slowly and explore (there are rewards for exploration, in the form of lore, soundtrack and upgrade unlocks) the main goal is to find the fastest way to the exit possible.To this end, all the levels have unlockable alternate paths that offer faster (and harder) routes to the finish line, giving a high degree of replayability. There is also a series of bonus challenges for when you complete the story.Basic gameplay consists of running, jumping, shooting stuff to switch it on or off (enemies, jump pads, laser grids, gravity fields etc.). All these elements are brought together smoothly, and while there isn't always a direct explanation for what every new feature does they're quickly demonstrated through level design.The art design is very thematic, and frankly somewhat bland- there isn't much variation (the main levels have general themes in terms of lighting and sense of space but no other distinguishing visual traits), but in all it helps build an air of focus to the world- this is a world designed to be viewed at very high speed, not strolled through.The sound design is somewhat mediocre; while some of the music is enjoyable, I found most tracks to be rather dull and uninspired. Atmospherically the game is very quiet, beyond the whoosh of air passing by or the sounds of enemies there isn't much in the way of ambience, although I personally liked this.Overall, this game offers a focused, challenging experience that will reward those who respect and appreciate it, and cause those that don't to write angry steam reviews about how hard it is abloo bloo bloo."
76561198119499305,Recommended,284460,13122662,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[gg] Drill Instructor,"The graphics and sound is really cool in this game, but what makes it really a good game is, that it doesn't hold your hand or shoves you along, just so that you feel good. If you beat this game, it is because of your own skill, not because the developers put in a hundred safety lines just to pull you along. You have to be very precise in your jumping and shooting otherwise you will fail. If you fail, you must try harder. As simple as that.Playing DeadCore reminds me a lot of the old times playing Quake 3 or getting all the secrets in Painkiller, just without enemies. A definite recommendation to all who like FPS style games with fast paced graphics. I'm really glad that I found this game by accident during a sale because I haven't heard about it before.10/10"
76561198125138722,Recommended,284460,20200338,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Flandalf,"Imagine someone took Portal, and put everything you hate about platformers in. And you actually liked it. That's Deadcore."
76561198027799746,Recommended,284460,16957182,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Arbs,"Don't let the speedrunning nature of the game discourage you, it can still be enjoyed even by old people with slower reflexes. Some patience and practice can give a very rewarding feeling everytime you hit the next checkpoint.The game at it's core is an obstacle course, where the main goal is travelling from point A to B through lethal traps and pitfalls.Early on the game teaches you that you can use and exploit any object in the physics-defying architecture around you, sometimes even using a trap itself to propel yourself forward. This aspect of Deadcore adds a puzzle element to the whole experience, so it's not just a twitch-based runner. Combining the puzzle aspect with the branching paths in each level the game lets you carve your own trail opting for a safer or a faster route. Even though there are no walls, no ceiling or even a floor most of the times, you can still be creative in how you progress through the labyrinthine levels, since there are multiple ways to crosss each obstacle. The player can be slow and methodical at some parts figuring out the way for himself or use timing and platforming skills at others. At first you will only be able to traverse a basic path as the developer intended, but the more tools and power-ups you unlock, the more the game itself opens up to you.Deadcore also rewards exploration and pushes the player to search for 3 different types of collectibles. First type unlocks more bits of the story helping you to understand your environment and it's purpose. Second type unlocks more music tracks, ranging from ambient to D'n'B and jungle beats. The third type opens up completely new paths in the levels, adding even more complexity and replayability.The main and only downside that comes to mind is the game's lengh. Takes about 10 hours for a slow casual player like myself to make 2 full cycles of the game and unlock the ""secret"" ending. After that point, any replayability is based on speedrunning and ranking up in the player lists, or achievement hunting if that's your thing (all of achievements easily feasible).In summary: Deadcore is a butt-clenching adrenaline fix with a unique gameplay experience, part puzzler part speed runner."
,Recommended,284460,12696004,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"If you are a platforming genius DeadCore will be your ultimate challenge as the difficulty is raking the highest tops. It might even be so hard that certain players will simply drop off, but if you are not afraid of insanely complicated puzzles you have to give this a try.A lot of skill, fast reflexes and quick maneuvering are keys to solve the riddle throughout its 5 levels. If it just had a few more checkpoints so it wasn't unbearably punishing then it would have been a 9 or 10, but I feel that it solidly earns a well deserved 8/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHt8738qqp4"
,Not Recommended,284460,13869458,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"DeadCore pulls absolutely no punches in being exactly what it wants to be.A first person, speedrunning focused sci-fi platformer, it's unabashedly everything it proclaims itself to be and doesn't give a damn if you can keep up with the absurdly high performance requirements placed upon the player. So I guess it's fair to say it accomplished its goals, that it became the game it was designed to be, but for all it's gorgeous particle effects and impress sense of speed it's so obsessed with being this monumental hurdle to overcome that it neglects to ever give you a reason towantto.There's no difficultly curve in DeadCore, just you and a brick wall of unintuitive level designs, agonizingly spaced out checkpoints, stiff controls, and everything that's ever been a problem with first-person platformers. Its perspective is likely it's largest oversight, as it makes it extremely hard to accurately jump onto minuscule platforms when you can't see where you're landing, and having to constantly look down to counteract this obscures the omnipresent series of instant death obstacles you have to simultaneously dodge.I never felt in control playing DeadCore. Every jump was a gamble, a roll of the dice deciding whether I miraculously made it through or would be sent back usually not knowing why I died, or feeling like I was being punished for things I had no chance of avoiding. It's overwhelming and constantly punishing, to the point the idea that I would return to try and better my times was almost laughably ridiculous.For as constantly as it reminds and urges you to make your own path, progression in DeadCore is unrelentingly strict. Any diverging paths usually boiled down to an occasional fork in the road or making an impossible jump that might have saved me a few seconds, but I was always trapped in this impenetrable obstacle course. Level designs are obtuse and at times forced me to do things that felt like I was breaking the game because there was no other discernible way through. The purity of its mechanics is then lost as I unsuccessfully tried to perform the tasks set before me as the game continued to tell me I was either doing it wrong, or not doing it well enough.When I finally made it to the top of the tower I'd been ascending throughout the game, my sigh wasn't one of satisfaction that I'd finally managed to overcome the seemingly impossible obstacles that stood in my way, but one of relief that I'd never have to go through them again. I have no doubts that there are people DeadCore will simply click with, who would tell me I'm just bad at it and if I would only give it more of a chance I'd begin to enjoy it. Be that as it may, completing DeadCore just once was such an unbelievably stressful and frustrating experience that I can't imagine willingly taking on that task again, and would feel sick with myself if I recommended anyone else do so anyway.You can read more of my reviews onKritiqal."
,Recommended,284460,13497412,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FridgeSeal,"I cannot reccommend this game enough, don't let this slip under your radar!It's punishingly difficult at times, with absoltuely zero hand-holding or easing-into-difficulty, but it's also amazingly engaging and fun: you never feel overwhelmed, or as if things are just pointlessly/needlessly difficult and rage inducing. Instead the controls are tight, the game runs super well, all the challenges, while often tough have that magic element of fun that makes you grin ear-to-ear, flex your hands again and dive right back in to see if you can *just get that timing right*, or maybe even try a new path or tactic.The music is also great-great by itself, and the perfect complement to the artstyle of the game.The story, super mysterious (so far) is intriguing and engaging.Downsides:My hands hurtI'm going to be tired tomorrow due to staying up all night playing this.[\list]10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,284460,14169456,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dances With Wombats,"So, Deadcore kind of appealed to me because it seemed like a fun puzzler in the style of thePortalseries, it looked very futuristic/cyber and the overall graphics were very appealing. Additionally there's this whole mystery with ""What's on the summit of the construct?!"" -- these thingies always totally suck me in.It's really a game that lets you jump around a lot with a very interesting mix of jump'n'run finger agility  tasks and at the same time some nice puzzle elements. You get a few different abilities to play with(double jump, air dash, and the switch gun with two shooting modes, essentially)and you progress only via checkpoints after a big puzzle or a small set of shorter sequences. There isn' a lot of story or anything that would immerse you deeply. You can find some logs on the way to uncover a few flavor texts adding to the experience but in the end it's always about getting up and wondering what's up there. Besides the hidden logs you can find a few upgrades for your abilities(more ammo between checkpoints, higher juming, faster dash recharge, etc.)and some music tracks.For me, as someone who can be an aweful jump-precision dyslexic, the game took almost five hours in total for one playthrough with not nearly all upgrades and logs. Later playthroughs will be faster since you already got a bunch of upgrades and more experience. Also, once found, you will keep all your abilities even if you replay some levels which opens up new pathways to progress. Other than that there's not a whole lot of replay value unless you want to do speed runs and fight for a spot on the leaderboards.The YummiesGreat price for the amount of hours you play itGood graphical presentationGood level designNice ambient soundsCool enemy typesBasically no bugs encountered aside from maybe two avoidable issues at certain pointsThe option menue allows you to set the depth of field value so you can kind of regulate the felt pace/speed for yourselfThe level design is cool and futuristic. It's super open and you can always see past levels below you which gives the game sometimes a continuing fun-house experience (interestingly enough my fear of heights never kicked in while looking down). The sound blends in nicely into the graphics and the setting overall. You don't have super loud stepping sounds, all rocket jumps from platforms basically blend into the surrounding ambient humming and there's nothing that will really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. The only sounds that stand out are the different kinds of drones that will be in your way; they all have very distinct sounds that will make you go 'uh-oh' by the end of the game.Speaking of the drones: What I like about them is that there's only a single kind of drone that can actually kill you in the end. All the other kinds of drones are just there to poke you and♥♥♥♥♥♥you off: One lets you see your perception of some colours so you won't see deadly laser barriers anymore, one just bumps into you and shoots you off a cliff, etc. They are highly annoying but you usually get a chance to safe yourself if you react fast enough.The level design is mostly very good and there are enough ways to build a huge amount of interesting tasks with varying degree of puzzle factor and agility requirements. In a lot of cases you get to choose a super fast reaction route that can be very unforgiving or a path that makes you train a certain rhythm of actions to reach your goal. But most of all levels focus very much on a certain kind of agility training, so there is not a lot of real puzzles left (although I still had to stop and think at times on how the devs thought this will be possible to do at all).The BummersNo controller supportIt can definitely make yourage-quita couple of timesBackground music ruins the cool ambience sometimes (unless you love drum&bass I guess)Very bland story/additional information about the whole constructSome tasks/puzzles are not clearly laid outSometimes the checkpoints are just put at stupid spots on the mapI was a bit disappointed by the lack of background music. Most of the time you don't hear a lot (which might've been a good sign because the music blends in but in the end it was just nothing noteworthy there to listen to) and when you hear it you want more than just the two minutes of it. Also, the music is kind of hit and miss. Given that I totally despise most of drum & bass I still found some very nice parts in some songs in the game but a lot of times I was kind of bored or annoyed.The other thing is how hugely disappointing the mystery of the summit is. I mean, there could've been something but in the endyou reach the thing, jump into a white hole and then it's over. There is no explanation whatsoever aside from a cutscene that basically just shows the whole construct moving a bit and then it fades out.The logs are just so horribly written that I didn't bother to read most of them really carefully since it was either some weird monologue about some of the tasks you are going through (and some of the drones/abilites) or a dialogue that mostly just talks some sensei-stuff that is utterly boring.Finally, there is this wholerage-quittingthing a lot of people are complaining about and I kind of get it. It can be super annoying when the drone you just disabled wakes up just half a second to early or you fall down from that one doulbe-jump 'n dash sequence for the tenth time. Also, at some parts it's completely unclear how you should be progressing there without going for some healthyhead-to-desk-repeataction. Also, sometimes checkpoints are coming in at a ridiculously high frequency where you just think ""where was the problem here, I was just walking in a straight line?"" At other times you will find yourself playing for 2-3 minutes going through an insane adrenaline rush inducing sequence that's really hard (and can let you die a couple of times) and then you respawn back at the beginnig. Some better ordering of the checkpoints might've helped here.The VerdictThe main problem with most people playing the game is probably that they think you can play it like aPortalgame. WhatDeadCoreactually is is a side-scrolling jump and run that is played from a first-person perspective. For about 50% of the game I didn't know that myself and was at times♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about how some sequences are laid out. But in the end I understood that it's not about puzzles and thinking, it's very often just about running into something and figuring out the rhythm. Then you will get adrenaline rushing in your blood and after a longer sequence you land on a checkpoint, turn around, look at what you just crossed and think ""Wow, how did that happen, exactly?""Those are a lot of moments where the game shines and is super fun. At the other hand some sequences are so hard to manage or way too long that it makes you freak out and punch something Borderlands-Brick-style. But those are not most moments. It's a game with a high sense of urgency that is very real once you find a bunch of timers running inside your head on when to jump next. It's fast and keeps up a nice pace with only few moments to catch a breath. Oddly enough I found it very relaxing to play after work because of all those immense jumps, combined with the your abilities which give you a real nice sense of free movement in three dimensions.All in all, if you're not sure about the wholerage-quittingthing wait for an 50% off or more offer but if you're into annoying jump'n'runs /and/ Portal, go for it and buy it."
,Recommended,284460,12637604,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dum,"Probably one of my top five games released in 2014. It's a shame practically nobody knows about it, it's super fun. So fun that I actually went out of my way to review it because I feel like it deserves more attention.To sum up the game, I would say it is a speedrunning fast paced game based around mobility. If you played Dishonored and liked the blink mechanic, you'll love this.The aesthetics, graphics, atmosphere, and soundtrack are all fantastic. The gameplay is super fast paced, but the overall pacing of the game is good. It introduces new mechanics at a good pace and doesn't overload you with information. Then, it tests you on it all.There's a great feeling when you manage to pull off something crazy such as pulling off a crazy stunt that you think that the developers probably didn't realize you could do. But the thing is, the developers did know probably. The map design is phenomenal. Because the game takes entirely in the sky, every single thing placed is deliberate and every jump calculated. So, when you pull off that crazy jump, you know at the back of your mind that you beat the developer's challenge that you didn't even know they were challenging you to.Deadcore is one of the few games that I've actually wanted to go back and replay. Because you unlock new mechanics and powerups, going back and replaying levels to see new areas that you can reach and collecting ""sparks"" (which reveal new parts of the level) is super satisfying. Beating a level five times faster than you did originally is a great experience that really shows off how much you've progressed, through mastering mechanics and unlocking the new ones.Also, if you're looking for a good story, this game doesn't really deliver I think. The story is entirely given through text files which you can collect. I haven't really read them, so it's possible they're really good. However, I like to leave it up to my imagination to come up with an explanation for the game and I feel like reading the logs might ruin it a bit. I might be completely wrong, but just be aware that this is not really a story driven gamemode. Your goal is to get to the top, not to save the universe.This game is almost flawless, but it is important to point out the flaws.For one, even thoughalmosteverything in the level design is deliberate, I did manage to find a few things that I clearly was supposed to come back to later. For one, at the beginning of a certain level if you are observant enough you can find an alternate route. Getting to this route would normally require a powerup that you would unlock if you went the normal route, but you can use some of the nearby launchers to get there. Maybe this was intentional, maybe not. I did this in my first playthrough, and I was able to beat it without the pretty important powerup, as you don't actually need it for the alternate path or the rest of the game. When I finished the game and realized what had happened, I felt kind of punished for being resourceful and observant.Secondly, similarly to the first, there was one point in the game where you could get to a ""spark"" (which, once again, unlocks new sections of the game which require mechanics you unlock later on) by playing around with the environment a bit. Once I got to the spark, I realized that I clearly was not supposed to be there since it was impossible for me to progress without the mechanic I hadn't unlocked. This one is a bit more forgivable since I had to go out of my way to get there and I felt like something was wrong.Thirdly, one of the last enemies you encounter in the game feels really cheap and unpredictable and can really screw you up. For a game based around perfection and speedrunning, getting killed in a nearly unavoidable way is pretty annoying. Definitely the only parts of the game that I really disliked the design of and felt like it was more artificial difficulty than challenging.Finally, there are some small bugs with the instadeath lasers and gravity fields. Sometimes they don't work, sometimes they're unclear, sometimes they don't reset properly. It's extremely rare when it does glitch out and typically it only glitches out at specific parts of the game, but if they get you killed when you're hauling through the level as fast as you can, it can be frustrating dying for no reason.Anyways, if I had to give this game a rating I would probably give it a 9.5/10. It's almost completely flawless and easily worth the $10. One of the most fun games I've had. Provides a solid challenge while being fair almost the entire time, in a way similar to Dark Souls almost."
76561198043272789,Recommended,284460,18652105,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Concequence,"This game is brutal. You will find yourself dying hundreds of times doing a single set of jumps. The patterns are absolutely unforgiving to the extreme. You have to be perfect to get through the challenges. To get the best ending you'll have to play through several times. Things get easier once you get the hang of the game, but it takes a while, and its really tough. Ill recommend it, but be prepared to curse at the screen a lot."
,Recommended,284460,17083341,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Deep State Pizzagate Caliphate,"Really solid, man. Love the game. Perhaps not super colorblind friendly since I could nEVER SEE THE ♥♥♥♥ING GODDAMN FORCEFIELDS I WAS SUPPOSED TO DODGE"
,Recommended,284460,33193786,Posted: 3 July,all,mattkitt28,"This is not your typical parkour game. The whole game is basically one giant level, with lots of checkpoints of course. Even near the top of the tower you can still see the bottom where you started. It's also amazing how they threw some story in there, giving you something to look for. It's also funny how this game gets harder as you go along, but I've returned to early levels and they're still pretty hard. That's probably just me being a scrub though.Graphics: 10/10Like I said it's pretty cool how the while game is one level, and if your computer is powerful enough you'll see that the textures are very detailed.Story: 7.5/10 (10/10 compared to other parlour games)While the game isn't very story driven, it's a nice touch to an otherwise mysteriously unexplained game.Difficulty: 9.5/10This game might be easy for some, but I've had my good amount of frustration and joy of finally getting it right.Overall: 9.75/10DeadCore is an above average parkour game, and if you're new to parkour games, DeadCore is a good place to start."
76561197992405348,Recommended,284460,12590923,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Brothgar,"Fun, Challenging, but they should have named it RageCore"
,Recommended,284460,12531770,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,MutantPotato,"Visually fantastic, extremely fun. Plays a bit like portal, use your gun to turn things on and off, or change gravity in specific spots to allow you to climb the tower. Can be frustrating at some points. THe gravity sections are kinda disorienting and can get annoying if you have a time limit."
,Not Recommended,284460,17920721,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Reeze The Vampire,"I really wanted to give this game a good review, and recommend it, but I can't. The gameplay really dragged on with the only change as you progressed being the frustration of the obstacles. For about two hours I had a lot of fun with the fast gameplay and the gorgeous graphics. However, that is really the only good thing I can say. Th difficulty curve was harsh and unforgiving. About and hour and a half in I hit a point where it became more frustrating then fun. The enemies don't make it harder or more interesting, just more annoying. the story is only told through logs, and I think if it was presented through a driven in-game story the game could have benefitted. The game also feels like it drags on. after two hours I would look up and feel like I was only a quarter of the way up the tower, which was really disheartening. Do I really want to keep doing this same thing for the next 5-7 hours? The answer was no. So I stopped playing."
,Recommended,284460,12980103,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ramlessness,"I'm guilty of searching for 'like Portal' games, but that's how I came to find Deadcore... an epic indie fps puzzle platformer. The visuals are what first got my attention. The game is beautiful and often you'll just stop and look around to take in the scene. However, after playing through the story, that's when I really saw how good this game is. It's challenging (as what most puzzle games should be), has really smooth gameplay, amazing level design, and overall just damn fun to play. You wouldn't think that Deadcore is an indie game which makes it well worth the purchase (which, considering, is very cheap)."
,Recommended,284460,13152937,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arachin,"This first-person platformer is perfectly executed, smooth as hell and gorgeous to boot. The levels are colossal, even putting DarkSouls to shame, but within a short period you'll be dashing and bouncing your way around making short work of sections that at first proved challenging.One of the best things about Deadcore is something it doesn't do... It doesn't restrict you. If you want to, and have the skills to jump around a puzzle or laser grid instead of through it, that's fine. If you fancy going off-piste and climbing up that decorative curved roof to reach the next area early: Be our guest!I'd go into details about the abilities and upgrades and stuff, but suffice to say it's a nice simple system that gives good replay value without feeling cheap (it's even worked into the lore).There's story here but it's Braid-esque, take it or leave it. It's not bad, just not really that important. Gameplay is what makes Deadcore shine.Considering the dev team can be counted on one hand, this is a masterpiece.[8.7]"
,Recommended,284460,16555109,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BlaXpirit,"Amazing 3D platformer. Traverse the beautiful world using double jump and horizontal dash. Toggle objects in the world with your gun. Avoid various obstacles and annoying enemies.The game is difficult but not too difficult. Has frequent checkpoints.It takes ~4 hours for the first playthrough to just reach the finish. But that's far from everything the game has to offer.The exploration is really enjoyable. Each level is huge, and when you play them for the 2nd time you are able to find whole new branches with higher difficulty. There are also collectibles that are a challenge to hunt down.And of course, there is the whole speedrun mode, for those who are into this.Includes a lot of nice soundtrack.★★★★★★★★★☆"
,Recommended,284460,12560440,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Shindar,"Deadcore is pretty cool. It has good graphics, good control, and it gives your brain a headache. This game is just a bunch of puzzles put into one while you have a timer going on. I enjoy it a lot because I love these types of games. Not only that, but I find it relaxing to just sit down and play a game alone that involves you going through a world that looks like Tron. I would say if you enjoy games like Portal then get this."
,Recommended,284460,27349950,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Epikas Jones,"One of the most challenging, well made, and fun puzzle/parkor games I've ever played. On top of being surreal I was entertained for weeks, maybe even a few months (which is a lot for a single player based game) there are even moments that will get your adrenaline going as a competitive FPS would. if you're a gamer, and you love fast paced games that will put you on the edge of your seat then I highly recommend DeadCore to anyone, it does not disappoint."
,Recommended,284460,12533300,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,perochialjoe,"Great movement, good control, actually made for speedrunning (there's even a timer on your gun) and the music is pretty good too. Not only that, but it's cheap. The level design lets you flow through it quickly if you know what you're doing and makes it very easy to control yourself. This is everything I love in a game."
,Recommended,284460,12589866,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,serz,"One word for this game,Amazing.This will appeal very strongly to css/cs/kz players who has been playing climb & bhop, it feels very similar to those aspects as well as portal 1/2. The levels so far are a lot of fun, movements and in air abilities/the gun feels very smooth and mixes together well. The difficulty is rising each level and new abilities are being introduced at a decent pace.I havent finished the story part yet so I can't say much for the speedrun game mode but if it incorperates the trackmania leaderboards and keeps it clean of cheaters then this is gonna be a huge sucess!And it's cheap too. F**k me."
,Recommended,284460,13257362,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,STaRGaZeR,"Beautiful, short, stressful, ragequit inducer platformer. I love it."
,Recommended,284460,32416592,Posted: 14 June,all,Youka,"if rating: 10/10 is the best game in the world.I rate ""Deadcore"" 100/10 for masochism , thanks.Try hard this game , enjoy the ""Dead""coreAdd to cart. No doubt. It worths $9.99"
,Recommended,284460,12747004,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Flence242,"Imagine a maso-core version of Portal, only with Tron-inspired visuals. As mentioned in other reviews, the game rewards speed-running (in fact, there's a timerright thereon your gun). However, each level has its fair share of collectibles -- text logs to fill in the backstory, songs for the soundtrack, etc. -- to reward players willing to experiment and leave the obvious path.DeadCore isn't very long, but I assure you that you'll get your $10 worth of entertainment out of it."
76561198079609585,Recommended,284460,13140841,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ｆ  Ａ  Ｔ,RageQuit simulator 2015
,Recommended,284460,12602896,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,BurritoBazooka,"Mildly challenging and very fun to play.On the art: the graphics seem impressive on the surface, but if you look closely (as others have said) there's a high amount of texture reuse. The clouds are also 2D projections which follow the player's gaze. But none of this actually affects gameplay, besides ruining immersion a bit. I think the sound design is awesome, though, and overall I think this game takes many inspirations from Portal 2's style. (edit: I feel as if later in the game, the developers stopped striving for a 'wow effect', which is okay, I guess. There's only so much 'newness' to go around. I noticed when I went back to the first level from the third.)On the gameplay: I like it. Platformers have classically been the prerogative of 2D or 2.5D. It's very nice to see a 3D platformer, and intriguing to see how unconventional and innovative platformer mechanics have been shown in this game. Another thing I like is the freedom for the player to explore each ""level"" and choose their own path, seamlessly (through that level, not through different levels in the cycle), apart from areas where the player cannot go ""back down""."
,Recommended,284460,12768121,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Stumps,"This game handles smooth like butter on a crumpet. Everything just feels right, the flow is spot on and that instant retry mechanic coupled with a game that is more difficult than it is unfair sets a challenge that just keeps you going (akin to the likes of portal and electronic super joy). An absolute gem and completely under the rader so don't miss on this, one of the first games I've played through to the end in a while as most games just don't keep me hooked.More Core please!"
76561198017567874,Recommended,284460,21956590,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Decoyed,Fun and challenging without being unfair.  Levels are well designed.  Graphics are above average and the great soundtrack fits perfectly.  If you like first-person platforming puzzle games with some twitch gameplay sprinkled throughout you'll like this game.
76561198338085813,Recommended,284460,34966997,Posted: 15 September,all,Clay Moore,Very fun platformer and shooter (no gore). Easy to learn yet increases difficulty steadily.
,Recommended,284460,19708759,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mahorias,"Just like Portal, but with more skill shot and skill jump. Amazing game, especially for speedrunner ! Totally worth it"
,Recommended,284460,12571455,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"I've played this game for around an hour so far, usually i'd play a hell of a lot more before i submitted a review but honestly i feel an hour is a sufficient amount of time.First off, what is this game? DeadCore is an exploration, reflex, puzzle, first person platformer (good lord that's a mouthful) with a heavy emphasis on speed and timing. Visually it looks good, while it's not pushing the boundaries of graphics for the future, it still looks beautiful for what it is.Gameplay wise it's a giant navigation puzzle and a fast one at that, your objective is to climb the tower, at first it's pretty basic until they introduce you to the switch gun, the switch gun allows you to turn switches on and off, it sounds pretty simple and it is at first but, usually consisting of ""open this door"" or ""Turn on this jump pad"" but it starts to get pretty complicated and reflex based pretty fast with turning off fans to prevent you from getting sucked off of the map while you're jumping to a platform that requires you to turn off one jump pad, turn on another and then turn off the turret shooting you..all while moving fast.Thankfully the controls are hyper responsive, i have not had a single instance where i've needed to use the switch gun, jump and move and not being quick enough due to unresponsiveness, all controls react in an instant and in a game like this that's paramount.In story mode you are able to take your time if you wish, though the switch gun has a timer built in to it so you can keep track of your time if you want to, the real heart of the game lies within it's speedrun mode, this is clearly a game built for speedrun fans and it shows.It's a really fun game and for the price it's well worth the purchase, i'd even go as far to say that i would of happily paid a little more for it, If you're a puzzle fan, you'll love this game, if you're a platform fan, you'll love this game and of course if you're a speedrun fan, you'll feel right at home.I highly recomend you check this game out.EDIT: Now over 10 hours in and i'm still loving it, even more so than i did when i wrote this review."
,Recommended,284460,33230020,Posted: 4 July,all,Turahk,"The game is a little over 2 hours(the first time through) and it's difficulty isn't set in stone, there is always something you can do to make an obstacle easier, for example you can try to make short dashes through a tunnel in rapid succesion, with every dash needing to be perfect or take about 5 times as long and use a long dash that requires little precision and is very safe. Of course, you won't really care the first time thru, but the real point of the game is to go back, gather collectibles, learn about the Tower and keep beating your last time record."
76561198055639700,Recommended,284460,32344700,Posted: 11 June,all,XenoCrasy,"A game of pleasure if you like envirorments and technical concepts like the scriptures at the top of the tower (at the end of the game). But it is also a competitive speedrunning game for those ones  which want to climb the ranking.For the achievements' fun, like me, this game is very feasible. I guess in the average a normal player can complete 100% the achievements game around the 40-45 hours of playing, if you become addicted, even before.Have Fun!"
,Recommended,284460,21439654,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,retroawesome,I love this game.Visuals were great.Levels were SO HARDAdds some spice to the game with different game mechanisms.9/10
,Recommended,284460,33868940,Posted: 28 July,all,Varg,"Pros+ Good graphics+ Good music+ Good controls+ Challenging+ Good replayabilityCons- Can be frustrating at times (enemies don't respawn on death, can spawn kill you, Annoying in late game.)"
76561197997341040,Recommended,284460,12531826,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Pickle,"Wow, great game!  While the early puzzles are fairly easy, the difficulty gradually ramps up and within a few levels a lot of the game elements begin to combine into puzzles that are genuinly difficult to consistently pass.  'Consistently' being the operative word, as you die a LOT (or at least I did)  and so therefore have a lot of chances to perfect your technique.  Happily though the respawn points are liberally placed and there's no limit to your number of tries, so no worries.Graphics looks great on a high end-machine with 4K monitor and is very smooth.  Love looking down at all of the levels that you've done and up at the one's you're still to do.  Thought the music is pretty good, although some of the sound effects get a bit repetative after you've heard them for the hundredth time.Really fun and inventive and, in my oppinion, by far the best puzzle game since the portal series and better in many ways.  Great work."
76561198132915888,Recommended,284460,17211384,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,♥Pink Ravens♥,First level: Hey I might be able to get into this precision platforming genreSecond level: NOPE
,Recommended,284460,26285051,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,expunge128,"Actual play time is more like 15 hours (offline mode). At first the game seamed gimicky and shallow. But after completeing the game, a slow sensation of magnanimus gratitude overcame me.This is a near perfect experience. After getting a handle of the controls steep lerning curve, flying through the levels on speed runs is just exhilarating; the game play is really somthing special.The story mode is such a wonderful experience, with a superbe soundtrack and artistic direction that really brings you in to this slick and vivid atmosphere of a world.Some track elements can seam a bit contrived, yet the game encourages you to explore and find nice collectables and upgrades. Hence the exploration, some track elemnts can be completly undermind letting you take control of the world; making for a very personal experience.I was very luck to get the game on sale, and would have definatly got the game full price if I had know it would be so good!"
,Recommended,284460,12751961,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BarkingDoggy,"10/10 An awesome 3D platformer that is kind of like Portal.  Soon after you start the game, you acquire a gun that helps you open doors, change gravity, and disable enemies.  It is very fun and has outstanding graphics."
,Recommended,284460,24228474,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hambirgurs,"Fast paced runner parkour awesome fun, fustrating at times (never too long)FPS in loading screens is higher than FPS in-game lol"
76561198043014634,Recommended,284460,12827974,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RHF,"Great game, controls are good, challenge is there, replayability is good with the speedrun and alternatives paths, you feel really free in the game no hand holding no forced path to take, no cutscene.If you like plateformers, defrag, rocket jump.... you will like this game. only downside is his lenght, first playtrough about 3 hours."
76561198044236667,Recommended,284460,12635543,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ZappyG,"This game is really interesting. It's a mix of Portal, Mirrors Edge with a hint of speedrunning. The graphics are incrediable, framrate is smooth. I haven't found any problems with gameplay so far. The game gets really intense later on, but it's still enjoyable."
76561198059530452,Recommended,284460,12883567,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,COREcraftX,"the formula for a good game.1.Make an original game concept2.Give the player a new experience that they can't do in real life3.enjoyable for all ages and player typesand while I play this game I look at that formulaand think "" never seen it before, have never seen a huge♥♥♥♥♥tower in real life,and the major reason, if this games current level of difficulty was what easyis, I think I would be outside right now.""that's all I have to say just the ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty is a rancid mess with blackgrimy paste all over covering the beautiful gem that is the game concept.But don't get me wrong I still love the game, its a good looking game with anepic and fresh idea, its just it when a player starts to get good at it, the gamepractically kicks over you sense of accomplishment and smothers you under thechloroform pillow that is its flaws.but its a good challenge for casual players who just need something to pass thetime and not pass for a safe blood pressure."
76561197993486614,Recommended,284460,23736052,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mike Hawk,"Superb game. Inventive, very enjoyable. Very cool concepts."
,Recommended,284460,30662320,Posted: 21 March,all,Night™,"Just played a few hours of the story. But I can tell you it is an addicting platformer which brings you into an amazing technology developed world. It is easy at first, but the difficulty ramps up and before you know it, you are trying to beat a stage for an hour. It's a good game which test your skill and patience. It is simple and yet beautiful. Definitely worth a try."
76561198111281989,Recommended,284460,22313401,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,'Broken' Dark,"Its like a mix of Mirror's edge and portal. and its quite interesting really. My problem with it is that im terrible at platformers and speedrunning games, and this is both. It will take a while to master it, but once you do, you can probably speed run it like a champ. Disregarding that, its still incredibly pretty and fun to play."
76561197988088811,Recommended,284460,31088541,Posted: 11 April,all,Pillklaus,"A combination shooter, puzzle game, and platforming nightmare. Insanely well designed."
76561198081433547,Recommended,284460,34829030,Posted: 8 September,all,Seti,"Cool Game, Fun maze runner. Sort of a short story, But Definitly enjoyed playing. I would love to play more games like this one."
76561198084864001,Recommended,284460,13350039,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,"Calvin ""SteelBeetle""","This game is a platforming FPS game. It does share a similarity with Portal but the genre they're both in is as far as the similarities go. DeadCore is vastly different from Portal. Rather than use...well...portals to get around and solve puzzles, you jump around, run, dash, and shoot switches to progress.This is a very difficult game. It requires a lot of precise movement to get through the various hazards placed throughout the 5 levels. There's also the added challenge of it being in first-person, which means you can't entirely see your surroundings, but that's not a huge issue. DeadCore is also a fairly fast paced platformer, you don't have much time to react to hazards and other obstacles which gives even more challenge.There's also various collectables hidden throughout the game. Music, hidden pathways, upgrades, and even lore. The lore isn't really anything special, but hey, it's there so might as well look at it once.The only real problem I have is, because it's in first person, you don't have a good idea of what your hitbox is. This is a problem because later parts of the game require you to go through very narrow pathways, and since you can't see what your hitbox is, expect a lot of deaths. You also can't see any incoming hazards easily, though it's less of an issue.DeadCore is a good game. It's short, but because of how the game works, there's some nice replayability and some potential for some cool speedrunning tactics. I give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,284460,33173706,Posted: 3 July,all,Kotori,Are you thinking with Switches?
,Recommended,284460,12617862,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Genome,"Good* Looks great, impressive that this was made with Unity.* Gameplay has multiple mechanics rather than just jumping.* Lots of checkpoints, never far from where you die.* Small dev team (5 people) are highly active on the game forum.* Fairly priced.Bad* No antialiasing option ingame and forcing MSAA through drivers doesn't do anything. Since the aesthetic is almost all straight lines, jaggies are quite noticeable.* Really obvious microstutter regardless of frame rate. Even at a constant 120 fps, it looks like 40 fps. Others have mentioned this in the forum - devs are looking into it.* Some of the gameplay mechanics. For example, many times you will have to 'dash' between horizontal laser beams. Since it's first person and you can't see your character model, there's a lot of guessing at first to know whether your character's hitbox will hit the lasers or not. The gravity shifting mechanic in the second half of the game can also be very disorienting as it constantly shifts your camera automatically. Not a fan of the perspective changes in a fast-paced first person game."
,Recommended,284460,23887019,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,I wanted Chocolate Ice-Cream,"Cool game and ideas! (overall I enjoyed the game - great deal when on  sale)However, the lack of direction in the game is very frustrating. At the later levels, I rage quit, I could not work out where to go in this pseudo open world maps."
,Recommended,284460,30420352,Posted: 9 March,all,Chive,Fantastic game. Really needs more publicity.
,Recommended,284460,16346677,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,spevp,"Feels like CS surfing/bhopping with enviromental manipulation.I surf a lot, mainly in csgo. To be a better surfer, a base level understanding of map layout and player movement is essential to finishing with decent times. This same challenge applies to deadcore.I see a lot of comparisons to portal here in the reviews.Specific sounds are played at different times (like when you launch off of an air lift) similar to Portal 2, but use of a portal gun (thinking with portals) has no comparison in deadcore, to me.Deadcore is about movement, memorization and effectiveness. notpuzzle solving, exploration, and story.Deadcore allows for the player to decide their path based on their implementation of the dash, jump, and rocket jump. The gun is used to open doors, stun enemies, and rocket jump (for advanced players). I've been rewarded by this game's challenge, and I have enjoyed the upgradability and stortytelling from finding collectables."
76561197982390945,Recommended,284460,12691188,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ROOSKI,"Good game. Highly addictive, though extremely tense and challenging. I would easily recommend this game to every Portal and DeFrag fan."
76561198075017034,Recommended,284460,12794548,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,pam,"At one point I almost gave up.. this is tough! But it dragged me back, it's a challenge. Love the look of the game, well future.BTW Watch out you don't fall onto a previous level and walk thru a respawn point - you will lose your progress!!"
,Recommended,284460,13514797,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"super sci fi first person puzzler, platformer but as you progress levels get stupidly difficult to a point you are ready to quit..."
,Recommended,284460,13458970,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cosmogone,Complicated platforming with great control and speed.
,Recommended,284460,31342008,Posted: 24 April,all,Sanders,An excellent movement based game. The pace is not frenetic like most movement games. There are many paths available to you as you ascent and many bonus areas to unlock.
,Recommended,284460,12532017,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,lilmonix3,"DeadCore is a really satisfying platforming FPS with a healthy dose of on-the-fly thinking and breathtaking graphics. The best part is that the game actually does look and play as great as the trailers imply.What's even more impressive that this was made by a team of 5 people rather than being a high-budget AAA title with a massive team working on it. As you can see from the screenshots, the graphics arestunning, and the sound and music both accompany the game's atmosphere and theme exceptionally well. Not only is there a story mode where you venture to the peak of the massive tower, but there are several hidden items to find that unlock things like bits of the backstory and more music to listen to. There's even a speedrun mode for the highscore chasers.I was surprised by the game's price, too; for $11, it's a pretty great purchase."
,Recommended,284460,27277584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Killiox,"Deadcore is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the Defrag mod for Quake 3 Arena, a basejumping simulator, Mirror's Edge and...eeer...Quake 3 gameplay. What you need to understand is that the only thing between the start of a map and a world record is you and how bad you want it.This is where you need to go fast, think fast, and die to do a better try."
76561197993348009,Recommended,284460,27382840,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,*QC*XenWarrior*QC*,"This is one of the greatest first person plateformer I have ever played. This game is responsive, it's sharp, it has an amazing soundtrack, beautiful graphiques, awesome level design and is worth every second of your time that you'll put in it.This game was made to be played by speedrunners. There are multiple pathways, there is a ton of movement freedom and you can quick reset in a blink of an eye. My PB for a Glitchless NG+ is 19:27.12 and I am now aiming to try and do it in 15 minutes.This game is gets my ""Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!"" nomination award and it's well deserved."
76561197962864661,Recommended,284460,26918017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Walzi,Great visually pleasing first person platformer with right amount of challenge.
,Recommended,284460,14427010,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"It's nails-hard in places, you might get a bit lost at times and it has no story to speak-of but the controls are so absolutely BANG ON that EVERY mistake will be your own and for that, I can only recommend it highly... ;0"
76561198171146837,Recommended,284460,24817927,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,evawdnuoScimotA,"Deadcore is a game which is set in a metallic world with many hazards and surrounded by fog, and the music goes well with this atmosphere.The gameplay is hard, you will fail many times but this is not bad because it feels rewarding to finally pass a level, and with more powerups you can go back to a level and get more items like logs, tracks.So don't be put off by people saying it is too hard, they are challenges to overcome using speed, skill and patience.So this is definitely worth a try, although it is not a casual play game much so if that is what you like then this may not be for you, if you like the speed, skill side of it, then do it."
,Recommended,284460,16647508,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Empirestate96,A great puzzle game that should not be compared with the Portal series. There is no similarity between the two besides jump pads. That's basically it. Anyways it's a great game that gets you thinking and rushing to survive and reach the goal!9/10
,Recommended,284460,18127468,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,Very neat first-person platforming game with some light puzzle solving and an intruiging story. Some of the sections can get brutally hard near the end of the game but overall I'd recommend playing this.
76561198072883306,Recommended,284460,25971774,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Benesato,"The negative reviews are what made me buy this game, that and it being on sale for $2.50. Shifting through the negitives I normally find real dirt on the failures of whatever developer constructed the monstrosity I am pondering of purchasing. Once I noticed this game had 2 repeating issues from the thumbs down crowd.One is this game is not Portal, nor Portal 2. Well, no s$$$, it's called DeadCore. I am under the impression that the connection some find is the puzzles and minor Parkour. Maybe it's the fun one finds when after you faceplant into a loop of epic failures and the that one time you get it right and move past? Who knows, as it's someones personal connection.The second ""complaint"" about this game is the QQ. I mean the real QQ, raw and uncut, 100% pure, Kleneex Tissue by the box QQ. >THIS GAME IS TO HARD<. For the amount of thumbs down due to this game being potentially to hard for some people to play, I pour each Dev a shot and raise mine in salute to producing a game for the non-casual gamer. Not every game needs to be easy and hold your hand. If you find the laser walls move to fast, you need to move faster. If those turrets are hitting you first, you need to shoot first.If you cry over this game being to hard, get better at gaming. Go back to square one.Practice, Apply, Fail, and Repeat until victory.No one said this is going to be easyIt runs very smooth. Controls are tight, with micro adjustments midair and mouse sensitivity spot on at default. Graphically this game isn't lush forests and blown apart bunkers or cities floating in the sky or space. It is a complex puzzler with Tron stlye graphics, but your not here to enjoy the sunset. Graphics are perfect for their application. Music soundtrack is nicely applied, and not overbearing. Puzzles will make you stop for a bit and look around, but your not searching for the lever behind the mummy on the 2nd floor storeroom for 30 minutes. You will have your goal within 10 seconds.I don't understand why someone could give a good game a thumbs down for difficulty, instead of a thumbs up and a warning."
76561198091776885,Recommended,284460,25929640,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[EcG] SwordThane,Very fun and challenging game not for the easily frustrated or the rage quiter. Just take a look at the negative reviews complaining about difficulty and frustration.Only complaint I have is every now and then i get a frame stutter and it can ruin a run at some points.
76561197978956656,Recommended,284460,24326336,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,systemzajety,Have you ever seen those videos of Quake or Half Life speed runs ? Have you tried play that games yourself and perform such acrobatics ? Have you failed ? Then that game is for you. The point is to reach the end as fast as possible. This game makes it easier to perform stunts but practice is still required to master them. Graphics and music are great addition to the gameplay.
76561198065102920,Recommended,284460,25991200,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,arielvonlestat,brutal
,Recommended,284460,16496843,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Legalize Ranch,"How anyone can not like this game is beyond me. If you liked Portal and/or Mirror's Edge, this game is meant for you. Insanely smooth even for my crap computer, well priced, and a great challenge at times, I can honestly say nothing bad about this game."
76561197984348678,Recommended,284460,19592709,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,BaronHaynes,"DeadCore has what's probably my ideal scenario for a game: You fall through the sky and land near the bottom of an impossibly high, architecturally abstract tower, built out of moving and floating pieces, patrolled by mechanical sentries. You have powerful movement options and find tools to make them even more powerful. As you progress, you see flashes of words associated with your immediate task, seemingly the thoughts and warnings of people who have been here before you. Climb to the top.This is platforming in its purest form - dash, double jump, avoid death fields, boost high up, create your own shortcuts, shoot down enemy sentries, and keep climbing. The movement mechanics are so robust they have a visual artistry to them. The music is a combination of ambient soundscape and thumping electronica.What little context exists is abstract and light. You find logs with flavor text but they're all pretty interchangeable. DeadCore is just about climbing the tower and (optionally) collecting the sparks that activate something at the top. It's incredibly fun.Note on speedrun mode: The game has been patched a few times to remove major climbing/clipping exploits, but several still remain. There are obscure ways to boost yourself from the bottom of a level to the top. Unless it gets patched again (which seems unlikely), don't sweat the leaderboards too much and just play it the way you want to."
,Recommended,284460,12703206,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Aggressively Trans,Super fun and super challening. A must buy if your a fan of fast paced first person puzzle games. I can see myself getting hooked on the speedrunning aspect of this game!
,Recommended,284460,17762151,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tankor Smash,"Feels good to play, floaty enough. You can upgrade stuff. I like it."
76561198040834283,Recommended,284460,21430732,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,無限アタック,Warning you will die alot unless your timing is right.  it can be frustrating but if you the kind of person that enjoys platformers where timing is everything then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,284460,13354101,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,emil_hedgehog,"Very simplistic but ultimately challenging platformer/FPS, like a mix between Portal and that abstract level in Mirror's Edge. It starts off easy with few mechanics involved, but as you gain more powers and techniques the platforming becomes a lot more precision-based. Great level design and fitting music, you should definitely pick this up if you enjoy platformers :)"
76561198057603544,Recommended,284460,15089849,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Red Panda!™,"DEADCORE REVIEW- COVERING THE GAME AS A WHOLE! (Tried to make this as complete as I could- sorry it's long).After watching the trailers, I thought this looked like a pretty fun game... and boy did it deliver! When I dived into it, I was more than just in awe! Deadcore is definately on my list of top games in 2014! I highly recommend Deadcore to anyone who wants a challenge, or likes speed runs, fps puzzle, or platformers in general.The gameplay is fast paced, extremely satisfying and the mechanics are brilliant. The general idea of the switch gun is simply genius, and adds a unique element to the game. The other abilities are also great- dash, g-mod and blast are unlocked further in and add more challenges and allow you to go back and explore previously unaccessible areas. Please note that the BLAST EXPLOIT HAS BEEN FIXED- so you can't use blast to climp up easily. You will have to play the legit way like I did! :pThe world itself is dangerous, mysterious and intriguing. It is quite an adventure through this game and it keeps you interested and curious. There are lots of different secrets to unlock- new pathways, and hidden collectibles- logs, music tracks, sparks, and more powerups- like ammo or dash boosts. The logs you find develop a small, story like explination that really adds to the feel of the game. Sparks unlock areas that are a faster route, but also more challenging. Exploring the world is unexpectedly fun- by that I mean that a first glance at the game would not suggest there is the exploration element. The soundtrack is perfect for the game- with a mix of fast paced, awesome tracks. The design is kinda Tron like, and suites the game perfectly.It has a very good learning curve and a very high skill cap. You gain more abilities, experience and knowledge the further you get. Sometimes, you will get stuck on a particular part and it will be EXTREMELY RAGE INDUCING. My advice is to NOT RUSH and to analyse the challenge so you know where you're going wrong. Timing can be a very key factor to success. The enemies are cool but can be very frustrating, especially as I found the hit boxes on them are very small- one issue I had was that sometimes you hit the cubes and they don't deactivate- the shot needs to be too central for my liking. Wasps can be infuriating, and turrets are considerably rapid fire. The ""bosses"" are pretty awesome. Another issue I had was that you don't get a good feel of your size- meaning lazers can often hit you when you think you're clear. Some of the lazers I thought were a little too punishing- particularly ones that rotate. Also, I hate the laser tunnels you have to dash through. Sometimes the game offers little to no room for error- and the slightest wrong move can kill you.This adds to the overall challenge though, and when you do get past that one bit you were stuck on, it is SO REWARDING! Each level gives new challenges that increase your skill. I myself am not very accurate and my reflexes aren't too sharp, but I feel they have improved because of this game- so what I'm saying is even the less skilled players can pick this game up and improve.Lvl 1 is simple and pleasant- a good eye opener that leaves you jaw dropped in awe as you look up at the massive tower ahead. Lvl 2 is still quite easy, with some more tricky challenges. You are getting tested a bit more. Lvl 3, the difficulty starts to pick up a lot! Lvl 4, for me, was my least favourite lvl. It is the most demanding in terms of your pc- as you're in a storm of effects. The difficulty is extremely high and quite frustrating- mostly on the 1st time. Lvl 5 as a whole is shorter and a bit more rewarding than lvl 4. As a whole is it less difficult, but it has the hardest specific challenges. The end to lvl 5 is extremely rewarding- with a really epic challenge at the end. I won't spoil what you find at the end.Conclusion: Deadcore is a genius game that I definately recommend. It is extremely challenging but equally rewarding. A FEW minor issues, but nothing you can't overcome eventually. AWESOME AND UNIQUE GAME- Want to thank the people behind this awesome game- Deadcore needs more recognition! I am a little sad that I have finished it! XD I would definately be up for a sequel! (That would need lots of thought though). DEADCORE IS AWESOME- BUY IT!  9/10"
,Recommended,284460,13604915,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Futil1ty,"Sci-fi first-person puzzle-platformer. Very ethereal, gorgeous, metallic setting, with cool music to back up the pacing. Controls fairly tightly, but can be very frustrating if your reflexes are not up to par. Frequent respawns, and a decent amount of trial-and-error. If you were looking for another Portal, this isn't it. If you were looking for another Antichamber, this isn't that either.There's a moderately interesting story hidden in the collectible logs (among the other collectibles), but you likely will miss big pieces if you don't collect all the logs.It's pretty dang short and does have some replay value for those interested in collectibles and speedrunning... I got it on sale for $4 and felt that it was well worth it.I would give it a 7/10, but it's an 8/10 in my book because I think I got a lot more satisfaction out of it than I expected for my purchase. If you're not a fan of first-person platforming, you should probably steer clear to save yourself frustration... It can get ragequit-inducing at times."
,Not Recommended,284460,26122784,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,wizcreations,"This is a FPS puzzle platformer, and it is actually very well made in terms of mechanics, graphics, audio, and the like.  The game also does a great job at integrating the tutorial into early levels.  The first few levels are linear and give you a good feel for how the game plays.  However, after teaching you the essentials of how to play, the game opens up into a maze of pathways, making it difficult to figure out where you are even supposed to go and what you need to do to get there.  I would normally consider this a good thing for most games in this genre, but for Deadcore, it just makes the game more frustrating the fun.Checkpoints are too far apart, forcing you to repeat difficult sections over and over again until you can perfectly execute a series of precisely timed movements.  I eventually reached one such section that I simply could not finish.  If you enjoy repeatedly failing one small section of a level where you can see exactly what needs to be done but just can't make it happen, then this game is for you.  I don't understand why people enjoy games that are so frustratingly difficult, but that is precisely what this game has to offer."
76561198041936631,Recommended,284460,13964030,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kemicalburn,"Not a review, but my opinion. DeadCore is one of my favorite gaming experiences that I have had in recent years. Not a second of this game went by that I didn’t enjoy. No matter how many times I hit respawn or died, I was still having fun and looking forward to the next challenge. Can't wait to see what the developers create next."
76561197971250143,Recommended,284460,16486291,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,fho,Missed the ledge :                 30532 times/ hr.Jumped into wall :                   3239 times/hr.Run off the ledge:                     349 times/hr.Electric Fence faceplants:    43456 times/hr.Sweaty palms:                      3.78541178 liters/hr.This is what a Tron video game should be along with tastefully matching music.
76561198056937073,Recommended,284460,19579973,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Clotface,"I found it pretty fun, but the gravity mechanic drove me up the wall."
,Recommended,284460,16540084,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sominius,"When first browsing for games in the ""Less than $5"" section, I game across DeadCore. After waiting for the right time (which happened to be the Summer of 2015), I finally bought the game. I'll be honest, it was definitely worth it. Now, shall we begin?+Promising environment and textures - the techy-mystery type!+Fitting sound effects - works perfectly with every movement.+Great gameplay - involves a lot of speedy runs and jumps, as well as activation of numerous entities! Parkour!+Perfect soundtrack - though not the best, it coordinates well with situations, speed, and mood of the game.+Tone - not sure how to describe it, but the game gives off a very well-produced feeling of accomplishment!+/-Pace of the gameplay - depending on how you like it, the game's speed will give you either a feeling of frustration or adventure.+/-Challenging - once again, depending on the player, challenges can either be accepted or rejected in frustration-Difficulty - this is indeed one of the toughest games I've played.-Limited demographic - this game is truly for those who like games that are fast-paced, involve parkour, or like challenges. It is also only for those who don't mind dying repeatedly!Though rather short (if you're good at the game), I've come to really enjoy ""running and jumping and falling off things"" while playing this game. I've seen people compare the game to Portal, but with all honesty, it's not really. The ""gun"" that you are given has completely different properties, and the gameplay may be different, but it's original. Most of the time, you ""gotta go fest"". Moving at ""sanic"" speed is one aspect of this game that makes it fun (for me at least).As for my rating: 80%""Dexterity...""Now, let's go swat some Mosquitos and run past the Troopers!"
76561198013563570,Recommended,284460,13098470,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Beefious,"A challenging and super fun puzzle platformer. Frustratingly difficult at times, but purposely so and not due to bad mechanics. Not much of a story, as the main focus is on game play. Controls are tight and precise, Levels are well designed and have a cool visual style. Cool sound track. Lots of collectables, including ammo and ability upgrades, music tracks, story logs, and ""sparks"" that open up new sections of levels. Made with speed runs in mind, including a mode specifically for speed runs. I enjoyed the hell out of it. Highly recomended if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,284460,17399329,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Schmole,"An FPS platformer that does everything right. The controls are tight and the feeling of speeding through a level is excellent. It's almost as if it's a 3D Super Meat Boy (with less levels, sadly).Not for all - it's a tough learning curve, but boy is it satisfying when you get to the point of proficiency."
76561197994710126,Recommended,284460,27331409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Juajuex,"One of my favorite games, challenging and rewarding. Instant fun of speed running and jumping in first person, then get frustrated trying to beat your score.Great soundtrack as well!"
76561197983929314,Recommended,284460,17267403,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,Died 467 times during my playthrough and i would still recommend the game.(Took me longer then 4 hours to complete ^_^)
76561198006210866,Recommended,284460,16717686,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nevi007,"To all Portal fans.Yes, DeadCore looks like Portal,it feels like Portal,smells like Portal,but it is NOT Portal.However, it is not a flaw! Game has different mechanics and is more about your dexterity, than capability of solving puzzles (but there are quite alot of them). It has complex story (tho you need to read the logs to understand it) and is a bit harder than Portal.Still, it gives you few hours of great fun and I would highly recommend it to all the aforementioned Portal fans! :)"
,Recommended,284460,14035168,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheWrightboy,"Brutal. Unforgiving. Amazing.The ultimate in first person platforming, DeadCore offers refreshing game that will push your dexterity to the limits. While there will still remain some luck elements (especially towards the end of the game) beating it is incredibly rewarding!"
,Recommended,284460,14095499,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,perpetually spinning turtle,"The controls are unmatched, the game is 99% bug-free, the developers are active and listening, there's tons of secrets, an interesting story, perfect level design, just enough linearity to keep things in tact while leaving room for creative pathfinding, perfect difficulty scaling, interesting puzzles, one hell of a good soundtrack, literally the BEST visuals I've seen in a game ever, insane amounts of replayability, an active speedrunning community and just enough engine quirks to make speedrunning interesting.One of my top 5 games of all time tbh."
,Recommended,284460,16532490,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rypo Falem,"Fast paced platforming game makes you feel like god when you succeed after failing a lot.It reminds me a lot of some of the fast-paced segments of portal 2 except that is what the enitre game is like. Fast dying, respawns and reasonable check points help keep it un-frustrating. The music is nice and keeps the gameplay feeling smooth and exciting.The levels are well designed and really push the game's wierd futuristic aesthetic. There are often multiple paths to choose from and some are a bit hidden. Indeed, the game rewards you with various collectables for finding some of these areas. As you progress you will enounter new mechanics, often in the form of upgrades. These mechanics usually have to be exectued while platforming somewhat precisly and quickly in order to complete the levels.Enemies are usually moving laser walls (instant death), turrets(fires a shot that pushes you back), giant fans, etc. This is not a game that focuses on combat and shooting these enemies will either do nothing or just disable them for long enough to run past them. In short, enemies are more like obstacles than enemies of a traditional FPS.There is no real storyline to speak of but there is hidden lore in the form of logs hidden about. The logs are short but entertaining enough to read.This game seems like the sort of thing that could be very competitive and there are high score boards if you are into that thing.Not sure how long the game is but I picked it up for under 4 USD and 2.6 hours throughly enjoyed so far, I already feel like I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,284460,16933931,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,7ok3n,Fast paced and very challenging parcour game.I still need to reach the end.
,Recommended,284460,13871796,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jenocyber,This is an excellent twitch puzzle game from start to finish.9/10
,Recommended,284460,18875719,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,olly!,I wish they've had more checkpoints since the difficulty between sections can vary hugely.
,Recommended,284460,16367285,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Goat,"If you don't like puzzle and/or platform games, speedruns, and dying a lot, you will probably not like this game much, (you can still).Deadcore isn't really a game for anyone, but it is really fun, and challenging: The obstacles and the level design are original, the platforming although would be much better if you could see yourself, because it sometimes can get a little frustrating dying a lot just because you don't have notion of where is your body, is great.I don't blame much about the controls, they are okay, but I had some trouble dominating the dash (E), although something personal.However, besides this, I loved the atmosphere: It is just beautiful, along with the soundtrack. The scenario for every level of the story, is just gorgeous. About the soundtrack most of the tunes fit perfectly with the game, if not, all of them.The gameplay: It's pretty fun, once you get the hang of. For me the beginning was the worse, the learning curve is a little high. But after that, I absolutely fell in love with the game.I completed the story in about 3h 15min (first playthough, lots of fails, not speedrunning, but also not that slow). However, keep in mind that the story has a lot of replayability (collecting some logs, etc.. or just getting a better time), and also you have a SpeedRun mode, which adds new maps, and more hours of entertainment.Absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,284460,13565191,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mako,"Fantastic. If you'd ever wished Halo was more about the ruins, and full of agility challenges(Or that the agility challenges you tended to naturally undertake as an explorer were integrated into game), Deadcore will make you very happy."
76561198076603646,Recommended,284460,13276715,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dad,"Although the polish is a little rough, the controls are usually responsives, some whoa moments, lots of action, varied challenges, everything's there for a great experience! I liked my few hours of gameplay, it came this close for me to like it enough to try to push best times and collectibles, but some technical problems made it a little too frustrating. Jumping when going toward a wall that we touch cancels the upward push, these goddamned gates that we have to dash through... why the hell do I keep dying at the 3rd fence? am I not supposed to go vertically straight?"
,Recommended,284460,14136644,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,60RD174 FR33M4N,"Deadcore is the best game ever made. Yes, really.This game will teach you HOW TO GAME.It's the most challenging, most elegant, most compelling game I've ever seen. I am addicted. I am obsessed. I cannot stop playing it. Yes, I got all the achievements. Yes, it took me forever. Yes, I'm going to reset it and do it all over again. Yes, I would pay for it again. Yes, for full price.BUY IT. Buy it, and get an extra copy to give to that friend of yours who loves to brag about speedrunning. WATCH YOUR FRIEND CRY AND TEAR OUT ALL THEIR HAIR. Then, laugh smugly knowing that you have shared something magical. Your friend will forgive you when the game is finished.It's worth a thousand times its price. Enjoy the sweet torture._________________________________________________________EN FRANCAISDeadcore est le meilleur jeu jamais fait. Oui, vraiment.Ce jeu va vous apprendre gaming.Ce est le plus élégant, jeu le plus convaincant je ai jamais vu. Je suis accro. Je suis obsédé. Je ne peux pas arrêter de jouer. Oui, je ai les toute réalisations. Oui, il m'a fallu une éternité. Oui, je vais le remettre à zéro et de le faire encore une fois.Achetez-le. Achetez-le, et obtenir une copie supplémentaire de donner à celle de vos amis qui aime à se vanter speedrunning. Regardez votre ami pleurer et arracher hors tous leurs cheveux. Puis, rire d'un air sachant que vous avez partagé quelque chose de magique. Votre ami vous pardonner quand le jeu est terminé.Deadcore est valeur une mille fois ce que vous payez. Supplice gentil."
,Recommended,284460,16366919,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fitroni,"I falling down,,rasanya kayak jatuh beneran...."
76561198173606567,Recommended,284460,16352000,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KeinSchiesse,"If Tron, Magrunner: Dark Pulse, and Portal had a charming, deformed baby, this would be it.Pretty sweet game, nice visuals and the platforming is addictive. The sound design is particularly cool. The ""climbing a tower"" concept that is imbued throughout the game and its various approaches you can use to get around its levels is refreshing. No plug and play USB controller support is kind of a bummer, but with the precision and speed needed to get through some levels a mouse would probably be favorable regardless.One minute you'll be frantically activating platforms and dodging laser platforms and the next you'll be gazing at sprawling vistas and the upcoming challenges.. It's a great game, particularly if you're into first person platforming ala Portal, Magrunner, etc, you should definitely give it a go."
,Recommended,284460,16677791,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sher,"I failed a thousand times, frustated and desperate, but I love it x""DWhat I learned from this game is, don't give up easily. Try it over and over again until you get it right.It is SUPER HARD, but you can get through it eventually.Just buy it, or gift it to someone you hate the most and watch them burn."
,Recommended,284460,19574864,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Naxza,"It's a Unity game, it looks like a Unity game with the choppy switch gun animations and the high resolution skybox that feels fresh out of a demonstration video, it feels like Unity in that hardware on the lower range will probably suffer. The backstory is a weak excuse to sprinkle collectibles around the levels (there's only twenty of them, they're text logs), and the plot is about as deep as the end sequence to Mass Effect 3. Speaking of three, that's about how many hours it takes to get the true ending from when you start the game for the first time.This is the part where you imagine the stern face, the frown, and the shaking of head. This is then the part where you tell yourself, 'who cares! I'm going fast! Wheeee! There's times to beat, things to collect, one way to go, and that's up!'As you should! Deadcore feels tight. The running, the jumping, the dashing, the rocket jumping, the platforming, racing along a knife's edge to some sick beats along the looming specter of some inexplicable tower, it's absolutely exhilarating. Once you get a feel for the game, once you learn how to get to the end of the level, well, that's where the racing starts. There's achievements, there's developer times to beat, your friends' times to beat, your own times- you will feel yourself getting better at the game and you might surprise yourself with how quickly you do.A caveat, though- the game's kind of hard. It's very possible that Mr. Real Time Strategy On Weekends or Mr. Really Good At Last Hits isn't going to make it to the end. There's no losing condition, though, and with as 'short' as the game is, it makes it a very feasible goal. There's no grinding. There's no timewaster, no character progression. There's just you and your own skill.Sure, maybe you can get the true ending in three hours, but there are completionist goals, and the brevity of the game keeps them refreshingly in reach. Again, it's not about putting the time in, it's about gaining skill, and pushing yourself like few games these days push you. And let me tell you, pushing yourself to make it to the top of the tower in under one hour... Mmmngh. Good feeling.If you're a twitchy shootery kind of guy, or you dig fast paced platformers, and you think you'll enjoy finding the logs, music, and crushing time records, the game's definitely worth the ten bucks. If you're not, or not so sure of your skill, jump for it when it's on sale. It's popped up in a few game bundles already, so it shouldn't ever be too long between sales."
,Recommended,284460,16321809,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,IceColdFreezie,"Amazingly fun (and challenging) speedrunning platformer. Double mileage from all the levels as you first figure out how to beat them, then go back through and beat the speed times. Only thing lacking would be a level editor but even without that it's absolutely worth full price."
76561197966085533,Recommended,284460,17980401,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,tofu_♥,"Frustrating and unforgiving but once you get the controls and pace its smooth and fun gameplay with various routes to find and challanging timing. Except all the fallling, always annoying and for some reason the audio clips most of the time on my 11"" macbook air, but im still amazed so many good games can even run on it. Non violent games are my favourite but there are so few good ones, and not enough mac games  ported on steam.Non violent, challanging, steep difficulty curve, and fun.When a game makes you need a break beacuse its so frustrating and your stuck, thats a good game."
,Recommended,284460,16579906,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dregonos,Would respawn again.
,Recommended,284460,25941400,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Winter,"This game is interesting. The mechanics don't really have a tutorial outside of ""Press _ to use this feature."" One of my favorite aspects is that the game doesn't care how you get the objectives done. It only cares that you do. It's like a sandbox platformer. Definitely get it if it's on sale. Heavily consider it if it's full price."
76561198040861444,Recommended,284460,28252410,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,HijinxIgnatius,One of the best first person puzzle games of all. The levels get increasingly difficult.
76561198044595644,Recommended,284460,25934390,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DaBBerNasTY,Quite a fun game! It reminds me a bit of Portal and Mirrors Edge combined. Runs very smooth and the graphics aren't too shabby either. Totally recommend this to anyone who enjoys a Fast-Paced-First-Person Puzzle Solver/Shooter (the best way to describe the game IMO).
,Recommended,284460,28611876,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dr. Van Nostrand,"One of the most fun and challenging games I've ever played.  It is easy to pick up and incredibly difficult to master.  If you're into speed runs for games, this game will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,284460,26052454,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,drigmatik,Multiple paths and a fair challenge make this an amazing game to people that like speedrunning (I didn't even know I love speedruns before this game).
76561198176916446,Recommended,284460,30328589,Posted: 4 March,all,Nrrillinthas,"Note - Please read my full review if you are going to read it.I absolutely love this game, though I can see why some players may not like this. This game is my favorite game by far, and it will probably be like that for another year. This game is amazing, though you may want to think before purchasing it.Pros --Stunning graphics (depending on what you choose, very nice for just medium).-Stiff controlsThe controls on this game are amazing, I would say that any move ment you do is going to be your fault, even though there are glitches the controls are very accurate.-AddictiveThis game is very addictive after you get all the sparks and beat the story mode, you have so much to do in speedrun mode since you can always improve your time to get a better time. There is always competition when trying to beat someone's time in the game.-GlitchesHOW CAN THIS BE A PRO???? Well, not all glitches are the best, though they do keep a lot of glitches (purposely?) and these glitches make the game so much more enjoyable. One glitch is called the Mega Jump and it can bring you super high. These glitches also speed your time up.-For those nerds out thereThis game is definitely for those nerds like me.Pros to me/Cons to others-Fast paced gameThis game is very demanding of you to multitask. You have to shoot things at the same time you are in mid air. Some parts you have to be really smart with or you will die too easily.-ChallengingMany people are saying this game is challenging. I will have to agree. A speedrunner myself, this game brought out some frustration in points of the game, the game is demanding, like I said before, of you in multitasking. This game brings out the best of what I can do, as it is a truly challenging game.Cons --FrustrationsThis game is very frustrating when going through your first run. Your first one will be the hardest of your other runs. So, keep in mind, your first run will not be the greatest.-Only for speedrunners/skilled playersMany speedrunners, like me, will fall in love with this game so easily. It is by far one of the best speedrunning games for us speedrunners. Skilled players probably also fit in this category as this game requires lots and LOTS of reflexes, multitasking and much more. This game is not for players who are here just to play a game and be done with it, or at least not most. If the game seems interesting to you and you are a casual gamer, I am not saying you can't buy the game, though the game targets speedrunners and skilled players. So you may find it overwhelming. After you beat the game once, then beating the game is much easier than before."
,Recommended,284460,26694192,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pravsy,Frustratingly beautiful.
,Recommended,284460,27128104,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Scared Little Girl,"A beautiful 3D platformer.The game itself can appeal to both the casual platformer and the hardcore speedrunner.For the casual-Beautifully designed levels with a modern theme.Simple and easy to understand hazards, which can be dangerous in their own rights.An interesting storyline, almost entirely made of the Sparks spread out through the game.Wonderful music. Ambient, serene, and still enough to move.Checkpoints in many places- the casual's best friend.For the hardcore-Intuitive level design.A variety of speedrunning opportunitiesbuilt into the game. (Speedrun mode, high scores, etc.)Developers who care about the community and actively listen to some critique regarding balance.The option to run previous versions of the game.Various straightforward hazards that don't all just flat-out kill you.The quick-respawn button when you know you messed up.Great game. Lovely art and music. Nice developers.10/10"
,Recommended,284460,25256971,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,FuzzyPones,"Lots of jumping and shooting, the enemies are trying to push you off your course.This is a 3D Ego Platformer with interesting levels and most of them don't look the same but of course game mechanics repeat yet are being put to good use.I would say this game is OK if you like jumping and shooting.No real story besides some logs so i would say by playig it you don't feel like there is actually one.Play it if it's on sale and not hurting your wallet."
,Recommended,284460,18028981,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,LoveBot,"I picked this game up on sale, expecting to spend maybe an hour jumping around on platforms killing some time..4hours 10minutes later i ended up completing the game, in one sitting. (Very rare thing for me.)It just completely blew me away. And i came back the next day, to start doing speedruns and finding the last sparks i was missing from the initital run.. I am now considering buying 3D glasses for my 3D monitor, to play my first ever 3D game.Absolutely recommend !!!"
,Recommended,284460,15590578,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,iamcyberpunk,"This game is right up there with Portal and Mirror's Edge. Although I would prefer at least a minor story and maybe some comoical/futuristic cut scenes to kinda know what's going on, Overall 9/10. I do say there should be more games like this. To me this is what gamings all about. Strategy. Making you think without ANY help to overcome any situation with your tools and cool abilites. Very well done, Kudos.9/10"
,Recommended,284460,20884759,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Chosen Meme,"I'm normally not into puzzle games, and even though it is technically a puzzle game, this doesn't feel like one. It feels like you're exploring a new world with crazy powers.I loved every minute (except for those big lazer guys, **** them)"
76561198327562813,Recommended,284460,33712846,Posted: 21 July,all,The Moochman,"This game is fun. It's dumb fun. When I'm bored and I have literally nothing better to do with my life, I play this game as if I'm a 4 year old watching a disney movie. It just keeps me entertained."
,Recommended,284460,33980439,Posted: 2 August,all,[R.U] Riot,This is a very fun game.  I really enjoyed it and played through multiple times.  I think the best part is the speed run challenges as I am a big fan of speed running.  This game is SOOOO frustrating and its amazing.  Well worth the sale price I Paid and recommend it to anyone even at full price.  Not a waste of time.
76561198026235172,Recommended,284460,33954264,Posted: 1 August,all,Dexter Hovis,"Jump, dash, die, restart, try again and be better.If you finished the game, try it again and try to find much faster ways. Example: Stage one first try 20 Minutes, now in lower than 4 Minutes.Great game with some challenges.Don't expect Portal, because it's no Portal. It's a classic Jump and run."
,Recommended,284460,33695231,Posted: 21 July,all,Halsor,amazing - 9/10
,Recommended,284460,21403924,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,LoveKnife,"The platforming aspect is great, the movement is so fluid, you never feel gimped.Surprisingly fun."
76561198168413084,Recommended,284460,35067248,Posted: 19 September,all,F.Underwood,"Saw this one when browsing around steam one day and threw it on my wishlist. It just so happened to go on sale last week for 75% off so for $2.50. It reminded me of a platforming portal-esque game (and I love portal) so for $2.50 it was a no brainer. Pretty challenging but not in a rage inducing way but I was having fun with it for about 2 hours until they threw in gravity switching. For me this game mechanic just ruined the entire experience. In my opinion I think it was an unecessary addition to an already challenging game. Throwing the gravity switching in to the mix left me disoriented and unsure of what to do next. This would be almost bearable but, of course, the gravity is on a timer which makes things even worse. I know a lot of people didn't mind this gameplay element but it ruined the game for me. That said I can't not recommend it, especially if you can get it on sale. Just be aware that this mechanic may throw you off."
,Recommended,284460,15174638,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fluff,"I love this game.its challenging, exceptionally unique. beautiful, addicting.Theres no story or anything but the game is an arcade-ish action puzzle adventure, where you must climb to the top of the mysterious tower.I have not finished the game but so far its absolutely fantastic.Would highly reccomend"
,Recommended,284460,16432198,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,love^6炎子ちゃん☆彡,"Quite challenging, fast and fun platformer. Gravity modifiers are extremely disorientating though.You'll probably like it if you play rocket jump maps or bhop maps although they're not actually similar.If it had cute girls this game would be 10/10."
76561198001811060,Recommended,284460,16372427,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Terrenblade,"good atmosphere, music is nice, gameplay is adictive."
,Recommended,284460,15767490,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SLAYNKILAYNKIWAYNKIDAYNKI,"Very pleasing to the eyes. Short, sweet, fun. If you like platformers, than you'll like this game. Worth the $10."
76561197970447700,Recommended,284460,12558693,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,oneclipleft,"Don't let the term Platformer-FPS scare you off, this game is somewhat similar to and just as fun as Portal 2. DeadCore's combination of tight controls and fast pace elevate it far above most other Platformer-FPS games. There may be a frustrating moment once in awhile, but once you conquer them you feel like a frikkin' ninja. The game is rarely cheap, so if you die, odds are you just didn't time something right or you messed up. Frequent checkpoints means that attempting a difficult section again is quick and painless. The art style never changes, but creative level design helps keep things interesting. New mechanics are introduced at a satisfying rate, and every tutorial consists of a few floating words and a simple puzzle to get you started. Difficulty scales nicely as you play further as well. Highly recommended! Hopefully this game will catch more attention soon."
,Recommended,284460,14174498,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pirateguybrush,"Exhilarating first person platformer.  Can be very challenging at times, but it had me holding my breath multiple times, hoping to pull off a tricky sequence.  It’s on the short side (took me 4 hours for a single playthrough, though there are multiple paths, collectables, speed trials, etc), but it’s very fairly priced.  Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,284460,12995271,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fragment,"Really well polished even if a bit short, but with loads of replayability.I definitely rage-quit more than once after getting stuck for too long, but that just makes it all the more satisfying to finish :)"
76561197999083743,Recommended,284460,13280382,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Onychoprion,"To call this game beautiful would be selling it short. The environment is downright stunning. About half of my first playthrough was spent just staring at the scenery. Add into that a first-person platformer puzzle game, and you've got a great way to spend a day.While speed is definitely very much a part of the game, it is more than worthwhile to explore a bit, as you might find alternate routes, helpful powerups, or even just a spectacular view. The different paths makes for great replayability, and a speedrun system pits you against yourself and others, so while it took me 4 hours to get through the story mode (the first time--3 hours the second) there is still a lot of game left in this.If you enjoy a good-looking game, difficult puzzles, and fun platforming, then pick this up!"
,Recommended,284460,13537127,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jedd,"Deadcore is an impressive feat by Studio 5 Bits where you will essentially have to think, jump and aim in a very fast and fluid way. It is constant entertainment with no downtime and although some parts can take you longer to solve or execute properly, the feeling of accomplishment after that is something I've not experienced in ages!The controls feel good provided you have a decent computer: it's a Unity game with lots of objects... playing this on my recent laptop (GTX 850M) didn't feel as nice as playing it on a real gaming desktop (GTX 670). There is a bit of randomness (especially in the robots AI) and a few glitches here and there but nothing really getting in the way of the experience. Oh and the aesthetics (visuals, sound design and music) are just dreamlike! Such a strong atsmophere for a game with almost no storytelling (actually there is a lore but it's entirely yours to find out!)My first run took me about 4.5 hours. Might not seem that long but any additional level would probably be repetitive, boring or frustrating (also let's not forget this is a small development scale, not an AAA studio); I felt like it was the right ""size"" and I've thouroughly enjoyed these 4 hours. The replayability is assured thanks to the speedrunning factor: you might not think you are the speedrunner type but try it, because flowing through complex levels with mastery will feel reaaally good!So buy the game because it's really worth the bucks! And help out these new devs so they make more games like this in the future!"
,Recommended,284460,13513923,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zevok,Very nice platformer. Usually dont like these things but this one is very pretty and plays excellently.
,Recommended,284460,14610583,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kan 2077,It's an addictive first person Platformer with a high replayability.Smooth gameplay coupled with neat level design which rewards you for thinking outside the box. If you ever played the KreedZ (kz_) mod in Counter Strike or other FPS Platformer gamemodes/mods you will most likely love this game.There is no real storyline tho and your only goal is to climb the giant♥♥♥♥♥tower up into the sky.
,Recommended,284460,15126382,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,apoisonedgift,"DeadCore is simultaneously one of the most irritating and enjoyable games I have played in the last decade. This isn’t for the faint of heart, but anyone looking for a great challenge in a fast-past first person perspective, this might be for you!For my full review, check out:http://shoddypixels.com/deadcore-review/"
,Not Recommended,284460,28964725,Posted: 2 January,all,Mirraz27,"Fun platformer game, but it has some annoying parts and the gravity-changing mechanic isn't well polished. You can also skip many puzzles by  jumping through them in non-intended ways, and you can beat many jumping puzzles without really understanding what you're doing very well. I wouldn't recommend this game for its full price, but it's worth $5 or less."
,Not Recommended,284460,14195117,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tthopf,"This game has a lot going for it.  However, the ""twitch"" factor is very high.  To make a pun that current owners of the game will get … it’s “Sky High.”  It is my sincere hope that enough reviewers will echo my sentiments & that the developers will eventually enable a control panel & permit a “God Mode” so that talentless old folks like myself can at least observe the level design & artwork, which is quite good.I've unlocked a gravity ability, & I have given up on level 4.  I've seen You-Tube posts of nerds with superhuman gaming powers (& obviously way too much time on their hands) hurtling through the levels like a hot knife through butter, yet I apparently do not have the patience to die as much as I have...anymore.Don't get me wrong: it's a gorgeous game.  The movement is good.  The levels are well designed (despite their difficulty & oftentimes confusing mechanics.)  The colors are nice & the textures are good enough.  The game loads quickly & respawning is mercifully instantaneous.  It simply is too “twitchy” & it lacks a compelling story line to keep me intrigued.  The level I gave up on is particularly dark & chaotic.  Keeping track of which way is up became ridiculously impossible.I would recommend this to someone young with very good hand eye coordination & a LOT of spare time on their hands.  I would NOT recommend this to anyone who has ever experienced a seizure.  Even some folks with no history of seizures might experience one while playing “DeadCore.”  I feel very fortunate to have purchased “DeadCore” for only $3.99 during a holiday sale; I can honestly say that the levels I DID get through were worth exactly that but not one penny more.One last thing: folks who compare this game to “Portal” or “Portal 2” are vastly overstating this game.  There’s a gun.  It’s an FPS.  There’s apparently some sort of AI that’s taken over things & made a mess of the world.  Beyond that, there is no comparison."
,Recommended,284460,12560463,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,This a beautiful and very addictive platforming/speedrunning/fps game that blends all three elements seamlessly. Its a bit like portal but ten times harder. It would be very frustrating if the controls weren't so smooth and if the satisfaction of completing a difficult part so complete. Definitely worth playing.
,Recommended,284460,13591513,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Totally Harmless,"If there's ever a game that'll make you feel like a cyberpunk ninja, This is it."
,Not Recommended,284460,14009895,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jobabob,"I grew up and actively participated in the skill jump scene seen throughout various quake/halflife/unreal based games. I enjoyed the skill based challenge of these, they were rudimentary but there was something about the use of the game mechanics in such a unique way that captivated me. It never felt unfair, it was my own lack of skill. It didn't hurt there was an active community as well to be part of.So along comes a game designed to capitalise on this as so few games have got FPS platforming right. Great looking and with some relatively tight mechanics.However, where I rarely felt cheated before, past the half way mark deadcore constantly has sections of rote memorisation. There are long and un-checkpointed parts that force you to replay countless times to learn them. Even a half-decent FPS player would find it hard to impossible to judge many of the jumps on reaction. This is especially evident in the gravity sections, with no easy indication of orientation, its very easy to get lost before being summarily thrown into the abyss.There are enemies whose only purpose seems to be to frustrate and foil jumping runs, you can only delay and cannot kill them. Your gun has limited ammo between checkpoints, that are again put further and further apart. This gun is required to activate switches yet can be depleted to stop aforementioned enemies, I cannot see how this was a sensible design choice.Overall, an interesting concept with fantastic graphics, but layering on artificial difficulty with too many frustrating and confusing gameplay elements to remain as fun as it starts."
,Recommended,284460,13193793,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,OliverOA,This game taught me swear words that I didn't know I had in me.10/10 most frustrating **** ****ing piece of **** I have ever played.
,Recommended,284460,14153287,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Freker,"Incredible.  The gameplay behond Deadcore is essentially a first person platform game which just so happens to have a gun to activate things. The game challanges you to climb a large mechanical tower made of levitating blocks higher and higher with checkpoints along the way. Sometimes it seems incredible how high one level can go.The way you get around in Deadcore is by jumping platform to platform, using jump pads, stragetically whilst activating markings on some of the surrounding blocks, whilst dodging red lazers, autoturrets and floating security droids shaped as blocks or orbs which try to knock you off or into lazers in various ways. timing is important.Throughout the early levels you get introduced to different abilities to climb this monstrous tower of jumping puzzles, turrets and lazers. A double jump at first, a boost which you can use twice before recharging, or hold down for a powerful boost forward and finally a kind of boost orb which when used properly can help propel you in the air after a double jump. However the gun you carry around is more like a tool and you can only fire 30 times, until you get a checkpoint where the gun refils with shots. This can be specially annoying when defending yourself from drones as you try to figure something out, only to reach where you wanted to go and find a marking to activate, with no point but to kill yourself and try again and learn through trial and error.Just as you get used to the rhythm of shooting markings to activate jump pads at the exact moment, barely fit through lazers like the Japanese game show concept 'Hole in the Wall', then the game literally turns itself upside down with transparent markings on to of blocks which temporaliy affect your gravity in that purple highlighted area and that's where it gets a bit like Portal, getting completely misco-ordinated whilst climbing a tower upwards, suddenly realising what direction you are facing in mid air and quickly making a landing whilst some floating drones are trying to send a pulse wave so you can get incinerated by a nearby patch of red lazer.Utterly brilliant and taxing, like my earlier reviewed 'A Story About My Uncle' but instead relies on perfectly timed jumps and a repetition and rhythm as you jump pad to pad and activate marking by marking. It's more like a physical training course and the reward of getting to a checkpoint where you can auto save your progress (and go back to the real world) is so satisfying, but it's so easy to fall into a trance doing each action at the right time and each move at the right measurement and you will swear a lot.Minimal, mysterious, thrilling and very rewarding."
,Recommended,284460,14705083,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,(((Nexus))),"The game is so big. SO. BIG. Some parts you can cheese through, some parts you have to buckle down and fight through, some parts you have to pray for luck to get through. The semi-open world puzzle is exhilerating. Your options are numerous. The graphics are the greatest.If you are looking for a first person puzzle very similar in playstyle to portal, this is your game. Physics go crazy.This game seems to be under rated. It should be as well known as Portal 2.I don't know how much this game costs right now, but I would spend a solid $30 for it. And I'm not even past the fourth level."
,Not Recommended,284460,16518360,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,r p R,"Very cool concept and looked promising.For some reason, even on lowest settings, it does not run smooth at all.My system has the i7 2700k on 4Ghz with 16GB ram and R9 280X.The FPS counter says 150+ fps, yet it feels like I'm playing on 40 fps.It kinda ruins the whole thing of a fast pased game."
,Recommended,284460,12561402,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fail Nation Fairies,"If you liked Portal, you will love DeadCore. Fast paced high flying platform puzzles feel challanging and satasfying!"
,Recommended,284460,12666587,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Katreil,"Great Design. Great Mechanics. Great Art. Great Music. Great fun. If you liked portal and css climb maps, buy this game."
,Recommended,284460,15606292,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cyril,"I'm gonna get this out of the way first 'cause this game has HUGE problems that make it, actually, a pretty bad speedrunning game. I do like it, though.1. For whatever reason, you cannot shoot anything at point-blank range. This includes switches as well as enemies that are about to knock you off the edge of a platform. This kind of gets in the way of things. A lot.2. The boost pads are horridly inconsistent. Often not propelling me with enough height or distance to get to the next platform, resulting in either a death or at best a bit of wasted time.Neither of these can be intentional at all and they really destroy any consistency in running levels, two glitches that really need fixing. That being said I did 100% this game, so.A few other problems I had:Overuse of enemies, especially cases of enemies awkwardly crammed into otherwise fine level segments. Some of them feel like cheap shots.The sparks vary in quality a lot more than the rest of the game. Three of them had really strict time limits compared to everything else in the game and a good number of them didn't bring much if anything new to the table, it feels like the devs ran out of ideas making them. I do like having them, though, adds a lot of length to the game and it's not like they're awful levels in general.I feel like instead of giving these massive goliath levels, the main levels could have been split up a bit more. Levels 4 and 5 are both big enough to be two, even three levels. Though they're really not that terribly long when you know them well enough (and have the spark paths down).Checkpointing could use some work, sometimes it's fine and other times there's a bit too much between checkpoints.This is a minor gripe, but for a game with branching level paths and an emphasis on speedrunning, it's really strange that there are definitive ""best paths"" in the form of sparks; there's literally no arguing with any of them, they are always faster and most of the time actually easier too, due to being shorter.I have no clue what any of the story is. I read the logs and saw the true ending and I don't get it.Now onto the good:The controls. They're stellar. Really. The jump feels great, the dash feels great, rocket jumping is intuitive enough, the basic move speed is really good for this kind of game. The dash meter is a bit short at first but it gets better with upgrades, so, EHH.The level design. There's a lot of creative ideas in the main level and the game never really repeats itself (aside from a few instances of VERTICAL LASER TUNNEL and DASH THROUGH LASER TUNNEL moments, the former of which generally comprise most of the worst sections of the game, the latter always being fun enough to not get on my nerves). Each level introduces a new mechanic (well, save for the second level, though you could argue that the branching paths count as a new mechanic, the first level is pretty linear aside from the shortcut paths).The difficulty curve is pretty smooth too. It starts out pretty simple and ramps up fast but not dauntingly so, each new section gets a bit harder than the previous section and you suddenly realize that ""super hard"" section two levels ago is a piece of cake compared to the ""super hard"" section you're facing now, which will probably be a piece of cake by the time you hit the next level's ""super hard"" sections. But really, it's all manageable. As long as you actually learn from mistakes, at least.The game's also gorgeous to look at, though admittedly it gets kind of samey after playing for 20 hours or so, but the scale of the levels is still pretty breathtaking, admittedly.I like this game. I don't love this game. But I think it's worth playing. It's leagues better than Cloudbuilt, at the very least, though the parkour mechanics would've been great to have here too but eehh it doesn't really need them when the rest of the mechanics are good enough.So yeah, that's me rambling for a while about a thing."
,Recommended,284460,27221927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,oldschoolvandal,"First contact with the game...looks and feels very promissing!!was told it was good for bite sized sessions, let´s see.Will update as I progress."
,Recommended,284460,18325414,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,voidscan,this game is my aesthetic.it's also VERY frustrating at times but SO beautiful. i won't rest until i beat it.
76561198049007591,Recommended,284460,13081167,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kristophy CTx,puzzles/ speed runing/ quick shooting ? whats not to love. this game is awsome! and hard. yes i say this. it will cause suiced...
,Not Recommended,284460,20783486,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,rogermorse@tablet,"The game is locked internally at 50 fps. This means that even though your fps counter may show 60 (or whatever your maximum refreshrate allows), the game still actually renders only 50fps. The whole engine is locked at 50. If you play on a 60Hz screen, 10 frames will be repeated, creating a tremendously uncomfortable headache experience. The game is supposed to be fast paced. At the moment, you either play the game with the screen set to 50hz (or 100....if you are lucky) so that you can match the game framerate (you will have to deal with input lag at 50Hz).....or you don't.I chose the latter. It is supposed to be a fast paced game, it would be impossible (or just uncomfortable, at least for me) to play it at anything below 60fps. Despite many requests from the users, the developers never tried to do anything since release."
,Recommended,284460,13130989,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,devil_kirby95,"Puzzles, Platforming, and shooting stuff with hidden paths for optimized speed running. The only thing it needs is the Oculus Rift."
,Recommended,284460,25892215,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Memes™,"I'll keep this short.Pros - basically everything. Graphics are good, level design is nothing like i've ever seen, etc etc.The Con.This game is not for the casual crowd.You will Die.You will Die again.You will Die a lot. Over and Over again. I feel like this game sacrifices fun for difficulty, because about halfway through the split second actions start to increase and the checkpoints eem like they get few and far in between.Is this a bad thing? Not very, but if you are short in patience and if you don't pay attention to every detail of the puzzel, you wil fail over and over again. Sometimes it feels like a clusterf---, when you have to juggle ammo preservation, enemy movement, lasers, timed platforms, etc. While playing this game I let out a huge sigh of relief every time I saw that green checkpoint circleI do not recommend this game unless you want to be challenged. I do not recommend this game to the casual crowd.Will I be happy when I finish the game? Yes, to an extent.Am I happy that I just restarted what was possibly the final level in the game, when I was halfway done with it?No.No I am not."
76561198027176788,Recommended,284460,24263179,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Papasmurf234,"I feel like if Deadmau5 made a platformer, this is what he would come up with"
,Not Recommended,284460,17157509,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,joho6,"Despite Portal/2 are better games in terms of over all experience with story etc. this game is way more stimulating because of the fact that you are always on the move.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!EDIT: Actually the game was only stimulating in the first levels. After that it becomes pretty repetitive and boring. I really like the concept. Bending gravity and kind of fast paced shooting opstacles.But if I would want to complete this game it would be for the reason of completing it alone. So I will not.It's just level after level.Games shouldn't just be about beating the game, it should be about having fun/flow while playing it.It needs a story. A reason to beat it."
76561198026497809,Recommended,284460,12632139,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hammerhead,A great alternative to cutting your wrists.
,Recommended,284460,12605354,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,gigatwo,This game is fantastic and frustrating.frustastic
,Recommended,284460,33796402,Posted: 25 July,all,Dotarius,Much better than Project Jump
,Recommended,284460,13846589,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,stone cold killa,"Ever played Minecraft? Ever played parkour in Minecraft?That's what this game is like, but with a decent amount of mechanics put into it. The game is pretty short but has good replay ability. If you're short-tempered and/or impatient, try not to ragetoomuch...All in all, great game with good soundtrack, stunning graphics and smooth parkour gameplay.Would rate it 7/10not considering the fact that I am constantly falling from the sky trying to do cool parkour."
,Recommended,284460,29269060,Posted: 15 January,all,Bonqurz,That feeling when you really need to go to take a huge dump but at the same time you really want to beat one more challenge :D
76561198025321433,Recommended,284460,16384769,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,American Currency,"Deadcore is a graphically impressive 1st person...well, Speedrun-Puzzle-Shooter-Hybrid. You run around a weird maze, trying to figure out what is going on.The game is a paradise for speedrunners but even if you are not interested in that, just playing through the story is amazing. The game has some mindbending puzzles and is generally fast and fluid in it's gameplay, making it a joy to play and breeze through the levels as well as stopping to think what you have to do.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,284460,22515814,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,»Spartaŋ:*,nice
,Recommended,284460,12597147,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,syn d,"Great game, really love the setting, good graphics and i love the sounds and music, really recommended"
,Recommended,284460,23467394,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Chaoz_Zero,Awesome game. Recommended very much if you like platform games.
,Not Recommended,284460,22256652,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hailtaxi,"Mechanics are way too random at times and impossible to learn and repeat, so they require trial and error, a very bad design decision in a game focusing on speedrunning.  When there is no chance to memorize and improve there is nothing left but to pray that the gods of RNG will look favorably upon you.  Music is nice, and so are most of the game mechanics but the RNG makes it impossible to recommend."
76561198080961167,Not Recommended,284460,18399726,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,nnabber,"A very nauseating game with beatiful graphics though. Too much Jumping and Mega-jumping, boring and irritating when you fall of and have to start all over again."
,Not Recommended,284460,25903609,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Garbage,Bad game if you rage a lot like me.
76561198092368609,Recommended,284460,13150094,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ProkletX,Very wonderful game of the best GamesIs considered a strong contender Portal 2I advise them strongly
76561198118177192,Not Recommended,284460,16337739,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DidgeryDON'T,"PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME WORK FOR OSX AT LEAST 10.6 because 10.9 is way to new for most computers to run, also left click in menu doesn't work unless you have the newest software please make compadible for OSX 10.6 minimum THANKS!"
,Not Recommended,284460,16853669,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,worldnamer,"The controls on this FPS are just wrong. Inertia hardly exists until you get going and then it's in full effect, making platforming exceptionally difficult. Jumps are slow to trigger. The level design is infuriating, especially the first five minutes. I spent 30 minutes with the game and quit out of anger, not because the challenges were difficult, but because the only reasons the challenges were difficult were bad reasons."
76561198057349921,Recommended,284460,12559862,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,TH15_15_ALPHA,This game is awesomee ;) But please implement graphic-options beyond the 1920x1080 limit. I have a 21:9 2560x1080 Monitor...
76561198054023535,Recommended,284460,12536294,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"First day and 92 minutes into the game and I'm loving it!  I'd definitely compare it to Portal 1 and 2, but without all the comedy relief... You learn what to do by making mistakes through trial and error, well that and exploring, using your common sense, and keeping your wits about you while doing more and more manuvers to get through the endless maze... The music goes from Sci-Fi ambient to Sci-Fi fast thrill/ action like.  And with the beautiful 360 degrees views of endless sky to endless abyss, it will keep me engaged and immersed for sometime... I believe this will/ would have great replay value too... Definitely worth the $10.00 I paid for it on release day (Oct. 17th, 2014)!!! :) ♥ ^5"
,Recommended,284460,24945126,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,yerdem,this is best puzzle game i ever played ...- things i likefun and fast gameplayno need to beast gaming pc (i palyed with hd7600)-thing i dont like so much annoying :DBUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,284460,13230844,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,enkerro,"This game is an awesome first person platformer with a lot of replayability! It has a great difficulty/learning curve, it's never too difficult nor too easy! Keep in mind that I'm a somewhat experienced tier 3 Quake Live player/difficult platformer enthusiast. So, if you're looking for a casual fp platformer you can prissy prance through with no difficulty whatsoever, this game is not for you. However, if you like to overcome a certain level of difficulty, learning on your mistakes and doing it right the other time around, do get this game!http://youtu.be/jYTOyWwaRjwPros:1. Challenging gameplay, each level introduces several new mechanics.2. Stunning visuals.3. Great replayability, each level has mechanics from the other levels, even the ones further in the game, which incentivises you to come back and do them differently.4. On top of 3, a speedrun mode, challenging you to find even more creative ways to complete certain parts of the levels.5. A somewhat cohesive story, there's not much questions left after you get the ""true ending"".Cons:1. Almost non-existent audiotrack, in story mode the music is somewhat audible only in the last level. (You can make your own playlists from unlockable in-game music in speedrun mode though and THAT music is pretty freaking awesome)2. Simple and predictable story.3. Enemies. There's no variety, and even though they introduce something different to the game, they are quite easy to avoid/snipe from far away.4. The game is not for everyone, as it might be somewhat brutal to the more casual players.5. Playing through one cycle is quick, 3-4 hours the first time, on my second run I beat the story mode under an hour, speedruns take much longer to master though.All in all, a great game. This was a random Steam get for me, so I didn't expect it to be this good, but I even ended up makinga full playthrough of it with all collectibles.If we use the somewhat common Steam rule of 1 buck per 1 hour of fun gameplay, this game provided 2.5 times the amount of content I was expecting, still I wouldn't mind another couple of levels.I'm writing this review after playing it for the last time after sinking close to 30 hours into it. Will I be returning to this game at some point? Definitely!Rating it 8/10 - A solid game, totally worth getting for the hardcore-ish platformer player."
,Recommended,284460,15119390,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PrettzL,"You have one task: Get to the top of the tower.It wont be easy.DeadCore is a consistent delight. Some paths are exceedingly challenging the first time through.The music and visuals are absolutely breathtaking and I often found myself ignoring the puzzle ahead of me and just looking around, which is actually rewarded! There's a few hidden things scattered all over the place in every level and they can be just as difficult to reach as the top of the tower.DeadCore is agauntlet dockin the best way possible."
,Recommended,284460,16387366,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at full pricescore: 8/10 - very goodsimilar games: Super Meat Boy, Quake (Movement)tags: speedrun, niche, platforming, freedom, movement, depthMechanicsDeadCore belongs to the category of games which I personally like the most. That category is not ""speedrunning"" or ""platformer"". Games in that category achieve satisfaction with a very low amount of mechanics which have a big amount of depth. In DeadCore there are not many tools the player has. You can jump, double jump, dash, shoot (switch) and rocketjump. The combination of these have so much depth though and combining them successfully is very satisfying to do. When you get in the ""flow"" of the game and just perfectly connect every move and cruise through the levels it makes so much fun!Obviously for this to work these mechanics have to be as good and precise as possible and thankfully they are. The jump and strafing in the air is a bit spongy, but I dont think that that is a bad thing, just personal preference. I personally like the more ""heavy"" style in games like Half-Life and Quake. There is one annoying thing and that is that most checkpoints are on a platform which has a ledge, so when you respawn and start running you will fall of that tiny ledge without noticing it and beacuse of that you will already have used your first jump and can only do your double jump. I mean because you respawn really fast and start going again really fast, I immediately jump and continue having in mind that I have a second jump incase anything happens, but because of that ledge the jump I do myself is already the second jump. Okay okay, that was a lot of text for a very small annoyance, but its there.Also that when you respawn you have to wait for your character to land which is also a bit annoying.Level DesignVisually they sticked to a sci fi setting with very abstract constructions, probably to make it easy for themselves to create challenges of all types. That could become dull but thankfully it isnt due to some variety in lighting and other things. Also because of that the design is consistent which I like. Technically its not the most impressive game, but because of good design and a very high view distance the game still looks impressive.From a gameplay perspective the levels are really well put together and thoughtout. I always know where I have to go or where I COULD go, the levels are actually very open and there are multiple path and secrets which surprised me. I didnt play the game that much yet so I cant judge if that makes sense or not. I think it makes sense because if you get stuck at one path you could try a different one, so it doesnt get frustrating, also it creates replayability obviously and since the game is designed for multiple playthroughs, especially for speedrunners, designing the levels for replayability is a good thing. When I played myself it just felt like Im missing so much and that wouldnt be a problem, because I could just go the other routes in my next playthrough, but because they have this sci-fi abstract theme going on I wont be able to tell where I already was and what I missed. But I cant tell right now, because I didnt start my second playthrough yet (didnt even finish my first).I feared that the challenges they come up with will get dull after a while, but there is a surprising amount of variety and they constantly introduce new things, the same way they introduce you to new mechanics. Because of that it is easy to get into this game in my opinion. I read in some other reviews that the game is too hard, too punishing or not beginner-friendly, I disagree, yeah its hard, but its always fair and even if it is ""too hard"" you cant criticise the game for that. Then you just suck or the game isnt for you, thats not the games fault. The only thing you could criticise it for is that it doesnt teach you its mechanics properly, but it does in my opinion and it does so very well.Enemy DesignThe game actually has enemies, but wait. These are not there to throw in some random combat for variety, these are also part of the platforming. Now you might be dissapointed because you think it would be nice to have some combat in between, but in my opinion that would be a bad thing, because it would be a compromise. The reasoning behind that would be to reach a larger audience, not to make a better game. There are not that many different enemy types, but enough. They are easily distingushable and each has its purpose. What I really like is that these enemies dont ""damage"" you, I first expected that they one-hit kill you, but actually they just push you away from the level and make you fall, but you can still save yourself.Sound DesignSound design might seem like an unimportant thing for this type of game, but for me its crucial to make it fun. A nice soundtrack in the background keeps you motivated to continue. Every enemy has a unique sound and ""death""-sound which makes it satisfying to disable them and gives you feedback that you succeeded. The same goes for the traps and activatable stuff.Overall the sound design is nice and consistent which creates a cool atmossphere and fits the cruising through the levels.ProgressI played 2 hours so far and I think there are 2 more hours to complete the game. That makes 4 hours which is not bad for a 10€ game (the game wasnt that hard for me, for you it might take longer). But that is not the end by far since you can still unlock stuff, find collectibales and many other things which encourage replayability. Obviously the main replay value comes from the speed run mode though where you can try to get the best speeds and compete with others. This might not be attractive for some people though, but even without this I think there is enough meat in the story-mode that you wont be dissapointed with the purchase. If you are unsure then buy it for 5€ or less."
,Recommended,284460,24692621,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jackscape,GOTTA GO FAST
,Recommended,284460,26821187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,master117,"Did the first level in 40 seconds instead of 5minutes, then they patched the exploit. Still 10/10."
,Recommended,284460,15323158,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Nikumubeki,"For those with speed, precision and dexterity, I'd recommend you to check DeadCore out.My first playthrough took more or less 6 months (not that I played the game every day, but still), and the second one about 9 hours on the same day I finished my first one. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the levels do have variations so that you don't always have to follow one certain path to play through them.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,284460,23628693,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,lollertyp,Great FPS and great puzzle game. Well done 10/10!
76561198133093384,Not Recommended,284460,18824312,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The flame goat,"I havent played much of the game yet, but so far it's awful. the pakour is too easy, making it hard.this is the only bad review i have left. lets hope it gets good"
,Recommended,284460,16393930,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gimper,"Would recommend if on sale, beat it in I think 2.7 hours. Pretty short but I guess it is built for speedrunning, Quite enjoyable though."
,Recommended,284460,18257357,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Thadrei,Basically Portal 3 right Valve RIGHT??!!
,Recommended,284460,13180971,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,metalgearlyralei,"Die, adapt, press r - rinse and repeat.Game is pretty good though story is somewhat unclear and short. Needs additional level packs."
76561198025960567,Recommended,284460,14436167,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Elteras,"Proof that first person precision platforming can work and be a ton of fun (even if it almost never is). Long enough to be satisfying, short enough to not overstay its welcome, controls very tightly and has a solid set of core mechanics as well as a lot of replay value. Can't recommend enough."
,Not Recommended,284460,16474459,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,gunderson.sot,"At first this game is kinda fun, notice the ""kinda."" Cause at about level 2 they start throwing suprises at you. In this game I like to go fast, but this game forces you to slow down if you dont know whats coming beforehand, And thats just flat out BAD DESIGN. you're meant to go fast in this game so why do you force me to stop to precision shoot some fan blade? WHY do I still get thrown back if I shoot an enemy  watch it start to retreat back into it's shell of broken dreams, but then touch it a milisecond before the animation finishes? WHY DID YOU ADD AN UNNEEDED GRAVITY MECHANIC?! thats right, a gravity mechanic. you can tell by this point you're probably pretty close to the end of the game, so they added a CONFUSING, USELESS gravity power. I was struggling my way through this to see the end, but this is where I stopped. You're supposed to go through this gauntlet of reverse gravity platforms, an every time you jump into a new one they get harder, but you will NEVER reach the next one because you either: A. Jump to short and have to start ALL over. or B. the double jump flat out just doest work. It doesn't help that when you actually make it to the next platform you are IMMEDIATELY assaulted by lasers and turrets. so in short, this game gets really stupid real fast. play it if your blood pressure is too low."
,Recommended,284460,17986080,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,∞ ᴷᵃᵒᶳᵘ,Twas fun
76561198005919137,Recommended,284460,14206246,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Provoker,"F*ck yes, finally, phew....This is exactly the reaction you have once you finish a difficult sector. This is the only game I would recommend playing drunk. Speed, reflexes and concentration are the main skills you will need in this game, also green tea and maybe a spare mouse.The graphics though simplistic/minimalistic are good, the music complements the gameplay, which is quite an attraction in this game.You will not have to think hard on solving a level, it is not Portal, this is a speed run, thrilling and unforgiving to slightest ""knee-jerk"" actions, clumsiness and waste of ammo (yes there are few enemies, but you mainly need ammo to shoot buttons/controls). It is worth noting however that the levels may have more than one solutionAll in all the game is fun and challenging, and once you finish it there are speedrun challenges.P.S.Join my Group for more reviews and curator recommendations athttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
,Recommended,284460,21467790,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,_askmeu_,fun but bad
,Not Recommended,284460,25978109,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sinical,"A must for platform games is to make it feel fair.If you introduce unintuitive hitboxes and parts which feel mostly trial and error, the end result is an unenjoyable experience. Unfortunately, deadcore has both unintuitive hitboxes and parts that feel mostly trial and error. I ended up solving most jumps via muscle memory rather than accurately gauging the height like any good platformer."
76561198037080732,Recommended,284460,16358998,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,"this game is just amazing, the best plataformer/shooter/speedrun/puzzle whatever u wanna call it that ive seen since portal, totally diferent and more challenging? 10/10 a MUST for 2.50€....!!!"
76561198047225269,Recommended,284460,29397810,Posted: 21 January,all,cka,challenging as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,284460,28467205,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Bedebao,"While I like the game's artstyle and I think checkpoints are well paced, some moments are very frustrating. Especially the gravity fields, I was so confused at one point that I had to resort to a walkthrough.The shockwave drones (are they called Troopers?) are also very annoying, because they can still block your way even when deactivated. And the laser tunnels where you must dash through are quite strict.Overall, it's a very hard platformer that does not suit everyone. I do not regret playing this game because of the sense of accomplishment it gave me, but I wouldn't recommend it either."
76561198152693671,Recommended,284460,19355051,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,✪ CamBay,"DeadCore is a great, low priced strategy game! 10 out of 10. I definitely recommend that you get this game."
,Recommended,284460,12545725,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Crembo,Does exactly what it says on the tin. Provides a reasonable but not frustrating challenge and mixes up the puzzles and environments. Fantastic ambiance.I am having fun playing this and liking it!
,Recommended,284460,23962859,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MorphBlue,Fast pased action platformer with FPS elements.Multiple routes to unlock and more than one ending.
,Recommended,284460,29196117,Posted: 11 January,all,usoppN,very lit
,Recommended,284460,17988898,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,A bug in the code,"All right. So there is something I need to immediately put out here. This game isn't ♥♥♥♥ing Portal, nor is it a ""spiritual successor"" by any regards. Those that say this are people who obviously haven't played the game or looked at the screenshots on the store page. This is a game that I can ""recommend"", but only for those that don't mind difficulty. If you're hoping to sit down and get through this game for the first time in one sitting, you are doing nothing but lying to yourself.Now we got that out of the way, I can answer the question ""so what is Deadcore?"" Well, it is an FPS with heavy platforming elements that has a hard requirement for twitch-like reflexes. The art style of the game is very cyberpunkish and often makes me think of a ""Tron meets Blade Runner"" kind of thing. It looks amazing in motion, which is what you'll be spending most of the game doing. Yep. Moving. A lot. Most likely trying to dodge the rude obstacles that want to ruin your day.Not really that much more to say about it. Other than it is a game meant to be speedran.Good luck!"
,Recommended,284460,25939956,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jaiwoy,stress/10
,Recommended,284460,29537627,Posted: 28 January,all,Ostrich Paladin,"I'm going to leave this game a positive review because at the end of the day it's aa decent game. However I feel like it doesn't do what it was meant to do well if that makes any sort of sense. I went into this game expecting a parkour game with some puzzles as thats what was advertised. Not really the case. At certain points it honestly just felt like a platforming bullet hell. And a damn good one at that. But that's not what the game was meant to be. I'll probably get some grief for slapping the term bullet hell on it, but when I'm trying to shoot a robot, while dodging lasers, and immediately having to shoot a moving target while jumping over more lasers so more robots don't push me into other lasers you get the same hectic feeling of a bullet hell all while trying to be accurate. I dont necessarily think that's the point of the game and it's not what I was looking for but it's still an alright game. The world feels very alive with all sorts of moving parts and such. I felt like I often had different directions to go which made it feel less than linear which is always great to see. Worth a try if what I described sounds like your genre"
,Not Recommended,284460,18062782,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Trading Wrists,"I Enjoy the game, it's got fun, difficult gameplay, ome aspect of story, but the game doesn't save for more than a day, and I can't be arsed to play through AGaIN"
,Recommended,284460,13672407,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mortal,"It's like Kreedz Climbing Maps and Portal had a beautiful, dark dystopian cyber-baby. It's pretty unforgiving and doesn't last very long (story mode will take you between 2 and 4 hours, depending on skill). But man, it's a lot of fun. Speedrunners will have a blast. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,284460,23394560,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dimanor3,"If you like hard and frustrating games then this is the perfect game for you. Imagine a really tough minecraft parkour map with slow shooting turrets whose bullets just push you, laser walls, moving laser walls and flying cubes that can use a wave attack that simply pushes you. And that's just from what I've experienced in the short time I spent playing this game, I shutter thinking of what other obstacles they've added to the game. If you see this and like what you've read thus far then don't think, just buy!"
,Recommended,284460,28642835,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,giancarlo1985,"Some may complain this game is all too frustrating. It can be, but that does not detract about how challenging and wonderful this game is. You need to time your jumps or you will fail multiple times, but that is the point. It isn't meant to be an easy game, but one where it provides a constant challenge.The graphics are incredible to look at it too, and the audio effects are spot on. If you want a challenge for a low price, pick up this game. I bought it on sale for $2.49, and I can easily say it's provide more gameplay and fun then games worth $20.And one thing I also say, if you get frustrated don't give up. And if you're a casual gamer, this game isn't for you. It is brutally challenging, but that is what I like.This game is for one who has high levels of persistence and will never give up. If you are this person, again I recommend this game highly. If you do not have these attributes and prefer a casual game, this may not be for you."
76561198038447289,Recommended,284460,34983364,Posted: 15 September,all,SageThePanda,This is a really fun and fluid 3D platformer. Easy to pick up and play. Fast paced gameplay with puzzles that are unique and keep you on your toes.
76561197988323561,Recommended,284460,29563488,Posted: 29 January,all,Toejam264,"Fun and fast first person jump and run. Difficult and sometimes frustrating but the excellent controls and the Tron like style keep you going.There is a high replayability, because there are several routes to finish a level.Recommended.^I have to warn you about 2 issues:1) The game is frustrating; the checkpoints are too far away from eachother.2) They screwed up the rocketjump. It requires 100% precise timing and just doesn't work aswell as e.g. in Q3 Arena."
76561197994085048,Recommended,284460,16891292,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Remster,"DeadCore is a first person platforming game. It has a futuristic setting and the whole game will throw you for a trip.I don't think there is much in the way of story, just scattered words and logs across the game. Not really a big focus.The main gameplay has you jumping and sprinting around. It starts our very simplistic but as they give you new mechanics things can start to become very challenging. I would highly recommend you don't play this game if you have some type of motion sickness as the gravity sections might be difficult to take. That said, the gameplay is very smooth, unique, and fun. Not many platform games give you this much freedom to move around with, and very rarely do you see first person platform games at all. The game has 6 or so levels, and took me about 3 and a half hours. The game also has collectibles you can find which would greatly add to the gametime, I personally didn't go for them. The game greatly encourages speedrunning, with leaderboards and even a speedrunning mode. Hell there's a clock on the Gun at all times.  I can see how the mechanics could be creatively used by speedrunners to get through levels quickly. I'm usually pretty competent at platformers and even I had a lot of trouble in some sections so I would say this game could be pretty difficult for more casual players. It could do with more checkpoints in some sections.The overall look and feel of the game is something to be admired. While it can be a little monotone at times, the emptiness and beauty of the levels isn't lost on me, and some of the crazy mechanics will surprise you. I feel the gravity mechanic will be either greatly loved or hated, depending on your perspective, but it is something to appreciate that you don't get to see much in a first person game.The game also includes a weapon and enemies but this is either meant to be underutilized or just meant to give you more things to do. Enemies are just there to be shot once, to stop them for a moment, while you continue platforming. I feel it's unecessary.Pros-Solid/Smooth Gameplay-Very Pretty Aesthetics-Creative Unique Mechanics-Speedrunner Support-Challenging-Interesting Level Design-Collectibles!Cons-Uninteresting/Lacking Story-Might be too challenging or needs more checkpoints-Somewhat short without looking for extras/speedrunning-Droning Music-Annoying Sound Effects (in some areas)-Sometimes level design can be confusing-Enemies and Weapon feel somewhat pointlessI liked DeadCore a lot. I feel that if it was a longer game there could be a lot more creative mechanics added instead of relying on the few ones the game has. It might not become your favorite game, but I would recommend everyone at least takes a look to appreciate what is being done here.7.7/10"
,Recommended,284460,27876656,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Curotos,"Amazing game if youre into fast paced first person platforming, if you enjoy csgo surf or a story about my uncle you will absolutely love this game"
76561198001454789,Not Recommended,284460,16359854,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Charming Cthulhu,"This is the kind of game which makes me wonder what the developers were thinking during its development.""The player just beat 3 levels of enjoyable and well thought out puzzles, what can we do to challenge him in the last 2 levels?""""How about endless trial & error passages without checkpoints?""""YOU'RE PROMOTED!""Yes, this game only has 5 levels. It took me about 2:45 hours to beat - 45 minutes for the first 3 levels, 2 hours for the final 2.Starting at level 4 I became annoyed of the game, although it was somewhat enjoyable. Still, I'm not motivated at all to replay the game and get the collectibles I missed.I haven't tried the speedrun mode yet, but it seems to have a lot of level segments as well as completely independent courses. Looks kinda promising.I'm not sure if I should recommend this game, but I guess for the 2,49€ I spent on it it's worth giving a shot.Update: Nope, speedruns are only the trial & error parts from the ""story"" levels. Don't recommend."
76561197970426099,Recommended,284460,16264929,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Telezombie,This game is totally worth playing if you are into first person puzzle platformers.  I played a game a lot like this on the playstation 1 called Jumping Flash.  I enjoy the frustration it gives me.
,Recommended,284460,13464154,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Clone303,"just a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome if you like Portal then you love this, yea you dont need to think as much as in Portal but still really fun and hard and you will have to use your head or you are ♥♥♥♥ed but PS. it dont looks as good as the shots from the game but it's really close and take around 5 hours to do the game and hope there comes a Deadcore 2"
,Recommended,284460,14091512,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,"""SAD SALAD""","I freaking loved this game, it's the perfect balance between enjoyment and rage. A great and abstract ending.If you liked Portal and Portal 2, you'll love this.9.7/10"
,Not Recommended,284460,16764494,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bloody,"well, i havent played much, but im rally not impressed so far.  the videos make it out to be a sort of  fast paced hi flying game, but  atleast for the first few levels, its a tedious tightrope walking simulator.it all feels floaty and at the same time too sensitive.  all too often youll find yourself jumping up into the air and spinning around 360 just looking for the next place to jump,  or  worse, you already know where to go but its just so tedious.  artificially tedious, as well, by limiting the amount of ammo, whoops, you shot that  turret twice? well now you must restart to get more ammo. because you need it to open doors.one of the few games that i would definitly prefer playing on a controller. but it doesnt support them.its a solid game i suppose,  its just not fun. unles you LOVED the feeling of grinding in tony hawk, eternally,   pass on it.ive got other games for  about 99 cents that had simlair gameplay and were more fun."
,Recommended,284460,21009749,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,that is so raven,"1 very good and 1 very bad review:Good - If you've played jumpmaps on Quake (or perhaps surf CS) and Portal you gonna LUV this!The game ""goes"" as fast as you can manage it and I love that. There's a lot of side-jumping to find hidden items and you can also ""glitch"" a lot by jumping on edges. which actually makes the game more fun than feeling it's broken.Bad - Only thing I can't talk well about are the requirements, they're off the wall. I'm running 6core 3.2 CPU, 6BG RAM and HD 5500 1GB. But I can only play this game on LOW and on the absolute LOWEST resolution which sucks b*lls. At least the game runs smooth then and it looks like it's 10 years old, but I dont mind that much."
,Recommended,284460,19288769,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[EX] XaZ 🎃,Buy this game. Do it.
76561198018138126,Not Recommended,284460,14169152,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MMz,"This game has challenges full of good ideas, unfortunately, the buggy physics allow you to make exploits OR make you lose a bit unfairly.But let's get to the point, the levels clearly lack of signs, making most of the game a frustrating ""die and retry"" for hardcore gamers. Many times, I asked myself: ""Where am I looking at? Is the exit this way? Where do I have to go? Am I stuck?"".Furthermore, I think the team had to pay taxes on the checkpoints and the numbers of levels, since the checkpoints are very sparse and the levels soooooooo longs. I guess the developpers were not thinking that some people might enjoy a play of 30 mins.No editor bundled with the game.I wouldn't recomand that game until the points I mentioned are fixed, unless you are a huge fan of Shootmania platform."
,Recommended,284460,12598835,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,twitch.tv/lunskee,Deadcore is really challenging and immersive gaming experience.
,Not Recommended,284460,19059859,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Guelo,"How hard it is to add controller support???!!! I work all day in front of a computer with a keyboard and mouse in hand... the least thing I want to do is to go back home and take a keyboard and mouse to have some good entertainment. *** PLEASE, FIX IT!!!! **** NOT ADDING CONTROLLER SUPPORT IS A BAD BAD BAD IDEA..."
,Not Recommended,284460,16514572,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Prasfear,Broken
,Recommended,284460,16446763,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cesar The Salad,"Fun little FPS puzzler platformer, you solve puzzles by running, dashing, jumping, and shooting things, as fast and precise as you can. So it's a refreshing twist on the genre.  It also has a pretty cool Tron-esque look and feel, but unique and modern in its own way. It looks gorgeous.Get ready to respawn a lot though, it's not an easy game. But it adds new movement mechanics as you go along, which makes it increasingly fun (and increasingly challenging)."
,Not Recommended,284460,21309583,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Neon,"In a way. I actually like this game. Smooth graphics, amazing visuals, interesting storyline. However when I had gotten about half-way through the game. The gameplay started to drag on. Certain bits of levels you might see for the rest of the game repeated. I didn't want this to be a rage game. But that's what it turned out to be. This game was praised for its level design and at first I can say for the first 1hr to 1 hr and 30 mins it is on par. However the Dev's seemingly enough would take parts out of some of the levels and put them into others. For example you might have seen an obstacle in the first level repeated in almost every single other level.I am almost sick of the same repeated parts in each level. One I picked up on, was one where their are 5 red laser panes, and at the end there is a boost to get you to a part of the level that would normally be unreachable. The farther you get in the game the more parts that you catch are repeated over and over again. The worst part the checkpoints get even farther apart. Which makes the repeated bits in levels even more noticable. By the third level I was absolutely sick of the gameplay its pacing was horrible, and just nonsense. The game however does try to add some new mechanics by about the 2 hr mark. However it falls flat on its face, as its mechanics do not match the levels overall pace.Overall I would rate this game a 6/10.Graphics: 8/10, The only major problem is how low resolution some of the textures are off in the distance, and how unrealistic they are. It is painstakingly obvious. The main menu suffers from this to.Sound Design: 6/10 some of the sounds are so f*cking cool, but they repeat FAR too often for me to handle it.Music: 6/10, The music is awesome. Futuristic, and overall it has a nice compostion however even 2.5 hrs into the game. You hear the songs loops. Not all the time like their is one song. But like seemingly the game likes to repeat certain songs more than others. Problem is the music gets a 6/10 because of how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid the level design is, makes the fast paced drum and bass music not match up with the level design. And the fact you repeat the same part of a level so often you want to turn the music volume off.Level Design: 2/10. This brings the game down so much. Because it was what it had mostly relied on. It fell so far from expectations. It is annoying, repetitive, and sluggish. As I have said before it repeates itself alot, you might see entire parts of a level copy and pasted from other levels. Overall levels are put into this absolutely random mad copy and paste spree. Levels had gotten so damn annoying I got sick of it and did not want to play the game anymore. If the game was a rage game like you would have died a lot, I wouldn't have minded as much if the level design was overall good and was fast paced, not sluggish and annoying. Their was this one part in a level that had this super long segment that was literally copy and pasted from the previous level, like nothing was different.Story: 8/10. Although the story is simple, in a way it is as equally complicated. The story, is extremely intresting, and just awesome.Was this worth my ten dollars? For the 2 hr's of gameplay that were actually fun, I would say no. Imagine this game as the bad version of portal. And I tried to finish the game but I literally would see entire huge parts of a level copy and pasted. Like it was literally so bad that every level was pretty much the same. The only thing that would save this game would be if it had custom campaigns and workshop compatibility. Possibly, an in-game level editor. If you think about it most of the parts of levels are put together kind of like portal. Like mostly cube based, and things like that."
76561198000070521,Not Recommended,284460,16990185,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mile,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198109087083,Not Recommended,284460,18010035,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,----,"Beautiful art design and graphics, great music, interestion story base, flawless idea... but too ♥♥♥♥ing hard. WAY TO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD! I've put some good hours into it and I've hit a point that honeslty is impossible for a lot of gamers to get past. Levels 1-3 cake walk, Level 4 interesting, Level 5 all the sudden ♥♥♥♥ing crazy. The learning curve on this game is unforgiving and relentless. Its not worth getting. Just watch some youtube or broadcast clips and look at some screen shots for the visual effectls. Other than that, ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, the developers need to make the game longer or with more modes and for THE LOVE OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST ALMIGHTY make the game less ♥♥♥♥ing frustraiting. DO. NOT. GET. THIS. PIECE. OF.♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME. Have a great day :)"
,Recommended,284460,14464866,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,Great FPS platformer hybrid. Nice graphics and levels - fun !
,Recommended,284460,12564173,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bænlynn,"How to test if you are a calm and easygoing personStep 1: Meditate deeply on the meaning of lifeStep 2: Play deadcoreStep 3: Fail spectacularly at being calm and easygoing by beating your computer to death with the keyboard (laptop users may substitute with the power brick if they wish, but you will get bonus points for using the keyboard to accomplish this).Step 4: Start over"
76561198008715766,Not Recommended,284460,21282500,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,PIXELS,Sound doesn't work. You have to explore to find your E skill. I have no idea where to look. And there are no waypoints or objectives. It would be nice if I could fall back to where I want without getting zapped on my way down by the area blocking lazer field. A good game if you're drunk and really don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068532495,Not Recommended,284460,25989694,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Call me Unlucky,"Same generic ambiance as portal, shoot a gun to activate things, platform your way to the end of the level (which is never clearly described) get some power ups, not sure that any of them do anything though. the part that really kills me, though i really like this game visually and playability wise, it the never ending attempt to ♥♥♥♥ing screw you over, just made a dificult jump onto a boost pad, immediatly punished into a death wall. the stun time for enemies is ♥♥♥♥ing aids as well. literally 2 sec if your lucky. and trust me, the 1-3 types of enemies in the game are ♥♥♥♥ing pointless.Main point of this story is if you want a tedious game that will never recieve an update, buy this.Best features are that their are no invis walls."
76561198042030755,Not Recommended,284460,23285138,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DarkKatalyst,"I feel slightly conficted on this game. I like the visuals, controls and puzzle aspect of DeadCore, but I don't like the emphasis on trying to complete levels as fast as possible and flawlessly. It feels like if Portal 2 had less thinking involved, a ton more cognitive coordination required, and an emphasis on speeding through each level.Something else rather critical to point out: there's not really a story from what I've seen so far. Basically there's nothing to motivate you to complete the game beyond just for the sake of beating it. The bare gameplay mechanics are not enough for me to keep coming back to complete it."
,Recommended,284460,25815768,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,"The platformer is nice overall, but the levels can get a bit repetitive."
,Not Recommended,284460,24780120,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Swofehuper Hemanmalemanson,"I'm in level 4/5 and it's just unbearably hard. Puzzle is overstated, which was the reason I got it.If you're into speed running (literally the only thing), get it, otherwise don't bother."
76561198048956010,Recommended,284460,12577316,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Erisarme,Awesome puzzle game.
,Recommended,284460,16378485,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ChoGGi,seems fun so far
76561198101603478,Not Recommended,284460,23653946,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Roki,"The thing that bothered me the most was the horible level design. I didn't play a lot, but the gameplay isn't that interesting in the first hour or so."
,Recommended,284460,12539589,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,(ڱ.T.ƒ.Û) FlandersNed,"This game is absolutley amazing, even from my 33 minutes of playing.Music and visual style are superb. Multiple paths allows for lots of choice and eventual replayability.Lots of opportunity to cut down time in levels. A story that isn't shoehorned in, collectibles and songs to boot!For $9.99, this is well worth the price, whether you are a hardcore speedrunner or a casual puzzle platformer fan!"
,Recommended,284460,18059637,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,✪TitanZz,Very good game but i am terrible at it
,Not Recommended,284460,32708611,Posted: 23 June,all,Coreys2cold,"This game starts as being extremely fun and very nice to look at. Paired alongside some tight controls, difficult platforming, and a good soundtrack, I was really excited about what the game had to offer. However, soon the beautiful clear blue skies disappeared and were replaced with dull, dark skies and the platforming became a chore as they shifted from being fun, straightforward, and challenging but rewarding, to gimmicky gravity change mechanics that were at times confusing and always unfun. Also, while the activate gun is a nice touch, I kept trying to reload it by accident and then I'd hit the key mapped to teleport you back to your last checkpoint, an annoying inconvenience if you've just cleared a difficult section."
76561198033916210,Not Recommended,284460,13311397,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,shartpantz,"I must be missing something.  This sucks.  I do not have the patience or find it that fun to repeat the same passages over and over until I ""get"" them.  I am stuck at the very beginning!  No tutorial to familiarize the player with how the hell it actually works?!  Well, the controls are simple enough, but somehow I keep falling.  So, uh, yeah... not fun."
,Recommended,284460,23960296,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,dulindraxe (Lumpia),Start the gameDieDie x2Die x3...Die x100Destroy your PC with a baseball bat.
,Not Recommended,284460,16344901,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dpuza,"Frustrating and unforgiving first person platformer.  You will fall to your death thousands of times.  Very low frames per second (~10) even at lowest resolution and settings, i7 GTX 660M"
76561197971559642,Not Recommended,284460,24125160,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Datsjive,"As we all know, parkour/speedruner games can be d!cks.Howerver, not only is this game build to be a d!ck, but it makes it clear that it LIKES being a d!ck.Nuff said."
,Not Recommended,284460,19155149,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MAD_JIHAD,The movement and mouse input feel terrible for a game where movement is so key.
,Recommended,284460,24861776,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Towelie,It's just better Portal.
,Recommended,284460,12642393,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,@theegamerdotcom,"Will play to complete, but apart from that, it is far from Dreamlike.Not a lot to say apart from that it is ok, i suppose."
76561198068982092,Not Recommended,284460,23348930,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"I just don't like this kind of platformer/speedrun game. It feels like a fps custom map rather than a game about speedrunning.If you wonder what I mean, check out Cloudbuilt. It has features like wall running, boosting and grabing ledges that make it feel like a much better speedrunning game than jump, crouch and shoot."
,Recommended,284460,22076026,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Khorps,"palms r swetti, mom's spaghetti"
,Not Recommended,284460,23193109,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,nO_d3N1AL,"I enjoy games with simple mechanics and an emphasis on speedrunning. But this game suffers from the same issues as Cloudbuilt in that it is far too complex. I only managed to get up to level 4 and I gave up half way through it because rather than offering lots of small simple levels, the levels are vast and complex and a nightmare to navigate. It is not easy (at least for me) to find which way to go as there are lots of paths. There are also far too many environmental death traps to navigate. By the time you get to level 4 it's no longer about being quick, but actually just getting through the game. Where Cloudbuilt fails because of its complex environments, extreme pace and many enemies, it at least manages to keep levels short and makes it clear that being fast is what's important. Deadcore, on the other hand, fails because it offers collectibles and long levels. The only thing that makes it remotely apparent that this is a speedrunning game is the timer on your weapon. I'm not sure if I misunderstood the game, but it seems to be that this is more of a ""deathtrap navigation puzzle"" game than one in which you are under time pressure; at least in the first run. The core mechanics are very promising, as is the general aesthetic and design. But it suffers from complexity which makes it difficult to enjoy and recommend."
,Not Recommended,284460,24225306,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,YubYub,"timing, coordination puzzle speedrun. if you like that, you will like this. has good music too. very challenging"
76561198046675266,Recommended,284460,19020887,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dustin,A jumping-platform game with amazing visuals and challenging levels.It feels like CS:Source's surfing maps with some Portal elements.Pretty fun game!7/10
76561198267679188,Not Recommended,284460,28844781,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kona,"Personally thought the mechanics weren't very... usable (on a PC anyway) and I couldn't find a way to change the sensitivity. May work better on a playstation or something, idk."
,Not Recommended,284460,24797878,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,real smokepurpp,"the game has poor optimization and can be buggy at times, but now, i do believe the difficulty is alright. your very first run of the game is going to be infuriating but if you give the game more time you can actually enjoy it.but the optimization of the game is still terrible. 40 FPS on all 4 graphic settings is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561197988248607,Not Recommended,284460,17991983,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Slippy,Having the key 'R' for respawning to the past checkpoint is soooo baddddddddddddddddddddd. Instinctually I press 'R' to reload.........
76561198029540876,Not Recommended,284460,33267417,Posted: 5 July,all,Shitdows 10,If you suffer from parkinson's this game will be playable for you
,Not Recommended,284460,33104442,Posted: 1 July,all,Imaproshaman,It doesn't launch. What a shame. >8(
,Not Recommended,284460,31901261,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,"A game designed for twitchy speedrunning gaming gods. Not really my cup of tea but the visual style and the sound kept me playing until I reached the tower's summit. Such a pity that I cannot return to the summit as a reward. Nope, can't enjoy the view on the summit because I'm expected to relive the nightmare of the rest of the game all over again."
76561198022364815,Not Recommended,284460,23395320,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Blinky,"Very annoying game. Not afraid to put obstacles in your way that require you to know them before hand. Not fun, coming from somebody who likes speedrunning things."
,Recommended,284460,12568799,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Goering,Can't skip developer logo at the start of the game and crashes on alt tab.Edit: The gameplay is actually fairly good and the aesthetic is nice but the thumbs down was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off enough for me to get a laugh out of the comments.
,Not Recommended,284460,31069901,Posted: 10 April,all,Developer :D,"Although this game is fun for a little bit, the graphics are amazing, the concept is cool, the way the developers made this game isn't as expected. The game is extreamly difficult and confusing and gets frustrating after 10minutes. Anyone who likes parkour game, take a crack at this, but otherwise, stay away."
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,284460,31490193,Posted: 1 May,all,MattSch21,Too much trial and error. I don't want to be tested on if i can remember an entire level. I only want twitch skill challenge. This game needs intuitive level design so I know what to do the first time I come across something. This is a speedrun game that thinks it's a puzzle game. Lack of focus leads to bad games.
,Not Recommended,284460,13463916,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,daesuphrasis,"Basically it's like somebody started programming a Quake clone in Unity and gave up when they realized nobody in the team was up to programming enemies. So you're left with a very niche product - an obstacle-course-in-the-sky game with floaty jump mechanics, deliberately obfuscated introduction to new features, and some nice skyboxes. It's only a ""Shooter"" in the sense that you have a remote control to switch hazards and jump pads on or off temporarily, and probably some form of rocket jump, but the game feels so much like a student project painted over with pretty graphics that I couldn't see any appeal in getting invested."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,284460,25318888,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Redeemed,"int patience = 0;while (patience++ < SICK_AND_TIRED) {Run, jump, shoot, dash, die on the last obstacle.Start back at spawn point.}uninstall();"
,Recommended,284460,33111061,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
76561198032107167,Not Recommended,284460,31306379,Posted: 22 April,all,InTheGame Kiah,"After trying this for several minutes and getting stuck on only the THIRD level in the game. I have to say that I simply cannot recommend this game to anyone that isn't a god.#1 This is NOT a game for players with hundreds of hours of video game playing experience.#2This is NOT a game for players with hundreds of houts of speedrunning experience.#3 This IS a game for players that enjoy ridiculously hard challenges with the only true goal being to get the fastest time possible.I Love speedrunning games, playing through games like Sonic Adventure, Jet Set Radio, Mario 64, Mirrors Edge, and more. Yet even I, with hundreds of hours of experience (See number 1) cannot even complete the THIRD level in this game. After a half an hour, I gave up.What frustrates me the most isn't necessarily the concept, I was fully behind that. No, the biggest problem with this game is the way the game makes things challenging.The hitbox on your character is too big and hitboxes on targets are too small and sometimes seem to simply not register. This problem is exagerated by the fact that you cannot see either your character or your drop shadow. Honestly, this game would be much better as an OTS-3PS (Over-The-Shoulder Third Person Shooter) where you could see your character and surroundings more clearly and could more accurately make positional judgements.Also, just to elaborate on how this game's challenge compares to other games:There are two types of challenge in video games. One of these is exemplified by Super Meat Boy, where the levels contain a myriad of obstacles and one hit kills you instantly. Yet, Its short bursts of challenge and creative design choices keep you engaged for hours. This is ""Tough but Fair"" which is what difficult video games SHOULD be.The other type of challenge is exemplified right here in DeadCore, where challenges are thrown at you at a breakneck pace and you are expected to learn from what you did wrong and then do it again and again until you get it right. You are also relying incredibly too much on simply getting ""cycles"" or simply seemingly random variables. This is not ""Tough but Fair"" this is just ""Difficult for the sake of Difficult.""If you want to play a better, faster, more fun version of DeadCore then go play Cloudbuilt. It's here on Steam and it is what this game wants to be, fun to play and fun to speedrun."
76561197977267103,Recommended,284460,20444974,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Am just trying the game out... but it allows re-mapping of the keys to use the Number-keypad UNLIKE Rubbish such as `Metal Gear Solid 5`, which has a control system well over 20-years old by comparrison.Kudos to the Devs."
,Recommended,284460,34396566,Posted: 21 August,all,Nome :I,It's good.
,Not Recommended,284460,12591256,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,"Seems pretty cool - you race to the top of a mysterious tower by jumping from platform to platform using your reflexes and timing to get through various traps. The pace of which you jump from obstacle to obstacle got to the point where it could be pretty intense, but it was somewhat broken up but the laser tunnels that seemed to kill you no matter how dead in the center you were, or you'd get through them, and the last would melt you.Then the gravity mod for your switch gun. Now it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor puzzle game with extremely disorienting camera flips each and every time you enter a purple field. The game's momentum simply stops when this happens. Now you must sit around at the same section wondering what the hell to do for several minutes at a stretch trying out several different things while the camera flips you around and ruins whatever plan you may have had. Then cubes and robot bugs fly after you and bounce you around to make it even more hilarious.I can recommend this for the first big section before the gravity mod. But for me, it managed to stop the pacing of the game. I often asked ""What am I doing?"" as I would try to figure out a plan and then lose my spot when the camera changed. If the camera changed slower, and was more clear as to where you just came from, and what angle, it wouldn't be as much of an issue. But as it stands, I'm not entirely sure how that would work.8/10 for the parts up until the gravity mod5/10 after a while with the gravity mod"
,Not Recommended,284460,27387698,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ice Queen,No controller support. Workarounds unusable. Would return if I knew how to....
76561198116231142,Not Recommended,284460,23355524,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MF DOOM,reminds me of mario because they are both boring
,Not Recommended,284460,25457647,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,McFrugal,"This could have been a great platformer if it weren't for the inuntuitive hitbox of the player character, the frustratingly short stun duration when shooting enemies, and the absolutely unforgivable checkpoint placement in some levels."
,Not Recommended,284460,13078169,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,b82a,"I saw reviews about this game as ""new generation of Defrag"" etc., but this game have nothing in common with defrag and i dont like it at all."
,Not Recommended,284460,25781371,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Boring
76561198135253488,Recommended,284460,30381183,Posted: 7 March,all,Jack Xiao Long,It didn't work10/10 would refund again
,Recommended,284460,30169252,Posted: 25 February,all,Zakku,This game gave me cancer.10/10 would throw controller again.
,Not Recommended,284460,23088899,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[HSOWA] Chip Of Dell,what is this garbage and when did i buy it
76561198189776031,Not Recommended,284460,29151504,Posted: 9 January,all,TheLegend27,Not really what i was expecting
,Not Recommended,284460,12688134,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,FINGERME,I love this game just played it and its awesome major Hardcore Parkour. But what i do hate is that everysingle time i play this game during the middle of the day the steam store is so filled i get kicked out of it and also the game is so filled that is lags so HARD but if u play at night you will be fine. dont buy this till they have updated this or if your a night player or morning player only!
76561198276963820,Not Recommended,284460,31029586,Posted: 8 April,all,thebasskitty,THIS GAME HAS ZERO CONTROLLER SUPPORTUNACCEPTABLE!
,Not Recommended,284460,31692283,Posted: 11 May,all,AlexMafia,"i bought this game assuming it would be good/fun, and it is but its built on unity dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
,Not Recommended,284460,31227088,Posted: 18 April,all,pallinkarvarusetti,.
,Not Recommended,284460,12566184,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DarkOwl,"Did you watch Tron:Legacy? Did you think to yourself that what you'd really love to play is a game with that aesthetic, but really floaty, sloppy controls, dull sound effects and punishingly precise platforming that you'll have to repeat over and over again? If so... well, this is the game for you!"
76561198086324511,Recommended,284460,30433056,Posted: 10 March,all,Toyman,you wanna get r*ped by lasers than this game is great for you
,Recommended,284460,30421290,Posted: 9 March,all,A Male,"This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet to be honest. The level design is literally one of the best if not the best designs I have seen. You look anywhere and you can tell that effort was put into it. When you look down at first you see a storm tornado type thing and you can assume your own theories. As you progress you can look down off the map and it will show the area you previously passed, kinda like you're climbing a tower. As for gameplay and what you have to do in the game it is smooth, a medium priced computer can run it pretty well, (i-5 4570k, gtx 660, 8gb of ram.) What's inside the levels is even better, its like a puzzle, you can feel you're progressing, you can feel that you are getting better at it. There are more and more mechanics added to the levels the further you get into the story, you can play as a speedrunner, or you can play slow as you want. It's a real good feeling when you're stuck on a part so long and you solve it without having to google anything. Makes you feel super smart. I do have to admit that to be decent at this game you need to have good movement and be good with a mouse, also the levels do get much harder so theres that, I like this because it makes it so you can't just skip through the game super fast you have to think (when you're playing through first time) To end this the game is just super beautiful and in depth I would defintely reccomend you get it."
,Recommended,284460,30473897,Posted: 12 March,all,Max,Perfect puzzle/parkour game! Very enjoyable if you are good at standard fps controls and have ok aim
76561198012507659,Recommended,284460,17088687,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,NewLeaf,"This is a pretty interesting little game that seemed to have popped up out of nowhere. It takes the the level design from Counter Strike surf maps and adds a platforming and shooting element with a clear emphasis on speedrunning. Whats really remarkable about its design is that it manages to do first person platforming justice. With open ended levels and a variety of failsafes after missing jumps, the player doesn't feel as if the first person angle is a liability. The shooting bits mix very well with the overall design of speed. And, while there isn't technically any combat, the targets and turrets act as a shooting gallery, turning a speedrunner into a speedshooter, keeping the player on their toes. In DeadCore, your eyes are just as important as your feet. A first for this emerging genre of ""speed runners""."
76561197992966531,Recommended,284460,17091535,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BobbyBick,"Great first person platformer with a cool soundtrack. Played it from start to finish and went back for the ""true"" ending because I just wanted a reason to play the game a bit longer."
,Recommended,284460,17397557,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,robotichead,Me run and jump good.
,Recommended,284460,17238294,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Brockpoltergeist,Great game excelent puzzles and story try to get the best times you can and all the logs. Overall it is just a great speed run game with a good story.
76561198055962561,Recommended,284460,17289802,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,commanderdoublej,"a lot of fun, the soundtrack add to the game"
,Recommended,284460,18010762,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bob Swagget,so much fun! it gets somehwhat hard and alot of trial and error. i got so mad and wanted to beat it so bad i had to keep playing... still havent beaten it! amazing 5/5
76561198082778525,Recommended,284460,18017130,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Vasteel,"Nice change of pace type of game from gun blazing to speed running platform. Great graphics and quite challenging right off the bat. The only thing that is annoying is the sense of 'footing' doesn't seem to exist, like when you look down you see yourself to see how much you're standing on a platform without falling off the edge. Its like playing a character who is totally invisable with a floating gun as if you are playing a ghost, but still able to fall. Plus it get a little slippery if you try to stop and theres also when trying to jump on another block while still running forward against the wall you can end up gettng hooked on those frame so that adds to the annoyance, not sure if its part of the mechanics but it does make the game very difficult.Of course I'm not much of a FPS player but I can feel more sense of the character playing Halo than this, but you get what you paid for."
,Not Recommended,284460,18016015,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MrRedMarshmallow,"Only buy this if you're a hardcore fan of this genre. I expected, going into this, that it would be something I could pick up and enjoy in my downtime as a casual game: it was not so. So unless you specifically love ""speed-running first person platforming shooters"", then don't waste your time or money on this game because it will be fun for a whole 2 minutes while you learn the basic controls...that don't even work."
76561198045973228,Recommended,284460,18003199,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Down Smasher,"Fast paced, hard as ♥♥♥♥, graphically stunning."
,Recommended,284460,18004673,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sideswipe,"I bought this game expecting it to be good, and you know what? I;m genuinely impressed a game which is as good as it looks. Its like a mixture between Portal and a hint of Mirrors Edge."
,Recommended,284460,17987932,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Chip [Team Hallway],"Good addictive game, should make it longer and add multiplayer. but otherwise it is fun"
76561198036489070,Recommended,284460,17977555,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,mikeday,"Whoa!!!  No other game has inspired me to write a positive review so quickly, after only 9 minutes of play!A great buy If you like fast first person movement games like Mirror's Edge.Update:  Want to add some detail now that I've played a few hours.  The sound and music is really good, controls snappy, level design is great.  Graphics give great atmosphere - reminds me of Tron Legacy and the vast sense of wonder and majesty I got from the huge looming hedrons in the Zendikkar block of MTG (especially Rise of the Eldrazi).  There are quite difficult parts but not horribly so, and when you master them and zip through them it is SO satisfying!"
,Recommended,284460,13426012,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Noi5eB0mb,"Quite a nice game, I love puzzles like this. Would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,284460,13416360,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,RinguPingu,An excellent first person platformer with tight controls and interesting levels. Special mention goes to the wonderful sound design!
,Recommended,284460,13801405,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,givingtnt,"this is honestly one of the best game ever. you can easely get into it for hours and have tons of fun !this is totally worth the money. steam sale or not for me its a must. simple, complex and mindblowing at the same time !"
76561197981291189,Recommended,284460,13722009,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Paulie (CZA) Co hrát?,"really fun game, it is like really fast Portal, without portals :)EDIT: alright it is NOT like a portal at all. there is so many logical and death traps which you need to solve and fast move through othervise you are dead. the game is fast, fun and you better dont play with small children - you will swear..a LOT... :)"
,Recommended,284460,13795965,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nappael,"Great looking platformer/FPS hybrid that is fun to play (although sometimes frustrating at first) and very challenging.It isn't completely without problems. As it stands right now there are some minor issues with edge detection, and due to the perspective and lack of visual cues, a couple of obstacles feel harder than they should be since you can't easily judge the size of your hitbox.Over time, you get a better sense of space and things become much easier. You also start to unlock new abilities which make the game feel faster, and it becomes really damn good fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,284460,13705400,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,treesloth,"Only played through the first level, but love it already. Great game, a fast paced puzzle with shooting elements that looks amazing.Runs really well on my multi-monitor Linux desktop, albeit it's quite a beast of a machine, nevertheless the Linux support is quite good. Doesn't feel like a second class citizen, even though the game was made with unity3d, a development tool that doesn't actually run on Linux."
,Recommended,284460,13746816,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,OOOOOH WEEE,"So much fun.  very creative platformer with challenging but rewarding puzzles.  just when you think you have a handle on the game, they add in another component."
,Recommended,284460,13739228,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[xD] Stan,"At first I was hesitant. What's so fun about running around? But from the first minute I was intrigued by the surroundings and just wanted to climb on for the sake of exploring. The puzzles are a nice extra. ;) (Honestly though, clever puzzles in there!)"
76561198036821403,Recommended,284460,13749748,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Roronoa,My first ragequit in 2015.10/10
,Recommended,284460,13761847,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bluk,"+ Simple game mechanics+ Pleasant gameplay+ Really challenging platformer+ Speedrun friendly- FPS & platformer can be frustrating, since you can't see your character and will get lasered- Gravity game mechanic will disorient youGo for it if you like to die a lot, it's a really good platformer."
,Recommended,284460,13768756,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Draken,"What an underdog! First person plateformer with sweet scifi graphics, polished movements, and very nice level design. You'll tear your hear out as you lose both your head and feet trying that double jump between laser beams, ragequit, then launch it again. Would compare it to a first person meatboy with more exploration (alternative paths) and a challenging speed mode."
,Recommended,284460,13782068,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,EnsignYu,"Excellent game if you like a challenge, because this game comes with one difficulty level: insanely hard. (Well, and a speedrun mode in case you thought dying hundreds of times per level wasn't enough.) With one part puzzle and nine parts reflexes, there's a lot of trial-and-error which makes it all the more rewarding when you manage to string together a perfect sequence of jumps; the game consequently demands an enormous amount of patience."
,Recommended,284460,13693404,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DreamSlayer,Absolutely mesmerizing. If you love portal then you will love this!
,Recommended,284460,13665362,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,m0s,"Again, too bad there's no ""Maybe"" option. Nice graphics, interesting concept (a mix between ""Jumping Flash!"" and ""Portal""), good learning curve... Although personally didn't get me hooked."
,Recommended,284460,13703276,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ClassicRagu,In the begining of the game its just a mindlessly easy game but as you continue to play checkpoints become further apart and the levels get progressively harder. I would highly recommend this game for its gameplay.
,Recommended,284460,13725612,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MrBlarg,"DeadCore is an interesting game. It's a super-fast, tight-controlling, first-person platformer.There are a few hidden paths and items if you know what to look for and even if you don't really care about speedrunning, it's great about forcing you to keep a steady momentum.It's definitely worth risking a few bucks to check out."
76561198027446195,Recommended,284460,13578642,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[DFC] Itnetlolor,"Is this a dream, or is this a nightmare? Your skill decides.This game is not for the faint of heart, be it with heights (especially if you have VR of some sort), or with precision-based FPS and platformer gaming. As many have stated, this will make you ragequit plenty of times; however, if you are sly, and on your toes, you can use the freeform restriction-less design to find a way around your problems. And who knows? You might stumble across a log, or enhancement, or a new path.I've had dreams like this game before. Style and such, and even overall brutality. I wouldn't mind finding more Trial Towers like this game. This is fun. Then again, I'm also a bit of a masochist for these kinds of games. Definitely a trip."
,Recommended,284460,13898880,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,FRxUndftd,Very cool concept. I only played a little bit and i'm already addicted! the only thing i would recommend is controller support. i know i know.. but sometimes i feel like playing a game from the comfort of laying in bed.
,Recommended,284460,13859149,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Duchess Gummybuns,"Really time consuming, well if I continued playing. But I got lazy. otherwise yeah this game was worth it for the sale. Really happy with it. Graphics and simplicity really give it a good vibe."
76561198056103980,Recommended,284460,13861401,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[{(SHIN})]---Waffles,This is the most fun I've ever had playing a game. Even when I fall I'm not upset. Like tron meets video games. I hope they have this for VR.
,Recommended,284460,14578688,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,mbradley1992,"Deadcore is fantastic for scratching that Portal itch. It is very similar in a lot of ways, and it is a great game for the price."
,Not Recommended,284460,14507189,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lionarith,"No controller support. Playing a fps game with wasd is a pain in the azz, in terms of playability and health issues. The game dev who decided against gamepad controls should be fired instantly and learn something about game design, intuitive controls and comfort while playing games which are obviously better played with analog sticks. Shame on you.I really like the idea, the art and sound design of the game but sorry, its ridiculous to play it like that, besides my hand already hurts after 10 minutes of play, i just couldnt even if i want to."
76561198077453050,Recommended,284460,14539967,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,IAmWater05,Extremely fun. Not much negative to report here. It's all pretty stellar for what it is. Never felt repetitive and it always felt like the stakes were being raised. Love the look and the Tron-esque vibe. Very fun game and well worth your money and time.
76561197997719847,Recommended,284460,14545754,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ehanig,I was amazed at how much i liked this game.  I was taken by surprise at how exciting and fun it was.
,Recommended,284460,14461766,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rankup plz,"This game is a genre on its own. It's a bit like Portal. So if you liked the Portal series and want a refreshed game? Try DeadCore!  The thing is that the game does not really have anything special other then some spells and powers. To the developers, i recommend putting more time into creating both more maps and maybe some extras such as:a Multiplayer mode.Suits - Like flying suits and gravity suitsMore weapons!More enemies!Anyway, This game is a great purchase, though, I am still waiting on more extras to come."
76561198075588830,Recommended,284460,15863104,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,b_turtle,"This game is fun in a sea of boredom.  A good balance of challenge and entertainment.  The graphics and sound are great.   I love the feeling of jumping/flying around in low gravity.  The only improvement I can think of might be to add a bit of story line to it, but I am happy as it is."
76561198025201294,Not Recommended,284460,15909666,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,TheCenturion,"While the concept seems very cool....the controls are too floaty, edges spit you off if you look at them wrong and the sound is garbage,  Just fixing the buggy sound on OS X would make this game miles better for me.  I could then at least get used to the weird quirks the game has.  But, when I have to listen to horrible choppy sound effects and music while trying to do difficult platforming sections......it makes the game unbearable.  I would rather listen to actual dubstep then that...fix that Developers and I misht be willing to change my review."
,Recommended,284460,16558430,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,stef111007,"Very cool game, a bit like Cloudbuilt or Portal."
,Recommended,284460,16459089,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,head-banger,"very difficult, rage creating game. i rage at least 20 times per level. fun game tho"
,Recommended,284460,16356790,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Evil Lord Kun,"A very nicely build game.An unique conbination of fps puzzle sci-fi combo,some times annoying,but over all the game looks feels and does what was meant to do.The donw side of this game is people cheat to get the best time,one example is 5 sec. for a 5 or more min ""room""."
76561198013076071,Recommended,284460,16392767,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,lordcirth,"Like watching speedrun videos?  Ever wanted to be that guy, but figured you'd never be good enough or have the time?  Well, now you can be that awesome speedrunner - and it doesn't take weeks studying to do it.  Every level in Deadcore is that ""best part"" of every speedrun video.  I didn't close this game for almost 3 hours after I started.Some other reviews have said that this game is only for ""hardcore speedrunners"" and that others should just watch the videos.  They miss the point - Deadcore lets you become a speedrunner in hours, and that's why it's awesome."
76561197993438004,Not Recommended,284460,16393159,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DACC,"First-person platformer with good controls and reactive movement.There are no difficulty settings, and the twitch skill requirements in later levels might discourage older gamers. In many platformers you can compensate for slow reflexes with strategy and memorization. DeadCore is stricter than most and hard checks against your ability to press a key at an exact time in deciseconds are commonplace (dang laser walls...).This is a solid game overall, and if you're confident in your abilities you can disregard this review. For everyone else this should be a ""maybe""."
,Recommended,284460,16364334,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kitsu,"That's game isn't portal but anyway it seems very similar.Idk why so many people believe that this game is hard. That's partialy true: complexity proportianally raised with your skills. Anyway at first time I completed it in 4 hours when the best one score was nearly 35 min.First of all minuses of the game:- Music. I don't think that it's suitable and also it bit annoying.- Game length. Just 4 hours, as I said.Despite all this, I really love that game:- Code is great. That's very rarely that some game with nice graphic don't freeze or lag on Linux- Level design. Oh, goddamit! Those're the best levels I've ever seen! For example I restarted first level and completed it with feeling that I finished another one. Hard to describe it, just as perfect as can be.- Graphics. It's good like at screenshots on steam page.- Visual design. Pretty futuristic style makes nice atmosphere."
,Recommended,284460,16395283,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mainkill1,"I was a huge death run fan in gmod.I figured my death run days were over when they shut down my favorite server... This was better.This game is awesome and it brought back some amazing memories.Around the end of the game, the levels became extremely hard, and the gravity shifting made my mind go wonky but the feeling of beating the challenge was amazing.Go fast, Aim true, Enjoy this amazing game.10/10, I wish for more."
,Recommended,284460,16395636,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wokzombie,Super Mario ain't got nothing on this.
,Recommended,284460,16402315,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sweet Phil,"You're in a strange place. A cloud of dust is forming beneath you and a strange formation of blocks is floating above you. 2 places devided by a grid of lasers. You can't help but wonder, what's above?Your goal is to reach the top of each stage, jumping across platforms, shooting at enemies and cursing at your screen.This game is a blast to play. If you like challenging platformers then give this game a go. The sound design is excellent and the music kicks in at just the right times. Replay value is also great, each level has different paths to take and loads of hidden collectibles.PROS:+ Great level design+ Excellent sound design+ Addicting+ Challenging+ Speedrunning support ( there's a timer on your gun and there's a special speedrunning mode )CONS:- None foundSCORE:|  [||] [||] [||] [||]  -  |4 sugar cubes out of 5"
76561197993359594,Recommended,284460,16404418,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Relatively petite falcon,"A fun little first person puzzle/action platformer with a futuristic setting. The puzzles/parcours are more dependant on reflexes and speed, rather than brainpower. Most levels have multiple ways to navigate them, each with their own challenges. It's got very crisp visuals and an ambient soundtrack.It's got a story but it's not the main focus of the game, as all of it is given in text logs that you can unlock and read at your leisure in the main menu by finding secrets. Personally i think it's a good thing because that way the gameplay isn't interrupted.The controls are a bit ""floaty"", your character builds quite a bit of momentum and the jumps feel kind of low-gravity ish but due to the level design that works in it's favour (although it takes a bit of getting used to if you played games like mirror's edge or portal)All in all I think it's a pleasant little game. Not extremely memorable but fun nonetheless. If you love doing speed runs then this is certainly a game for you."
,Recommended,284460,16371562,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TemperateWeather,"It's actually a very cool game, fast-paced, and fun gameplay. Interesting puzzles as well, but this game is not meant for those who suck at speedrunning.Yes, it is a difficult game, but so is Dark Souls and that turned out ok.I thought it was great with some good replay value, just beware that the game is not meant for those who suck at playing FPS."
,Not Recommended,284460,16388463,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,kozell_jozsef,"This game is irritatingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bad.Usually it wants you to have pixel-precise jumps and combos. If you die, you cannot replay the same path with the very same timing, something is always off, like when to double jump through a laser wall, even if the obstacle is fixed. Dashing takes you always horizontally, even if you look up or down (f*ck logic).If you don't like the whole concept of jumping around exactly timed obstacles, then DON'T buy.If you don't know what is a KZ map in Counter-Strike, DON'T buy. (If you know, then you already decided you won't buy this...)If you are hesitant: DON'T buy.This game is NOT fun. Not fun in the sense of:1) What the f*ck is the environment? (No backstory)2) Where are you going? (I know, up...)3) The map is nonintuitive. (Where should I go?)Do NOT buy. It is "" this should be taken off the store"" bad."
,Recommended,284460,13909948,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Filthy Peasant,"Lets keep it short, this game will make you rage, and is braincel genocide as you are poking your eyes out trying to see where to go next. There are people that will love that.. they will love this game. I like this game but I just can't finish a level in one go, it it real hard, and I love it, I just need to learn not to rage as mutch.Also do not play this game if you doon't like doing the same jump 5612 times then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,284460,16407093,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"It's a really tightly designed FPS platformer with speedrunning influences.  It's no-nonsense - has a very minimalist presentation and never holds your head, but gives you exactly enough to master the mechanics as they get introduced.  Once you get comfortable with the movement, it feels great to zip around the levels.  There's tons of ways to optimize routes and the level design is intelligent with a lot of room for improvisation.The aesthetics are nice - the palette is sort of TRON-esque with lots of neon blue and black, but they do an excellent job with the sense of height and scale.  I got sweaty palms more than once leaping around platforms with an infinite fall below.The music turns out to be a great treat (if you enjoy electronica).  Fits the game but also happens to be good on its own merits.I love this game."
,Recommended,284460,16412970,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DeFRaG,"First off, this game is not like Portal. I know people like to compare it to that game, but Portal is about space-folding puzzles, holds your hand, doesn't really allow for imagination, and is great for casuals. This game's puzzles is about timing, accuracy, imagination, and speed. It's like a horseback archery obstacle course on drugs. For those who are a fan of the FPS speedrunning community, this game is a must buy. If you ever played the DeFRaG/CPM obstacle courses for quake 3 arena, this is your game. If you circlejerked ""the cake is a lie"" for months with your friends, maybe check out a couple youtube vids before you decide.As for your tools: Instead of strafejumping, you have a limited amount of speedburst (upgradable through exploration). Instead of a rocketjump, you get a charge shot that will give you about a third of the height. You can sorta plasma-climb with it, but as of the recent patch it's been (deservedly) nerfed. CPM air strafing still exists.The puzzles and exploration aspect of the game are very well done and visually stunning, and require a clever mind on top of trial-and-error to beat. You get to keep your upgrades through playthroughs so each time you restart the Cycle you are stronger and faster (and have a better mind for the course; look hard and use your imagination - you may find shortcuts or ways to circumvent danger entirely that you didn't have access to before).As far as the story goes, there really isn't one (I haven't found all the collectables yet, there are hints that you find out more when you 100% the game) to speak of. The game is pure and simple - explore on your first playthrough, then compete on every Cycle after that. Its simplicity is what makes it great in my opinion; you are completely focused on the course.Wish there was a soundtrack version to buy."
,Not Recommended,284460,16452113,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,b.eveslage,Control sensitivity makes the game practicaly impossible to play
,Recommended,284460,16476672,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cerebis,"Fantastic gameplay, challenging puzzles, plenty of secrets/unlockables, plus a fantastic soundtrack. Definitly reccomend getting this game but would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,284460,16453536,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Transistor,"This Game is just amazing!Even though i play on low graphic settings, it is absolutely beautiful.The levels are challenging and entertaining, the idea is brilliant!Portal meets Mirrors Edge.I'm currently trying to speedrun this, because it's what this game is meant to be for, and I gotta say it really got me!"
76561198079236810,Recommended,284460,16454968,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MayoToast,"Fantasic parkour, sci-fi game!  I love the graphics."
76561198128609427,Recommended,284460,16459808,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ShinyBlue,"This game is a lot of fun.  It controls beautifully, and really ramps up the challenge to deliver a solid experience throughout.  The mechanics really come together to create scenarios where you have to be quick-minded and quick to react, with some sections simply requiring you to know what you're up against.  This creates an addicting flow to the game, like a first-person Super Mario Bros, but with a cool futuristic atmosphere.Be warned however, this game does modify gravity in specific zones, and the transitions into and out of these zones can be disorienting, especially at the breakneck speed some sections require.  It will take some trial and error to figure out certain levels, but with how fun the levels and the mechanics are this is not a bad thing.Also, after unlocking more abilities, visiting the first few levels allows you to collect more 'sparks', which enables even tougher sections to be unlocked.  These are very challenging but quite enjoyable, and gives it some immediate replayability.  With the unlocked abilities, simply exploring known sections and seeing what places in the level you can actually reach is also a fun exercise."
76561198044836525,Recommended,284460,16459905,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slaughtrec,"Can you spell ""SLEEPER HIT""!"
76561197972344946,Recommended,284460,16428678,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Matt R,"Extremely fun, and looks amazing! I'm so glad you can turn the graphics down a lot for lower-end PCs as well. I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves to explore and/or move as fast as possible through very challenging obstacles."
,Not Recommended,284460,16338678,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ntrf,After 40 minutes of gameplay i saw nothing interesting and nothing challenging. The only thing i did was shooting strange things producing robotic sounds while trying to figure out where to go next.
76561198013622995,Recommended,284460,16343598,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tzaphqiel,"This is a great platforming/parkour game for anyone who likes that sort of thing (think Mirror's Edge but with less emphasis on agile movement and more emphasis on equipment upgrades and route planning). Speedrunners will also enjoy this game as that is, essentially, the entire point.Those aside, this is another excellent first-person game that needs more attention. I highly recommend this game."
76561198043324388,Recommended,284460,16344624,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GreyLines,Get it the level design is awesome.
,Recommended,284460,16315970,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bonescripter,Great Sci Fi platformer. Love it 10/10
,Recommended,284460,16316940,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,...,20 minutes and im hooked ! its like quake 3 defrag 2015 :D awesome!
,Not Recommended,284460,19948069,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rubens Almeida,"Well, the trailer of the game made me think that this game would be awesome, but they bettrayed me. I was very disappointed with the game...The graphics are good, the gameplay features are cool, the background story looks great... But the background story doesn't really affect the gameplay. It looks like it was something like ""Hey, we made a great game. Let's just write some crazy stuff as the backstory"". It isn't really connected to the game......Also, the game most of the time was veeeeeeery boring.Most of the game is just ""press E in the right time"", ""shot the enemies and avoid the lasers"", ""jump on those platforms""... You don't need to think much to play this game. You just need to press the right keys in the right time.Also, it doesn't have action, or any cool boss..."
,Recommended,284460,19890865,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Venku,Fastpaced fun game
,Recommended,284460,19908154,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Exolyte,"Good platformer. The game introduces new mechanics regularly which keeps it interesting. The 5 main levels took me about 4 hours, your mileage may vary depending on your skill. There's a lot of replayability and extra levels if you're into speedrunning."
76561198042886155,Recommended,284460,19914474,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,yopd,"Where portal 2 is a puzzle game with platforming elements, Deadcore is a platformer with puzzle elements. Great game even if you are not a speedrunner. I suggest playing version 1.0 to experience the climbing bug which enhance the puzzle aspect by giving you endless paths to take."
76561197986984910,Recommended,284460,19997591,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Stormblessed,"Do you like Portal? Do you like surfing in CS? This game is all about movimentation puzzles, it's astonishingly good, the graphics are quite nice, creating a futuristic setting, there is little to no story, it's all about completing trials just to show the world how good you are."
,Recommended,284460,19997698,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,EvilMath,I macroed Speed Dash and Instant Respawn. The writing came off the keys.
76561198077325027,Recommended,284460,20284188,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gn Gnis Oey,Feels like you're playing Portal and Mirror's Edge at the same time
,Recommended,284460,20462668,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cpt. Jack Harkness,This is like the best game
,Recommended,284460,20535819,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Quirken,"Platformer. Part zen, part reflex, part frustration. Besides making a mental map of where to go, the challenge is mostly in stringing together multiple split-second reflex actions. This is broken up by many easier parts, hence the zen. It's actually pretty relaxing, up until you get to one of those ""do these six things in a row without screwing up once"" parts.I've been playing ~1 level per night. It's just the right size for me. I wish checkpoints were a little more frequent. It's by no means super difficult, but replaying some of the same sections over and over can get a little tedious. Usually it doesn't take longer than 15 minutes to get past a major challenge, but I prefer the more relaxed sections. If I want tougher platformer, there's stuff like Cloudbuilt for that."
,Not Recommended,284460,20577006,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Laggy McStab,"I had lots of fun with this game - up to a point. Not sure what happened... it just sort of started getting boring. I know this is really vague and disqusting feedback and review, but I think all of a sudden the puzzles started getting too hard and complicated, and I slowly lost interest. Don't get me wrong, I love puzzle games. This one appealed to me at first, but it began souring."
,Recommended,284460,20540123,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,angelsegg216,"Big and hard. There's no joke there. This game is big and hard. If you want a review or something, then it's like Cloudbuilt, but not as freeform and not quite as good. There you go, a proper review."
76561198017349280,Recommended,284460,20546819,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[SG]RooBeard,Simple game mechanics but a lot you can do with it.Just a really fun game and well worth the money
,Recommended,284460,19223986,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Wolfiieee Phantomhive,This game fiddles my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought from Lidl and makes me wanna have a good ol' piddle my diddle ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198005363769,Recommended,284460,18466541,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bubblytee,Minimal 3D platformer with some FPS mechanics. Designed for speedrunning but also enjoyable as an execution puzzle.
,Recommended,284460,18533946,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CatCrimes,"It's as rewarding as it is difficult, making this game fantastically addictive. Highly recommend it."
76561197968559405,Recommended,284460,18717294,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pie Face Poo Face,Needs Oculus Rift support...
76561198157036205,Recommended,284460,18516451,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,slmrojo,The game is challenging enough once you are good at is but in the beginning can be frustrating. You have to retry levels many times and there are checkpoints but they are far enough away from each other that they are hard to get to but not far enough away that they are extremely difficult to get to.Overall I think that this is a great game.
76561198006397665,Recommended,284460,18693458,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dec Lourious,"This game is the basic form of a complicated but speedrun game...I do wish it had level biulding as in portal 2... such if this is added then it should be named Quantum Construction level or QCL for short... or QC, Quantum Constructor...And maybe they should add a multy-speedrun... to see if you are faster then the other person...And maybe a multyplayer arena, this being this may change the game extremely...Does have the best graphics,but it may make your eyes will feel like lava but it will slowly calm down..."
76561198147975082,Recommended,284460,18436629,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sha2wMaj0r,"Cool game, but it's so hard. .-."
76561198008931531,Recommended,284460,18818852,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Abra Kadaver,"I normally don't enjoy platformer games very much.  Part of the reason for this is that I tend to be absolutely terrible at them, going all the way back to Super Mario Bro's.  The only reason I even picked this game up was because it was on sale and I had just recently had a hankering to replay the Portal Games (the only platformer I had ever truly enjoyed) but this caught my eye on the sale page.DeadCore is not Portal or Portal 2 or Super Mario Bro's.  There is no real story even if there are supposed tidbits of information granted through an annoying ""journal"" style system that you pick up as collectibles.  There is no protagonist or antagonist either really there are enemy bots of sorts, but thats about it.So do I reccomend it? Without a SINGLE doubt.  Why?  Because it absolutely gorgeous, it is fun, it is challenging, and it isn't all that expensive for what you get.  Buy it at full price or wait for a sale and buy it then.  But buy DeadCore and play it.I hadn't really realized one prime reason that I always get bored with platformers and drop them without finishing them.  And that is because generally if you fail in a platformer, if you make one tiny mistake, they throw a huge failure screen in your face, taunting you with your lack of skill, and eating up a comparitively huge chunk of time.  DeadCore doesn't.  It instantly respawns you and lets you try again.  Your spawn points in the game are mostly close enough that if you die you get set back, but not so far that you want to flip a table.  The sounds are great, the game is beautifully artistic and has a very cool Tron sort of feel with the way that lighting is done, and I died 975 times before I made it to the top of the tower without realizing it.  In most similair games they would take between 10-15 seconds for the screen to go black, taunt you with your death, go through some sort of animation, then maybe put you back in.  That would mean 162.5 to 243.75 minutes of cut screen.Thank you DeadCore for not wasting my time... I can proudly say as a non-platformer gamer I've completed it and may play the additional content in the future."
76561198070388094,Recommended,284460,18082761,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,♥Gambol♣,"Deadcore has to be one of the best PC gaming expreiences I have ever had. Think of it like a faster pace Mirros Edge, mixed with the puzzle aspect of Portal. I hope that some day this game becomes a popular E-Sport.THe game has some flaws, especially with the double jump mechanic.But overall, this game is pretty awesome.... Buy it"
,Recommended,284460,18079796,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,dannyz0rz,I have yet to beat it but great jumping game.  If you like story about my uncle or CSGO jump maps (kz) maps.  You will enjoy this game!
,Recommended,284460,18175944,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,FxckNelson,"Best description is Portal meets Temple Run, it's a first person platform puzzler with a gun you use on stuff. It's not always fast paced, but usually tense as hell. I'm surprised I don't mind dying as much as I do, cause it's just really fun and simple to play."
,Recommended,284460,12634386,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"Długo czekałem na taką grę od czasu pierwszego Portala. :D Jest to skrzyżowanie łamigłówki logicznej, prostej zręcznościówki oraz graficznego klona Trona. Szukanie sekretów dodaje tylko smaczku i zachęca do wielokrotnego pokonywania poziomów  - gorąco polecam! :)"
,Recommended,284460,12921922,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Togeee,"i have finished this game is 3,5 hours but i'm not close to done with this game.there's so much to find, so much to unlock, so many different paths to try and i just need to find it all.also the art style of this game is so amazing, you can look up and down and literally see the other levels floating around. the field of view and the attention to detail is so beautiful that i actually fell down a few times because i forgot i had to land somehwere instead of just fly and look around.this game is defenetly one of my favorite games i've played recently, no doupt about that.one thing it does lack is story. if you want to know the story of the game you have to read the lore pages you need to unlock. in one way it is a good concept of the game as in you need to play more to unlock the story but in the other way it doesn’t tell you when or how to unlock it. i’ve played trough the entire game and haven’t found all that many secrets in one go but i didn’t found out there actually was any lore at all before i already finished the game.thats all i have to say about the game, over all definitely worth the pricethis is a must play if you're into fast phase parkour"
,Recommended,284460,12654541,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Mad Mousse,Luckily I don't have vertigo.
,Recommended,284460,12663841,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,bigtallbill,"An excellent platformer, combining lovely visuals and responsive/fast gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veTdeysiNrw"
,Recommended,284460,12664982,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,FaNatic`,"Mind bending puzzle game, puzzles are unique, so much replayability with speed runs and unlocking differerent acheivements. Love find gems like this game."
76561198084935818,Recommended,284460,12674510,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Edman,"Very VERY intertaining, its like portal 2 but vastly more challenging with added abilites."
76561198158533764,Recommended,284460,12573365,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Stevosaurus,"Overall I liked the game. However It requires very tight movements and you will find yourself dying over and over, especially in the beginning when you are getting used to the physics of the game. But if you stick with it, it will become easier. I loved the tron scenery in the game. Also, the influence from portal is very obvious even the cube-enemys make a simialr ""WHyyyy?"" noise like the turrets.Just dont give up on the game if you find yourself dying a ton. You will get better. At times though, some aspects of the levels did  seem a little too hard. Overall, Its a nice speed running game that is very challening."
,Recommended,284460,12587757,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Azureless,"Tight controls and fantastic level design.A fast pace puzzle platformer, that really doesn't hold back.There is to some degree different routes to take, something that speedrunners will love,The game is quick to introduce challenges and difficult manuevers that are very rewarding.A must play."
,Recommended,284460,12589185,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,NakumaMatata,"After playing this game for a few hours, it's safe to say that not only am I horrible (at times) at it, but also that it's a very well crafted game. If you enjoy puzzle games, obviously like Portal in that sense, then you'll feel right at home with this one. For what it offers at it's low price, it's well worth it. Just buy it already!"
,Recommended,284460,12591782,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Tee-Lo Green,"Facepaced, challenging, fun, very speedrun viable."
,Recommended,284460,12568330,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mirakus,"This is a really good game if you are looking for a 3D version of Super meat boy.The name -Deadcore- is the title of the game and the best description for it.It is a very good mix of jump'n'run, shooting mechanics and good enough puzzles, it all flows together very nicely.One thing I have to say is - this game contains great hights. At one point I felt a little bit uneasy because it all happens so ♥♥♥♥ing high. And the scenery if beautiful.The Sound of the game fits perfectly. The metallic Clinks and Clonks create a very strange amtosphere, one which gave me a feeling of unease. But this was good, the game set the mood.It all comes together to a hardcore jump'n'run game with great hights and sound effects that fit very good to the whole game. A very good deadcore game with awesome gameplay!10/10 would fall and die again.And one more thing: If people complain about the difficulty of a game already called ""deadcore"" it really isn't the games fault."
,Recommended,284460,12594535,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,JZero,Great Platformer for people who can handle a little challenge. The music and aesthetic also achieve their aspirations.This game is at its best when everything clicks and you fall into a groove of fast reflexes and still realize there is a long way down.Overall a great experience but that maybe falls a little too much on the short side (as of writing I'm on level 4 of 5).
,Recommended,284460,12599309,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,E.K.M,"Imagine playing as scout from TF2, but with the ability to freely air-control your way around obstacles like those people you see jumping around in CS:S or CS:GO"
,Recommended,284460,13489903,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,durlemagne,"a very entertaining and rewarding fps platformer. if you've played FPSs for any amount of time, it shouldn't take more than 3 or 4 hours to make your way through this game. the difficulty is just right, with just the right amount of frustrating moments to keep it challenging without becoming too overbearing. if you played surf maps in cs1.6 back in the day, or have bunny hopped around a few quake maps in your day, you'll definitely enjoy deadcore."
76561198052271001,Recommended,284460,13830957,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Raikenseikz,"I snagged Deadcore over the holiday sale purely due to the interesting art even though I was afraid I'd hate it due to its platforming nature (I can't time a jump for my life).  I've put about four hours into it and thus far it is exploding my mind in the best way possible.The controls are intuitive, responsive and basically flawless.  The difficulty curve and level designs are astounding.  The game trains you (or me at least) at almost the exact rate to keep the game consistently difficult without ever feeling hopeless.  The puzzles and obstacles introduce new elements and re-use already introduced elements in new ways often enough that it never feels stale.I'll be the first person to admit that I lose patience while playing games quicker than most people.  However, to my disbelief, I have yet to transform into a rage-fueled beast of pure hatred or really get upset or irritated at all while playing Deadcore.  I'm going to attribute this to the instant and painless respawn, reasonable checkpoints and entrancing nature of the games music and art.  I should mention that the original reason I bought the game, the interesting art, was exactly as enjoyable as I had hoped.In summary I am really enjoying this game.  I hit play on a level and wake up 60-90 minutes (like I said I'm REALLY bad at timing jumps) later with my perception of time shattered, covered in sweat and filled with an honest sense of accomplishment.  My only critique is lack of controller/gamepad support, though I did read a post from the developer on the Steam forums which said they may add it in a later patch.  I don't mean to overhype Deadcore but all in all it's great game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,284460,15223374,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Loo,"Fun game, where you run for your life..."
76561198062229959,Recommended,284460,15342281,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Genterman,"fell from really high, landed on checkpoint, reset the checkpoint to the one I landed on.10/10 would fall and reset checkpoint again"
,Recommended,284460,15317380,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Monkii,GREAT GAMEBut its kinda short and after beating it i wish there was a higher difficulty setting.10/10would have fun again
,Recommended,284460,14519669,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Deano,"A fun, fast-paced puzzle/platformer. Combine your speed and skill to beat the obstacles along the way to the top of the tower (With some hidden collectibles around if you are the type for that).It brings a few standard mechanics (double-jumps, dashing and jump-shots) to traverse a seemingly simple world where, by traversing jumps, boosters, gavity wells and more, you must reach the top of the tower.Along the way, you will encounter a few enemies including turrets, deadly lasers and drones with repelling blasts to knock you off and fall to your death.What initially seemed like quite a simple game turned complex relatively quickly and when combined with the attitude of being the faster 'runner', offers quite a difficult challenge. Adding to the general progression of the game, you can return to earlier stages to complete other sections after learning a new skill.I would recommend to anybody really, it's a nice game to play despite getting slightly annoyed when you fail the same part 20 times in a row. Definitely look into this if you are a lover of speedruns.Gameplay: 9Graphics:   8Controls:   10Overall, 9/10"
76561198128355873,Recommended,284460,15297041,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Taziuz,"This game combines skill, speed, reaction time and puzzles into a beautiful blend with the enviroment to match.DeadCore gets never old.  Only by steam.Me I am a You Tuber and I make comedy stuff, come around and have fun :)Has received THE PING AWARDS 2014 for BEST PC/MAC GAMEHas received THE EUROPEAN INDIE GAME DAYS AWARDS 2014 GRAND JURY's PRIZEWhat do you want more ;)"
,Recommended,284460,15298090,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ryebread,super duper parkour puzzle
,Recommended,284460,16371269,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,transient,The most difficult game i've ever played. I love it!
,Recommended,284460,16371366,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Trigkon,"This may be the most challenging, punishing 3D platformer I've ever played. You not only have to be incredibly precise on your jumps, you also have to be at least a decent shooter. If you lack one of this qualities you will probably rage every five minutes.It is very difficult but also incredibly rewarding. Checkpoints are located at a good distance of each other so you will never lose too much progress.The tutorials are almost non-existant, and there were a few moments where I had to figure thing out via trial and error.Other than that, I loved it. For someone who likes 3D shooter-puzzle-platformers like Portal or the recently greenlit Inverto, I found the pacing to be perfect. Instead of throwing you some boring tutorial levels where it's almost impossible to fail, you get right into the action, and the difficulty spikes right away."
76561198041819251,Recommended,284460,16371941,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Alpinevelo,Bretty gud/10
,Recommended,284460,16374978,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,OxInBox,"I would like to start by saying I'm not a hardcore gamer. I don't do speedruns, I usually give up easily, and am quickly frustrated. Now for the reviewAs often stated, this is not portal. It doesn't try to be. It doesn't pretend to be. So let's just forget that and actually talk about what it is.Fun. Difficult. Awesome. A pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Now, while I have yet to finish the game, I can already dispute those who say the game is too difficult/doesn't have enought checkpoints. While this sounds rather degrading, it isn't the game, it's the players. The games takes a firm stand on who it's designed for: Those who won't shy away from a challenge. Sure, there are parts that are an absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but if you think about them and plan ahead, they can be done. And that feels awesome.Would I reccomend it to anyone? No. Whould I reccomend it to those who are looking for a challenge? Hell yes.And for those complaining about ""ambushes"" by the game: it's a game for speedrunning, of course your first playthrough will have surprises. Deal with it.+Graphics (Absolutely beautiful)Difficulty (Incredibly challenging, not impossible)Controls (Tight, tight, tight!)Level design (Often branching, allowing you to chose the type of obstacles you prefer)Art design (Nice futuristic look, easy to destinguish objects)-A few minor bugs, no game breaking ones that I encountered."
,Recommended,284460,16364926,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RobVaivodiss,"This is an incredible platformer! If you enjoy a challenge, then this game is for you. I haven't finished the game yet, but it is definitely fun! The visual and audio design is really good and unique."
,Recommended,284460,16369209,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,日,"The 3D version of Super Meat Boy.For everyone saying this is like portal they couldn't be further from the truth. This a truly hardcore challenge that is not for a casual gamer. The levels are well built and seem to be balanced, but are far from easy, trial and error is a must until you learn exactly what you need to do. Several parts are impossible to one shot without knowing in advance what to do.All in all a fun 3D plat former for those looking for a challenge. If you are looking for a casual experience be for warned and look elsewhere."
,Recommended,284460,14199056,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,AWSHOM,"A really wonderful, sometimes rage inducing first person puzzle game.More than thinking, this game is about timing and precision, much more frenetic compared to something like Portal."
,Recommended,284460,14121411,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Stabs,It's good...
76561198123355033,Recommended,284460,14127764,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sodacus Epicus,"A very solid platformer with a mysterious and interesting backstory and speedrunning support? For only ten bucks?! Well kinda...Deadcore's gameplay mainly revolves around you navigating through six levels of a massive tower called the Ziggurat. Along the way, you'll find powerups like a rifle that allows you to stun enemies and activate switches, a dash move, the ability to alter gravity in certain areas, and a radial blast that can act as a rocket jump. This, mixed with very solid level design (for the most part) and very nice graphics make this game worth the ten dollar price tag.HOWEVER, while the game has a nice and smooth difficulty curve for the first three levels, as soon as you reach the fourth level there's a rather large, and even a bit cheap at times, difficulty spike.The game begins throwing everything it has at you and expects you to keep track of pretty much every aspect of the area around you. Your timing has to be spot on, along with your aim, which can be a bit clumsy at times.But, I don't feel that this ruins the game's overall experience. It's fun, it's challenging, and I definitely recommend you to pick it up if you like platformers and a good challenge."
,Recommended,284460,14375257,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AiurAdun,"Really fun game,Expect a high death count and frustration in some areas, but when you figure out how to get past an obstacle it will be worth it"
,Recommended,284460,14378715,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,rmz,"DeadCore is action FPS platformer, think Portal but with Quake-like reflexes.  The game requires quick thinking, patience and twitch reflexes as you jump from platform to platform climbing a mysterious tower. It looks very pretty, sounds good and is quite fun if you're into this kind of games."
,Recommended,284460,14368334,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nWg. SC[m]STR,"This game is pretty cool. Good music, cool artwork, GREAT movement, neat overall game.UNFORTUNATELY, even with the great amout and style of hiding secrets, it falls a bit repetitive quickly.I'd put value on this game somewhere under the 5$ level. I really wish there was more here, but of what I played, I got bored very quickly for some reason.If you're wondering what this is, it's like somebody took the climbing (kz_ or xc_) maps from counter strike and made an entire scifi game around it and gave you double jump and a weird gun that shoots the /use command. There are one or two other mechanics, but thats about it. Also, has no airstrafing."
,Recommended,284460,14664351,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,yams,Tough but fair movement/timing-based puzzles... kinda like portal but without the portals.
,Recommended,284460,14749236,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Digger,"Good fun, lovin' it!"
76561198069523722,Recommended,284460,12590488,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zucchini,"DeadCore is a very unique game. It places an emphasis on ""speedrunning"" through its variety of highly detailed and mesmerizing tracks, which can become very challenging to the unexperienced player. The game teaches you how to play as you progress through its Tron-inspired world. This game is a really great example of an indie game done right. If you are a fan of games such as Mirror's Edge, Portal and QUBE, you will probably enjoy this excellent game. Well done, 5 Bits Games!"
,Recommended,284460,14842352,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DeuceBag,"Where do I start...Well here is what I will say. It is at first a bit frustrating, then it becomes challenging, then it turns into pure bliss and fun. When you start out the game, you are immersed into a beautiful world, a mix between portal, and a first person shooter (of sorts). It takes a few hours of practice and determination to get used to the way the world around you works, and the controls and when to time things.At this point you hit the challenging stages. A few areas in this game will make you cringe, because it adds your abilities together to complete them. It becomes unrelenting at one point, but it slowly and eventually turns into fun. Once you complete a play through you find yourself wanting to go and return to the game to complete a 2nd, 3rd, 4th etc. playthrough. You essentially strive to become a better player at this game. This game was also made in unity3d which is a fantastic program for game design.To sum it up, this game is a must buy for all players. It has a bit of RPG, Action, FPS elements to it. For the price they are asking, and for the length and beauty of the game it is worth every penny."
76561198116329074,Recommended,284460,14653506,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,insaintity,"Looks good, sounds good. Be prepared to just fall off blocks because micromovements and perceptions of distance are constantly wrong. Very first level is f'kn annoying.I had initially hoped there would be controller support for the Mac version. So far, there is none.The game is fun, the sound design lovely."
,Recommended,284460,14912129,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,treptow74,"This game certainly isn't for those who are new to the platformer/shooter genre, but it's one hell of a ride! It's easily now one of my favorite games I've played, and also to say one of the best looking games I've seen. It can get confusing with the level four addition (I won't say what it is), but it doesn't hurt the game. Overall, an easy 10/10 challenge that I'd reccomend  to almost anybody.As a warning, It's pretty challenging."
,Recommended,284460,13430717,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tribbiani,"can you climp the tower ...a nice game that chellenc you geming skills in a flying maze of  deficalt obstacles.beutifull, new thinking, hardcore.try it!"
,Recommended,284460,12987330,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Gear,"How the heck do i use blast? alot of people have this issue and nothing comes on tutorial. all it says is to use mouse2, but that's also to aim. put up some tutorials on how to do one succsessfully"
,Recommended,284460,13457098,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,☯UrKungFuNoGood☯,If you're a Portal or Mirror's Edge fan you'll like this game. Even if you are into skill jumps from Quake or UT this should be fun. As soon as I jumped the first time I knew I would like it. The controls are exactly how I hoped they would be.
,Recommended,284460,13458517,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Edgy,"Let me start off with a couple of statements:This game is fantastic. Everything about it is beautiful.But none of those things make it so great; what makes it such a fun game to play is how it feels, and I can tell you first hand it feels amazing.The flow and structure of the game is simple, yet beautiful; challenging, yet fun; and every second of it feels satisfying.If i havent sold you yet, let me keep going.If you think its linear, that its just a “walk through this, open door"" game, it all depends on what your approach is. You can walk a straight line and push through brick walls to find the end of the level, or take your time and find shortcuts to propel yourself forward. There are plenty of secrets to find, including music, even more levels, and lore.Speaking of lore, if youre looking for a story, youre looking in the wrong place. The games tutorial screens dont actually speak in coherent sentences, what little cutscenes the game has are pre-rendered and unhelpful, and they dont add much, but they definitely dont take away from the core gameplay mechanics which you should be focusing on. But on the other hand, some of said mechanics are actually explained through unlockable bits and pieces of text you can find.If youre looking for your moneys worth, then youre in luck. Apart from single-player campaign, it also has a speedrunning mode, for which you can choose a soundtrack from songs you previously unlocked in campaign.And what a soundtrack, too. Its a portal-esque mix of synths and electronic, and it goes well with each level. Youll see a red thunderstorm of lasers and lightning, and youll hear deep basses and dark grooves along with it. You come to a part where coordination is key, where its all about speed, and a drum and bass with a fast beat accompanies you as you race to the finish.In terms of level design, the game gives you plenty of mechanics to play with, most of which are beneficial. However, looks can be decieving, as youll be challenged along the way with a gravity field that isnt quite supposed to be there, or the odd boost pad that youll have to dodge at breakneck speed.Also, remember when I said ""play with""? I essentially meant ""Exploit"". This game has taught me to think outside the box countless times. Basically, if you think you can do it, you probably can.Speaking of thinking outside the box, youll be rewarded for awareness and creativity while playing. Sometimes youll be trying to figure out different approach to a solution, and ill see an unlockable that wasnt even there before. Sometimes even an entire different path to the end.In any case, this game is a beautiful mix of everything for casuals, but if youre in it for the long run, youll definitely be rewarded. At $ 4.39, this is a steal. At $10.99, you definitely get your moneys worth plus a bit more. Recommended."
,Recommended,284460,13620567,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,undee,"This one is a nobrainer. Haven't had this much fun in a game since Portal 2!Plus: Graphics are good, atmosphere is even better. 8/10."
,Recommended,284460,13626536,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Denzophage,I usually do not take my time to rate games but this particular one is quite different from the norm when it comes to platformers. It is fast paced and leaves you guessing at any given point in the game but at the same time you have a path in front of you. And you know at any given time there is exploits to get to the end faster and even locked paths that you could venture on to but on your first playthrough you are just locked into the experience of the game.Over all I would give this game a solid 8.5/10It has its buggy moments and can be EXTREMELY frustrating when it comes to trying to nail the nuances of a particular run but its HELLA satisfying when you do it and never have problems on it again... sometimes...
,Recommended,284460,13605651,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/xeropeace,"Simply amazing from start to finish. I died 308 times and not one death stopped me from respawning and trying again. I didn't get every log, song, or orb because there are multiple paths and I was simply driven to go for he top instead of exploring."
,Recommended,284460,13590803,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tiikuri,"Want a challenging game? This is it. This game will make you spew profanities while trying to get past a really tough spot. Even though the game is at times immensely difficult, it doesn't feel unfair. You always know, that if you try hard and long enough, you'll make it."
76561198073886552,Not Recommended,284460,14186386,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,grendoth,Worst save/checkpoint desgin i have ever seen in a game. I fell from really high up and i landed on a lower part of the level only to have my checkpoint overwritten by an earlier part of the game....why would anyone think that this would be a usefull mechanic/feature? I am no longer in the mood to climb my way all over again just so that this may happen again. 1/5 rating. Such a dissapointment for such a promising game.
,Recommended,284460,14192822,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Aspen_Deer,"It's a great game. Absolutely amazing visuals. Pretty good gameplay. Leaves you satisfied when you finish a level. I do have to warn you, though.There are a few parts in this game that will make you want to rip your computer in half. They make you go through this really hard section in the game that takes quite a while to get through and then once you finally get through it (after many failures) they don't give you a checkpoint until after ANOTHER difficult section. Or once where you go through another difficult and long section where you need to use alot of your ammo and then when you reach the end of that (most likely with little or no ammo) they still don't give you a f***ing checkpoint to refill, forcing you to restart and do the whole d**n thing over again.So, yeah. A great game, but has some seriously frustration-inducing parts"
,Not Recommended,284460,14367186,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,tr00per,"There is no sound or music on Linux in-game, but intro/logo cinematic plays OK. A Mystery!"
,Recommended,284460,14395470,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[mXc]The Deviot,"Deadcore is another exercise in first person puzzle platforming.  It mostly succeeds. It tasks you with climbing a giant tower filled with technological terror. It slowly ramps up new challenges as you get farther up the tower, with the last few stages getting very difficult.  Part Metroid Prime, Part Portal, Part Mario Galaxy, this is an under the radar release that you should take the time to play. Especially if you're attracted to Sci-Fi, and high challenge. The game isn't flawless, as there are some minor bugs. But it compares quite favorably against other puzzle games of its ilk. (Full Review:https://commaeightcommaone.wordpress.com/2014/10/26/deadcore-review/)"
76561198140719958,Recommended,284460,14514926,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,psyche129,"This game is a hardcore platformer speedrunning title. I didn't like it because I don't particularly like that genre. But don't let the tags fool you. I am a fan of FPS, so when I saw the FPS tag I thought ""Cool! A platform shooter! Sounds good"" and bought it. I suppose it is a shooter but it wasn't what I imagined it to be. Instead of jumping around while shooting enemies you end up jumping through increasingly difficult levels until you get it right. It's satisfying when you do, but frustrating if you don't. However, if you like these kind of games its pretty good, so I'd give it a go."
,Recommended,284460,13234274,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Snarley88,This is a great gem of a game. It constantly supprised me
,Recommended,284460,13290908,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TheDance,"The people who complain about this game's difficulty miss the beauty of this game. This is by far one of the most spectacular looking games I have ever played. Three words come to mind when I look at the background: Godly, Heaven, Futuristic. It is still challenging but not impossible. It is not rare to die 5 times to get past one obstacle just like the original Mario games, but you will be able to get past them eventually. You may not even have to get through the obstacle the way the game wants you to. By that I mean, the way you solve the obstacle is very flexible. You can often go around, above, or behind your obstacle and there are even multiple paths to your ultimate destination. This game has no story, but it doesn't need one because the journey is the experience. I beat this game just now and it was an incredibly fun game."
,Recommended,284460,13227921,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,JIMFO.LIT,The fast platformer puzzle robot drum n bass game
,Recommended,284460,13091597,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Alienforce2k,"Now, I haven't myself finished this game yet, although I can already see how awesome it is, so I am writing a review. First of all, the game has really awesome graphics, which is something I always look for. Then, the levels are very big and challenging, which is good because it makes the game last so much longer. Then, you can also compete with other people for the best times on courses, just to show off your skills. All in all, the game looks great! The only thing I don't like isn't even in the game, which is how the trailers don't really explain what this game is about. So, for those wondering: You are a person who is essentially trying to escape a tower by climbing to the top AND solve the mystery of why it's there in the first place. Anyway, this game is really cool, and is worth your ten bucks. (Be warned though: It gets REALLY hard, REALLY fast!)"
,Recommended,284460,13192860,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sarynderpity,"Incredible level design and art direction, fun mechanics and platforming. I'm barely halfway through the game and I already find myself having criminal amounts of fun and swearing at my monitor like I just caught my computer banging my wife.Not for the faint of heart. You'll need to take breaks when you catch yourself getting so mad that you can't concentate.Highly recommended. 9/10, if only because there's a couple of EXTREMLY anger inducing puzzles, that fall short of the definition of puzzle and skyrocket right into ""obnoxious gauntlet"" category."
,Recommended,284460,13176211,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"3D platforming meets first-person shooters, with very Tron-like graphics. DeadCore is a game about a featureless character attempting to climb a tower, with the help of a gun that triggers switches and temporarily disables enemies, and various platforming maneuvers, including double jumps and midair dashes.The concept is definitely rather unique, and combined with the gameplay, DeadCore really feels like a one-of-a-kind game. And for the most part, I think it is fairly well designed; levels are beautiful and challenging, and despite the short length, the game encourages replayability through speedrunning and hunting for hidden secrets to uncover the story's mysteries.Admittedly, the game will probably make you tempted to quit in frustration at certain points, as various puzzles require very precise timing and positioning, and thegravity shifting puzzlescan beextremelydisorienting. But if you find yourself able to stick through it all, I think that, despite the short length, the game will have been well worth its cost.Note:caution is advised if you have high sensitivity to motion/get dizzy easily."
76561198022636031,Recommended,284460,13983349,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,intradimensional,"Prepare to be left disorientated and without direction.  You will be expected to perform bionic feats in a dark, unforgiving setting.  You will get sliced by countless lasers and not know what you did wrong.  You will be expected to execute a series of precise steps to get a higher point where you will have to immediately react to a new impending threat on your journey up and around a mammoth tower.  Thankfully there are many save checkpoints but not as often as you might wish.  Keep trying, refine your strategy and you will get better.  So far I haven't had to check for youtube walkthroughs to progress.  The music, sound effects, graphics and controls are all put together well.  I particularly like the soft gravity mechanics.  This one will leave you with sweaty palms. 8/10"
,Recommended,284460,13666520,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Archagon,"Tricky platforming, branching paths, tons of secrets! Feels very old-school in the best possible way. As an old-school FPS player (non-competitive), I never really had too much trouble getting through the levels; sure, some of the checkpoints were somewhat annoyingly spaced apart, but I rarely died more than a dozen times while trying to get through a difficult area (and that only happened a few times in the whole game). Most of the time, it was an utter joy zooming through the vast, contiguous spaces and navigating the difficult spatial challenges. It reminded me of the sense of flow you felt once you got good at a level in Super Meat Boy.Only major issue so far is performance: running on my 2013 15"" Macbook Pro (i7, Nvidia 750m) under Bootcamp, I have difficulty keeping a constant 60fps, even on low settings at 720p. In fact, in the level I'm in now, I'm hovering around 30-40fps. Not sure if this can be fixed or if it's inherent to Unity, alas...EDIT: I've since found the custom settings, and can now play through most of the game at 60fps with most settings on medium and a select few on low. There are a couple of problem areas, but they're few and far in between."
76561198071828090,Not Recommended,284460,13991780,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Bakoniz0r,"This is technically a competant platformer game, and the visuals are absolutely stunning. The game is capable of making you think outside the box a little to beat certain puzzles, which is really cool.So why don't I recommend this game? Well, this may be a personal thing, but I felt that this game fell into the pitfall that a lot of these type of games do: Just because you have trouble on the last in a series of puzzles, you will need to replay the previous ones over and over and over and over and over and over and over again, to the point where, to me, it genuinely stopped being fun or interesting. It quickly went from a game of thinking to a game of repeating stuff I've done a dozen times just to get yet another shot at the one part that was actually giving me trouble.I didn't hate this game, since when it played fair, it was genuinely very good. But it got far too frustrating for me since I simply hate having to repeat things I've already completed. I'd gladly play a sequel that doesn't do this."
76561198057603901,Recommended,284460,14005756,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Swell Foop,"This game is as itense as it is enjoyable. it's an exhilarating thrill ride bouncing from platform to platform, dashing and dodging your way through lasers and moving walls, all the while activating and deactivating various parts of your environment with a shot from your rifle thing. The beauty is in the difficulty, jumping and double dashing while simultaneously trying to acuratley hit all of the activators you need to, all the while being chased by cubes that can knock you clean off the level is nsane, and the experience is completley worth it. Reccomended very highly."
,Recommended,284460,13934584,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Stafa,"Fun first person platformer with amazing visuals. Gets very difficult, kinda like Super Meat Boy but 3D."
,Recommended,284460,18034636,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Vin Diesel,"Wow! Really cool game: grapfics, audio 10/10.Reminds Story About My Uncle."
,Recommended,284460,18031679,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lelouch vi Brittania,"Its a nice , very futuristic gameLove it so much!9/10"
76561198178949937,Recommended,284460,18031911,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,SPARTANG217,"With a challenging style, great physics engine, and a deep hidden story, Deadcore is an incredible buy. If you like portal or half life, then this game is for you."
76561198036566840,Not Recommended,284460,18645899,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bones,"In the beginning its fun, but it fast becomes excessively repetitive having to repeat sections only to fall at the last hurdle each time, before a respawn point. Shame because it has good visuals."
,Recommended,284460,13650668,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sergeant Conway,yes. perfect. 10/10
76561198083813449,Recommended,284460,21534346,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Flying Peanut,"lends a whole new meaning to ""do or do not, there is no try"""
,Recommended,284460,21704779,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tre0n,"Solid, fun, fast-paced FPS platformer. Recommended if you like trying over and over again to beat your own times.The single-player ""story"" is also a surprisingly engaging time. The whole series of levels are platform puzzles surrounding a massive tower, and as you progress, you end up climbing higher and higher, able to look down at the levels you did before. It's actually really cool, and the devs seem to have put some proper effort into the game's atmosphere -- it really sucks you in sometimes."
,Recommended,284460,21694066,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DickPays,"It's a fun and interesting game, but you can't beat the 4th level, because the gravity keeps breaking on you, and not keeping you on the level of gravity you need to be on to beat the level or to even progress...."
76561198074939767,Recommended,284460,21673922,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MaximusHawk,"A very fun game. A good mix of parkour and platforming with an FPS type feeling to it. It's challenging without being straight out annoying, and the level designs allow you to sometimes find your own path instead of following the meant one. Also, since there's no downside with death besides going back a little ways, it allows to explore. And it's a gorgeous game.However, there are a few con'. Some of the level designs require precision, while the mechanics aren't meant to be precise, making deaths sometimes a little too common. Because of this, you often spend more time looking at the ground to see where you're going instead of the amazing looking world. And the difficulty curve can be a little much at times.However, it's still an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,284460,22033821,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SartekChaos,"So, for everyone else complaining about difficulty, the learning curve becomes difficult after level 4 (because I understand that switching gravity is no joke), and the game can take around 4 hours and once you master it, in less than an hour; I love it, it's extremely well done, nice reactive movement control, there is plenty of room for shortcuts to skip puzzles once you get used to the environment, you can actually kind of fly, dash through the sky most likely, play with your momentum during mid air, which is more noticeable in the big final level.This game is not just for fps speedrunners, you can take your time and that's what I did, I actually got 25 hours because I was afking, but completing the game with achievements (this game is my first, i'll tell you), takes around 15 - 20 hours top, also the achievements are not some grindy bullsh*t like in many other games, in fact they are challenging and you will get half of them during your first playthrough.It's highly advisable to make speedrun maps AFTER de main story (getting all the songs is a plus but some during speedrun are just meh), also it's vital to learn how to use blast jump (however I  didn't know that there was a Blast upgrade until my second playthrough lol) it's as difficult as using ""speed boost jump"" from super metroid, timing your blast to the floor and jumping at the same time it's a bit ticky.Oh finally the soundtrack... Sweet soundtrack for the most part, really atmospheric, I would recommend ascension (20 minute long song from level 5) at around minute 0:10:00, best part in the whole game in my opinion.I hope 5-Bits games make another indie title as good as this one."
,Recommended,284460,22012939,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Darkistic,"I love games like this, despite their occasionally infuriating nature.Recommended to those who enjoy time trials and challenges such as Source engine surfing, bunny-hopping or rocket jumping. Though Deadcore doesn't offer the same mechanics exactly, it brings the same kind of feel and difficulty to a game that is more similar to Portal 2 (in style). Also some exploration is required for (full) completion as there are collectibles throughout the game and multiple paths to be found.Something I noticed in the negative reviews was that the game was ""hardcore"" in difficulty and that sometimes failure was unexplained. I just wanted to say that firstly, the difficulty is no extreme when compared to the Source challenges described above but obviously don't expect to do everything first try. For me, having to have multiple attempts is part of the fun. It describes itself as a speedrunning game, so you would expect to have to figure out the fastest way to do each section. As for dying without reason I have no idea what they could be talking about. Red lasers kill you. Sometimes you get moved into them but you can plan to avoid those things (i.e. some enemies or obstacles). Everything is easy enough to figure out.It's got a nice distopian theme that the 'log' collectibles help to build (despite the fairly unrefined writing). The story is only really told through these 'logs', and nicely leaves a lot to the imagination. Good music and visuals. The lot.The main game only takes a few hours to complete - other levels are unlocked by finding 'spark' collectibles in the main game which will give you a lot more playtime and are better as time trial challenges compared to the main levels. After finishing these also, I was half expecting there to be a level editor but there was no such thing. I feel games like this benefit greatly from community made levels but unfortunately it was not the case here.However I would say Deadcore was worth the money anyway for someone as described above(as somebody who never really buys games unless they're on sale (I got it for £1.99))."
76561198111147812,Not Recommended,284460,21011459,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lordmoon299,Right after you get the boost the third chalenge is impossible
76561198090135768,Recommended,284460,20981947,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,js-pah,Gotta go fast... gotta shot even faster
,Recommended,284460,16353091,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DJ Arghlex,"Definitely worth playing for a few hours. Plays a bit like Portal but instead of being underground in a labratory someplace you're miles above clouds, where one misstep spells death.Loads of fun."
,Recommended,284460,17731433,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,S_Shinkir0,"Fast-paced, quick thinking, smooth graphics and textures, lots of replay-ability. Would definitely recommend this game.No story but once you start playing you will see you dont need it.Would highly recommend using a keyboard and mouse.Game-play 9/10Graphics 9/10Price 5/10Replayability 8/10OVERALL 7.5/10 - Great purchase ONLY when on sale."
,Not Recommended,284460,21041474,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Riflemann,"A great start and an utterly terrible finish.This game starts extremely strongly but fast, reactive play is soon replaced by a boring grind of trial and error. When the terribly implemented gravity puzzles came into play I knew there was no coming back.Fortunately the game came with a timer so I can at least refund. A real shame."
76561198035414659,Recommended,284460,12544279,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Icarus,"Portal meets Cloudbuilt....The game looks fantastic and functions very intuitively, even while ratcheting up the intensity without making you hate your life. I'd play it on Oculus Rift if I weren't so afraid of heights. Just...One...More...Checkpoint...!!!"
,Recommended,284460,21097603,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Pistol Yeet Maravich,ive died so many times i now fear boxes thank you 11/10
76561198179154095,Recommended,284460,21359165,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KungFuDynamite,Very good game with very challenging levels after you get to chapter three.Pros:Good graphicsChallenging gameplayUnique parkour/fps styleGood value for moneyCons:It doesn't have grabbing elements to it where if you're falling you can grab the side of the wall or whateverIt doesn't have mod supportIt can get to a stage where everying is TOO hard but that just adds to the value for money in my opinionOverall it's a very good game and I would reccomend it to anyone with a bit of money sat aside.
76561198105019169,Recommended,284460,21646951,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Twisted Rhythm,"20 hours so far. Went through the game twice. Got all the shiny, floaty things. Played around with the physics quite a bit. Took lots of screenshots from start to finish. Game has a well-crafted atmosphere, fun music, and misunderstood polyhedrons that have been cursed by an evil deity with repulsive personal shield barrier devices. Never shall they know love... So tragic.At $10, this game gives me a happy. Thanks five French dudes, I look forward to future releases.P.S. Don't get this game if you hate problem solving. It's a problem solving game with emphasis on reflexes."
,Recommended,284460,21907374,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,εїз𝑒𝓎𝑒𝓇,"This Game is Great...That's the least I can say about it...It's kind of like Portal on Crack, With Great Replay Ability. I'm terrible at writing reviews TBH, but I would give this game a solid 7/5"
,Recommended,284460,22169032,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Highly frustrating at times, but rewarding. A very pretty, fast paced platformer that feels like a cross between Tron and Portal."
,Recommended,284460,25238665,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Anomalous Qualia,"Can be difficult but it is a very fun, fast-paced, and addicting FPS platformer. There's a very exhilarating sense of freedom as you soar through the air. You feel like an epic parkour ninja as you make your way through all the obstacles this game throws at you."
76561198138706627,Recommended,284460,19797062,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Pingyoping,"Very Fun but difficult. Yes I know, I know I havn't played the gmae that much. Mainly because my PC lags a lot while playing it. But in the time that I did, I thought it was nice. This is a game for people with fast reflexes, if you don't have fast reflexes.... well.... then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,284460,20162614,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,b0xors,It's like Portal on crack. Buy it now!
,Recommended,284460,23784195,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zastarx,Fun game. Wish it was longer as it took me about 3 hours to complete. Platforming feels great and the skills you learn as you progress through the game prevents it from ever being stale. Great value for how cheap this is.
,Recommended,284460,23780929,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,uvu Rawr XD,This game beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me but finishing it is pretty satisfying. Would recommend to any perfectionists.
76561198069587448,Recommended,284460,23781352,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Heart Gay Name,"After one almost 4 hour sitting I can safely say that this game will immerse and engage you...right up until the enemies that push you around bring all pacing to a violent tooth grinding sphincter clenching halt. The levels themselves are quite nice and the game looks great. The puzzles are quite fun as well. However, when you need to complete them n number of times in the hope that all things will align just so is a little maddening. Yes you can time the puzzels themselves, its just the enemies that are unpredictable and will bounce you off the course. Sorry, it's late, rants done. So yes buy it, especially on sale."
76561198037823316,Recommended,284460,23622199,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tigershark2nd,Iv'e played through this game a couple times now and I plan to keep playing it. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,284460,22385199,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SpiriT*Fox,simply amasing.
76561198053913952,Recommended,284460,22514226,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Tempomies,It's good game very addictive but you dont know what level are you going on sometimes im compeletely lost on what level is going what is happening you just go forward knowing what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening around you. On my opinnion its fun to play. It also take some skill to play
76561198054698064,Recommended,284460,22785028,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Button,"Once I became accustomed to the mechanics of this game, it became WAY more fun. Just hang in there fellow DeadCore-ians, it gets much better with second and third replay.10/10 would recommend."
76561198120235577,Recommended,284460,22911592,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Reflex,"Love this game, took about 6 hours to complete so a very great value for the length of game.Great fpp (first person parkor) game. 10/10"
,Recommended,284460,13152704,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TRYER,"Parkour fans, eat your heart out. If you do't like Parkour, you will still love this game, like me. Race to the top, collect music, upgrades and beat other players times. Has that 80's retro TRON vibe and has a collection of music to listen to. Drum & Bass, Techno, AmbientA game that is great for Portal and Tron fans. Worth $10 - $30 imo and 4-5 STARS"
,Recommended,284460,22965278,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ryvendal,Gives you nice portaly feeling except all in all the game is nothing like portal.9/10
,Recommended,284460,22695550,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/skim57magnum,"Amazing game, its intense and is extremly fun. if you are not good at acting in an instance, this game isnt for you, it is very fast paced and requires good accuracy, anyway, it definatly worth the munny!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,284460,22752232,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"I enjoy it for what it is. If FPS platformer sounds up your alley, you'll probably ejoy it, but dont look for much depth beyond that."
,Recommended,284460,22950659,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sin,"A very well made speedrun focused first person platformer. The graphics are appealing, the movement feels great and it has some very satisfying levels. It took me about 3 hours to complete the campaign of 5 levels (time will vary for a game like this of course), but there is replay value added by the speedrunning component.If you don't like dying a lot and gradually perfecting your route, DeadCore probably isn't for you. If you are at all interested however, I would recommend picking it up considering it's price."
,Recommended,284460,22871931,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Casual Cthulhu,"If you enjoy ""jump maps"" in any FPS than this is the game for you.  A first person platformer with a cool aesthetic and buttery smooth movement!"
,Not Recommended,284460,20462291,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"Yeah, this game got repetitive because of how boring it got after the first level..."
,Recommended,284460,24351189,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Air5triker,A very fun an difficult jump and run game :)The difficult increases with the stages and it has very diffrent levels.Thats why it is always interesting to explore new jumping and puzzle levels.Buys it if u like casual jump and run games! It is the best i have ever played :)
76561198168713726,Recommended,284460,20901787,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gunin98,"Really great game! I ejoyed every bit of it. The parkour style levels are really cool, they're just challenging enough to always keep you working hard, but never so much so that you get discourage. There's not a ton of story in it but honestly I didn't even notice it. Great game, definitly worth it's price."
76561197993270833,Recommended,284460,17822603,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Max80-7,"You remember that abstract Mirror's Edge DLC? Yeah, neither do I...Rating: 8 out of 10, this game is built on interesting puzzles backed by an excellent electronic soundtrack. But, the blatant lack of content may contribute to resistant buyers..."
,Recommended,284460,15946922,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Faizyr,this is a speedrunner's dream game . a must own
,Recommended,284460,16745569,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Chdata,Error 202: AcceptedError 100: Continue
,Not Recommended,284460,16783912,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,#NotMyBoi,"A fairly glitchy platformer that attempts to have a plot. While it was fun, it wasn't that great of a game."
54321567890044645,Recommended,284460,16998560,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,J..,"I am very much enjoying this game, it's a moderately abstractly set platformer with a very pretty environment and many different strategies can be used to climb through the mazes. The puzzles and collectibles are good.Buy this, you will not regret it.7-8/10"
,Recommended,284460,17070789,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zaulk~,This game is much harder than Dark souls in my opinion. Its fun but wow is it hard. If it didn't have so many checkpoints it would be terrible.
,Recommended,284460,17016572,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,✔️Horse ebooks,cool♥♥♥♥♥game
76561197984312504,Recommended,284460,12623750,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FPS-Doug ✪,good bit of fun
,Recommended,284460,12854688,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Caldorian,"I got this game on a Steam deal and wow, I'm impressed. Normally I don't like these mini puzzle games but this one is really good. There are some areas that are pretty hard but not impossible which I like for a good FPS platform puzzle. If you are looking for something to pass the time till GTA V is released on the PC, give this a shot. It's pretty good. :)"
76561198127703074,Recommended,284460,12947388,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cirkus Cirquis,"I don't normally write reviews for games, but for this one, I felt it was necessary. Before I go into the negative parts of the game, let me start with the positives.First off, the graphics of this game are absolutely stunning. I have not run across a game this beautifully detailed in a very long time, and the design and layout of the game is truly very beautiful. The game also incorporates two themes that I love, Tron and Portal. The game has an almost Portal like feel to it with the gun and the linear ascent, but not so much so that it feels like copying, and the world has an almost Tron-like design to it, so that's something that I greatly enjoy as well.However, and this is a big however for me. The controls are very very very sensitive. The small platforms make maneuvering difficult, so I'll just say that first. You have to be ready with the spacebar and the respawn key while you are runing on those narrow platforms. Unfortunately, what makes matters worse is that the controls are hair-trigger sensitive. Press the right arrow key just slightly and you're suddenly plummetting into nothingness, and have to restart from the spawn point. Your jump key is also very powerful, launching you ten to fifteen feet at a time. While this can be a lot of fun, it is also a cause for a great amount of frustration. I also find that the camera is very sluggish compared to the controls, no matter how much I change the sensitivity of it, which makes it very hard to watch where I'm going.All in all, while the game is fun and can get very immersive, the controls make it painfully difficult to play, and give me a severe amount of frustration. I do reccomend it, but just be warned that you might get stuck for a while on certain levels, so be wary."
,Recommended,284460,20342173,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Klimb,"A game designed for the speed demons and speedrunners. With physics that resemble the original Portal, bunny hopping is NOT possible in DeadCore, however, flying through the air at high speeds has never been more fun. Recommended to those who like to abuse movement mechanics from games like Counter-Strike, and other Source/GoldSrc engine games and of course the Quake engine. Not an ugly face either.Since apparently all reviews must give an arbitrary score of some degree, I will give DeadCore a score of 8/10"
76561198059782577,Recommended,284460,20312432,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Corbo_Sweeney,It's like portal meets parkour and is overall very enjoyable.
,Recommended,284460,25220931,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Discreet Noob,Very fun and visually engrossing obstacle course that is a bit short but very fluid and fun ride.
76561198155510599,Recommended,284460,25137186,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ZombieTurret,"My only issue is textures and it needs a bit more polishing out but otherwise is a very fun, fast paced game."
,Not Recommended,284460,25932535,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Huyo,Controls are bad. Getting stuck on edges is common.
76561198075302230,Recommended,284460,25909854,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,cyko22,i don't know about long term but my first impressions of this game were so good i'm literally giving it a thumbs up no matter whats to come. its a cool concept and its fun. i love the visuals. its been years since a game has actually facinated me like this one
,Recommended,284460,25627384,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Basement Dweller,Very good and beautiful game!Lost my nerves on some levels XD
76561198042638658,Recommended,284460,25621093,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,markoS,"Very good game, sometimes frustrating when I couldn´t pass and than I realized that there is another easier way :D"
,Recommended,284460,25894688,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,itsJimboFresh,"Exactly as advertised. Platformer, shooter, speed runner. All of my favorite genres in one. Bought it for $2.49 during publisher sale. A must-buy at that price."
76561197960986989,Recommended,284460,26072404,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,unknown,"DeadCore is straightforward, about trial and error. Dying without losing much progress is part of it. The save checkpoints are overly fair placed. The hardest part is to figure out the mechanics, what you can do and the timing, when you have to do it. There is no need to be a hardcore gamer or a speedrunner to play this. Average aiming skills are enough, speaking of myself. There is plenty of time to wait and observe how the environment works, step by step."
,Recommended,284460,25958929,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,KeV-KiLd,"Great, only buy this on sale though. Gameplay is great, but not a lot of content."
,Not Recommended,284460,26081204,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WidescreenRules,"I really don't want to put a ""no"" on this. The game is smooth, gorgeous, and in many ways amazing. Unfortunately, this game is brutal and meant for a very small percentage of people who like doing speedruns on difficult platformers.Basically, if you don't have twitchy reflexes, this will be a very, very frustratng game.The graphics and the gameplay are actually really well done. Framerates are smooth as glass. (I would love, love, love to see this in stereoscopic 3D!) Often, if you think you've gotten stuck at an area you can find a way to bypass it if you find a few of the basic upgrades early on. Some of the basic item unlocks are actually easy to find and to get to as long as you put a little thought into the layout.However, this game gets really difficult really quickly in the third level. You will die. A LOT. And unfortunately if you don't have twitchy reflexes, you'll die a lot more. The screen shots obviously aren't really good at explaining the difficulty because it looks like it's simply a different kind of platformer. It certainly is, but if you don't realize from the start that you NEED very twitchy reflexes, you risk getting really angry at this game.Right now, I'm in the third level, and I can't think of how many times I've died. Unfortunately, save points are quite far apart. I actually felt a strong sense of accomplishment when I got through a difficult section (after dying about 40 times); unfortunately, the difficulty level is getting worse with each section, and there are still two more full levels to go.I can say right now that I doubt very much that I will bother to finish this game or even the level that I'm currently on. I'm not a speedrunner. I'm not as twitchy of a player as this game demands. I tend to be more methodic and analytical in my approach. This game does not allow that kind of approach and will kill you in later levels if you try.If the difficulty throughout the game was like levels 1 and 2, I think this would be a very enjoyable platformer. Unfortunately, based on what I'm seeing in level 3 and knowing that there are two more after this, I've come to the conclusion that this game is meant for a very, very small subset of the gaming population. I'm not in that subset, and chances are that you're not either.Unless you're absolutely certain that you have very twitchy reflexes and you don't mind dying over and over and over again, this game will likely end up being frustrating more than fun."
76561198062759274,Recommended,284460,26081519,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lord Lordy Lord,F**k this game.
,Not Recommended,284460,26062297,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,コーヒー,Not very fun and too difficult in the beginning levels. It needs to ease into the difficulty more
,Recommended,284460,26059599,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SeismicWhales,Would make a great addition to the TV show Wipeout.10101010101010101010110010/10Would really love a death counter though so I can see how many times I failed on each level and laugh at my pitiful attempts at parkour.
,Not Recommended,284460,25958015,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,maliciouschmibbles,"Recommended if: You're a hardcore speedrunner.Not recommended if: You are literally anyone else.This is for a niche audience of speedrun shooters who enjoy immensely difficult levels that require memorization, perfect jumps, perfect timing, and hours spent learning the un-intuitive jump system and hitbox detection. If that sounds like fun to you, go and have a good time.This is not a casual game. There is no story, there is no reason or fun to it other than surviving the level and beating your fastest time. The best way to enjoy this game for me is to watch videos on youtube of other people with incredible speedrun skills playing it."
76561198086747436,Recommended,284460,25966654,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,it's too difficult to me so i think it must be good to someone who like to play game with spend a lot of brain cell and who not fear hight...
76561198005912189,Recommended,284460,25975156,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Winterbourne,"This is a very fun game, amazing how it was 75% off when I got it... I would have never heard of it otherwise. The visuals and sounds are amazing, it is a challenging game... I see a bunch of whiners on here giving negative reviews because they suck. Go back to call of duty or mario party, let the big boys challenge themselves and have fun.Get this game, you won't regret it!"
76561197976154797,Recommended,284460,14198175,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,karatekatadvd,Simple and fascinating
,Recommended,284460,15565876,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,klamrisk,"Pretty good ""think fast""-type first person platformer. In some levels checkpoints are lacking, and some things (I'm looking at you, spinning red stars of doom) have really bad hit detection, mostly due to the devs thinking it would be fun with slow moving bullets (-.-). But if you get into the flow of the game, it's quite an enjoyable ride."
,Recommended,284460,14987691,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jötun,"This game is definitely not for the faint of heart! It is unforgiving, very difficult in parts, and I really would not ask for anything different.  If you've enjoyed Portal / 2 in the past and found it rather easy, give this a shot. Someone else already left a wonderful review stating that this game does not hold your hand, you have to earn your keep - and I highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,284460,14887636,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,@reallybad,"Entertaining, full of replay value (if you like challenges), difficult enough to be satisfying but let you keep your hair. I highly recommend it!Definitely requires spatial awareness and quick reflexes. Not for all gamers."
,Recommended,284460,18889456,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Assbad,"In my 3 hours of playing this I have learned 2 things.1. Difficulty is fair.2. If games can cause you to feel ill from motion sickness, you will need to have a liedown after playing this.Controls are very responsive, nice visuals, nice music, fun gameplay with difficulty increasing in amounts I felt left you feeling rewarded after. My main gripe, if I had to list one, would be that it's very easy to ""get lost"", because the levels are so open and there (almost always) are different paths to the end, meaning you can potentially spend a lot of time banging your head against part of a level, while there is an easier path 'round the other way.Would definitely recommend in a sale, very solid purchase and I'm unsure why more praises aren't sung on it."
,Recommended,284460,29257074,Posted: 14 January,all,MMR+1000 = Russian MMR,"Awesome game, but don't make a mistake playing ""cycle"" and think it's broken, like i did, for a day, trying to hack the game while i have no gravity switch lol.Awesome game, and thanks for the designers of this game (specifically the puzzle designer i mean, even though the rest is awesome)The music tracks some of them are a bit alzheimerish :) like when trump imitated the handicap critic. :) anyway thanks for the game"
,Recommended,284460,29428862,Posted: 22 January,all,vladimir putinside me,I don't know what the story is. I don't what I'm doing. I don't even know how I got the game. All I know is that I'm enjoying it.
76561198183984462,Recommended,284460,20756990,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Your Cousin Frog,"DeadCore, a really great game if you want an ""intense parkour FPS"" style-game. Let me just give you a pro/con list here:Pros:+The graphics are beyond great.+The way the story is told to you is different, but pretty cool.+Great for people who like parkour or puzzle games!+And much more!Cons:+ To be honest I can't think of anything I disliked.Let me warn you, the game does get harder as you go.I give this game a 9/10. Try it, it's not too expensive and I am sure you'll like it!"
,Recommended,284460,29551652,Posted: 28 January,all,Super Bock,"Nice puzzle game, with pretty good graphics. Good luck climbing that tower taller than Empire State Building. Savage."
76561197978259435,Recommended,284460,29309008,Posted: 16 January,all,Mr.Bot,"One of my favourite games; wish it was longer.Navigation was incredibly fun, secrets were awesome. Total throwback to late 90s shooters with a wicked, modern day puzzle twist.Can't wait for a sequel."
76561198134559456,Recommended,284460,24489994,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sir Doggo,"In a nutshell your existence (Cycle) was designed to ascend the tower and absorb all the sparks (life force from a supreme spark) and use it to activate a special terraforming machine which may not just create a planet but also a solar system to support it and so on,Just to help you understand the game."
76561198157201361,Recommended,284460,29686508,Posted: 3 February,all,Mineswee,This game is very much geared for speedrunners but even though I am not a speed runner I did find the platforming to be rewarding and fast paced (a few parts were really difficult) I think if you like platforming games this one my be worth looking into
,Recommended,284460,30043022,Posted: 19 February,all,TONS OF DAMAGE,Play game just for gameplay.good replay value.fun to run through at least oncem
76561198110425390,Recommended,284460,28977527,Posted: 3 January,all,Le Shrimp,"The combination of platormer and FPS makes this game feel similar to the Portal games. The main difference is the pace of this game. Lots of puzzles require rapid movement, jumps, reactions etc which makes it very intense, and addictive even when you keep falling off the edge. There's quite a few checkpoints in the maps so you don't have to worry too much about going through the same area again and again. I really like the graphics style - appearing as a kind of cross between Halo 3 and Destiny it feels very spacious and high quality. Sounds are non intrusive and also very high quality. The mechanics are easy to pick up, and available hints around the map mean you never have to use google when you're stuck. Speedrunning should be great fun too, now that there's been a patch on exploits. Highly reccomend, I got it on a sale but it's worth the full price! 10/10"
76561198217834649,Recommended,284460,28842782,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,twistytie,"If you like games that are all about skill, this is for you. The difficulty is perfect, the graphics are great, the music is awesome, and the speedrun mode is really fun. It also has a little bit of a puzzle element. Overall this is a really great game."
,Recommended,284460,29105673,Posted: 7 January,all,Please kill me,"Let's keep it short:Great speedrunning game. You have full control over yourself and you can just blaze through levels if you're skilled enough. You get upgrades along the way that shake up things a bit and allow for even more ridiculous skips. It all runs really smooth and the ambiance, feel and flow of the game are all great.One thing I didn't like was your character's hitbox. There are some obstacles that require you to be precise while going through them, but if you're too low (even though it looks like you'd be able to go through just fine) you'll die. So the height needed to go through those things is really hard to tell.Worth a shot, if you like speed games."
,Recommended,284460,28673415,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MJAT7,"I bought this game while it was on sale, and I'm pretty happy with buying it. The soundtrack is great, and the gameplay is really easy to get used to. There are a few places here and there where you can get past a level by taking a shortcut but these are things that the devs will fix in the future."
76561198091067234,Recommended,284460,28608654,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,lxcollier,"Sick game! I absolutely love it.. If you like games that test your reflexes and games that make you wanna discover secret stuffs with a bit of pyow-pyow action then aaaaah man - you'll love it.. Great sound tracks, wonderfully polished graphics and it gets your heart pumping in places. I'd get it if I were you.. well I already got it.. it's my ideal game."
76561198157516189,Recommended,284460,28611942,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RentableDwarf,Like Portal but more fun
,Recommended,284460,27911241,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheFinalSeven,"Typically I hate speedrunning games.  Mostly due to the fact that I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at them.  But this one I love immensely, the beautiful world, interesting mechanics and innovative gameplay is incredible."
,Recommended,284460,27703239,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,He-³,This is the game I wanted whilst playing jump maps back in Halo 3. And for 2 quid in a sale!? Easily recommended.
,Recommended,284460,30072964,Posted: 20 February,all,Burstaholic,So much fun! Perfect blend of twitch action and engaging platforming puzzles.
76561198163033491,Recommended,284460,30452930,Posted: 11 March,all,Mike.☕,"Well, deadcore, as game is the reason that you dont need an engine that do everything, including popcorn and other stuff. This agme is just beautiful, it has amazing soundtrack, story mechanics, secrets and of course speedrun mode. If you like challange, for sure play this game, you will rage more than twice, but it really worth to give it a try. 10/10"
76561198032048853,Recommended,284460,31489643,Posted: 1 May,all,litten8,"It's easy enough, decently long, and is fun. I don't see why people hate it so much. I'm no speedrunner, and I'm still having fun."
,Recommended,284460,31587007,Posted: 6 May,all,Kraytul,"This game is thoroughly excellent. I'm not one for speedrunning and usually have a hard time with first person platformers, but between the soundtrack and controls, I really enjoyed the entire experience and find myself wishing for more levels and/or a DeadCore2"
,Recommended,284460,32218369,Posted: 6 June,all,ev1lr00t5,Interesting stlye of game. Kinda reminds me of Portal but different and with no Portals!
12345678910987654,Recommended,284460,32421939,Posted: 14 June,all,Ifrim Dadaboi,Great way to give yourself a brain aneurysm
,Recommended,284460,32951335,Posted: 28 June,all,Squishy,"Seriously amazing parkour-ish game. I can't even describe it. It's like portal but with lazers and platforming and 0 headaches, aswell as more mobility, go buy it."
,Recommended,284460,32579811,Posted: 19 June,all,KamiKazyKiller,A great fased paced game. Perfect for the speedrunner's who enjoy a good challenge.
76561198241468108,Recommended,284460,32905821,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Integra,"The first few try's are a guaranty fail on so many levels that the direction is either straight forward enough, multiple upon multiple options that are all about near perfect timing or not very clear how you are supposed to proceed that once you finish a level you look at your total time in utter disgust and have to play some FPS to cool off a bit. Coming back to have a proper go of it you play around with the double jump off the sides of cubes to double jump again and attempt to get the timing down to at least under 4 tries.Over all, the music tempo kinda throws off your critical timing a bit but the graphics are really what sell the game in my book. Just started getting to the other levels but know it’s going to be an interesting struggle to keep looking at that blasted total time and think… ya I know I do better but is it really worth it-"
,Recommended,284460,33632614,Posted: 18 July,all,TheMegaSmashGamer,"awesome speedrunning game that requires precision to master, It also has a hidden story which you can choose to figure out or simply just enjoy the game in itself."
,Recommended,284460,33625290,Posted: 18 July,all,kikinak,"Deadcore is a speed-running-oriented parkour game that can be fun and beautiful, but also finnicky and painfully hard at times.Pros:The controls are pretty tight; you can maneuver a lot in mid-air, and it feels great to go fast.The scenery is beautiful. Up in the skies with abstract towers and cubesLots of hidden collectables like logs and songsThe gun is unique. In addition to stunning enemies it's also used to activate switches and jump-pads, and deactivate certain obsticalsThe gun has a timer on it so you can tell how good you're doing on a speedrunThey put a surprisingly large emphasis on exploration and choosing your own path. If a set of obstacles is giving you trouble there might be another way you can goCons:It still has its glitches. I didn't have problems with movement stuttering but some doSometimes you'll be on the inside of a big rotating cylinder and it'll eat your jumpA few things feel just a bit too precise (in particular there will be tunnels with lasers along the top and bottom that you have to dash through, and you have very little wiggle-room for when you time your dash as to not be too high or too low)Some of the gimmicks are a bit... gimmicky. Gravity switching in particular felt like it added very little for how disorienting it was, especially when you clip the edge of a gravity zone and get flipped, only to fall right back out anyway, ending up dead AND queasyIn general the difficulty ramp is pretty extreme, starting about when you get the dash ability. You can do A LOT with it, but they very quickly expect you to do a lot of crazy things now that you have the main tool.All in all I'd say it's worth the 10 dollars, especially if you're into speedrunning or challenging games. Those of you wanting a more reasonable experience are likely better off with mirrors edge or portal (both of which are also good for speedrunning)"
,Recommended,284460,33461708,Posted: 11 July,all,ejegun,"I enjoyed it.While there were certain sections of the game where I got annoyed at the obstacles and sometimes stopped playing temporarily because of that, the overall experience was fun. The story is quite lacking, it requires you to read into it and I didn't  really understand it at the end of the game. But the challenges alone would have already justified the price for me.Very challenging towards the end, beautiful and it runs well."
76561198142329297,Recommended,284460,33543478,Posted: 14 July,all,Axle065,"A solid platformer. Great looking environment,  smooth gameplay and challenging puzzles. You can't go wrong with DeadCore."
,Recommended,284460,34551334,Posted: 28 August,all,Lieutenant Raepfist,"This one is unique. The closest game I could compare it to is Portal, yet it's still so different. This is more of a fast paced obstacle course involving a gun that activates switches and deactivates enemies for a few seconds. There isn't much a story, but the gameplay, visuals, sound, and music is where the game truly shines. I always appreciate a good story, but it isn't always necessary to me. Now here's the real warning: THIS GAME IS DIFFICULT! Not quite at the tier of Dark Souls, but I guarantee you'll get stuck often in the later levels. Hidden throughout the story levels, they have music tracks; logs, which contain lore; power upgrades; and sparks, which unlock speedrun levels and the game's real ending. It reminds me of Doom's secrets, and it feels so good to discover them.Now for some cons:-Not the best performance in 1440p or 1080p even with all of the graphic settings on low in The Void (level 3) and The Storm (level 4). This is with a GTX 970 FTW+, i7 2600k and 16 GB RAM. (I've noticed a developer say in forums that they built this game with 30 FPS in mind. That's really not a good idea. Most PC gamers want 60 FPS. If we wanted 30, we would go buy consoles.)-Rarely when loading a saved game, my character is stuck in the ground. A simple respawn fixes it.-When I try to exit the game, the background of the title screen remains and it never ends. I have to alt-tab and then close it outside of the game.-Some shadows flicker when facing nearly any direction.If you aren't afraid of difficulty, then get it. It's cheap."
,Recommended,284460,34406816,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"From the time I spent on this, its good and responsive. Good starting point for people new to ""speedrunning."" I like the tools available, forcing you to think of different routes each time you fail.  A little slow for my tastes, kind of like portal, but still challenging."
,Recommended,284460,34406326,Posted: 21 August,all,TheMainVeztex,"This game is a nice challenge for both casual and hardcore gamers. The game revolves completely around movement anywhere from gravity to speed. The controls feel responsive, which is very good because some quick reactions will save your life very frequently. You will die in this game, several times. But, when you do, you feel like its your fault. Its very easy to learn what you did wrong and figure out what to do to complete a puzzle. The puzzles arent overly challenging, at least not to me. This game was designed well enough so that if youre not meant to go somewhere, you can't. There is a lot of replayability in this in the form of collectables like powerups and lore. The story isnt necessary but it certainly livens up the universe significantly. Thanks to this games mechanics, it makes a great speedrunning game, with built in support for recording times and comparing them.If youre someone who likes medium to fast paced games, this game is a great buy. Especially for the price."
,Recommended,284460,18075571,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Brgynjew,"I admit it, I'm too clumsy for this game. But I'm an addicted gamer, and I want to finish what I play.Such an exciting game, it really is.But also one of the most utterly frustrating gaming experiences of my past 20 years of gaming, and I can't tell you how filled with pure hatred I am for the developers. They're all talented guys, probably with the reflexes of a Ninja.I want to finish this game so badly. But there's no slightly easier mode, no ""you've died a million times at the same spot, here's a little help"" sort of thing. This is more frustrating that talking to my stubborn fascist parents.I can't in good consciousness recommend this game, yet I had a fantastic time with it. But it's too hard, it will fill you with hate and it will take 10 years off of your life expectancy, if you're an old slow fart like I *apparently* am. Thank you, 5 Bits Games, for making the first game in 20 years that makes me feel I should probably take a look at Backgammon, fine Whisky and arthritis pills.Don't play this game, please. But if you do, you might just love it, as I did."
