user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,284770,10498430,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Elfee,"„Enigmatis: The Mists of Ravenwood“ is a POINT'N'CLICK game with more than only one „Wow-effect“.You play as a woman who is on her way to the Westcoast. On the way she finds a pretty bad damaged camper but it does not look like an accident. You watch for survivors and you find a little girl who is talking about a „monster“ and that she misses her mom. Shortly after a big crow is attacking you and takes the girl with her. Shocked and confused you decided to save her and her parents and you start your journey through the mysterious Ravenwood Park next to the camper.Like a detective you have to find hints and to solve puzzles. You have to find your way through 55 beautiful and spooky locations. You can collect your hints on a blackboard (which is really well drawn with handwritten notes). Besides there are also other small objects you have to find for some achievements. Oh yeah there are 36 achievements and they are not that hard to get. So it’s a good game for achievement hunters! :p If the puzzles are too easy for you, of course you can choose a higher level of difficulty.Really the story is so exciting that I found myself actually wanting to solve the mystery and I couldn’t stop playing it! The graphic is really good and I enjoyed watching the cutscenes + scenaries. Also the music is well chosen for the locations and gives always the right feeling.So all in all the game is totally worth the money and I highly recommend this game for everyone who enjoys spooky games, good animations and who is interessted in an exciting story!"
,Recommended,284770,10363557,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TraviztY ッ,"I don't usually play these point and click adventrures but the story in the trailer had me very intrested, I'll have to say I wasn't dissapointed either. Once I started the game I had no intention of sitting there for the 4 hours that I did. I found it kinda relaxing and the story was actually decent. I found myself actually wanting to solve the mystery and paying attention to the story. The puzzles aren't extremely hard and there is a casual mode if you are having trouble. The graphics were decent in the cutscenes and sceneries and the voice acting was even played out pretty well. All in all I enjoyed it and am getting ready to play the new part I just unlocked. I think its worth the money, especially with the current 30% off."
,Recommended,284770,10368015,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SpyroGuy,"I'm not much into these ""point n' click"" games, I can count the ones I played on a single hand.The trailer of this game howewer made me interested and I can honestly say that I didn't regret buying it.Even I, someone who has absolutely no experience with this genre, found this game entertaining, addictive and enchanting. The puzzles are not THAT hard to figure out, so there's no frustation (also multiple difficulty levels for the more experienced players - needless to say, I played on Casual xD) plus the story itself is well paced and interesting as well.An awesome experience and a good example of true quality work.Count me in for the first episode's (re-)release!"
76561197998802313,Recommended,284770,10364207,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,NoDuhMan,"For a ""simple"" game, I can easily recommend Ravenwood--the atmospheres are great, the visuals are nice, and the story is fine. For a puzzle game, I did not find it very challenging or frustrating, but that can be taken as a good thing for some. Overall it was a nice experience.However, on the note of the ""horror"" aspects of the game, I would say it's more along the lines of a ""spooky"" game rather than a ""horror"" game. Does that take anything away from the game? Not at all! I still found myself enjoying every minute of the creepy areas and little spooks that popped-up through my playthrough.My only negative remarks are for the voice-acting and the facial animations. I feel like this could have done better with simple text and expressions rather than the acting and psuedo-animation. But I never felt drawn-out of the adventure because of them, so they should not be considered a deal-breaker.Overall an enjoyable game that I can easily recommend."
76561197961167133,Recommended,284770,11194902,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,d1ngleberry,"This was a drunk purchase and an excelent one at that. Puzzles that challange and a good story to boot. This runs beautifully on my linux machine. The graphics, the sounds, gameplay, everything is just a solid all around nice package. This is a must if you are into these types of games."
76561198141404871,Recommended,284770,17935953,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,joan4003,"Story: Two years after the events at Maple Creek our intrepid and stubborn female detective has heard rumors of mysterious disappearances in Northern California's Redwood National Park.  Believing the elusive Maple Creek Preacher is involved, she goes there.  While driving through a remote part of the redwood forest overlooking the coast she is nearly hit by a black cloudy flying ""thing"" before encountering what appears to be an accident scene involving a family camper.  No accident, as it turns out when the black cloudy raven with red glowing eyes attacks again to retrieve the girl child who escaped the first time.  Drawn both willingly and cautiously into the dark sinister world of Ravenwood Park, (most probably an unregistered and unheard of tourist stop about the past lumber industry), she once again encounters dark and evil forces at work as she thrives to rescue the captured family.  Old friends, new friends and a lethal enemy.  Be warned, friends are only enemies with mutual goals.Gameplay: Hmmm....I must digress slightly here.  I will compare this to Enigmatis: Maple Creek first, since generally fans of a particular company will play the sequel (or more) even if they hated the previous game if they like the company that made it.  (Or there was spectacular advertising,)First of all Enigmatis: Ravenwood plays so much easier then Maple Creek.  Artifex Mundi turned the volume down on the horror and suspense but upped the creepy and supernatural elements, yet left all the mystery, anxiety and urgency.  Like that or not, this game is PG, not PG17, and I for one thank Artifex Mundi for doing this.  Even the few jump scares (mostly at the beginning) were not that bad.  Though I must say there were some truly terrifying and horrifying scenes in this game.The second thing Artifex Mundi did was stop being ""jerks"" in the hidden object scenes.  (""Jerks"" by my definition make find clues in hidden object scenes so hard or so obscure the find clue is nearly impossible to locate.) Thank you for that too.  Ravenwood plays like a dream compared Maple Creek in that aspect.Third thing:  There is a no-penalty fast travel map.  Thank you so much.Now just about Ravenwood, well almost, since it retains the same investigation ""evidence board"" as the first game.  The ""evidence board"" is where our detective places all the clues she finds and groups them together in circles concerning a certain subject like identity, location, crime, suspects, etc.  This is a clever mechanism for storytelling and informing the player what has been and still needs to be accomplished, as well as subtly reminding the player this woman is a resourceful detective.  (In my opinion she is just as resourceful as Macgyver.)  If this series continues, I do hope they continue using this play strategy, it is very different from other games.   One even gets an achievement for finding all the evidence, and another for conditionally placing it correctly.  Now that is clever.The Hidden Object scenes vary from straight find lists with the added extra twist of locating the object first such as in a drawer or pouring a glass of wine from a bottle, to what I call shape picture puzzles.  (Those are the puzzles that show a shape that must be found first then used, such as the shape of a key which once found opens something.)  Not so easy to be simple (They did not overcompensate from Maple Creek.) but not so hard the gamer rage-quits either.  Just good even average on the difficulty level.The actual puzzles are easy to understand and relatively challenging.  I do believe I noticed that as the game progressed the puzzle challenges slowly increased in difficulty as did actually finding all the pieces of the puzzle.  By the end of the game as the game scope narrows the player frequently has an empty or near empty inventory.  For me it increased the ""felt"" urgency as if I could actually be late and ""not save day"".This game (probably due to the age) introduces the alternate hidden object play I have come to think of as one of Artifex Mundi's signatures.   Instead of doing the hidden object scene, one can play a matching game instead.  (This is Mahjong in the Nightmares from Deep series).  Unfortunately this also requires a second playthrough if achievement hunting.  I really wish Artifex Mundi (or any game developer for that matter that forces a second playthrough) allowed the other set of achievements (play all hidden object games or play all alternate games) to be gotten by the playing all the hidden object scenes in the extras as one or the other.There are two sets of extra find objects.  One the ""Illusion"" objects that even though they fade in and out, do so rapidly and are quite large.  It is very hard to miss these.   The Illlusion changes from well maintained to decrepit abandonment, which is in keeping with the Ravenwood game theme.  These are kept track of in the notebook at the back, which is a very nice touch.  The second set are the ""Ethereal Butterflies""  These are easier to miss 1) because they are smaller and 2) the gamer gets distracted.  Make sure to get them before moving on, there are one or two the gamer can not go back for.  These are not conveniently kept track of either.Overall, a good game and I hope the series continues since the ending was left open."
76561197972048435,Recommended,284770,10364664,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ianmyles,"I really enjoyed playing this game.   The story was really quite good and had a few extra tasks (collectables) beyond standard search puzzles to do along the way.  Took me a little over 5 hours to complete which is pretty good for a less than $6 game.Game is linear, puzzles are fairly easy as far as mini games go but don't let that put you off.    In spite of these points, i found the game fun to play and highly reccomend it."
76561198042646749,Recommended,284770,29483599,Posted: 25 January,all,kris.aalst,"GameplayEnigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwoodis a 1st person point & click adventure game that contains 'hidden objects' puzzles.The hidden objects puzzles are just one type of puzzle that appear in the game, though repetitively, and there's no real pixel hunting involved in them. InEnigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwood, the hidden objects puzzles are improved upon a bit because you don't just need to find items like you did in the first game, but you often need to click on a container to reveal a hidden object or you may need to click on an item to use it on another item in order to produce the hidden object you need.If you don't like 'hidden objects' puzzles at all, there's an option to replace them with 'pair-matching' minigames. You know, the memory game that requires you to remember what picture is on the bottom side of some cards, in order to eventually click on two identical cards and remove these from the board. The goal is to remove all the cards from the board. This may sound like a nice addition, an alternative for those who want it, which is basically true but unfortunately, this is also where they messed things up in the Steam Achievements department - more on that below.There are about an equal amount of other puzzles to be solved, and there's the classic exploration and collecting items to use on other items to further the story, like in other point & click adventure games.The puzzles inEnigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwoodare clever, challenging and fun. Exploring the park is exciting because of the mysterious atmosphere and because advancing in the game (i.e. getting to parts of the park you couldn't go to before) feels satisfying, like you actually accomplished something through thinking and you feel rewarded for that.The storyThe story is a direct continuation of the story from the previous Enigmatis game, so I recommend you do...http://store.steampowered.com/app/284750/...and play that one first. In part two, our detective is still chasing the mysterious preacher from the first game. She follows his trail to Ravenwood Park, where she'll discover more than she expected, and not just about the preacher.The difficulty and length of the gameThe way to advance in the game, be it through adventuring or through solving puzzles, is always logical so it's never frustratingly hard. Should you find yourself stumped, there's a hint button that you can press. It will point you to the next point where action is required, or allow you to skip a puzzle altogether.It takes about 7 hours to complete the game. Almost twice that much if you want all the achievements. And a lot more hours if you make one single mistake on your second playthrough to get the remaining achievements.On Steam's extra featuresEnigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwoodhas 6 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.There are 36 Steam Achievements. That's quite a bit more than in the first game. There are more achievements given when you pass certain points in the story. There's also 2 types of 'collectibles' scattered throughout the scenes of the game, which each have 3 achievements tied to them.They also added achievements for the pair-matching minigames. Since you can only playeithera hidden object puzzleora pair-matching minigame each time, this means that you will need to play through the game twice if you want all the achievements, including the meta-achievement 'collect all the other achievements'. This is a forced way to make it seem like the game has replayability, whereas games like this are completely linear and therefore have no replayability at all. And wait, it gets better! Two things:you can't start a new game unless you create a whole new 'profile' in the gameyou need to get all the achievements on the same profile in order to trigger the meta-achievementThis means that if you forget to click the button to play a pair-matching game instead of a hidden objects puzzle even once, you won't be able to get the achievement for doing all the pair-matching games and therefore the meta-achievement, AND you'll need to play through the entire game anyway because you can't restart the game and you need to stick to the one profile in order to get the meta-achievement. Quite a few people complain about this oversight on the developer's part, and rightly so.Add to this the fact that the hidden object puzzles have become somewhat more complex, as explained in the 'Gameplay' section above, but the achievement for speed is still 'finish a hidden object puzzle in less than one minute'. If you want this achievement, you'll stress out completely every time there is a hidden object puzzle, until you trigger this achievement and can start to play more casually, which is what games like this should allow you to do. Also, the first hidden object puzzle where you can actually trigger any of the achievements is quite far into the game so practising and restarting the game until you get it right is not as easy as in the previous Enigmatis game. And looking up a guide or a YouTube movie is only partially helpful because the list of items you need to find is randomized every time you start a hidden objects puzzle.All in all,Enigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwoodis a great game in its genre and a more than worthy successor to the first game, but this is the first game I ever played where the Steam Achievements ruin part of the pleasantness of the experience instead of adding to the fun. If you don't care about achievements or you're not really a completionist, you're good. If you are a completionist, be warned that you'll need to be very attentive and careful what you do, or you'll need to go through the game three or more times just to get those last two achievements."
,Recommended,284770,28357069,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mifititi,"Recommended.Since I just finished the first installment in this trilogy, I can say that right from the moment that the game begins, it'll be greater than the first. The plot was interesting because I already knew some things from the previous game and the story continued. For a person who doesn't own the first part, the idea is probably going to be kind of old (save this person, stop the apocalypse and the like) but it'd be still keep you curious.The graphics are quite nice to look at. It's definitely improvement to the first one. The colors are bright in some areas and dark in others, keeping everything somewhat realistic even with the supernatural elements in the game. People look also more real, not cartoon or manga like, and it truly fits. My only complaint is about the animation. While voice acting is quite good, the characters are quite expressionless in the cut scenes. Even if the character sounds pained, their expressions don't match up. But it's a very minor thing.A lot of new game elements came to this installment. While you still play as the detective and discover the clues yourself, there's tons of new achievements and morphing objects to find. And butterflies. So you need to be extra observant while playing. It's a nice add.I enjoyed playing this game. It wasn't frustrating and the visuals are pleasant to look at. Gameplay is normal but there's tons of different things to look out for during the experience. This wasn't my first choice for a hidden object game on Steam, but here I am, giving it a thumps up."
,Recommended,284770,25130825,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"A very good sequel! I liked the first game a lot, but this one really surpasses the original. There’s a lot more to do, the use of tools have more logic, the puzzles are challenging, and of course, the art work improved a lot. The HO scenes were amazing as well. Looking forward to play the third game now!9/10, possibly the best HOG I’ve played so far."
,Recommended,284770,22512459,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"After loosing the priest's and Hamilton's trace at Maple Creek two years ago, you found yourself going to Ravenwood. However, a giant raven seems to be interested in you and in the little girl hidden in an trail involved in an accident. When you woke up, everything seems normal but after discovering a prisoner in Ravenwood, you're thrown back to a world of darkness...Enigmatis 2 is the follow-up of the events in Maple Creek, where you stopped a priest in his way to eternal life. However, Hamilton, the detective investigating his lover's disappearence since 30 years ago, disappeared with the dagger. Now, two years after, you're still searching for them, as you fear that the preacher will not stop and that Hamilton is still out for spilling his blood. However, here, you have to save a little girl and her parents from a terrible fate. A prisoner will help you in your deductions and tell you the story of these disappearances. The plot is well-written and because Ravenwood was released on Steam before Maple Creek, I hadn't any clue about the twists happening later because I didn't have these references. It means that Ravenwood works perfectly as a stand-alone and that you don't need the previous story to understand everything (in reality, in Ravenwood, you'll get the whole picture of the situation). Seeing how the plot ends, it's clear that it's missing a third chapter and I hope to see a sequel one day.As for the gameplay, it's the standard one: use items, find them, clear hidden objects scenes, solve puzzles. However, in addition of that traditionnal gameplay, you can find for hidden objects scenes two ways to play them: shapes and words. Also, the return of the investigation board is also a nice way to keep being focused on the case and to unlock new objectives. Generally, these deductions will grant you more questions to ask to the prisoner and he will give you also items needed to advance. Finally, Enigmatis 2 doesn't suffer of a problem of navigation, like I had in Maple Creek. You don't have to fear a misclick now.The graphics are also quite good. I really liked the switch between an illusion world and the reality. Too bad it's only happening once. But you can find leftovers of it thanks to objects changing forms in the scenes. And given the fact that you need to find them for an achievement, it's quite amusing to hunt them down. Another good idea was to make some statues ""alive"" (eyes moving, head turning, etc...) to strenghten the feeling of being watched, so that you're not at ease at all in this desolation. However, contrary to Maple Creek, which was a town, here, you're in a national park, surrounded by nature and cabins.The soundtrack is as usual good and the voice acting is perfect. I've nothing to say there.So in other words, Enigmatis 2 is an excellent casual adventure game, delivered by Artifex Mundi themselves. The game is really worthy of a purchase at full price but Artifex's games are often discounted in the weekly sale or in bundles. If you like their work, you'll love Enigmatis 2."
,Recommended,284770,29350475,Posted: 18 January,all,AftieL^♡^KuroKy,love this <3
,Recommended,284770,13172580,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,inanov,"a wonderful sequel to the beautiful game. Story is good with some surprising twists. As it follows the previous storyline, be sure to play Enigmatis: The Ghosts of Maple Creek first."
,Recommended,284770,12875741,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CitizenX3639,"A strongly, well wrtten B movie setting and acting makes Enigmatis The Mists of Ravenwood easy to recommedn. I am not the usual casual player but what i am finding is their is talent abound in the industry everywhere. Why can a casula title narrate an entertaining story from start to finish and yet all the money AAA throws out cant come close to what this exceeds, baffling.As for game play Enigmatis is your basic point and click adventure where you will mostly be finding a piece to unlock another piece that will eventually unlock another piece. Its all good and for the most part simple, none of the puzzles were difficult and there is a hint system built in if you get stuck. The world itself is set in a theme park and is beutifully created. The music also is excellant as it strikes the mood and tone perfectly. The only gripe as i first stated is it is B movie materaial but the lead actress voice acting is horrible, no emotion whatsoever.Another great couch and laptop game that will keep you entertained and wanting to see the story till the end.PositivesReally good story telling and writing. Great endingLots of content. My clock time for both stories is at 8hrs.Beutiful artRelaxingPuzzles are diverse and spaced to keep them freshProduction is impressiveMusic sets the mood and tone perfectlyHas raised my level of intrest in the genreNegativesVoice actingReferences to the previous gameFiller content, re doing the same search puzzle scene x2one or two instances that dont make sense for a puzzle solutionDid not know until almost done that you could fast travel"
,Recommended,284770,12813617,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,OhioMan,Wife likes this game
76561197989215538,Recommended,284770,14769401,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ucpteddy,"One of the top games from Artifex Mundi. It's just pure awesome. LOVE the colorfull arts and everything about it. Can't think of anything wrong with it. The story is great. Really love the Artifex Mundi games (well the like bottom scrape of the gamebox is the ""Time Mysteries"" games (To me anyway, As you get lazy with the timemachine and skip/hint abilities). In this game, That won't happen. The puzzles are too much fun. Altho it would be a good idea to start with the 1st game of this series, So you get some backstory to this game for even more enjoyment. (It's not a waste, 1st game is really great aswell (Also the first Artifex Mundi game i played, and i was hookt instantly. Want them all :3.They have all the good things you would want. Great storys, Fantastic arts, different difficulty settings, Hint buttons (that doesn't speak in riddles, And Skip buttons for the puzzles incase you are really stuck. It will solve the puzzle for you and you can continue, ofcourse). Even alternative minigames incase you don't like the ""hidden object messy screens with tons of items on them). Good voiceacting (and text ofcourse). ""All"" puzzles and such are made for anyone to enjoy (there MIGHT be some occasional exceptions that require to be able to see colors, But thats rare (and even if it is, You can still solve it with some extra effort). Nothings too cryptic nor too easy. The games are beatable by almost anyone.37 out of 5 stars.SO, If you are looking for a great time without headaches & frustration & are into puzzle/hidden object/story games, Artifex Mundi, Games are the right thing for you!, Get this/these game/s, It's worth the default price. But you can always wait till they are on sale (which apears to be frequently)."
76561198041979697,Recommended,284770,12135186,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,watson387,"This game is ok. The puzzles aren't very hard and the story is pretty predictable but the voice acting is good and the cutscenes are decent. I enjoyed the game, but it definitely wasn't the best I've ever played, or even close."
76561198035054806,Recommended,284770,13349252,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,Nice point and click hidden object. Worth a fiver.
76561198036498823,Recommended,284770,15990945,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,"With Enigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwood comes another great game by Artif... oh.. wait... I got something for that....It is Artifex Mundi. ""If you played one, than you know them all."" which in this case is one of the few times in gaming where it comes to be the most positive thing about a point&click ""slash"" hidden object you might ever hear.10/10 Artifex - You make me droll - Mundi"
76561198314060153,Recommended,284770,24177627,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,trupti1989,"Absolutely love this game,Excellent Graphic,very realistic,5/5Awesome-gripping story-line which is very much in sync with Engmtis 1: maple of creek. i love how each and every story part, character are connected. 5/5Mini games are also very interesting , i loved investigation board and back story of evil.This is definately best detective game series,In my TOP 3 fav game.I hope we get part 3,4 and more in this game series."
76561197970887820,Recommended,284770,13841899,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"Possible the best Hidden Object Game I have ever played, the story is really quite good and the HOG puzzles fit really well into the narrative for once. Look, if you like these type of games at all you will not be disappointed with this title, it takes everything that is good about the genre, refines it to purity of gameplay and pairs it with a tale that is complelling and thrilling."
76561198112702325,Recommended,284770,12718570,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mahri,"Just played this game throughWas really funnyHad some problems and used hints some times (played on hardest level)But the graphics are very beautiful, the story is interesting and if you like point & click games/combining things and thinking to get further in the game, you'll definitely like this game :)5hrs playtime whole for me (first time through)"
76561198000187251,Recommended,284770,13722348,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kahlana,"Not to hard , very enjoyable point and click adventure with several different puzzles and some hidden object games.Nice music, beautifull artwork in vibrant colours and voice acting not bad.It has a better overall feel to it (more pollish, cleaner look, prettier) than it's predecessor, Maple Creek, which I also enjoyed.Since it's story driven with static puzzles , there is not much replay (on the short term at least) except for achievement hunters. If you're one of those: make sure to do the playthroughs on the same profile for the meta."
76561198024972696,Recommended,284770,16424782,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Enigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwood"" is pretty much as you'd expect from an Artifex Mundi game:  a nice little casual point-and-click adventure Hidden Object Game (HOG).  It has all the usual positives:  nice little plot, well done graphics, inteseting puzzles, and acceptable voice acting.  It also has all the usual negative:  no saves, and a forced second run to get all Achievements.  I also ran into a few more of what I assume are their standard negatives: inability to restart a game if you mess something up, and a Steam Achievement (""One of a Kind"") that must all be done from within one in-game profile (that little surprise cost me about 3 hours of repeat play).  With the extra run-though I had to do, it took me about 15 hours to finish the game.  Without it, it would have been about 12 hours.  So, even at the current list price, the game is worth it."
,Recommended,284770,11145153,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Klehpto,"This game is a pretty fun point and click.Simple puzzles for a medium difficulty. Good graphics, waiting for the Square enix level point and click style graphics though....If you like this kind of game it is well worth it. On discount, cause I'm a cheap-o. It has Steam Cards as well as Steam Achievments. What more could you want?"
,Recommended,284770,11616141,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ art style+ mini-games+ interesting story+ fun & easy achievements+ relaxingCONS:- relatively short game time- story hints at first game- game ends with a cliffhanger (not as bad if you play the DLC story)- companions are a bit annoyingComment:Although relatively easy, this game is loads of fun. It is polished enough for people who do not usually play point&click games to get into it. The story is okay although nothing new (LOTR fans will know what I am talking about). I do recommend getting this if you want a relaxing game full of little mini-games that make you think.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,284770,12911165,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jennafuzzy,"I really loved this game!  The characters were quite interesting with good voice overs.Some of the interaction was easy and some of it was really challenging.  I found myself having to go back over some screens to find what I had missed.  It was a great mix of easy and hard.I loved the graphics and story line.  It is definitley a play over game, which is like double for our money.  I bought this one full price and I was not dissapointed.There was a man in the game you had to trust to help you, even though you had no idea if he was really helping you or just himself.  Some great twists and turns.I don't like to give spoilers, so I suggest that you give this game a try.  You will not be dissapointed!!"
76561198053714855,Recommended,284770,13043405,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kyeli,"This is actually a sequel, but the first game in the series gets abysmal reviews so I gave it a miss. That said, I don't feel like I needed to play #1 to understand what's going on here.It's a great game in the HO/puzzle/adventure game genre - great voice acting, great music, great graphics, really great plot. There's a third either coming or already out, so this one leaves you hanging for sure. No resolution to the storyline. But there's a twist at the end that totally shocked me, which is hard to do, so I ended up feeling very satisfied and impressed."
,Recommended,284770,13036038,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,starwolf,"This game is a treat for the eyes. Vibrantly illustrated, I found myself looking forward to getting to the next environment, and the subtle little surprises in it. Although not a long game, it is a fun play for those who appreciate the genre. The story and soundtrack are interesting and engaging,  the puzzles range from simple to fairly challenging and I found it quite addictive. Completed in less than 4 hours, but skipped doing the pair-matching games. I'd say an easy 5 hours or so for 100% achievements. Grabbed it on sale. Was not at all disappointed."
76561198137858542,Recommended,284770,13044902,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,kayama596,Great tone and ambiance. Very pretty game as well.
76561198165097562,Recommended,284770,13420732,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ensatzuken,"An excellent sequel to The Ghosts of Maple Creek, plenty enjoyable even without having played the previous one.Story: Good , quite straightforward with obvious plot twist but plenty enjoyable.Gameplay: Standard point and click with good puzzles, not difficult, allows to enjoy the story. A lot of little improvements from Ghost of Maple Creek.Completely worth the prize 8/10"
,Recommended,284770,11199892,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[TFD] al Qamar,"I have to confess I love point and click adventures. Some of the greatest I've played through are Zak Mc Kracken and both parts of Syberia. Enigmatis seems to be a great one of these genre. I've played only a hundred minutes but still am at the beginning of the game. The storyline seems to be consistent, the graphics are unique, held in a comic style, the music supports the great athmosphere. While audio is available in english only,  the subtitles are german (localised).Actually I find the game to be a good chance to improve my english language skills while listening to the talk of the characters.The puzzles - at least till now - are quite easy, if not to say obvious. The story might be scaring for a younger audience.So far I am happy with this buy and I hope this game will be even more tricky in the future.Well it took me 6 hours to complete the game. I have to say the story was great also the athmosphere and cinematics. The music was good but a bit repetitive, although there are different tracks. I give this game a 8/10 rating.1 point less for the quite short story (I have not yet played the bonus level yet you unlock after the main story)1 point less for the quite simple quests compared to others like Syberia and other adventure I have played in the past.After all this game is still a great buy. I only paid 3.24 € because of a discount I unlocked from some steam collective cards. This was also the reason how I learned about this game.I would be happy if anyone that actually plan to buy this game and played it till the end would rate and comment my review here."
76561198056807270,Recommended,284770,12118428,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Sammah,"This is a lovely little hidden-object/point and click game, which is very easy to recommend to fans of the genre.Enigmatis: The Mists of Ravenwood stands out from the hidden-object crowd due to its engaging story-telling, variety of puzzles and its polish.  No longer am I just looking for miscellaneous objects, I am actively engaged with the characters, and cannot wait to find out how I will MacGyver them out of their difficulties!The major let down of this title is that it is a sequel, and the first game is not available on Steam.  This is slightly frustrating.  I have not played the original, titles Enigmatis: The Ghosts of Maple Creek, however, after playing this, I am pretty sure I know the ending of it, which is a shame.  That being said, you can follow the story, and there is definitely no need to have played the predecessor to enjoy The Mists of Ravenwood.The only another negative aspect of this game, which is more of an annoyance, than a real criticism, is that the main protagonists voice acting is, at times, a little on the poor side.  However, the other characters are voiced to a much higher standard, and overshadow this minor flaw.  Besides, she actually does not speak enough for it to become annoying, except for in the case of the word “Sweetheart”.This game is a gem among hidden-object game.  Its quality is something I have come to expect from Artifex Mundi games, the developer seems focused on these types of hidden-object-puzzle-adventure games, and more often than not makes them well.  Excellent stories, backgrounds and characters are always included.With three difficulties, (though I would advise avoiding the lowest setting, as those helper sparkles will jump out on you just for taking a sip of coffee), steam achievements, collectables to find and a bonus story to be unlocked there’s a bit to do here, but nothing is overly frustrating.  All puzzles can be skipped, hidden-object areas can be replaced by a matching memory game, and there is the standard hint function to assist.Overall, if you love these types of games, you really really should play this game.  In addition, if you have never tried anything in this type of genre, this is an exceptional example to get you started on."
,Recommended,284770,12806595,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Elfana,"Oh man, what to say about this game! It's great! I'm completely in love with it, though I must admit I'm a huge fan of Hidden Object Games and Point and Click adventures. Even so, this still is one of my favourites to date.The game looks positively lovely, every new area entered is another masterpiece. I'm excited about things like birds flying away when hovering over them with the cursor and bushes moving in the background. The sounds (background and general gameplay noises) are amazing and the voice acting is pretty neat!The horrorish atmosphere is perfect, be sure to put on a headset! It's a neat blend between horror and casual, especially for a scaredy cat like me. I love mysterious settings and creepy legends but am usually too scared to play them. Psychological Horror and jumpscares really are the end of me, so this is a nice way to get my creepy fix without it ending in being too scared to go to bed at night.The puzzles aren’t very difficult but left me pleased when solved nonetheless. The Hidden Object parts of the game aren’t too messy or crowded with items, you can actually see what you’re looking at. You can also switch it up for a Card Matching Memoryish thing, if you’re more into that. At the beginning you can pick a difficulty, making the game harder if you’d wish to do so. I played it on the easiest setting because I’m a huge fan of plots and getting attached to the characters and wanted to focus on that for my first run.I'm on my second playthrough now, to get all achievements, and I'm still amazed by everything just as I was the first time half a year ago! Recently the first game of Enigmatis (Ghosts of Maple Creek) was released on Steam and I’m simply dying to play that one too. (Yes, I’m aware I’m not playing them in the right order but that didn't really bother me. I just want to play all games by Artifex Mundi!)TL;DR One of my favourite HOG Point&Click games."
,Recommended,284770,13073751,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,SideshowLi,"Good hidden-objects game. Decent story background and fluent gameplay. The music and sound effect are also excellent. For couple of time, it got me with the startles, which is a nice job. On the other hand, this game has some problems with linking the scenes IMO. Once there're some items in my hand, but nothing is working on anything. The solution turns out to be talking to the prisoner and obtaining one from him. BOOYAH. But despite of the flaws, I like this game in general. It reminds me those old days of finding objects, solving puzzles, and looking up unknown vocabularies. BTW. hidden-object games is one of the best learning environments for non-english-native speakers to enrich vocabularies."
,Recommended,284770,10399764,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DMNinja,"I never feel like writing a game review, only because i am not aware of what to write, so this one will be simple:Very few games have made me complete them in one sitting, and even fewer are completed to 100% of the content.Enigmatis, the only other point and click game(the first being Myst IV)  that i have ever played, managed to make me complete it in one sittingThe story is wonderful, the design is is light, but it disguises a heavy darkness underneath. The audio is immersive and superb, and i did enjoy the voice acting of ""The Captive""If i REALLY had to be nitpicky, i would have a small gripe with the exposition throughout the story, and some of the protagonist's delayed clarity momentsMINOR SPOLER ALERT (mostly involving a Dagger)overall, if i did have to rank the game, it ould be a solid 8.5 to 9 in my book, and i would wholeheartedly recommend it for the years to comeDMNinjaEDIT: Proof of the one-sitting completion (current session time/total session time/achievements and date of the review)http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/579024353808888044/C07A0F57306B4E1ECF27DEDBB5F2C499B05A0ABA/"
76561198050774066,Recommended,284770,11108243,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Badbazz,"I am not the type of person who usually enjoys games like this but i was impressed by it immensely.  It looks great with very good voice acting and a good story.  The puzzles are tricky for those not used to this type of game but i managed to do them with a little patience.  No need to have played the first game as like other point and click adventures, all is revealed as you play.Give this game a go if you ever played a point and click adventure and liked it, it is well worth the price."
,Recommended,284770,11107839,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,FeralOrchid,"I bought this game becausee it wasn't too much of an investment. I forgot that I bought and installed it and thought ""oh right, it's that cute point and click"". It is fun, the puzzles aren't too hard(frustrating) or too easy (boring) and you can change the difficulty settings. It's actually pretty creepy which was a nice surpriseand the unfolding story pulled me in. I really enjoyed this game and I liked the bonus storyline. I also appreciate that it comes with the soundtrack that you can download to your computer. It's a really well-made, fun, interesting game that is possible to play on a less than great computer and you can walk away from it without dying."
76561197999724711,Recommended,284770,11518094,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Trotyyli,Highly recomented.
,Recommended,284770,19569306,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,sayaridorondo,"I would say that this game is definately worth picking up if you like rich story and finding hidden objects. I picked it up on sale which is probably the best time to get this game. The graphics are amazing and the story happens to have quite a bit of depth to it. That being said, the only downisde is how I can see some people  may get frustrated easily at certain points because of the back tracking to find necessary items and missed object interactions. In these instances, it is best to take a break from the game for about ten to twenty minutes, or more, before attempting to continue. Overall it is still an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,284770,24561937,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,S_C_S_I,"The Mists of Ravenwood is the 2nd part of the Enigmatis story line. The main game is a point & click adventure, but combined with 3 types of sub-games. First there are puzzles, which are usually not too difficult to solve. Second there are the hidden object games, where you need to find a list of objects in a single scene. And third, a simple pairing game if you don't like to find the hidden objects.This is one of the best HOPA (hidden object puzzle adventure) out there on Steam! If you're new to this game genre, give this a try. I found the game addictive as you quickly pass puzzle by puzzle and the story line opens up. Not a must-play game, but quite entertaining. The voice acting can be cheesy at times, but hey, this is casual gaming!Looking forward to playing the final part of the Enigmatis trilogy!Score: 8/10Pro:+ nice graphics+ steady game progress+ thrilling story+ additional bonus storyContra:- none"
,Recommended,284770,21224689,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,andez,Great little point & click/hidden object game.All around very enjoyable to play.
76561198031032248,Recommended,284770,29563220,Posted: 29 January,all,oana,"Really good game.I got all the achievements after finishing it several times in a couple of days. There were some things I believe you cannot achieve from only 1 play, but the way the game is made it makes it quite easy and reliable to play for a second or third time. I can rarely say that about a hidden object game. Loved the graphics even more than the first Enigmatis. That raven attacking really feels like he means business :) ."
,Recommended,284770,24490992,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,taytertOOT,"I really enjoyed this one. I got in a game pack with three others, but this one was by far the best.Really great storyline, nice voice acting. The puzzles were a bit tricky at some point, but still easy enough to get though. It did spook me a little at the start, but I loved the amount of gameplay you get out of it!This is a follow on from Enigmatis 1, which I haven't played, but I'm going to buy it as this game was stellar. Really recommend, I'd grab it in a bundle though to get some bang for your buck."
,Recommended,284770,22662250,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Waste of Semen,"Enigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwood is definitely one of Artifex Mundi's top Hidden Object/Detective games!Even though the first Enigmatis game (The Ghosts of Maple Creek) isn't as good as its sequel, I'd still recommend you play that one first because of the story and in order to get the best possible experience out of the game.Enigmatis: The Ghosts of Maple Creek is still a good game :)8.5/10"
,Recommended,284770,13299885,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,LadeeApocalypse™,"This is my favourite AM game and I really enjoyed playing it. I particularly liked the little girl in this game and the way that she tugged on my heartstrings and my passionate need to want to protect her and take her under my wing. I love the visuals and music in all AM games but this one really stood out for me and it's a game that I will want to play over and over. Do you like hidden object games? Do you like a good story with a compassionate feel to it? This is the game for you. I loved how all the hidden object scenes were clear and objects are genuinely difficult to find at times but I like a challenging game where I have to work at it. The puzzles are really good and they are quite challenging too. For me, it was a case of whether you are good at something or not. Some puzzles were easier than others but I didn't feel the need to tear my hair out. I also love that there is an option to either play hidden object or mahjong within the game. Everything about this game was exciting and I couldn't wait to finish it if I'm honest. The desire to find out what happens at the end was just too much and I needed to know! Lol. I feel like this with all AM games and it's not that I want to rush the game, I just want to see how it ends because that's how it keeps me gripped from start to finish. Everything about this game was clear, enjoyable and gripping and it's a definitely 10/10 for me. I love AM so much and they never fail to make me happy with their games. Every game is a new adventure. There are secrets, danger in some places, suspense and adventure and I promise you, you won't be disappointed. I can say honestly that there is nothing negative about this game unless you consider challenges to be negative, lol. Give it a try, what have you got to lose?"
76561198125645275,Recommended,284770,12490185,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ruthalexisjack,"I enjoyed the storyline as it gained suspense and twists as it developed & the game itself used unlikely solutions to the situation.  Despite my enjoyment causing me to complete the game in 3 days, I lost all my saved data when I returned to play the extra section and now i'm pretty much back at the beginning, it's very annoying."
,Recommended,284770,16101038,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zamug,"I'm not sure why I bought this game, I had already played another hidden object game I didn't enjoy. I guess it must have been on sale. But when I started playing, the story was immediately captivating. The game itself consists of simple puzzles that are interesting enough. Not a great game, but good enough to keep me playing for around four hours, to the end."
76561198024920171,Recommended,284770,14728324,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Brakkish,"Another excellent hidden object game. Better than the first Enigmatis (which was also good), this one is very well paced with interesting puzzles and collectibles. Really enjoyed the story."
76561198025512901,Recommended,284770,10410317,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,stefaan.dutry,"I have to say, Artifex Mundi has once again outdone itself.For me they are the absolute masters of the genre.This is the first ever hidden object game i've come across where the voice acting actualy matches the lip movement on the screen.This is thus far the best game I've played in it's genre.pro:* great story* great art style* diverse hidden object scenes* relatively long game* possibility to skip hidden object scene by doing a different game (pair matching in this case) (especialy useful for people who don't natively speak english and therefore have trouble finding an item)* cheap* great value for money* bonus adventure* last but not least: lip movement is in sync with soundcons:* most of the puzzles are ever so slightly too easy (that's personal and I wanted to have something for cons)"
76561198013130865,Recommended,284770,10489721,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Adryan,"Enigmatis 2 is a fun hidden object puzzle game with a rich, spooky story. The puzzles are logical, and the overall difficulty scalable, with hints available. I was very impressed with the imaginative storyline and the immersive atmosphere. The game is much more story-driven than puzzle-driven, so I never got bored with it. The artwork is well done, and the voice acting engaging, though the number of voice actors limited. Overall, this is an excellent buy in the $10 and under category.I would caution that the story is probably too dark for young children."
76561198141281689,Recommended,284770,10669133,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,singingwicked,"If you like a point and click mystery games, this one is pretty good. Didn't have to play the first game to really understand what was going on. The graphics aren't that bad but the storyline/mystery is pretty cool."
,Recommended,284770,10790125,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VENDETTA,"The first mix of point and click and hidden object puzzles game that I got to play and I must say that the developers did a great job on this. It's a nice detective story in a mysterious atmosphere, graphics are very nice and the puzzles are fun. Really a great genre mix, I want more :)"
,Recommended,284770,10372104,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,camothsway,"Every once in a while it's nice to switch to a game without time limits, stressfull shooting sequences or racing around in a car and just relax with a point and click game that's not Myst-like difficult.Enigmatis is this type of game. It's colourfull, the graphics are decent (even the cutscenes) and the pace is whatever you want it to be.You can see that the developers made a fair effort to make your journey through this game as pleasent as possible. Letting you skip cutscenes, decide wether you want to go after collectables or not, fast travel to areas you have been before, letting you skip puzzles if they take you too much time/effort and having a hint system that works well.Not that the puzzles are particularly hard. They're actually quite easy. Yet, not so easy to where you don't need to think at all to solve them.It all takes place in a bright mystical forest where you as a detective stumble upon some events that clearly need investigating. Without spoiling too much; you come across a campervan that looks like it's been in some sort of crash. When you go inside, you find a little girl hiding. As she tells you what evil has happened to her, you soon feel compelled to help out.The characters aren't really memorable and the story isn't great, but the game does a great job in making you want to discover the magical forest and the puzzles that are within.If you are looking to spend some time clicking away without having to think or strategise very much, this is a great game.Buy if:- On sale. I got it for under 5 euro's, which I think is good value- You want to play a relatively easy point and click puzzle game- You like bright colours and butterflies (when you play the game, you'll know what I'm talking about)Don't buy if:- You're expecting Myst-like difficulty- You think it's scary/horror (it's not, even though they advertise it that way)Positives:- Nice graphics, bright colours, clearly has some effort put into it- Well designed, fast travel, good hints system, can skip puzzles and cutscenes- Easy, but not a total cakewalkNegatives:- Voice acting not always great, especially the main character feels like she's just reading out loud sometimes- Story feels flat- You spend a lot of time looking for parts of things to make them open and give you other parts for other things. --> Gets a little repetative after a while"
,Recommended,284770,10475139,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Lw Lilmissliss,"was interesting even though the voices were clearly over edited they were clear and it was easy to navigate around the game, I found this, although interesting, a rather easy game and if the storyline wasn't decent i would've stopped playing all together. The graphics are lacking in some areas but the constant puzzles and hidden challenges like finsing butterflies and illusionary objects make the game more interesting and keeps your eyes constantly busy, this game also allows for an option between a search and find game and a matching cards game which i thought was also a good option to have when looking into a wider user. I think the game ended quite badly however and would've liked to have seen a more thorough and bigger plot twist in the end as it was rather predictable throughout."
76561198135560400,Recommended,284770,11020382,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Trender1st,"Love how this game isn't just another hidden object. It involves puzzle solving, logic detective work, etc. and a great in depth story line. Hard to not play this and stop. Incredible graphics and animation too."
,Recommended,284770,11409356,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Runas,"Bought this game during sales, without sincerely double-checking whether it was worth it or not.To my surprise, it was a rather interesting adventure - Hidden objects hybrid detective game. The plot was quite catchy; Subliminal messages suggesting to the player several interconnections between the characters, as well as possible outcomes.Personally, it took me a (steam) played time of 4 hours to complete the main story and the subplot that unlocks right after.P.S Overall really pleasant experience."
76561198075234627,Recommended,284770,10367852,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,hateball,Nice point and click adventure. I enjoyed the voice acting and art style.
,Recommended,284770,11139925,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,be,there are people in barrels.  this game is awesome.
,Recommended,284770,15222356,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bob,"I bought this game on a whim and now I must buy everything this developer has every made! Beautiful artwork, nice well paced story and satisfying varied puzzles made me love every minute of this game. The first game was not available on steam when I bought this but not playing it is no impediment to enjoying this game. The only minor complaint I have is the facial animations fall a bit into the uncanny valley."
,Recommended,284770,16223555,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Thalatte,"The Mist of Ravenwood is the second installment of Enigmatis series by Artifex Mundi. Previous installment of this series: The Ghosts of Maple Creek. There's somewhat a rumor of there might be a third game in this series. It hasn't been comfirmed by the developer as of yet.ReviewGame Menu Option: Two section – Volume and Miscellaneous settings. The volume section has the following: Music and Sound. The miscellaneous section has the following: Custom Cursor, Voice Overs, Difficulty Mode and Full Screen. Wide Screen is automatically supported in the game.Game Difficulty Modes: Three game difficulty modes – Casual, Advanced and Expert.Cinematic/Dialogue Scenes: All cinematic scenes can be skipped if you do not want to watch them. They can be watch over again under the cutscene section the extras. But only after the entire game is completed. There is an option for skipping the entire dialogue scene without having sit through it.Voice Overs: Nothing much can be said about the voice overs asides from that they are well done.Game Music/Sounds: Nothing much can be said about the music/sounds asides from that they fit well with the game.Game Graphics: Nothing much can be said about the graphics asides from that they are nicely drawn with a painted feel to them.Inventory Panel: There is a lock option for the inventory panel. Easy access for the items that are collected in the game.Notebook: Three sections – Notes, Objectives and Illusive Objects. Illusive Objects section does not appear in the notebook until at least one is found.Map: The map interactive with useful indicators; map icons/markers. The legend on the map explains the function for each of the map icons. The ability to fast travel to another location and back. The map is separated from the notebook.Evidence Board: Evidences from the case are place and sorted then connected to the suspect.Hidden Object Gameplay: Shadow Items, Fragmented Items, Traditional Word list with some and/or no interaction required. The hidden object scenes can be replayed in the hidden object puzzle section in the extras. However, they can access only after the game is fully completed.Pair Matching Gameplay: This game feature is optional for those who don’t want to go looking for items in hidden object scenes.Puzzle Gameplay: Most of the puzzles are fairly easy to solve. Some puzzles has extra puzzles in them to solve.There is a skip button if the puzzle(s) becomes too tasking to solve.Game Ending: There is an ending for the main portion of the game. The bonus chapter portion is somewhat take place before and after the main portion of the game.Game Achievements: In game and Steam. There are six different sets of achievements to earn. Mini Game – three in total, Collectables – three in total, Illusive Objects – three in total, Story – thirteen in total, Hidden Objects – five in total, Pair Matching – three in total and Deduction – five in total. Altogether there are thirty-five achievements. Each of the achievements has their own requirements before they can be unlocked.Game Collectables: Two different kinds of collectables – Illusive Objects and White Butterflies.Game Concept Art/Wallpapers: Concept Art – Eight in total and Wallpaper – Eight in total.Game Soundtrack: Eight soundtracks from the game.Game Encyclopedia: Facts about Redwood.Game Length: There are eight chapters in the main portion of the game. The bonus chapter portion of the game mostly likely to have at least two chapters the most.Game Trading Card/Badge: This a special feature only available in the Steam’s version of the game. The game drops three different trading cards only once and the rest of the cards: Community Market, Booster Packs and Trading. The game badge can be crafted after having all the card in the inventory then it can be upgraded four more times.http://store.steampowered.com/app/284770Reviews for the games in this series:Enigmatis: The Ghosts of Maple CreekEnigmatis 2: The Mists of Ravenwood"
76561198026663444,Recommended,284770,10398319,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BeZeeZack,Few dollars well spent. :)
76561198004272985,Not Recommended,284770,24049661,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,alvilda,"Graphics and voice acting is a bit clunky. If you're over 15 years old, the puzzles are too easy and the 'scary' parts are kind of camp ('oh no! a skeleton hand fell out!'). Story is alright, it's what made me play the 1,5 hours that I did."
76561198098120694,Recommended,284770,10691935,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fabinator,This game was fun.
,Recommended,284770,10417902,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,IDI NAHUI,This is my Favorite game. Great Point n Click game. Great Soundtrack but some cut-scene had rough image. If you like adventure and point n click game you have to play this game.
,Recommended,284770,13801301,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,small iguana,this game is Good.......almost too good. but it probably needs like 17 more ravens to make it the Ultimate Game
,Recommended,284770,13415553,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Gluth,"Have you seen any game of this kind where there is no large pile of dead bodies, where there is no darkness, and little butterflies fly everywhere dancing in the warm light of sun?Me either.This was just an illusion.Currently the best hopa game I've played, seen or heard of (and you may believe me, there were hundreds of them). There is no internal spoilers, good, nicely building story. Not-so-easy puzzles and butterflies!"
76561198316828749,Recommended,284770,30341122,Posted: 5 March,all,dimon.aslanov,игра интересноя советую тем кто людит говолаломки
76561197970078168,Recommended,284770,18129989,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,hermetico,"A good point&click and hidden-object game, with nice puzzles and a good story.Bad point for translation, it's so bad that's difficult to guess which object are you trying to find, by example"
76561198039084215,Recommended,284770,34117862,Posted: 8 August,all,De Luca - InvestGames,InvestGames:https://investgamesblog.wordpress.com/- BLOGhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvDyLS4_kwbz8gYallU5g
76561198003375076,Recommended,284770,12296487,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),Muito BOM !!!!
,Recommended,284770,32144893,Posted: 2 June,all,|| Drogon ||,"Yeah, good one. I think I don't have to say more, becausee you know"
76561198012872922,Recommended,284770,30365129,Posted: 6 March,all,jerebear,i
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,284770,23509386,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,The story continues a few years after the first game and is quite a letdown.
,Not Recommended,284770,14211017,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bel,5/10Pros:- Real release. Little or no bugs.Cons:- Gameplay is quite linear and restrictive. Would have been much better as more of a 'choose your own adventure' style than a plain story. Mystery element is not bad in either case.
76561198268098873,Not Recommended,284770,21521593,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,brett,urgh. aimed at Mums. Very cheesy.
76561198122354912,Recommended,284770,12196227,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Aliganna,"Awesome game. Had a great story line and beautiful graphics. Is short, I fifnished it in a few hours but it was like a book you just can't put down. The extra story in the game is equally fun to play as well. If you enjoy point and click aventures, then I highly recomend this one."
,Recommended,284770,12139937,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ashwinpande,"This is my first review on Steam. I'm not a review guy but this game was so much fun I really wanted to add my voice to the list of people recommending this game in the customer reviews section.Yes, it is mostly a hidden object game but this game really has a great story that will draw you in. I was expecting some fluff like other hidden object games I've played and got bored of after the first few levels/puzzles but this actually has a fairly dark and compelling plot. It's well written and immersive. And the cutscenes, for a lower budget game, are quite well made and effective. The voice acting isn't the greatest, unfortunately, but it still doesn't hamper the story and ultimate enjoyment of the game.For the low price of this game it is absolutely worth buying. I highly recommend it if you're into experiencing a casual adventure story."
,Recommended,284770,12156114,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,G13n,Wow what an amazing puzzle adventure game! Loved it!! Please bring out more like these!!! You will not be disapointed!!
76561198066809774,Recommended,284770,12091139,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,tifa412,loved it all great puzzles
,Recommended,284770,16991499,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"Better and more diverse than the first Enigmatis. While the storyline isn't too great, the game process is interesting and, if you're a perfectionist like me, you will likely spend some hours getting all the achievements."
76561198187372565,Recommended,284770,16991880,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Josie,A captivating and fun hidden objects game!
,Recommended,284770,17246985,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Camouflage,"The gameplay is good, but... as of July 27, 2015, this game has a HUGE memory leak.  The longer you play without exiting the game and restarting, the delay between scenes gets longer and longer.  I've played several Artifex Mundi games and have enjoyed them.  The enjoyment of this one was tainted by poor performance towards the end.  I hope they fix it for future players.  Just be aware of it if you want to purchase it.  My suggestion would be to exit the game and restart after you get about halfway through.  I don't want to mention any spoilers, but you can get an idea that you're roughly halfway through since there is a pieced together narrative that you have to collect tokens for.  When you have collected about half of the tokens, do yourelf a favor and exit the game.  Restart it and finish the story.  You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,284770,17172614,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"The puzzles in this one are more varied than the last game and I do like that. The story seems to have picked up and become more interesting, but clearly isn't finished by the end of this game. It's not very different from Enigmatis in many other respects - perhaps some more sophisticated 3D cutscenes. If you liked the first one, you'll enjoy this. ***"
,Recommended,284770,17287646,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mickmane,"I like these games for the puzzles (mini games), I would be happy with just them and no Hidden Objects and no story. Often enough the rest is fun too though.First (as I had to scroll through endless reviews to find that information): There's fast travel. Though a bit compressed, you get to jump to one place from where you can reach a few other locations. I prefer a spot on the map for every location.The story here is interesting, though the twist is a bit obvious. I kept saying to the game,""It's the Priest.""but would it listen? Also, the background rubbed me the wrong way. I don't mind obvious myths put into games, I do mind myths put into games that far too many people world-wide think are real. Makes it look like the game claims it's real.The hidden object games are just right for my taste (medium difficulty), no endless searching for the last invisible object. I also like that you return to previous spots to find more objects from the same clutter. I think for once that part was the most fun (what with all the other things I complain about).The puzzles are ok. Got a bit used to ever the same kind by now, though, the novelty has worn off a bit.The pair matching as alternative to the hidden object games is a bit weird. Other alternatives I've seen were more fun. I hope they don't put this one into other games. (Playing through again for that was no fun, just a chore.)I don't like the achievements at all. Especially ""find n of whatever for an achievement"". That just distracts from the story and hampers immersion. At least in the second play through I only had to find the ones I missed the first time round. Trying to get all the butterflies in one play-through in-game, even with guide, still failed. Must have been distracted by the game at some point and missed one.And I'd much prefer the achievements for all hidden object/all alternate games could be done via the extras, not needing a 2nd play through (which, due to achievements, is still more concerned with them than the story and scenery, never mind that all the cut scenes just get skipped).I also don't really need cut scenes. I'd rather play than watch something doing its own thing. Plus, the butterfly on the teddybear goes missing within one scene early on. There in one position, gone in another.For once I didn't turn the music off first thing, and apart from a few times where it became a bit repetitive, it didn't bother me.It's a nice game, but would have been a lot more fun without those stupid achievements. I was hoping for something mystery when it turned up on sale on my wishlist. Starting it eagerly with enjoyment, that was quickly ruined by achievements. (I'm getting ever more annoyed with achievements across all sorts of games.  Recently added Terraria achievements interfered with what I actually wanted to do in the game. A while ago Hexcells achievements about perfection were just plain waste of time due to having to copy a state from screenshot after a misclick, every damn time... They just never add anything, only interfere with actually playing the game.)I guess there's no hope that Steam gives me a button to simply turn them all off.On the bottom line, if they don't bug you, this game is recommendable."
,Recommended,284770,18342677,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,TheOfficialPickleInspector,"really good game, really wish they cut down on animating people talking, or just left people out entirely... they look....unsettling"
,Recommended,284770,18631854,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SevernFyre,"While I very much enjoy all Artifex Mundi games, I especially love a surprise. I really love the idea of creating your own story and while this game did not employ that technique, I felt that I was nearly controlling some aspects of interacting with my hidden helper by choosing when and what to discuss, and what I would get, if anything in return. The musical score was hypnotic, I could easily listen to it and the cut scenes actually made me feel part of the action, You can feel sure of where you need to go with an object without trudging around a dozen items and going back and forth across 6 maps.  As a mystery fan I feel immersed in a great story, thumbs up to all the people who worked on this game series and who continue to make them more than just a static HO genre."
76561198222351464,Recommended,284770,18650372,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,sandiego.ana,This explains more on motivation for the bad guys from the last game and ends with an awsome cliff hanger.
,Recommended,284770,18805576,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gallifreyja the Dreamer 🌈,The colours are vivid and the story is very awesome. I started playing and couldn't put it down! Such a great game!!
,Recommended,284770,18279558,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,acid,"6h game 2,4€, couple of challenging puzzles and a history that is not bad writen at all.I recomend to get it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,284770,19100860,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WonderpRnch♥I.,"Usually these kind of games are boring, but here I loved the storyline, and I actually was very interested in what happens next. I totally recommend this game for everyone who wants to try something besides the most popular action games on steam."
76561198101115250,Recommended,284770,13933821,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,greytrek19,"Perhaps the best offering yet from Artifex Mundi. The setting is intriguing (if sometimes oddball), and the story, while nothing special in itself, is well told and atmospheric. The hidden object sequences are solid, as is most of the interactive problem solving. I had to resort to skipping a couple of the puzzles, but overall, especially given its general polish and reasonably satisfying length (for the genre), it's a good option."
76561198004656732,Recommended,284770,16561208,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Elsu,"For those who enjoy point and click and puzzle games this (and Enigmatis 1) is the best game to get by far! :D The animation, art and story are beautiful and exciting. There is thrilling murder+magic involved. There are some hidden collectibles in the game as well, so visiting every scene has a lot of things to do."
76561198141941833,Recommended,284770,17449611,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SheHulkDeb,"I really liked this game, good story and I quite liked trying to find the butterflies. Definitely kept me engrossed!"
76561198198373671,Recommended,284770,17979576,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,vera.parcheli,Best !
,Recommended,284770,13967054,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Momentai,"Just... amazing. The animations, the story, the characters, the illusion world... all of it. One of the best HOG games I've ever played. It worth every step. Can't wait to Enigmatis 3. 10/10"
76561198142037986,Recommended,284770,14571913,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AZDesertRat,"I really enjoyed playing this game!   It has such a variety of things to do, like hidden objects, puzzles, and collecting items.  Since buying it, I've played it over and over to get all the achievements.  It's challenging, the graphics and animaton are lovely, and the voiceovers, wow!  The little girl is really cute.  I highly recommend this game and the developers.  I have 3 other of their games and they are all superb and run perfectly in Linux."
76561198055998007,Recommended,284770,15994293,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,camcc0501,This story line runs so smoothly. I love it.
76561198166091312,Recommended,284770,16034390,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,LeFleurDuMal,Love puzzles!
76561198011362068,Recommended,284770,16107253,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Battle Brother Invictus,"A nice Puzzle/Mystery game, a bit short though, but the atmosphere is tense and the puzzles are ranged in difficulty from very hard to pathetically easy ;). I got it for 2 bucks, on a sale, money well spent on a nice game. Overall it's more like 7-8 Hours since I left the game on once for an hour or so."
76561198037684034,Recommended,284770,13822330,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Absent.Minded,"I did not think I would like this as much as I do, these are great games for me to play with my kids. Point and click with a good story."
,Recommended,284770,13677853,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Keisha,"For any HOG fan, I totally recommend this game.  I did not play the first Enigmatis but I will absolutely buy it now.  You can still follow and make sense of this game without the knowledge of the first one.  Aside from about halfway through the game I wanted to SCREAM a spoiler I can't type here about the door, it was really good and kept me on my toes.  Lots of different puzzles to keep you interested.  Only took me 10 hours because I played the extra and would occasionally walk away from my computer.  Great game. :)"
76561198040044719,Recommended,284770,13766944,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ari,Absolutely marvelous. They've added little hidden mechanics in the find the object scenes that make them even more entertaining. The dialogue is seamless and the animations are one of a kind. They've really managed to spice this one up. The story is wonderful and much more enlightening then the first one. A must play for all hide and seek/hidden object/ point and click fans!
76561198127738960,Recommended,284770,13738171,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,GoldenBuffy,"I love a good point a click with a great mystery and intriguing storyline. Not to mention beautiful yet creepy scenery. Enigmatis: The Mists of Ravenwood delivers on all fronts. The pictures are easy to see, so you're not spending a long time squinting trying to find hidden objects, and if you don't like those they have find and match mini puzzles instead. Even the animated scenes are pretty decent. Even the voice acting was good! For me the game did not get repetitive at all. The only thing I wish I had done was check for the first game before I played this one. Other than that I'd give this game 4.5 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,284770,13489935,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,gotlostintheuniverse,many more corpses than i expected (much more than in sirens of the deep). 10/10
76561198121334224,Recommended,284770,21720693,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jakerussell17,"Beautiful graphics, feels like you're in a fairy tail of a book."
,Recommended,284770,21958554,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"A solid casual HO game - Excellent graphics, good voice acting, decent story, good puzzles, etc.An overall improvement over Enigmatis 1 and a solid model for modern HO puzzle games."
76561198071608439,Recommended,284770,21237448,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,zpgoldman,Great Hidden Object game
76561198052712637,Recommended,284770,19787344,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,TokSick,"Well smack my face, but i enjoyed this game. Played this game on easy mode just to find the story and skipped the mini games and used hints so it took me 4 hrs....imagine if you DON'T use them and play hard mode? it will take you to over 20+ hrs i think. Defo i recommend it"
76561198238849744,Recommended,284770,19861690,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CrystalBooness,I played this with my daughter and enjoyed it so much we downloaded the first one.  It was very enjoyable and loved the story line.  The searches were done very well.  Graphics were very good as well.
76561198069877806,Recommended,284770,19977580,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ur Game Buddy,"Dear Artefix,all is good. Make riddles harder and add new types as they get repetitive.Great story - waiting for part three finale.Make it a bit more challenging.Yours truly,the Fan."
,Recommended,284770,17424293,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,kiminoa,"Butterflies. Lots of them. :| I have an irrational dislike of butterflies.However if, unlike me, you like butterflies, this is a lovely game. Good voice acting, interesting plot, great cut scenes, challenging puzzles, cool bonus content, immersive game play."
,Recommended,284770,20684506,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,vbatzakis,"Very good puzzles, keeps you in the game. Having played the whole series it has a beautiful story and covers all the questions about the characters and the whereabouts. I really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,284770,24926812,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Mighty If,"I played through this game today and have very little criticism for it. It's an engaging hidden object game which develops the story of the first game in the series into something much more gripping and interesting. I'm really looking forward to the next game.Drawbacks: As before the bonus adventure is very weak compared to the main game, with some terrible translation into English, and just in general a less gripping story. However, this has improved a lot since the first game.Also, you will have to play the main game at least twice through to get all of the achievements, and the game and Steam differ to some degree on counting your achievements. (I believe the game requires you, for example, to find all Illusory Objects and Ethereal Butterflies on a given playthrough, whereas Steam gives you the same achievement even if you find some of them on one playthrough and some on the other. And there were a few achievements I got without being notified, such that I kept trying without realizing they were complete. The second playthrough unfortunately doesn't go *that* much faster than the first.I would say that total playtime is about four hours for the first playthrough, an hour for the bonus adventure, and three hours for a ""quick"" second playthrough to mop up achievements. This may not sound like a ton of game compared to other genres, but it's on par with most hidden object games and presents a reasonably good story.All in all, if you like the genre or liked the first game in the series, this is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,284770,24651204,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,The3oLand,"A very good HOG where the puzzles fit the story of the game. What helped was that unlike Enigmatis 1, this one wasn't localized for Dutch. The latter suffered from some very poor translation causing more confusion than was necessary. The story it self is decent being half detective and half occult. The plot twist was coming a mile away, but that's OK for me. Animations were decent and voice acting OK'esh. A bit stilted due to limitations of the engine they use.All in all a solid game."
,Recommended,284770,24620340,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MaxAV,"Long, intense, interesting, adult.One of the best HO games i've played so far.Play the 1st episode before playing this one!9/10"
,Recommended,284770,26571004,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sellsyboy13,This game has got me craving more. Here i come number 1 and 3 of the Enigmatis series. Loved the story and the challenging puzzells. Great Game!
76561197967462097,Recommended,284770,26503464,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,K0ZY,Really well put together. lots of content and well animated. Varied puzzles. For 4 euro you are getting a great package.
76561198083522397,Recommended,284770,26329622,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,infamy,"10x Better then the first, finding what the preacher actually is, was cool.iz naice, 10/10"
76561198091380166,Recommended,284770,25832484,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kyroshiro,"I'm a big fan of point and click puzzle games, and if you are too, you will probably really enjoy this game. I recommend playing it in one sitting. I played it in one sitting, and it took me about 4.5 hours. Worth the fullprice with the bonus content.8/10"
76561197992551560,Recommended,284770,26158573,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Cthulhumon,Good continuation of the story
76561198029739278,Recommended,284770,23622088,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,marcpullen,"This is a really nicely done game! For the style of game and mix of different puzzles and combining stuff, really enjoyable all around. Maybe not good for little kids (little dark). It's laid back."
76561198173457771,Recommended,284770,24102112,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,moon2stars,"I liked this one better than the first.  The graphics were beautiful.  The fast map made for easier navigation.  The illusive objects and the ethereal butterflies were a nice addition.  The number of achievements available were great.  I didn't have to stress so much over skipping or using the hint button if needed.  The plot was alittle predictable, but not so much that it ruined the game.  Would recommend."
,Recommended,284770,22733035,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tau,Concept: 10Graphics: 9Fun: 9Logic: 7Translation to German: 98.8/10
76561198158004807,Recommended,284770,28842549,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zorinda,"A nice continuation of the story, Enigmatis 2 not only looks prettier than Enigmatis 1, but also adds a few new things to the mix. Though I found the puzzles to be generally on the easy side, certainly easier than the first game, I liked the addition of finding the illusive objects and ethereal butterflies. At around 7 1/2 hours of gameplay, I think this game is fun and worthwhile, especially if you get it on sale."
76561198214770952,Recommended,284770,30005157,Posted: 18 February,all,joepanther2,At first I didn't know if this game was going to be any good but once i started playing i couldn't stop.
76561198277755622,Recommended,284770,29639094,Posted: 1 February,all,LouPie,"a very fun point and click / hidden object game :)i must admit sometimes the voice acting bothered me now and then, as it sounded very... for want of a better phrase, primary school play - likeI really enojoyed all the puzzles and i thought that having the two play style options depending on your preference was a very good idea for anyone not found of one or the other. (choices being: doing hidden object puzzles or memory card games).To then discover the price of this luxury to choose how you play, was quite disheartening.So essentually, in order to 100% complete the game with every single achievement you MUST play twice. No there is no way around it. This is because there are achievements surrounding hidden object mini games and also surrounding the memory card game. Both have achievements requiring that you complete every single mini game of that catagory, (hog / memory card game).I ended up having to play the entire game 3 and 1/2 times. because on my first play through i wasnt aware of this, so i screwed a few things up.Also note, having achievements across multiple profiles that total up to having 35/36 achievements on steam wont award the achievement for having 35/36 achievements. it must all be on 1 profile, when you earn 35/36 achievements in game youll then be rewarded the final achievment on both the game and steam.Anyways, this ended up being quite fustraiting and it kinda ruined it for me...If i had to rate this game out of 10, (10 being awesome and 1 being awful) without the achievement sneaky sneaky play our game twice+ sneaky sneaky, then i'd probably rate it 7 and 1/2.But counting the sneaky achievment thing and it being fustrating, Imma rate this 6/10.I'd still highly reccomend this, but with a warning to anyone who feels a great need to complete games 100%"
,Recommended,284770,27076756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DelArco,One of the best hidden object games I ever played.I highly recommend to play the first episode before starting this one for a better understanding on the story.
76561198181422795,Recommended,284770,31909553,Posted: 22 May,all,Dolphin Lover,"I would recommend this HOG to anyone I know, It has great animation and a really good storyline with up to 6 hours of gameplay (not including bonus story)! This was my first HOG and Artifex Mundi game (not actually knowing it was a HOG), and now I have fallen in love with both!!! It is fine to play this one first of the series, as It is like a completely different story (but you should definitely play the other ones in the series aswell)!!!! You definitely need to buy this game now and tell all your friends about it!!!btw, I had this on ios before I got it on steam, if u see how much I played on herep.s HOG stands for Hidden Object Game"
76561197968073802,Recommended,284770,34820613,Posted: 8 September,all,[LR] Laffi,"Enigmatis 2 is the continuation of the Enigmatis series, and this time it takes us to Ravenwood where mysterious kidnappings have found places. Also the ""bad guy"" from the last game might reside there. Our detective gets to the location of Ravenwood and really weird things start to happen.The game is pretty well made, and even though it's pretty straight forward how to things, you still need to scratch your head or backtrack alot to get to your goal.The music and graphic is as always pretty good, and even though it's a point and click game in a forest (which I don't think is so unique), the many locations in the game makes it pretty interesting.All though the game and history is alright, I still liked the first one better. It had a more creepy atmosphere, and was a bit dark. This one is dark in it's own way, but the protagonist doesn't seem convincing enough to me."
