user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,284850,21673230,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Faudraline,"By each new game that I'm playing from Artifex Mundi, I could swear that I won't be surprised by anything that they'd be throwing my corner anymore. We know what we are getting ourselves into after this point. Amazing artwork, an engaging story and an exceedingly well gameplay for the HOG genre. But here I am, smiling peculiarly, thanks to the fact thatGrim Legends: The Forsaken Brideembraces my favorite setting and concept to tell a tale ever: folktales.In a nameless forest of Middle Eastern Europe, a young nameless girl clad in a simple hood runs - alone and frustrated - in a dreary rain. As she runs desperately, she asks out loud, as if expecting a possible answer: ""Why did you leave me? How could you do it?"" She runs towards a gruesome tree, sitting atop a jagged cliff. She keeps on with her soliloquy as she keeps climbing towards the top, looking over the bottomless chasm: ""All your professions of love! All your promises..."" As she reaches the top of the tree, she removes a beautiful emerald ring from her slender finger as she sheds one more tear. ""They were all lies!""...and she throws the ring to the chasm with all her broken might, as she utters a final damnation for the one who broke her innocent heart: ""Curse you and your heartless kin!""25 years after the fateful event, we take the role of a young woman in a journey towards the village of Haugwitz with her father in a silent evening. Our twin sister Lilly will be marrying to a handsome young man soon, and we are trying to arrive in time for the wedding. As we manage to reach after bit of a trouble and hope for Lilly's smiling face, the warmth of an inn and maybe getting to know the groom a bit better - not necessarily in that order - a dire bear attacks the village and kidnaps our sister before our very eyes! With the young groom who seems eager to play the hero, we venture out into the forest to get out sister back safe and sound. What dreadful business is this? Who is a friend, and who is a foe? More importantly, who is our family?Okay, I'm not usually in the habit of telling the introduction scene of HOGs this elaborately in my reviews, but for one reason or the other, this story and its opening scene really got me. It is desperate, reckless and dangerous - gothic in a romantic way; and maybe just the right amount of eerie to make out a wondrous folktale! Artifex Mundi goes forward to craft a beautiful game worthy of its reputation: gorgeous artwork, enchanting color palette and authentic cultural anecdotes combined into a wonderful setting for this first instalment of Grim Legends series. Every single scene is wallpaper quality, I tell you! Added decent enough voice acting and sorrowful soundtrack, the game presents high quality atmosphere for a HOG.Hidden object scenes are various and quite enjoyable with a domino gameplay alternative if you get bored. Puzzles are interesting, yet not really challenging. Interactive map is there, but you won't be needing it a lot since the backtracking is little to none. Gameplay is really story oriented in this one, so you keep moving according the plot anyhow. You'll be needing at least 2 playthroughs to collect all achievements - one for HOG scenes, one for domino completions - and over all, the game presents you 6-8 hours of play time - including a bonus chapter for your enjoyment.You can grabGrim Legends: The Forsaken Bridewith peace of mind to experience a beautiful and simple adventure. It's nothing complicated and the ending isn't anything miraculous, but I strongly recommend this one if you enjoy the genre or would like to try just for the sake of beautiful artworks. You are welcome!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198061743850,Recommended,284850,11827302,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Kamberley,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is a high quality adventure/hidden object game with a large variety of puzzles,  much moreso than many games in the genre. There are also many hidden collectibles and extra features in the Collector's Edition. The artwork is colorful and interesting. The story is solid as well. It takes about 4-5 hours to beat the game, though you would need to beat it twice to collect all of the achievements."
76561198017234432,Recommended,284850,11813359,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,obscure,"So far so good.The cut scenes are animated in much better fashion than most games of this genre. So far the story is not as cloyingly sweet as it could be, and the puzzles have been varied. There are 3 difficulty levels to choose from, so you can make it more challenging if you wish. I'd buy it again."
,Recommended,284850,17855574,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lady Zana,"Relaxing and challenging at the same timeGrim legends: the forsaken bride - Review""Why did you leave me?! How could you do it?! All your professions of love! All your promises...! They were all lies. Curse you and your heartless kin!""And so goes the dramatic intro scene ofGrim legends: the forsaken bride. Not knowing what I was getting myself into, I bought the game at a discounted price after seeing a very good friend play it. I remember looking at the store page and ridiculing it at first, thinking it was a 'stupid, little game'. Well in essence, it actually is that ... But it is so much fun that I told myself to review it right after completing the game. Now that I did, it is time to talk about what this game has to offer.First, I'd like to mention that this game probably won't be for everyone. Just like certain puzzle and point & click games, this game is played by a fairly limited amount of people. Not because it is bad, but because it is a very specific genre (that not everyone will like) that is targeted at a certain audience. So please keep that in mind.This game is specified as a HOG (hidden object game) and as its name implies, you play through the game finding hidden objects so that you can advance your adventure. You play through several scenes (or environments) and have to find objects that you can then use for certain actions, puzzles, hidden object scenes ... This pretty much sums up the gameplay and may not sound very exciting, but it's actually very satisfying. Even little and simple actions and puzzles are fun to do and solve.The great and calm soundtrack that I hear in the background really makes it a very soothing experience. The story kept me motivated to complete the game, even though it may not have been a unique one. I just loved playing this game inbetween my more 'serious' games and I am grateful that I discovered Artifex Mundi, the creater of amazing HOG's.I like+ A story that is not really unique, but still very enjoyable+ Ok voice acting+ Great, relaxing soundtrack+ Really satisfying gameplay+ Difficulty is just about right+ Attention to detail+ Decent length+ Extra little chapter!+ Overall fun and engaging experienceI don't like- /There's nothing I can think of right now. Maybe that's because this is my first HOG, or maybe that's because AM are amazing developers.ConclusionI recommend this to all HOG lovers for 100% and 99% to other people who never played a HOG before. You may end up liking it a lot like I did (and let's be honest, this game is pretty cheap, especially on a sale). I'm looking forward to playing other AM games for sure, hoping they are an experience as amazing as this one (or even better)!"
76561198138437975,Recommended,284850,11863922,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,MirandaKym,"There's not much I can say that the other reviewers haven't already. I've read through them all and I have to agree. In my opinion, this is an amazing game. Great story, good voice acting, fun puzzles, lots to look for (morphing objects and faerie spirits with very neat leaf wings), the cutest ever cat companion, very nice graphics, better than average music (found myself humming along), and more. One of the testaments of a great game is that you actually look forwards to playing it again to grab the rest of the achievements or try out puzzles you missed the first time around. I just beat the game and, after lunch, I'm starting over on expert and I'm going to enjoy the story all over again. Two thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,284850,13282432,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,🍒 Lilly (🌸◠‿◠),"I consider Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride to be the best game developed by Artifex Mundi and I can easily state that it might be one of the top 5 games of this genre ever released. Everything about this game is magic: the story, the setting, the design and the music.But what I liked the most about this game was the addition of a very cute companion that follows you throughout story. It is something different from the Hint system, its sole purpose being to help you solve some of the puzzles.Apart from the hidden object scenes (which you can alternate with a game of dominoes) there are a lot of other hidden collectibles that appear in the point-and-click scenes; collecting all these will unlock new surprises in the end.I highly recommend this wonderful game, not only to all the HoG fans out there, but also to anyone that wants to spend 4-5 hours chilling with a casual point-and-click adventure.More reviews on theLilly's Corner Curator page"
,Recommended,284850,19043631,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,N Quarter,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride, is definitely my favourite HOG so far. The story is enjoyable, and the Visuals are Beautiful. The Voice Acting of the Sister you play as was well done, but I did find some of the other Characters to be over done in parts.I found the Puzzles to be very interesting and never once wanted to skip one from being tedious. The added bonus of your little Kitty Companion [I Love Cats!] was also very welcomed!Although I also enjoyed the Music, I just found it to be looped way too much, and I would have much preferred a longer Soundtrack for it.Genre- Hidden Object / AdventureGame Elements- Hidden Object- PuzzleAverage Playthrough- 5 HoursLiked- Nice Puzzles- Great Visuals- Average Voice Acting- Cute Kitty Cat!Disliked- Good, but repetitive Music"
,Recommended,284850,11828812,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Elvoc,"This was a wonderful game, I usually do not play the hidden object games a lot but this one had a great story and the puzzles were very challenging. Once I started playing I couldn't stop until I had heard the whole story and completed the game. I also loved the fact that there was bonus content and lots of collectables. If you love a good story and like hidden object games with challenging puzzles than this is a great game for you.One of the features I truley enjoyed was having the option to either play dominos or do the hidden object part in the game, since i love dominos I used that option more often to solve the puzzles."
,Recommended,284850,15223441,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Erbkaiser,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is a great Hidden Object adventure game. The game is a mystery plot where the story is driven forwards by object puzzles. Most of the objects are found on the various screens of the worlds, but for others you will need to solve a puzzle or find hidden objects.The art is high quality and it is accompanied by a relaxing soundtrack. All dialogue is voice acted, and I have no complaints about any of the voice actors.What makes Grim Legends stand out from other HO games are two things: first, the developer has made it so that every puzzle can be bypassed: either by using the hint/skip button, or by solving a domino slide puzzle instead of the object searching.Secondly, during the main story you get a cat companion that helps you solve the puzzles. The cat is nearly always present on the toolbar and actually climbs out to enter the game world, which is a fun and pretty unique concept.Highly recommended to all hidden object game fans."
76561198110636085,Recommended,284850,11824960,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,FearfulSymmetry,"I really enjoyed this game, I think its my favourite from Artifex Mundi so far. The game has beautiful graphics and manages to create an interesting fantasy-like atmosphere. The puzzles make you think but aren't truly difficult, which means that you won't really get stuck, especially on the lower difficulty settings. If you don't like hidden object scenes, there is also the option to play a game of dominoes instead. As for the story: if you pay attention you can see some of the plot twists coming, but the tale is interesting enough to keep you hooked. On the whole, I'd definitely recommend this game."
76561198045141591,Recommended,284850,23442848,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is a nice and cute point and click adventure game. It isn't really one of my favorite games, and I probably won't replay it, but there is nothing directly bad about it, and it certainly isn’t among any of the games I dislike. It is worth the money, and I don’t regret buying or playing it. I will recommend it for anyone that likes the old kinds of tales (fairy tales, sagas, legends, moral stories), as it gave me that kind of vibe.I don't understand the choice of making the game in first person. The character has a backstory, voice actor, and no dialogue options. And through the game we see what she looks like. Personally I would have preferred the game in third person, but then again I almost always prefer third person. Doesn't really affect my recommendation of the game, as first or third person is more of a preference. But while I can see the appeal for shooters and games where your character is a blank slate, I don’t think it matches for an adventure game.The story is nice and very easy to follow, but still manages to have some twists along the way, that I didn’t see coming from the start. That being said… I felt it was a bit too dramatic at times for the gameplay and puzzle solving. Being point and click and relying on puzzle solving invites for a more thoughtful and calculating approach, which doesn’t really match well with a story that presents characters with immediate danger and side characters trying to make you hurry. But most of the puzzles were fun.As for the characters themselves. Like I said it felt very much like the old kinds of tales, so the characters aren’t really all that deep or interesting to me, BUT I don’t feel they are meant to be. The way I see it, it is a type of story where the characters are meant to be quickly identifiable, keeping the focus on the events and enchanting tale rather than the characters experiencing them."
,Recommended,284850,23404629,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thetigerisariver,"I love hidden objects immensely. I liked playing them on my tablet, but grew frustrated with endless microtransactions so I switched over to paid titles.This game is a pleasant member of it's genre. It has well designed puzzles and beautiful backgrounds and the hints ensure you don't get frustrated or stuck (of course, you don't have to use them if you are looking for a more ""hardcore"" experience). The story is a fairytale so it's not exactly filled with unexpected twists (at least if you are familiar with similar stories) but it's ok.Also, for most of the game you are accompanied by an adorable orange kitten. What more do you want in a game.(be advised that the actual playtrough takes four hours at most, and the game has very little replayability unless you are going for all the achievments like I am)"
,Recommended,284850,25371383,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I liked the story of this HOG, but the game is somewhat short. So I recommend getting it on sale. Also the art work is extremely pretty on this one!6/10."
76561198142240214,Recommended,284850,13039356,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mr. Otterton,Very good game. There was different things to do and not just looking for hidden objects. I was surprised that there was a great story and I was really involved in it!
,Recommended,284850,15144004,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Diddyyst,"The more Artifex Mundi games I play, the more I like them; I've played hidden object games for years, browser based and for PC and the quality Artifex put into their games really can't be ignored.Anyway, enough of the developer♥♥♥♥♥♥licking, onto the pros and cons!ProsMusic: Usually I'll play games like these on silent so I can listen to music/video in the background, but I found with this game I wanted to listen it. The music is beautifully atmospheric and I found myself surprised that a point and click hidden object game had better music than some AAA titles.Graphics: This game looks stunning for what it is. Everything is vividly coloured and the scenes are a pleasure to take in. Yeah, the graphics aren't fantastic, but it's a point and click game, and it makes an extra effort to look pretty.Storyline: The storyline picks up fast and features a short interactive sequence after the first cutscene to get to grips with how everything works, there's no faffing around getting in to the plot. I will also shamelessly admit that a couple of scenes had me getting a bit teary-eyed, so I can't complain a jot about the story-telling (however I'm a hormonal mess at the best of times, so just bare that in mind :D).Difficulty settings: The game features three different difficulty modes with varying downsides, a bonus if you like a bit of punishment in the brain department.Map travel: Like other Artifex Mundi games, you can quick travel using the map, which saves you a hell of a lot of time. On easier difficulty modes you can also see which areas have actions available which is a good help when you've been scouring every inch of every screen for a while!Achievements: The game features a good amount of achievements which are relatively easy to accomplish (most coming from the natural progression of the storyline), making this game a good buy for people who like to 100% things.Extra game: You get access to an extra, short game called The Abyss following the completion of the main story. What it lacks in duration it more than makes up for in content and boasts a couple extra achievements for those interested.ConsGame interface: The UI can get a bit irritating at times, namely the massive bar that pops up at the top of the screen when you interact with things. When on the hidden object parts, clicking an interactive object before you have the corresponding piece will block off a chunk of the top of the screen. It can also feel a bit cluttered at times because of this. Not a massive issue, though when going for the timed achievements (such as getting x number of hidden objects within x seconds) it can be a bit of a hinderance.Footsteps: This was the single most annoying thing in the entire game for me, which is silly in hindsight because it's such a small issue. Basically, whenever you move from scene to scene, you hear your character's footsteps. When you consider moving from room to room fairly quickly it grates - though this could just be me.Buttons: This is again to do with the UI, but a different issue. There's a few buttons at the bottom of the screen that let you click to see how many bonus hidden objects you've found (in this game it's fairies and out of place items, in a few Artifex Mundi games it's been seahorses and the like), however it's right next to the map button, which means you can accidentally hit the wrong button. Again, this is more of a pet peeve for me, especially when I did it four times in a row (lel).Voice and text: Unfortunately there are a few typos in the game, mainly missed words as opposed to spelling errors. There are some discrepancies between what is written and what the characters say. While it's a small error it's one I feel diminishes just how well made this game is.Minor issues/mentionsThevoice actingcan be a bit wonky at times, I remember a couple of scenes where it sounded like the voice actor had never heard a particular word they were saying. However the majority of the game features great voice acting.Someinteractive areaswere a little too big, meaning you'd end up clicking the same place again thinking it was somewhere different due to the distance from the object on the screen.Thelittle kitty followeryou get early on is definitely a major highlight of the game, I never tired of seeing it drag it's cute little butt over the UI to help me out.I also swore blind one of the voice actors was the guy who played Randy in Trailer Park Boys, certainly made those scenes more enjoyable.Overall I loved this game, it's of a length that you can replay it without taking too much time out of your day. It's easy to get into and even when you've left the game for a while you can easily pick it back up.I'd recommend it to anyone, especially when you consider the price tag."
,Recommended,284850,19799129,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"Coming back to your hometown for the wedding of your twin sister, a terrifying bear kidnapped her. Helped by her fiancé, you're going to save her... But who is really saving who? And who is really your family?Artifex Mundi is trying to deliver a sad and creepy fairy tale, though creepy isn't really the right word for it. The plot is well-written and full of twists. As usual, they managed to get you captived. And you really want to know the last word of the story.The gameplay is not innovative as it's always find items, clear hidden objects scenes, solve puzzles, find beyond objects BUT everything is well polished. Everything is well polished. The puzzles are quite easy and the hidden objects scenes are clear. There is also the hunt for the spirits (fairies) and beyond objects (changing appearances), which is adding some spice to the game.The reason why Grim Legends is one of my favorite series from AM are the graphics and the soundtrack. Indeed, given the fact that they're mastering the mysterious and dark side, Grim Legends is at the same time colorful and surrounded by an aura of lurking evil, as you're playing mainly during the night, that you're also visiting places tied to that kind of ambiance (forest, witch's cabin, castle, etc.). What is nice too is also the fact that you're discovering the tale as a bonus too. The soundtrack is as usual well fit.Besides, I've noticed something: I've rarely saw the main protagonist as being male. For the games released on Steam, you're always a woman, that has brains and can survive by herself despite the era or the world. I mean by that that here, in Grim Legends, you're not the damsel in distress even if it's another woman - though your twin sister is as strong as you.Anyway, if anything, Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is one of the HO you must have and you must try. Really. Well done, Artifex Mundi!"
76561198053081934,Not Recommended,284850,13293485,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,gajones,"The least of the Artifex Mundi titles I've played, if you have played the others and still hanker for more, then worth a shot.If not, in order of preference, from best to least,Clockwork Tales: of Glass and InkAbyss: The wraiths of EdenNightmares from the deep: A cursed heartNightmares from the deep: The Sirens CallStory just didn't flow as smoothly as the others, I was too bored to complete a replay, so first AM game I didn't get all the achievements for.Also the coloring on some of the puzzles was a bit hard for these old eyes, yet played the others fine. Two of the puzzles I just brute forced, one because I diidn't know the expected outcome, other because I just couldn't see it well enough.Also had an issue with one of the hidden object puzzles where I needed to open a box for the second paintbrush, but I couldn't interact with the box.Just disappointed with all these issues from an AM game, after thinking so highly of them from the others I've played."
76561198036338106,Recommended,284850,12935489,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,smelliga,"This is a respectable HOG/adventure hybrid game that will give you several hours of casual fun.  Compared to other Artifex Mundi titles, I would rate it on par with ""Nightmares of the Deep: The Cursed Heart.""The artwork for both the backgrounds and the puzzles is beautiful, as is expected for an AM game, but some of the character designs and cutscenes were a bit of a letdown.  (""I'm going to go change into my wedding dress, that looks just like my normal dress, that looks exactly the same as a third dress hanging in my room..."")The gameplay combines several types of puzzles including:1. Traditional hidden object screens (clearly denoted by shiny sparkles in casual mode).2. ""I Spy""-style fairy finding.  These special sprites appear on almost every close-up location detail screen.3.  Elusive disappearing-reappearing images.  These objects blend into the larger location backgrounds and slowly fade in and out of view.  Collecting them gives you additional plot background, but they can be tricksome to locate.4. Classic adventure gaming puzzles.  (i.e. Find objects, use/combine with other objects, backtrack everywhere)5. Recipes.  AM loves their crafting worktables.6. Mini-games.  Incredibly easy time-wasters and brainteasers such as interlocking puzzles, tile-swapping, rotating pieces, matching symbols, and general pattern recognition.They also threw in a cat companion who counts as a special use item, which I found to be a fun little gimmick.I started on Expert mode, and only got stuck twice (figuring out what to do with the ladder, and figuring out how to light the torch.)  Everything else was pretty straightforward.  If you are a veteran of the genre, you will most likely be playing on auto-pilot.My biggest complaint was actually the pacing.  They tried to build in a learning curve for new players, but it just makes the start of the game feel very slow and tedious, and the end of the game feel like a flash-round, mini-game gauntlet.  This becomes an added issue when some of the achievements are not only time-challenges (like 1-minute dominoes), but can only be earned in story mode.  If you miss those achievements on the first playthrough, have fun slogging through tutorial mode all over again, or replaying the bonus level ad nauseum, just to get to an applicable puzzle.  (It doesn't help that you are already required to fully play through the game twice over if you want to earn all of the achievements.)I will say that for once with an AM game, I found the bonus level gameplay more enjoyable than the main story.  It's no wonder they directly reused some of the level's puzzle content for ""Cursed Heart.""Overall, I would give this game a 7/10."
76561198187394154,Recommended,284850,15227293,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sessis,"I liked this game a lot! The artwork and animations is beautiful and I really like the soundtrack. The story was fun and engaging. The characters voices gave the game a nice touch. And I absolutely loved the little animated kitty!This game is a Hidden Objects game, based around a story of two sisters. It involves different environments (scenes) where you look for items to help you to the next step of the story. There is a lot of mini games to, like puzzle solving, hidden objects and domino. The kitty I mentioned before is a very useful companion that will help you find/acquire items by leaving its place at the toolbar and climbing in to the game. You can use hints and even skip puzzles if you want to. There is achievements to complete. You can choose from three different difficulty levels.I recommend this game, it was my first Hidden Objects game that I bought on Steam and I will definitely be buying more games like this one!"
,Recommended,284850,33600186,Posted: 16 July,all,Impracticalmagic,"This is one of my favourite hidden object games so far out of several (possibly exceeded only by Grim Legends 2).  The story is good, the gameplay makes sense, and the the extra scenario at the end adds real gameplay value.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,284850,11878690,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DiamondXDestiny,The best Hidden Object game I have ever played! Very Good & Enjoyable!
,Recommended,284850,23877507,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,garnetofeden,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bridewas my first Artifex Mundi game and my first encounter with a hidden object puzzle game. I would say it was a success considering it inspired me to do an Artifex Mundi Steam marathon, and I've been an avid Artifex Mundi fan ever since. Although I've now become a fan of hidden object puzzle games in general, Artifex Mundi is definitely one of the top developers in the genre, andGrim Legends: The Forsaken Brideis definitely one of their top games in terms of polish and quality. It's one of my favorite games to go to for a good fantasy story and intellectually stimulating relaxation. The art and music are beautiful, and the cat sidekick adds an additional element to the gameplay. I would like if there were achievements for the fairy spirits and elusive objects though."
,Recommended,284850,16274928,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Thalatte,"The Forsaken Bride is the first installment of Grim Legends series by Artifex Mundi. The next installement of this series is Song of the Dark Swan.ReviewGame Menu Option: Two section – Volume and Miscellaneous settings. The volume section has the following: Music and Sound. The miscellaneous section has the following: Custom Cursor, Voice Overs, Difficulty Mode and Full Screen. Wide Screen is automatically supported in the game.Game Difficulty Modes: Three game difficulty modes – Casual, Advanced and Expert.Cinematic/Dialogue: All cinematic scenes can be skipped if you do not want to watch them. They can be watch over again under the cutscene section the extras. There is an option for skipping the entire dialogue scene without having sit through it.Voiceovers: Nothing much can be said about the voice overs asides from that they are well done.Game Music/Sounds: Nothing much can be said about the music/sounds asides from that they fit well with the game.Game Graphics: Nothing much can be said about the graphics asides from that they are nicely drawn with a painted feel to them.Inventory Panel: There is a lock option for the inventory panel. Easy access for the items that are collected in the game.Notebook: Two sections – Map and Objectives.Map: The map interactive with useful indicators; map icons/markers. The legend on the map explains the function for each of the map icons. The ability to fast travel to another location and back. The map can be access two-way via through the notebook or map scrolls next to the notebook.Hidden Object Gameplay: Fragmented items, Shadow items, Traditional Word list with some and/or no interaction required. The hidden object scenes can be replayed in the hidden object puzzle section in the extras.Domino Gameplay: This game feature is optional for those who don’t want to go looking for items in hidden object scenes.Puzzle Gameplay: Most of the puzzles are fairly easy to solve. Some puzzles has extra puzzles in them to solve (ie: Lily’s Wedding Gift Necklace) There is a skip button if the puzzle(s) becomes too tasking to solve.Game Helper: A furry feline helper can carry out certain tasks that the players can’t complete themselves. Like retrieving items that are out of reach.Game Ending: There is an ending for the main portion of the game. The bonus chapter portion of the game extends that ending a bit more.Game Achievements: Most of these achievements are featured in Steam’s achievement. There are four different sets of achievements to earn. Trophies – 11 in total; Spirits – 30 in total; Elusive Objects – 28 in total and Story Achievements – 13 in total.Game Collectables: Two sets of collectables – 30 Spirits in total and 28 Elusive Objects in total. The “x” on the two bottles, Spirits and Quill, will light up; If any area in the game that has collectables in them.Game Concept Art/Wallpapers: 12 concept art and 12 wallpapers.Game Soundtrack: Nine soundtracks from the game.Game Length: There are eight chapters in the main portion of the game. The bonus chapter portion of the game mostly likely to have at least two chapters the most.Game Trading Card/Badge: This a special feature only available in the Steam’s version of the game. The game drops three different trading cards only once and the rest of the cards: Community Market, Booster Packs and Trading. The game badge can be crafted after having all the card in the inventory then it can be upgraded four more times.http://store.steampowered.com/app/284850Reviews for the games in this series:Grim Legends: The Forsaken BrideGrim Legends 2: Song of the Dark SwanGrim Legends 3: The Dark City"
,Recommended,284850,23842524,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EllyTheDreamer,"If you're into point and click games, enjoy taking your time to search for hidden objects and have some spare change in your wallet during a massive sale, then this title is not to be missed.+ Fairly decent story+ Diverse puzzles & well hidden collectables+ Gorgeous and detailed artwork+ Enjoyable soundtrack+ Several difficulties+ Bonus ending storyOut of currently 3 Grim Legends titles, The Forsaken Bride is udoubtedly the best pick. Also an orange tabby cat helps you along the way and it's just too adorable. ♥7/10"
,Recommended,284850,15230302,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"I generally expect good quality games from Artifex Mundi.  Even so, I was really pleasantly surprised at how GREAT this game was!  I would say this is one of the best, if not THE best, game of this genre that I've played (and I have played many, both on mobile and PC, over the years).Puzzles were adequately challenging, hidden object scenes actually took some effort to complete, voice acting was better than the average HO game (meaning not horrific and in some places excellent).  Best of all, items in the HO scenes FIT in the scenes; there are no modern anachronisms mixed conspicuously into this medieval fairy tale setting.  This is maybe just a weird thing with me, but I always find it jarring when I'm playing a game set in a certain sort of time period but the items I'm forced to find are things like astronaut helmets and modern telephones.  This game avoids that nicely.Sound and graphics both were excellent.  I felt like a lot of effort went into this game and I'm looking forward to playing the sequel.  It also wasn't a brutally short game like some HO/adventure types.  I got it on sale for about four dollars but I enjoyed it so much, I would say that full price is still worth it.TL;DR: best game yet from Artifex Mundi, give it a play."
,Not Recommended,284850,34508446,Posted: 26 August,all,Soapdish,If anyone is thinking about purchasing this game and has a mac laptop do not. It crashed within the first two minutes of opening it through steam. :) Just a precaution the rest of the other games work fine and are awesome to play! :) would recommend other games that this company makes.
,Recommended,284850,23327616,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,normalsauce,"Relaxing puzzles and seek n finds. Robust hint system built in so unlikely you\'ll get stuck. Over-arching story and animation are a little weak, but the puzzles and seek n finds are really nice and soothing."
76561198024967095,Not Recommended,284850,15235553,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,dognotdog,"Unfortunately, this game wasn't for me. The storyline has potential, but it is kept very shallow, and only acts to guide from one puzzle to the next. The puzzles are varied, with the exception of the hidden object puzzles, which make little sense.The puzzles are generally fairly easy, and require little original thinking, which is in-line with the game's casual style. Some things, like finding the spirits and 'elusive' objects seem tacked on, without being tied into the rest of the game.So if you like puzzles, and don't care for coherence, it's an ok game, but don't expect any entertainment out of the story itself."
76561198111826314,Recommended,284850,13463655,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mondae Sundae,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is a hidden object adventure game by Artifex Mundi. Most of the Artifex Mundi games on Steam are hidden object games, and all of the ones I've played have been of very high quality. But when I started playing The Forsaken Bride, I knew it was something special.First, lets talk about the gameplay. The hidden object scenes and puzzles are basically the same as any other Artifex Mundi game. Items are collected or created through hidden object scenes, and are also collected through exploration of the world. You explore and interact with the world using items you collect, and some of these items are used in various puzzle games. Many puzzle games are similar to those found in other Artifex Mundi games, but I found the ones in The Forsaken Bride to be more refined, varied and challenging.I've always found the atmosphere and music to be phenomenal when it comes to Artifex Mundi games, and The Forsaken Bride is no exception. In addition, I found the artwork to be hauntingly beautiful.What stood out to me most was the story. The execution was nearly flawless, and there was a depth and subtle intricacy that I had not found in previous Artifex Mundi games. That's not to say that the stories in other Artifex Mundi games are bad (they're actually quite good), but the story in The Forsaken Bride is truly a step above the rest.The Forsaken Bride is the best hidden object game I've yet played, and may very well be the best Artifex Mundi game to date."
76561198170617045,Recommended,284850,13675260,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hearts_King95,This game was pretty good. I like how there were different level that you can chose from. I liked it and I finished it in one day! :D If you want a hard but layed back game this is the game for you :)
76561198012962211,Recommended,284850,15635476,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"A fun, well-animated combination of classic Adventure/Puzzle Game and (optional!) Hidden Picture Game. If you aren't into Hidden Picture Games, well, good news! They can be bypassed by an alternative domino-style puzzle game. A la the Lucas Arts games of ages past, death and failure are not risks at any point; only the maddening possibility of a puzzle employing Sierra-style ""moon-logic."" XD Beautiful, charming, and just challenging enough to be fun without being rage-inducing."
,Recommended,284850,13312551,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Caseters,Grim Legends is very fun and a great HO games I have played .Great story to make you want to play over and over. I was very pleased how well the Art work and game play. It also not all about HO it has other stuff as well too look forward to seeing .. I give this game a 10/10 . It very  satisficing to play...and I hope more people enjoy  playing it as well...
,Recommended,284850,14594207,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"This is one of the most beautiful point-and-click games I've never played. The graphics are unique and the actions you have to do for advance in history DOES make sense, and this is beautiful.For example: if you have to catch a key inside a well and you have a rope in your inventory, you can logically drop the rope down in the well and get the key. If you have an axe, it will cut some trees for you. It's logical, unlike a lot of others point-and-click games that you have to figure out a sequence of illogical actions in order to proceed.The only imperfection in this game is that you can't complete the achievements by playing the puzzles separately in the extra section. So be careful if you want to get all achievements, otherwise you will have to play the game 3 or 4 times to do it."
76561198024920171,Recommended,284850,16277554,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Brakkish,"An excellent hidden object / puzzle game. The fantasy artwork is really well done, and it features a fun and interesting story.  I had a great time with this one, as well as it's sequel, and   am hoping for more Grim Legends games in the future. Highly recommended for fans of the genre."
76561198086125259,Recommended,284850,13890158,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,mdr-85,great game
76561198274101919,Recommended,284850,29419999,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,Arftifex Mundi nailed it again! :)- Beautiful graphics and sceneries- Good interesting story- Great voice acting- Various well constructed mini games and HO scenes- Collectables (Important requirement for my taste)- AchievementsI DONT like that you have to choose between HO games OR Domino games. That makes it not possible to earn all the achievements in one playthrough!I recommend it!
76561198146794305,Recommended,284850,15160989,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Brix,"Fabulous! If you love puzzles and overall colorfulness, this is a great point-and-click."
,Recommended,284850,15042155,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zerfette,A ton of fun for those who enjoy a puzzle game every once in a while and want the challenge.
,Recommended,284850,16333175,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Elfana,"Another example of Artifex Mundi’s ability to make great games! I can’t tell you enough how in love I am with the Hidden Object Games that Artifex Mundi makes. (Just in case you couldn’t tell.)Unlike their Nightmares from the Deep series which focusses more on deals with Davy Jones and undead pirates and their Enigmatis series which has demons, devils and gruesome rituals -- Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride feels like a fairy tale with a twist. Here be witches, tragic love stories and some fairy dust.The story, the characters and the art are as perfect as always, leaving me satisfied when completing the story and excited enough to go back and try to get all achievements for the puzzles and mini games.As with all their HOGs I’ve played so far (and believe me when I say I’m going to obtain them all at some point, I’m just that big of a fan) this one has a creepy, beautifully haunting atmosphere that I absolutely love, making every new discovered area a gem.If you’re looking (get it; because Hidden Object Game) for a great time that will leave you bewitched (I’m sorry I couldn’t help myself there either) look no further, because you have found it!"
76561198147840003,Recommended,284850,13590326,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sailor Tiamat,The artwork is beautiful and the storyline in interesting.
,Recommended,284850,11958912,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Darksign13,Very addictive game. The Forsaken Bride uses a gripping story combined with compelling adventure game play and interesting puzzle mini-games to keep you in your seat from start to finish.
76561197973952918,Recommended,284850,13868950,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,blu_light16,"Colorful images and haunting sounds are the key points of attraction in Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride, a hidden-object adventure game from Artifex Mundi.A good fantasy story ties together the simple gameplay: use logic to piece together items you find in the environment so you can solve puzzles and proceed with the story. Some of the solutions don't make a lot of sense (nor do some of the hidden objects you have to find), but if you ever get stuck, you can fall back on the hint system to make regular progress.While it can be absorbing to seek solutions hidden within the beautiful images, it bothers me that there is only one solution to every puzzle. Sometimes the “correct” solution makes less sense than something I came up with on my own. Also bothersome is the protagonist's tendency to leave behind useful items like a knife or a rope, only to search for new ones in the next puzzle. I'd like Artifex Mundi games more if they had flexibile puzzle solutions (like the Deus Ex games), encouraging creativity and improving replay value.As long as Artifex Mundi sticks to their formula, they are unlikely to make a game better than Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride. I can't complain too much, though; simple, bite-sized games like this can be very satisfying to play once in a while, especially in an environment populated by so many long games.(Rating: 7.5/10 “Good”)"
,Recommended,284850,25419905,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dragonmagick,I enjoyed playing the all 3 grim legends series. The story line for each one is very well done as well as the art work which is very beautiful and colorful.
,Recommended,284850,24098588,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GamerG,A really well done hidden puzzle game. Takes about 5-6 hours to solve probably less but I was off and on cooking between :)Pros:Great storyGood ArtworkGood MusicFun PuzzlesRelaxingExtra things to find within the game modeCons:I honestly don't have any I didn't mind that it's beatable in a night - because I paid as much as I would for a movie and got about two the three times of playtime/killing time what the movie would have taken up.Anyhow - picked this up on the Steam Summer Sale and enjoyed it - Hope you do too.
76561198208129701,Recommended,284850,27720692,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,flowerchild4,I really enjoyed the storyline in this game. the puzzles aren't too difficult and the whole game moves along easily.
76561198197896761,Recommended,284850,23434749,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,trueangelcool,"In this HOG u will arrive in a village to see ur sister get married. Before that happens a bear attacks the village and takes the bride Lily. Of course u the sister will have to find and rescue her!!! This HOG u will be dealing with the magic which is always cool. I also liked the spirit and elusive objects that u collect in the game. The way the pieces are used are very cool. collecting all elusive pieces tells a story. The spirit objects I won't say what they are, but the pictures of the spirits are very pretty:)Also a very cute orange cat will join u on ur adventures:) It was really cute whenever the cat alerted me into sending thre cat out to help me. The only time I remember something joining u was in The Emerald Maiden: Symphony Of Dreams. I really wish more HOG a partner tags along on ur journey,I loved this HOG a lot. Everything was very nice. The art, BG, music, and VA was very beautiful.Highly recommend getting this HOG. Also this HOG is the first of the Grim Legends series. Third one came out just a few days ago. I cannot wait to play the second and third ones:)"
76561198024972696,Recommended,284850,17385630,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride"" is just slightly different from most other Artifex Mundi casual, point and click, Hidden Object Games (HOGs).  Like just about all their others, it's got reasonable graphics, mostly tolerable voice acting, adequate story, and a forced second run-through because of mutually exclusive Achievements and lack of saves.  In this case, though, the story seems to have more of a ""female"" slant (revolving more around a relationship, dealing with marriage, and even 1) one puzzle with lingerie and bouquets and 2) one involving makeup).  Not a big thing, but noticeable.  Also, the ""Bonus"" chapter is not really optional:  you can't get all the Achievements without going through it on both runs.  Additionally, the puzzles seem just a tad more difficult to do than in the previous AM games I've played.  And, finally, this game is a bit longer than usual.  Overall, to get 100% Achievements, it took me 14.1 hours:  8.5 hours for the first run-through of the main game, 1.3 hours for the Bonus chapter, and an additional 4.3 hours for the second run-through (on Expert and doing the Domino games).  So, assuming you like HOGs and Artifex Mundi, I'd recommend the game even at list price.  Of course, getting it on sale is what I did."
,Recommended,284850,30062183,Posted: 20 February,all,Xander77,"My mom bailed on this game fairly quickly, due to its insistence on constantly talking to the player and being somewhat vague in terms of puzzles, directions, and clicks. (Games talking at her instead of letting her play is super triggering)The clickety thing is probably the most objective fault I can find - when you're connecting vague tangles of chains or ropes to an object (not as a part of a mini-game, but in adventure game mode) or when you're asked to find an object broken up into arbitrary and easily concealable shapes, madly clicking on everything and anything is much more likely to do something than clicking an object and getting discouraged when there's no result.Edit - oh yeah, a few more faults. Later in the game, the ""skip this puzzle"" button is often replaced with ""hint about the next move you get to make"", which... when you have to move a dozen tiles or whatever back and forth, is pretty objectively terrible. Also, someone decided to add some utterly random Hebrew letters as clues... letters that you're supposed to read from left to right, for some misbegotten reason.http://i.imgur.com/KddKAXA.jpgBut as to people talking at you, it actually made me feel fairly invested in the storyline. The fabula is very simple - your sister was kidnapped by a magic bear on the eve of her marriage to the handsome stranger who came to town literally a few weeks ago. Please don't spoil the highly original and unexpected twist.But though your friends and family are vacant-eyed uncanny monstrosities when viewed up close:http://i.imgur.com/dUmch38.jpgIt's still nice to have someone to talk to. You often have someone ineffectually trying to help you, cheering you on, providing semi-helpful clues... it's a fairly nice change of pace compared to the average ""exposition duties done, now I shall go / turn into a static sprite and never interact with you again"" HOG NPC. Having a proper antagonist to contend against was also highly motivating.You progress from the village, through the woods and into the bear's castle, then back again. Makes for a nice excuse to reuse screens and hidden object spots. The game is quite pretty, as you can see from the screenshots, and I didn't mind the setting being limited to nighttime fairy tale village / woods / castle.The puzzles were average. I've rarely encountered a genuine stumper, but there were a lot of puzzles that just took forever to solve the proper way. Early in the game hidden object hunts had you hunting for pieces of an object rather than a list of words. Fairly original, but obviously it didn't work that well, as you hunt for words in the latter half of the game.The game is stuffed to the brim with needless miscellaneous optional stuff. For instance, you can trace a pattern with domino stones instead of playing through a hidden objects screen. Never used this option, no idea why it's there, but this is an HOG which you can complete without ever finding a single hidden object.You carry a kitten around for some unknown reason. You only get to use it on anything five or six times. And while most of your interactions with other objects are fairly short and sweet (unlike say Alex Hunter, which feels you'll be really impressed with poser animations of an axe hitting some wood), every time you use the kitten you get a minute of lovingly detailed animation of it doing something kittenish.The ""back to the last screen"" prompt takes up about a third of the screen, and is really easy to hit by mistake (I miss Alex Hunter's placement for that prompt). And the game occasionally bugs out about your progress, particularly in the ""navigate this maze with a helpful object"" sections (which are fairly terribly designed).Overall - recommended, for being pretty, relatively engaging, and having somewhat original puzzle design."
76561198122195567,Recommended,284850,30016300,Posted: 18 February,all,Arigara,This is one of the best and one of the longest Hidden Object game I have played yet! The story is really cool and not as cheesy as other games with this genre. The ending had the right length and was not abrupt. The puzzles sometimes were very difficult and the bonus content was very cool. The graphic was amazing and the music was pretty good.
,Recommended,284850,13621007,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ﾐHay-wee彡,Best role playing game I EVER played. I'm not really into role playing games. Where you look for things and read ALLL the time. This game gives you a real good challenge. It gets them wheels rolling in your head.9.5/10
76561198035054806,Recommended,284850,13349162,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,Good point and click hidden object. Slightly cheesy though. Get it cheep.
,Recommended,284850,11961725,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,cherryarun,"I really liked the logic and the storytelling in ""Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride"". But I must say that the bonus chapter was the best part of it."
76561198048136838,Recommended,284850,25124128,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Foosiez,"Pretty good game. If you like puzzling with plots, then this is for you.Neat Things:* YOU GET A CAT. All else is irrelevant good or bad, you get a KITTEN HELPER AND IT MEOWS AT YOU.* Like all Artimus Mundi games, the hidden object puzzles were fun (and sensible). And revisiting them doesn't introduce new and random elements into the scene.* The puzzles were fun* Loved the soundscaping. Dat music was great. A little over the top 'magical' in some ways, but I dug it.* THE DOMINOS GAME WAS LEGIT. If you find that you can't complete a hidden object puzzle (either you don't want to or don't want to use the hint), you can play the domino game. And lemme tell you, that game was super fun.Some Meh Things:* The side story. It was, well... it was pretty poorly written outside of the straight forward plot.* The plot was a little forced; I understand the need to keep the story moving but the plot twists fell flat.* The collectible story pieces just unlocked a deep-voice narrator retelling of a backstory we already get by playing the game. It didn't add anything new or interesting to the existing plot. (The fairies were much cooler)"
,Recommended,284850,19832299,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,♥ Rebecca ♥,"I really like games like this. Sometimes it is nice to move away from all the violence, fast paced war whcih of course, we all enjoy so much, and come back down to earth with a somewhat slower, more simple game that still has an intresting story, but doesn't require too much effort.This game is really nice, i will not give any of the story line away, but it is very magical, much like most games mae by this company. The game is well made, and though relatively shrot i do not regret buying it. I am satisfied with the story, and i really anjoyed playing through it. There is enough to do inside the game so that you don't feel like you are lost for activity's, though i must confess i do get tired of the Hidden Object scenes sometimes. Other than that, the graphics are nice in this game, and i really like the setting and the story.I can't really fault it, it is short and sweet, and on sale i would reccomend it to anyone that is up for it. It is a suitable game for most audiences, with different difficulty settings and such. Maybe full price, 6 British Pounds, is a bit too much for some, but i don't begrudge it. Nonetheless, for the time you get out of it, a sale price is more suitable.All in all 10/10 i really like this game, and i hope you will too, if you have not yet played it."
,Recommended,284850,20429036,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,crazipowerz,"Very good game, I'm not a hardcore hidden objects player but I found this game to be well done.*Interesting story*Nice graphics*Decent Voice Acting*Well done puzzles*Vivid colors, very eye pleasingOverall a great package, makes me want to play more from this company. Worth the buy especially on sale."
,Not Recommended,284850,24065194,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Izabela Malan,"Extremely easy, boring puzzles."
,Recommended,284850,13987520,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,smaugslayer 🎃,"This is  the first game I've played by Artifex Mundi and I am impressed! The story is interesting and held my interest for the duration of the game. For a HOG the gameplay itself is of easy to moderate difficulty and I rarely got bored. The graphics are lovely and coupled with the music create an immersive experience. If you're searching for a great HOG, this is it."
,Recommended,284850,30154842,Posted: 24 February,all,NyappiCat,"Very nice and enjoyable game with a wide variety of puzzles of different difficulty (nowhere near impossible though). The only thing that annoyed me was the esthetic quality difference between the cutscenes and the actual game, it makes the game feel a bit less cohesive. The overall story is good though."
,Recommended,284850,14179041,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,kouryuu9,"Not too long, but good for a solid day's fun. Great for fans of classic point-and-click adventure games."
,Recommended,284850,14132224,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ultima6,A great Point-and-Click adventure with a decent story. A shame games like these are quite rare nowadays.
,Recommended,284850,17752070,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SpyroGuy,"Another great game from Artifex Mundi which possesses the same captivating atmosphere, storytelling and gameplay mechanics I love their games for, not to mention that I'm a sucker for anything that even remotely resembles a fantasyish medieval adventure, so I must say that I've enjoyed this game from beginning to end.I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get any achievemental reward for collecting every crap in the game, but I guess that it's also a major oversight on my end for not checking the achievement list first, so whatever, this was just a minor irrevelant setback of an overall absolutely entertaining ""point 'n click"" experience.If you're not familiar with their games yet, I suggest you should check out the review I wrote back when I tried out my first game from them which was Enigmatis 2. I've specified my experiences a bit deeper in that one and I really don't want to repeat myself with every occasion.http://steamcommunity.com/id/NightMarePaci/recommended/284770/"
,Recommended,284850,13949394,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is another incredible Hidden Object Game from the phoenominal Artifex Mundi. This is the first game in a trilogy of tales based in the fashion of the Brothers Grimm. With this particular Artifex Mundi game, you cannot go wrong. It's a game that all ages can enjoy for its puzzles and hidden-object mini-games, but also one that holds a strong storyline which would interest all age groups. Grim Legends is like playing a fairy tale as if they were reading a book.StoryGrim Legends focuses around a woman who's sister is kidnapped on the day of her wedding by a strange bear. There's definately something strange about the bear and the whole situation. The protagonist decides to go off on her own and rescue her sister. In the process of recovering her, the player stumbles upon a long forgotten curse that only a mysterious old hermi women knows of.Classic Artifex Engine and StyleArtifex Mundi always combines their beautiful artwork with puzzles and hidden object games to pull together a great story. This creates a great formula which leaves you wanting more. This particular game is the first, and one of thebestArtifex games that I've played to date.If you're new to the Artifex universe, I highly recommend that this be the first AM game you play.Pros:- Grim Legends holds AM's best artwork. The locations you will visit are enchanting.- Fantastic storyline that drives the player to play more- Great for kids and adults alike- Various difficulties (as in all AM games)- Various styles of hint systems with adjusting difficulty- Just an all around solid, great gameCons:- A Short game, even combined with the Bonus content. If you like Artifex Mundi games, you already know that many of them are short games. AM is changing this with their newer releases such asGrim Legends 2orNightmares of the Deep 3.- Some of the voice work, while nice and clear, are a bit overplayed or cheesy, but it doesn't get in the way of enjoying the game or the story line. This is also a feature that is currently being vastly improved with newer Artifex games.Verdict?-8/10Grim Legends is probably one of Artifex's best titles. It is family friendly and is fun for all ages. This is just a fantastic game for anyone who enjoys hidden object games, puzzles, or just great adventure/fairy tale stories. I can very confidently say that I am ecstatic that I found this game, otherwise I would not have found Artifex Mundi. A high recommendation.If you're curious about any other Artifex Mundi games, I have and will continue to do many reviews on their great titles. If you liked the Grim Legends title,Grim Legends 2is currently available on Steam as well. Please read my review for it if you are interested."
76561198150022078,Recommended,284850,13286757,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Bevroren Vis,"I finished the game with in 2 weeks 6.7 houres not a big game but a good one. puzzles are really clever and the best part of the game although I wish that there was more. finding objects was kinda boaring. love the cooking/ crafting parts of the game, shame that there was only 2. the story was really bad.6.5 / 10      -GOOD"
,Recommended,284850,13622327,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Justice Pirate,This game is beautiful and has so many great puzzles throughout it.  You and your father are going to your twin sister's wedding together.  You've never met her fiance' before and are excited for your sister.  In the town where she is living there has been a curse.  You need to break it.  I loved the bonus ending too in this.  Definitely recommending it if you like point and click story/puzzle games.
,Recommended,284850,20288302,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,First Person Suffering,"This game was so relaxing and so fun. I played on the lowest setting, and I find myself eager to play the next difficulty. This was a charming tale, and definitely worth it. The story, although short, left me with 5 hours of gameplay at a relaxed pace. And I found that I didn't mind the story, I actually was quite captivated by it and was urging myself forward to get to the end. Definitely, for a point and click game? I give it a solid 8/10. Stunning. Look forward to playing more by the creators of this game."
76561198000785358,Recommended,284850,16344275,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheCombatWombat,"If you've played any of this kind of game, you've played 'em all and you know exactly what to expect. So long as you're happy with that sort of gameplay (puzzles, hidden objects, etc.) you'll be right at home here.Story's quite fun, music's good and the kitten isawesome. A great example of the genre, and the first time I've stayed up all night to complete a story in alooonnnggggtime!It's not the longest game around, clocking in at around 13 hours for me to 100%, and I'd estimate most non-completionists will get around 6 hours out of it. Still, at a quarter of the price of equivalent movie tickets, I've got to say it's worth the money.[edit] For thosenotfamiliar with the genre, think Monkey Island, without the humour and the ""it only makes sense at 5 AM, after mushrooms, booze and crack"" puzzles."
76561198027847162,Recommended,284850,25048724,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Twincross,"Enjoyed the story, puzzles, music and the fantastic assistant.Heck, I even learned a couple of words from the puzzles!Probably won't be satisfied with another hidden object game for a while haha."
76561198157419071,Recommended,284850,25298575,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,stan.pyper,Great bang for your buck
,Recommended,284850,25045868,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BaBuuBaBuu,An immmersive gameA storyrich gameA nice puzzle gameThank for your efford.
,Recommended,284850,15511417,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Regenboog ❤,"This game is a point and click game which has multiple difficulty levels.I choose the easiest version of the game, because for me the game was just about clicking a bit. Killing time, people could call it. I used a lot of the help you could get ingame, on the easiest mode. I must say I was just clicking a bit and not always really following what to do. Also, I'm not English. Some of the games from Artifex Mundi, or all of them, not sure if this game has it, but I would think so, have mini games where you have to look up items (that they named in English), on a map, which is not easy if you don't even understand what you are looking for. I'm not very bad at English, but these words could be very specific. I'm not sure this game has it, because I played more Artifex Mundi games, but I'm almost sure it has this game. But it has also lot of other mini games. On the easiest game mode, which I played, at least you can ask for help! :) So you will never be stuck in that English game I was talking about, for too long. :)Would recommend!"
,Recommended,284850,15419695,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,Enjoyable and worth the price.
76561198305723101,Not Recommended,284850,28126035,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,evalaurent17,Seems very interesting but keeps crashing  every two minutes for me.
76561198008914127,Recommended,284850,24830005,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wuzzerator,"Great story, great mix of mini-games, hidden object and point-and-click. A quality title of the level I'd expect from this publisher."
76561198100816677,Recommended,284850,34462592,Posted: 24 August,all,Yule,<3
76561197968116408,Recommended,284850,14970814,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,"Another high quality HoG from Artifix Mundi.  But I suppose like any other developer, buy producing good examples it make s other games pretty poor.*Played to Completion"
76561198207101737,Recommended,284850,33259624,Posted: 4 July,all,lovegodess2010,I liked this game but for me I can finish games like this with 20 minutes wish the game was longer
,Recommended,284850,32903730,Posted: 27 June,all,deviousgrin,I really like the creepy atmosphere of these games. I've played Grim Legends 1 & 2 and spent over 14 hours on them.
76561197999069631,Recommended,284850,26335835,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FuehrerinFerkel,Not much more you could ask from a Hidden Object game. Nice and well presented story.Maybe a few more hidden object quests would have been nice. But worth a buy.
,Recommended,284850,29311068,Posted: 16 January,all,DocCovington,"Played this a while ago, but apparently forgot to write a review - oops!Well, one of Artifex Mundi's pearls for sure. Captivating story and atmosphere, nice puzzles and mini games, good graphics, flawless engine.Great starter for a series, its sequel was even better!"
,Recommended,284850,12740118,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cyberjax,Very awesome little adventure game. Casually going through took around 5 hours.
76561198053488472,Recommended,284850,11855330,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,purplebutterfly,good game
76561198062174059,Not Recommended,284850,13209460,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Vexia,"I liked the artwork and the logic puzzleshow ever it will get to the point where you'll be annoyed being forced to go back and forth into the same rooms to pick up something that wasn't there a second agoor my favourite part the bit where you pick up too much of an ingredient in a logic puzzle and it won't let you put it down or restart the potion.I enjoyed Clockwork tales of Glass and Ink a lot more, its made by the same group."
,Recommended,284850,30216117,Posted: 27 February,all,ChibiMoon🌙,"I played many kind of puzzles games but this one looks so amazing and perfect the story full of suprises the art so wonderful i almost forget how to breath nad i am totally in love with the OST <3  , i honestly cried a lot i never thought their parents alive and both of them face a crule life :("
76561198012872922,Recommended,284850,26677079,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561197993584132,Not Recommended,284850,14165611,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ribusprissin,"The adventure puzzles in this game are either too easy or too difficult.  The hidden object puzzles are sparse and short.  The story is pretty obvious, and not well written.  The voice acting sucks, as does the dialogue."
76561197997874226,Recommended,284850,18804540,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vetinari,"SImple atmospheric game, point and click adventure. Children friendly."
76561198020474979,Recommended,284850,19400526,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,biglu,"This was my my 3rd hidden object game. I think I have become spoiled since playing this one. The music, story, graphics, puzzles are the best I have played. It has made it difficult to find other hidden object games to match up. The extra story is a little dark. I played this game with my wife. A game we looked forward to.Looking for a similar quality: lNightmares from the deep series."
76561198069877806,Recommended,284850,19271976,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ur Game Buddy,"You too can one day become a president.If you try hard enough.But that's a lot of hard work.It's easier and more fun to spend your free time with this casual game. I must admit it's in my top three of Artefix Mundi games. It has everything you expect in a casual hidden object game. Excellently drawn locations, well made cutscenes, interesting plot and magical atmosphere. Top it with interesting riddles and hidden object scenes and sprinkle with extra things to look out for while playing (challenge accepted).Even the president would play it.If he wasn't working so hard."
,Recommended,284850,19504482,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bob,"I'm not sure what to say here that I haven't said before. It is another Artifex Mundi game with great artwork, satisfying puzzles linked together by a decent story so it gets a thumbs up. It is one of their more polished games but the only thing that sets this one apart from the other I have played is that this has a cute kitten."
76561198092065417,Recommended,284850,13727848,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SoS (Piney),"Ok, I have to admit....out of all the Artifex Mundi games on Steam, this is one of the few that feels most like an adventure game, even though it is a casual game.  It feels more like an adventure than any of their others, with a bit more varied array of puzzles and locales, along with the beautifully rendered scenery and objects typical for them.  Scripting still feels like a middle-school play, and CG isn't top-end, but hey, it's a casual game from a non-AAA publisher.  Playtime's around 4-5 hours including the extra adventure unlocked after the main game is completed."
,Recommended,284850,14399939,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Anvil,"Usually I do not like these types of games, with that said, this game had some charm to it that has kept me playing. I've enjoyed the story, and the puzzles. The voice acting could be better, but it does the job. The mixture of 2d/3d enviroments/cutscenes is very nice and smooth. It is worth it when there is a sale on. But not sure if i'd buy it at full price.7.5/10"
76561198010746606,Recommended,284850,14569669,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jade,"I enjoyed playing this game as a ""light"" (sort of cute) for fun game.  It's nothing fantastic but the puzzles are really interesting and I loved the art work.  The only down side of this game is that there isn't any negative consequences to just clicking sporadically without thought to try to solve the puzzles.  If you try to play ""honestly"" it's definitely more challenging.  My husband (who is not a big fan of this genre) even got sucked in trying to find the objects in the puzzles."
,Recommended,284850,16551686,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tazrin,"Gave me a days worth of entertainment while I waited for the plumber who never came.You get to have a kitten, so 10/10 for a point and click puzzle solver Id probably play again for the achievments."
76561198046459136,Recommended,284850,16560882,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,romadagg,"However the load time in between search screens is awful.  Good Game, but be warned"
,Recommended,284850,16326759,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,gecimen,"This is not only a well made hidden object game. It often works like a point'n'click adventure. It's long enough, with good art and a decent story."
76561198006571160,Recommended,284850,16300574,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dive Buddy,Best Value on Steam.
76561198051963567,Recommended,284850,15460728,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,emmyjenny90,"I Enjoyed this game alot it has collectables, puzzles that arent too challenging, beautiful graphics and in interesting story."
,Recommended,284850,15365580,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Little Beatle,Awesome game. Tight story and gameplay.
76561198039164817,Recommended,284850,15572697,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,UltraNyx,"I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the genre, anyone who is looking for a relaxing gaming experience, and anyone who can appreciate a game for its art and music. Oh, and of course, likes cats...you get a cute kitten that helps you reach annoyingly out-of-reach objects.The story promises a lot of mystery, magic and romance (although take heed gents - not much romance until the end scenes and a couple of love letters you find along the way). Initially what drew me to this game was the beautiful art-style, which did not disappoint. The voice acting was pretty lacklustre however, which was disappointing because it almost completely ruined the mysterious and intriguing atmosphere that the beautifully composed soundtrack combined with the art-style had created.The story itself was interesting but cliche, making it somewhat predictable. Puzzles weren't too challenging, and I did get a bit tired of playing dominos to unlock necessary objects (dominos being the easier option than some other puzzle). ""It's ok. I'm just in a hurry to save my sister. I've got time for more dominos."" The final chapter had a LOT of puzzles, which I thought was a little over the top but was probably also serving to build suspense.The link between some of the objects and objectives took a bit to figure out - who knew that you could use a diamond earring to cut an opening into a glass window? I didn't!  The amount of times I could have used my jewelry to break into my own house when I'd forgotten my keys will haunt me forever more...Thankfully the hint button refreshes quickly (on casual mode).Artifex Mundi have created a beautiful-looking game, and it was the combination of the art, music, story and puzzles that was enough to keep me playing until the end of the dark abyss."
,Recommended,284850,15893813,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Coreplant,"Once again, following the Axis Mundi has lead me to an outstanding HOG game. I loved the plot, the art, and found the difficulty curve absolutely perfect for once. With the mix of a very good map system and a solid hint system, this game should prove fun and low-frustration for all - and well worth the regular price. Anybody looking for a story of love will greatly enjoy this game's twists on that familiar cliche."
76561197970732443,Recommended,284850,16743367,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nuru,Very Enjoyable!
76561198054354031,Recommended,284850,18208561,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,badlucknovelist,"I won't go into too much detail, since many of the other reviews have done so.  This game has beautiful animations, especially for a hidden object game.  The characters are engaging and interesting, even when the animation reaches uncanny valley levels, and the story is interesting.The game is not overly difficult, but it does give a lot of freedom - you can tackle puzzles on your own, or you can ask for a lot of hand holding via the skip and hint features it employs.  The same, despite being a HOG, alos gives you the option of skipping most of the actual HOG elements by supplying a domino game that you can play instead.Definately two thumbs up from me."
76561198248353082,Recommended,284850,18592049,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,efblackwell,"Fantastic game! Loved every minute of it! Great graphics and music, wonderful game for those who enjoy hidden object adventure games. I highly recommend it to all!!!"
,Recommended,284850,18670040,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Aeo,"Recommended, but I'll say that there are far more better HOGs than this one at the same price."
,Recommended,284850,18649142,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Azural,"I have to admit, I teared up a little at the end.  Very good game play and worth the few hours that you will spend with it."
,Recommended,284850,13063963,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,DeexyKong,"Beautiful game, I enjoyed all of the puzzles except one in the Abyss Bonus level with the cubes. That was not bueno. Nor queso. I had a kitten do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥for me, fought a bear, that bear turned out to be my father, and my mum is a witch, and my sister is a sissy because I had to do all the work. EVERYONE was useless, except this kitten. This kitten pulled all the weight in this game and singlehandily saved my sister's life."
76561198089334380,Recommended,284850,13067869,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,silent echo,i like everything about this game the story the puzzles the graphics . everything :)10/10
,Recommended,284850,13138106,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SevernFyre,"Aftre playing this one, I went and bought 5 more from this developer.  A most excellent experince and totally worth it. It wasn't flaky about how the hidden objects played to the adventure, and the puzzles were refreshing. Will def paly again."
76561198135922430,Recommended,284850,13219952,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,arcorn,"It's a cool little game that doesn't take long to finish. Perfect if you're not looking for a massive challenge, just a little something to pass the time."
,Recommended,284850,12960268,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Şah Sultan,"You can play over hours with your child. Also you will like. i play over and over for my 3 years old son.( i skipped some sinematics. ) Music, drawings and story is very well. i recommend high."
,Recommended,284850,12203569,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Yuela,"Nice plot and puzzle, it takes me about 4 hours to cleared it.Sound , graphic, and animations was goodGenres hidden object with nice story now very rare.Rate 8.5/10 :)"
,Recommended,284850,13431770,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Elise.L,"I'm not a fan of the Point & Click genre but after reading the good reviews for this game, I decided to buy it and I wasn't disappointed...Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride has a great story with a good level of difficulty (not too easy, not too hard either) and nice graphics! Puzzles are originals and challenging and the overall atmosphere is very enchanting.The game should take you between 5h and 10h to finish depending if you want to find all the hidden objects or not and do all the mini games.Definitely worth the money, I think I'll play it again with higher difficulty..."
,Recommended,284850,15789312,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ocean&Space,"4 stars /5Good game, especially for a point&click / hidden object game. I managed to make it last ten hours while playing casually and with the easy level. The story line is interesting enough and the design quite beautiful.  Loved the added, non obligatory mini puzzles/searches.Con: some times, the mini games aren't really explained and you end up clicking everywhere without knowing what you're doing."
,Recommended,284850,25504241,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Beej,"I love this point and clicker! The colors and artwork are beautiful. The voice acting is good and the storyline is fun. I love that they have so many different puzzles in this one, and it never gets repetitive. If you like this genre and puzzle games, get it! :D"
,Recommended,284850,25411703,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,LaDy CaTeLyN sTaRk❤,"I really enjoyed Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride, I honestly can say there isn't a game by Artifex Mundi that I haven't enjoyed playing. At least as of yet.  The graphics and animation are incredible as always and the story line had a pretty unique twist in the middle.  If you are into HOGs, adventure and mystery then definitely pick up Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride."
76561198238849744,Recommended,284850,23037211,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CrystalBooness,I like these games from Grim Legends.  They have the best story lines with some of the better graphics I have seen.  I will always keep buying them if they keep producing them.
76561198013848655,Recommended,284850,24751323,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Drisc,"I really enjoyed this hidden object game. There were a lot of different puzzle types that I hadn't seen before. I did find it quite challenging at times, and I liked how you can jump to the scenes where you need to do something on the map instead of just aimlessly walking back and forth. I did find myself referring to a walkthrough a couple of times cause I was too impatient. I should have walked away and tried again later. I still wouldn't pay full price for it, but out of the hidden object games I bought at the last sale, this one is the best so far.I am not sure if many guys play this type of game, but this had a lot of female themes. The most of all the ones I have played eg makeup, weddings etc."
76561198142122379,Recommended,284850,24672906,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,temperedblade68,"I loved the art in this game. It has a good story. I like hidden object games, and this one is especially good because it has an added feature to finding some of the items. It is very interactive. Sometimes you get to construct items to help you in the game. I found the puzzles to be interesting and not frustrating. There isn't anything I didn't like about this game."
,Recommended,284850,24040397,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SpaceRodent,I don't usually play games like this but I picked it up on sale and enjoyed it enough to pick up a couple of other hidden object games.  I find them to be very zen.
,Recommended,284850,31333353,Posted: 23 April,all,nayumyst,"I put off playing this game for a while because I expected it to be boring, and only owned it because I bought it with some left over money from a gift card. Played it for the first time today. Spent 4 hours beating the game, and didn't let go of the mouse the entire time. While the plot is a bit lackluster (I filled in the missing clues myself after about an hour), the puzzles themselves are actually challenging, but not so much so that the game becomes too hard. The hint system prevents younger players from being stuck on puzzles that might otherwise be confusing, (I admit I had to use it myself a few times), but isn't entirely required for a fun experience.Overall, I'd recommend the game if you're looking for something to pass the time, or a way to entertain your kids for a while."
,Recommended,284850,33162329,Posted: 2 July,all,bhcalcutta,"One of the best hidden object games I've played so far, so good I bought the rest of the series.The only down side for me is that you have to play through twice to collect all achievements.95/100Replay value 6/10 (just for the achievements)Playthrough time 5-6 hours"
,Recommended,284850,33244929,Posted: 4 July,all,Harleykinz,"I was not able to blow through this game like I have many others, I had to actually pay attention!  :)Puzzles varying in difficulty kept me on my toes.  Story has a LOT of content, plus nice bonus content.  Nicely done.  Will likely buy more from this maker!"
,Recommended,284850,17676571,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gelysen_,"Liked this game a lot :) There's a lot of gameplay for the current price it's sold at (1,99 euros) If you like point and click based, search games with a story this might be something for you too :)"
76561198048931910,Recommended,284850,17784325,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kerry Craig,"Quite a well put together puzzle game. Played it with the family, and we had a fun few hours."
76561198153684604,Recommended,284850,16469795,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Black_Panthera,Gorgeous artwork and a lovely story :)
,Recommended,284850,14844296,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FilledwithStraw,"This is probably my favorite of the Artifex Mundi games, mostly because the plot actually makes sense (and is really good for this kind of game) and you're not saving a little kid (Seriously though, why are kids so inept in HOGs?)The voice acting is good, the animation is much better than previous games, and as with all of their offerings the art is gorgeous. Navigation isn't cumbersome and there isn't a whole lot of backtracking. I especially like the little kitten you can interact with to help you along the way."
76561198091819486,Recommended,284850,14344733,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Margaux,"I don't have anything to say that hasn't already been said - it's a pretty game, and an engaging one. It's short, but I liked that. The cutscenes were better than I expected, and the puzzles were fun, although by the end I was getting a little sick of them. Overall, I liked it and would recommend it."
76561198046957412,Recommended,284850,13144131,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,roadrunner,"I got this game on sale because the discount was too good to ignore. I had no idea what to expect because I've never played hidden object games, but this game was the reason why I ent to bed at 2/3 am :D Once I started playing I couldn't stop. The game has a very interesting story which keeps you entertained until the very end. I also like the visual part of the game. It's well drawn with rich, vibrant colours. The puzzles were a lot of fun, though one or two were quite difficult (I had to let the game solve them for me, sigh). Overall, I'm really happy with that purchase and will definitely get more games like this. I'm also quite proud of the fact that it's a Polish game :)"
76561198089765072,Recommended,284850,19715333,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Seyeca,"It has a great story with good puzzles to get your brain thinking. Replay value is moderate due to playing the game on different levels ( like expert, easy and moderate) and for collectables."
,Recommended,284850,19834030,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,scrubbrush,"One of my favourite Artifex Mundi games. I really enjoyed the story.  When I'm looking for a HOG, I know I won't go wrong with one of this developer's games."
76561198040616793,Recommended,284850,23508892,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,"If you like to play point and click games combined with mini-games/ puzzles, blended into a fairy tale like story you'll love this game!"
76561198038317862,Recommended,284850,23176001,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Space Ghost,"The first Artifex Mundi game I've played and been hooked since. The art, music, gameplay and story kept my interest and I crave more."
76561198142189717,Recommended,284850,23664468,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MakeItSo,"This is an entertaining puzzle-point-and-click adventure game. While the animations for the cut scenes leave something to be desired, the majority of the game play is beautifuly animated. If you're into fairy tales and pretty story book art, this game is for you. The background music is nice too. I bought it on sale, and it's worth the sale price. Not sure if I'd pay the full cost for it though."
,Recommended,284850,22932054,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Taylorgg12,This was my first puzzle with hidden object combo game and it got me hooked on them. It was also my first Artifex Mundi and now I've played almost all of their released games. I loved the art in this game. It was breathtaking and I enjoyed the story. I loved it so much that I bought it on my phone so that I could have two places to play it! xDIt's a blast to play and offers a new kinda gameplay for classic hidden object fans. As well it provids a challenge with some of the puzzles. I really enjoyed it and recommend that others try it out.The sequel is also on steam.
76561198202633626,Recommended,284850,21120264,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Anyett a Perzsa Rókamacska,This game was so boring that I fell asleep 5 times in a row. After 20+ hours of sleep I finished the story + the bonus chapter.The positive side of this game: a very relaxing hidden object game. Music was nice and lovely. There is a huge amount of sleep powder hidden in the puzzles. Good for people with insomnia. Environment was nicely colored.The negative side: protagonists were the most naive beings i have ever seen in my life. Animations were funny because the characters had japanese nendoroid faces :D Plus the puzzles were too easy.All in all: 10/5I recommend it because I already played the worst hidden object game of the entire universe and this one was 10 times better than that (*cough*cough*dracula*cough*cough)
76561197991391480,Recommended,284850,22239466,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,wyldrose,"Solid HOG, with only the inevitables counted against it (uncanny valley, mediocre voice acting). Kitten helper is adorable."
76561198146196947,Recommended,284850,22130959,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Meluna,"Another great game from Artifex Mundi. Lovely artwork, scenic music and very decent voice work. As usual the great reveal is nothing surprising, but the story is still enough of a pleasant fairy tale to enjoy. The HOGs and minigames are varied and interesting."
76561198173457771,Recommended,284850,21195686,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,moon2stars,"AM has done it again. Beautiful graphics, challenging puzzles, a nice story and trading cards.  Well done."
76561198282479990,Recommended,284850,21372529,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,morea85,"I love the story and music. Beautiful voices and nice graphic. It takes at least two run to get all the achievements. It's a mix of puzzle and hidden objects. You can skip them, if you want, or use hints to help you solve them. The best Artifex Mundi's game I've ever played, until now."
76561198057785714,Recommended,284850,16540060,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SpaceCodet,"I can say without a doubt that this is one of the best chasing the story puzzle games I've played. It's a high quality game with a good number of puzzles. You do have a hint system with the ability to skip a type of puzzle you don't like as well. The art, music and so on are good as well. One of the few games I didn't turn off the music after 10-15 minutes."
76561197985210537,Recommended,284850,20593184,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Randunn,"HOG game not a bad game, good graphics and good story line enjoyable to playpretty straight forward, add extra things to look for during game fairies and changing itemswould recomment to anyone that likes a good story line, with out lots of complicated steps to follow some back and forth but not neverly as must as some of the other HOG games"
76561198266165004,Recommended,284850,20317324,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,misto713,"Good game, would recommend.Nice puzzles, not too hard, not too easy. I especially like the mechanics that allow me to choose the level from casual to expert. I'm a proud casual gamer and this game was a good way to relax from all the shooting ones. No stress.There are some things that are a bit ridiculous (why did I reassemble the spice rack in hidden objects screen when I wasn't going to use it?) and the game forces the 'girly' stereotypes down my throat, but otherwise, still good.But seriously, I already know this is a 'girl game'. There's no need for the kitten helper, and makeup matching with my sister, and the wedding dress reassembling part... The bear chasing parts were much better. The boulder and cannon screens were the best :D"
76561198324063263,Recommended,284850,28735977,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PixelPixie4,"Wow! There was a pretty decent storyline to this that kept me guessing. Normally these games just throw some plot together because they know their audience is more focused on the puzzles. It was refreshing to see a team put effort into the storyline!Other than that the game itself was fascinating, never quite come across one like it before. It wasn't as much hidden object as I'd thought it would be. Turned out that it worked really well for this game."
,Recommended,284850,28816247,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,diazflac,"Great fun!This is my first Artifex Mundi game, and I have to say I'm very impressed. The meat and potatoes involves a number of puzzles using items from the environment. These are cleverly crafted, with some getting quite intricate and involved as the story progresses.There are also many hidden object puzzle sections throughout, as well as some other styles besides these two that I won't spoil for you.The artwork is fantastic, and the visuals are impressive in general too. The score is appropriately matched to the mood of the tale. The mystery of the story drives the action fairly well. There are even some hidden hard to find extras. Some of them simply require an attentive eye, but others are even more creatively hidden.For the most part, the puzzles had a good logical flow to them as well, by which I mean the actions performed were reasonably sensible. I have played games in the past where that was not at all the case, and it really ruins the immersion and frustrates the player. Thankfully there is extremely little of that here, even with so many puzzles in this game.Simple examples off the top of my head: using a shard of broken glass to cut a rope, using a coin to loosen a screw, adding coals to embers to stoke a fire for smelting. These are but a few examples of the kinds of reasonably logical puzzle elements that you will encounter throughout the game. In other words, 9 times out of 10 the chain of events you proceed with as a puzzle progresses make sense, and are often ideas that might come to you naturally as you are playing and discovering the various components.I think the best part overall however is the fact that none of the puzzles ever become so difficult as to make it so you cannot finish the game. There will occasionally be points where you may be stuck, and there is a hint system in place that helps point you in the direction of what you need to do next, which is a welcome feature that I used from time to time during my playthrough. Even were this system not in place however, it's usually just a matter of examining each screen more carefully and making sure you find all possible objects with which you may interact.Overall I recommend this game for just about anyone. I think it is a game that many people would be able to enjoy, regardless of their skill or experience with games.If the rest of the titles Artifex Mundi brings to the table are of this caliber, then I absolutely will be recommending their games to everyone I know."
76561197968073802,Recommended,284850,31994830,Posted: 27 May,all,[LR] Laffi,"Nice story about friendship, family and love.About achievements:-Don't click the dominobutton until 2nd playthrough.-The extra dlc game is also required for all achievements to be completed."
,Recommended,284850,31846721,Posted: 19 May,all,Vasto4Lorde,Really enjoyed it.Super worth it.9/10
76561198315705219,Recommended,284850,31661891,Posted: 10 May,all,syaza.muzz,"I really enjoyed this game. Probably my favourite HOG thus far. Some of the puzzles can be a bit challenging for me, but that's what hints are for. I'm glad they added a casual feature and two more for more challenging gameplay. It was a nice surprise to see animated scenes after you complete some of the puzzles and to me, the transitions seem very smooth. The story in my opinion was good. And while I loved my kitty companion, I wished I could do more puzzles with his help."
