user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198159857015,Not Recommended,284990,19596442,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Silver Armoured Shadow,"This gameHooooo boy, this game.I got Solarix because I had just ran out of System Shock to play and was craving a sci-fi horror game in space to fill the void. And for the most part, that’s exactly what I got.Solarix is a sci-fi horror game that is predominantly stealth based with a bit of FPS tacked on. Emphasis on stealth though. You literally cannot go guns blazing in this game as ammo is incredibly scarce. And even if you wanted to, it takes a lot of bullets to kill just one enemy and they are alerted to your presence the moment you shoot them, so good luck even trying.Instead, you use your guns to shoot out lights to make the sneaky stealthing a lot easier. The stealth for the most part is well designed, combining both noise and sight into its mechanics. It's simple enough to intuitively understand and deep enough to get a good feel out of stalking, circumventing and taking out guards.However, my biggest gripe with the game is its frankly bizarre hitboxes. I don't know how or why, but in the second half of the game, the electro-shocker became incredibly unreliable for taking out guards. I'd stand there blasting away at the back of their heads for ages until I accidently either shoot too high, too low or miss and they'd instantly be alerted to my presence. This made the game so much more difficult than it needed to be and was the cause for about 65% of my deaths. Even wose, sometimes I'd try for ages until saying ""screw this"" and just shooting them. Other times it'd work perfectly. I am convinced the game randomly decides to make the enemies immune to the electro-shocker for shiggles.Likewise, even the shotgun lacked a lot of punch and didn't help much when I got caught in a bad situation. Really, your best bet when spotted is to run and hide in a dark corner until the enemy loses sight of you. I guess this works well for the stealth as it discourages you from trying to muscle your way through challenges, but I did not find it enhancing the game in any way.The AI for the guards was also quite strange. It was not uncommon to see a guard walk into a doorway or a pile of boxes and get stuck there. Likewise, sometimes if they chased you and then stopped as you got away, they'd get stuck in your path and you'd be unable to progress. Another weird thing they do is that in darkness you can be right up in front of them and they won't notice, but god forbid you move in anything more than a crawl near them or they'll instantly know where you are.Also, they appear to be afraid of stairs.Another problem that I only really encountered at the beginning of the game was an overabundance of invisible walls. Sure, in some areas it'd robably be a stretch to fit through, but in other places it was a serious immersion breaker to see a large gap that you should by all means be able to fir through.The games not all bad though. I gotta say, the voice acting in this game is quite sublime. Characters actually emote and you can really feel the fear in their voices. The lore too is very intricate and filled with all kinds of facets that add extra dimensions to the story. Mind you, sometimes the voices were too distorted or crackly and it became quite difficult to make out what they were saying. The UI is very good and the objective menu for the most part helped me out when I'd be otherwise stuck Graphically, the game looks impressive. Let me tell you, stepping outside the spaceship and into space, I was gobsmacked! The spaceship looked so good!But what's a good horror game without a good story right? Ho boy...This is without a doubt the most depressing game I have ever played. Basically, you play as Walter, an engineer who wakes up in a ruined base that’s gone to hell. With the help of the AI AMI and the enigmatic Betty, you try and find a cure for the mysterious and deadly infection that is decimating he colony all the while trying to deal with the ever watchful and threatening EYE. Without wishing to spoil too much, Murphy's Law is in full effect. Everything that can go wrong goes wrong. By the end of the game... Yeah. The ending in particular hammers home just how badly things went to hell.People often praise a game for being depressing, as it is an incredibly potent emotional experience. For me though, I can't help but wonder what the point of it all was. At the end of the game, you've basically accomplished nothing. 12 hours I sunk into this game to beat it and coming out of it, I question whether or not it was worth it.I suppose in a meta sense, this game shines with its oppressive atmosphere. You a far far away from home in an incredibly hostile and haunting environment with nothing but deranged guards and mindless zombies in your wake. And at the end of it all, that atmosphere stays with you as you wonder to yourself what the point of it all is and just how much it all really mattered.At the end of it all, I'm really not sure whether I like this game or not. For all the dodgy hitboxes and spotty AI the game had, it also had well-designed environments and lore/story that really got to you both for the emotional gutpunch of an ending and for an interesting experience in futility. I guess I got what I was looking for with more sci-fi horror in space, but I like my games to feel as though I accomplished something. So in the end, I guess I've got a tentative no. If you're looking for a nice depressing story and can stomach the strange guard AI and hitboxes, then this game is for you. But honestly, you really can't appreciate a good depressing story without some happiness and things going right to put the misery into context. If everythings goes wrong, sure that's more fuel for drama, but it gets harder and harder to stay invested if you just know it's not gonna turn out ok. Perhaps I'm wrong and too idealistic, but I get my entertainment from games by seeking a sense of accomplishment. Without that feeling of triumphing over adversity, even if its at a great cost and even if it's not as grand as it should or could have been and EVEN IF it's not or the better that you succeeded, then the game loses its entertainment value to me and I come out of it feeling worse for the wear."
,Not Recommended,284990,15647751,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"I'm going to try and be constructive here and honestly I went into this game with an open mind, but it is a total let down. People who compare this game to System Shock, Deus Ex or Dead Space don't know what they're talking about. Solarix is a Science Fiction game with a Cyberpunk & Horror theme, that is where the similarities start and end.This is a terrible mix of stealth, FPS and horror where you will spend 90% of the game crouching to avoid near sighted enemies who almost humorously go into an alert state from a single footstep the moment you leave the crouching position.There is no customization or character skills, no inventory management and I counted all of 2 jump scares in the entire game. There is a total of 3 weapons, 1 of which is non-lethal and rarely works due to poorly coded hitboxes and the other 2 you're given very little ammo for. Lastly every single objective consists of going here or there, flipping switches and finding access cards.Visually it looks like something from a decade ago, though maybe this was done ironically? And it is often choppy and stuttering for no apparent reason even on an i7 and 780ti.I would call this a somewhat polished early access game at best. It supposedly has a length of about 7 or 8 hours, though I finished it in half that time even with numerous restarts due to glitches and bugs. There is a boring storyline here about a virus, engineers, corrupt AI systems, etc, with little to no character development and just on the whole everything feels very sloppy and unpolished.I can see these guys (the developers) are fans of actual good games like System Shock 2 and so forth and you can see their influences, but Solarix can't even hold a candle to those games, try as it might.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a5c35N727k"
76561197996384005,Recommended,284990,16722840,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Quantus,"(Türkçe inceleme yazının devamında)English:As a fan of horror games, I bought this game soon after I discovered it on Steam. It has a dark, sci-fi setting where you need to figure out what happened that killed some of the people around you and turned others mad. While you can use your weapons or your shock device to kill or incapacitate enemies, stealth is what rewards you the most and what you should stick with to enjoy the horror aspect of the game. Besides, you won't have the ammo to shoot through every danger you encounter. If you're into exploring dark hallways with a flashlight in hand and paying attention to the sounds/noises to detect threats, this is the game for you.As with any other game, Solarix has its downsides, too. For instance, you can sometimes have a hard time finding your way while searching large areas for your objective without a compass or map. Enemy AI could use some improvement and the areas you can't reach can be made more disctinct by re-positioning nearby objects to block that path. However, the best thing about the game is that the devs listen to the playerbase and roll out patches according to the feedback they receive.Those who like sci-fi/horror genre should try out Solarix in my opinion and give feedback to the devs to make it even better.Türkçe:Korku oyunları hayranı biri olarak, Solarix'i Steam'de keşfettikten kısa bir süre sonra aldım. Karanlık, bilim kurgu temalı oyunda, etrafınızdaki insanların bir kısmını öldüren, diğerlerini delirten şeyin ne olduğunu anlamaya çalışıyorsunuz. Silah veya şok cihazıyla düşmanları öldürmek ya da bayıltmak mümkün olsa da oyunun korku yanından keyif almak için en faydalı ve en tercih etmeniz gereken yöntem gizlenme olarak öne çıkıyor. Zaten silahla tüm tehlikeleri yarıp geçecek kadar merminiz olmayacak. Karanlık koridorları elde fenerle keşfetmeyi, seslere dikkat ederek tehlikeleri sezmeyi seviyorsanız, bu oyun size göre.Her oyunun olduğu gibi Solarix'in de eksikleri yok değil. Mesela hedeflerinizi ararken bir pusula ya da harita gibi yol gösterici olmadan geniş alanlar tararken bazen kaybolmak mümkün. Yapay zeka biraz daha geliştirilebilir, erişilemeyecek bölgeler eşyalarla kapatılarak daha belirgin hale getirilebilir. Bir de oyundaki hikayenin bir kısmı ses kayıtları ya da evraklarla değil de sinematiklerle aktarılsaydı büyük bir artı olurdu. Bütçeyle ilgili bir durum olabileceğini düşünüyorum. Öte yandan oyunla ilgili en iyi şey ise yapımcıların oyuncu kitlesini dinleyerek aldıkları geri bildirimlere göre yama çıkarmaları.Bilim kurgu/korku tarzını sevenler bence Solarix'i denemeli, oyunu daha da iyi hale getirmek için fikirlerini yapımcılara iletmeliler. Türk yapımcılara vereceğimiz desteğin, yeni Türk oyunlarının çıkmasına yardım edeceğini düşünüyorum. Oyuna Türkçe yama çıkacağı söyleniyor, onu da söylemeden geçmeyeyim.Aşağıdaki linkte Solarix oyunu için videolu incelememi bulabilirsiniz.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNwbAB3QjkQ"
76561198030017832,Recommended,284990,17129927,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Loosra,"So, for starters, this game is almost exactly what the developers describe it as. An old school horror game (With actual horror) with a great sci-fi feel that, should the develpers decide, could become part of a larger series. Yes, the lore of it is just vague yet vibrant enough to fulfill the wonder that is curiosity. The game does exactly what a horror game should, like Outlast or Alien: Isolation which is keeping your teeth clutched in curiosity to find out, yet biting so hard that at the first sign of something terryfing, crack goes your molars. Although that is an exageration, some levels are scarier than others.During the begginging of the game, from levels 1-3, the game is more puzzle than horror. Like the fear is put on as a dress and the human is an adventure. That may be judging the book by the cover, but in most horror games, the mechanics are puzzle or action. The developers were keen enough to put the better before the bad. Even later, you can still call the game an adventure game, where as Dead Space was action with horror and puzzle side points, Solarix is an adventure and horror hybrid with action and stealth tacked on.Yes, action and stealth happen to be the tacked on bits in this game, but niether are actually bad. I spent most of my time and experience in a lower formed version than what is out now, that is saying that I dealt with more bugs and glitches than the average player. Stealth was always functional, as was the action (Shooty, shooty, taze, taze), but that isn't to say there weren't undefined facts. First, the very primier enemy you face is based on both hearing and vision. So you have to walk slowly and hide in the deep shadows. That's actually pretty smart and sensible. The second enemy is very ill defined though. It's defined by it's looks and lore, but not by any attributes or feature, as in ""What is or isn't there?!"". It's a zombie like enemy, walking in random patterns and always groaning. so you'd think from the last enemy, maybe I can do what I did with those other guys, but be a little louder, but that's incorrect. It's tough to find more paths around them, but the waiting adds a sense of tension and heart pounding moments. The occurance of being seen by them is an almost scream worthy moment the first time, but other times, it does become frustrating, more and more each time.How does the action hold up? Not what many would define as well. As I said, I played in a much lesser version, this is to be taken with a big handful of salt, and worse, I can't think of a better way than a list.1) Shooting is weak enough to feel useless, but it's hard to remeber how weak it is. It's only good against the mercenaries, not the zombies.2) Throwing things do not damage enemies, but it's all a stealth mechanic, not an action one.3) Ammo isn't plentiful, early game. The first paragraph description that the develpers give is not true, it's very difficult to get through any level simply based upon action.4) The action, for myself, created stress from frustration, not stress from tension or fear.This game is a stealth game, and it should very much be treated so. It may seem actiony, but it's not very. Stealth is how you progress. There is this one thing though, the game pushes you into action. It provokes you, make you careless. There is a character, who should be called Psycho girl I don't want to even assiociate with but there's not off button in my Helmet, whom constantly tries to provoke you. "" You're nothing but an animal."" ""You'd've killed those people if they were in your way."" ""You can't stop me"". All in all though, it's quite a wonderful place to be. It's a lovely game, an even better addition to any horror game collection, right beside Alien Isolation and Outlast.And in as a Plug, I played it for Youtube as well, you can see what I mean, but there is the problem of some recording issues that happened. Good day, or if you play the game, good night. Bring an extra change of pants. Or a new chair.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USCccr05O_8&list=PL_dXC6EA3yjmdWHqjaGF2rs108-ByRfPe"
76561197976551517,Recommended,284990,16823347,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,wkduffy,"Please allow me to explain, in a mere 5,095 words, why I genuinely like this ambitious indie game. Link follows>https://wkduffy.wordpress.com/category/solarix-pc-2015-turkey/Warning #1: Every game discussed on my blog includes ONE MASSIVE SPOILER AFTER ANOTHER, so take heed.Warning #2: TLDR folks will involuntarily implode at their computers if they click on the link above due to the word count…oh, dear God, so many words…Instead, those with ADHD can read the following excerpt:“Sure, Solarix includes alien planets and space stations and viruses and monstrosities, but ultimately these are just stage dressing. Instead, this surprisingly serious game is actually about five doomed characters—Walter, AMI, Gregory, Betty, and The Eye—all of whom are hopelessly stranded in the midst of a terrible tragedy. Play this? Yes, play this. Just keep your expectations in check (actually, ALWAYS keep your expectations in check regardless of what you’re playing). While Solarix most assuredly is a study in depress-o-vision, it delivers an interesting tale with sad, quirky characters who just might visit your darkest dreams when you least expect it."""
76561198006135085,Not Recommended,284990,32480839,Posted: 16 June,all,K-ralz,"There's a lot of stuff inSolarixthat left a bad taste in my mouth. The science fiction and horror labels of the game pulled me in, but after playing the game a few times, I cannot give a recommendation.First, I'll say that the setting, narrative, and atmosphere are well done. The voice acting is surprisingly phenomenal! There's no cutscenes or anything, the whole story is told from radio transmissions, voice memos etc, but it's still really impressive. All of the voice actors do a fantastic job, and the story itself is well written, with memorable characters and motives. They also nailed the industrial space setting. It's a great fit for the atmosphere of the game.But everything else? Oh man. The gameplay is so clunky and bad. It forces you to take a ""stealth"" approach most of the time because the pistol (the single gun you carry for most of the game) is weak as♥♥♥♥♥♥ The A.I. is absolutely abysmal and they have incredibly ugly animations. (They'll run up to you and hit you, and the only thing that moves is their upper body around their torso. It's really uncomfortable to watch.) The ""hacking"" consists of selecting a tool and holding a button down. While the atmosphere at times is spooky for sure, there's no actual good scares or moments that got my heart racing. Movement can be really frustrating, especially when exploring some of the levels, due to clipping. The save system is outdated. A whole chapter in the middle is just poorly optimzed and tanked my FPS. There were other glitches and bugs through my playthroughs as well.I'd have to give this a final score of 4.0/10. It's a decent experience, definitely not the worst thing I've ever played but it is really rough. I will say, the developers are really nice on the forums by interacting with the players, getting feedback, updating the game etc. Two of the achievements were bugged for me and a lot of other players and they patched it, among other things. They're putting out another game that is free for owners ofSolarix. They really want this to succeed, and it's clear that they're passionate about what they do. Hopefully one day they do hit it big with a game that has a strong story likeSolarix, but also carries the weight on the gameplay front. If you're interested inSolarix, I'd get it on a sale."
76561197972445514,Recommended,284990,15800766,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"Just got SOLARIX over the weekend and its influence from both SYSTEM SHOCK and THIEF is definitely there in a very strong respectful manner. Within the first five minutes the much different look and atmosphere of the environment reminded me of the first SYSTEM SHOCK game where everything felt new and alien with the pleasure of me learning the world as if on my first day in school or at a job.The sound effects and ambience is a work of pure otherworldly intensity combined with the placement of the game world's inhabitants in the right spots it really can get dramatic along with heart pumping startling. I love the voice acting which gives off a sense of me wanting to trust these disembodied voices in this hostile environment yet something tells me to hold back and see how things play out. Audio logs are also very well done with a serious side to them in the same manner as the ones in the first SYSTEM SHOCK game where i feel like am in a environment of scientists and workers who treat their jobs with very strict disciplined standards.Stealth is full of high tension reminding me of the fear i had playing the first two THIEF games as i try not to be seen or caught. Using ones environment to stay quiet and invisible is paramount to survival and or taking out enemies unnoticed. One more reason i feel like trusting the artificial intelligence voice AMI which runs the complex or the anarchist sounding female who pipes in with crazy talk or maybe not. Time will tell. The isolation felt in such a game world definitely has me reaching out for any possible allies. That male voice though from the preview trailers i have seen seems way to sinister to trust and thus far ingame i have yet to change my mind. Now that i think of it he reminds me a tad of H.A.L. from 2001 A SPACE ODYSSEY.SOLARIX definitely disconnects me from reality with all its atmosphere. The scaling of the environment is excellent sometimes giving me a feeling of being on the set of the first ALIEN movie with a sense of grandness. I also love the fact that i dont have to go total stealth by using properly timed head shots on enemies who can kill me in an instant if am not extremely cautious.Graphics have a certain cold retro hardcore style with its mixture of blinking lights and strangely comforting computer monitor screens amidst a worn industrial facade as if neglected from centuries of wear and tear.Thus far am having a frightfully fun time with SOLARIX. One of the reasons it feels so much like SYSTEM SHOCK is it has me constantly learning and adapting ratching up the tension and keeping me on the edge of my comfort zone.SOLARIX definitely feels like ""old school"" pushed to the max of excellence. For someone who appreciates the gameplay and art direction of the first QUAKE, SYSTEM SHOCK, TERMINATOR FUTURE SHOCK, THIEF, ARX FATALIS this is a masterpiece of artistic intensity.SOLARIX a dark malevolent future where the truth unfolds as a forboding mystery novel upon the id of your mind's eye. Buy it.. play it and pray its only a.. game."
,Recommended,284990,21715045,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SkyyNet,"A really good first-person stealth/horror game with a creepy atmosphere, inspired by and an excellent mixture between Thief and System Shock 2 made by an indie dev team.Stealth is really hard on this one as it should and most players will give up on it because of that but if you played Thief 1 and 2 on hardest you shouldn't have a problem. It does have leaning! And will remind you of SS2 a lot while playing it. You can also eliminate most sources of light to improve for a better stealth environment.Enemies are really sensitive and will react if you're too close to them generally meaning certain death due to the high damage enemies do and the limited ammo which wasn't an issue for me since i completed it without killing anyone and stunning everyone, stunning enemies works correctly but you have to be extremely precise on where to hit them.A few bugs and glitches here and there.The plot is good and really similar to that of E.Y.E and SS2.You will only enjoy this game if you love and are an expert on first person stealth games, otherwise move along."
76561197990783120,Not Recommended,284990,15646586,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MisterCROWE,"I liked the setting but it feels very unfinished; getting stuck on terrain, AI glitching out etc etc. I also had a real hard time getting the correct res settings, I really feel that all games should have an easier way to customise the game BEFORE it launches. I love a dark sci fi setting and thats why I actually bought the game; reminded me of Alien and Aliens and kinda gives a claustrophobic and worn down feeling just like those two movies. However I played less than an hour before I found some bugs that really killed my immersion, when detected the AI soldiers seem to glitche towards me crouching and standing at rapid speed while fire and endless stream of accurate bullets and their detection mechanics appear to be broken, they can detect me from any angle whether they are looking or not, but only when I am moving it seems. I'd like to see this polished a little more before I continue playing."
76561198137727869,Recommended,284990,15664080,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,llthssxyass,"I usually don't write reviews of games but here it is. Right, first lets get this out of the way... this game cannot compare to system shock, deus ex etc. I really like cyberpunk, horror and stealth games so I decided to give it a go and I wasn't left disappointed. You need to overlook a few things in this game maybe even a lot such as getting stuck a lot,  enemies become alert for litearlly no reason sometimes, it's extremely hard to knockout someone because you have to be standing up to do it and do it from behind (as with pretty much every other stealth game) however if you stand up and take even a single step the enemy will become alert, turn around and kick your butt. Also it doesn't really give that much information about what to do and where to go (I personally prefer it this way, I feel like games nowadays make it too easy for the player) which maybe a problem for some of the more impatient gamers. As other people have said, you WILL crouch throgh most of this game.Well those are the bad things about this game (ones I can remember at the moment). So why give it a positive review you may ask? I don't know whether it was intended but I found the game more creepy than scary although it was a bit scary on maybe 2-3 occasions, that being said I really enjoyed the creepiness. I really enjoyed the story it kept me playing the game and wanting to get to the end, to understand what is going on, see what's caused it, how it ends etc. As I mentioned before I love stealth games and although the stealth may have been quite broken every once in a while, getting through the game without using your weapons or using them very rearely was fun and quite challenging at times.Overall I think the game is worth a playthrough, it's not ""amazing"" or ""mind-blowingly good"" but it will keep you entertained for the few hours that you play it and if you get bored or angry at some of its faults, the story will keep you going."
,Recommended,284990,23210943,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,adrianmarshall167,"I've been following Solarix and the team developing it for a while, and spoke with them on Twitter a couple of times about their influences and their goals for this game; nice people with rather lofty goals, especially when the game drops System Shock as a key source of inspiration. It took a little bit for me to pick it up, as I couldn't back them on Kickstarter and I also wanted to catch the game on sale because it was a little ambitious, and post release the feedback wasn't encouraging, to say the least. On sale, this game is well worth the price of admission, but not without its flaws.Within the first hour of the game I found myself fairly immersed in the world of Solarix. The game is something of an amalgamation of a Giger-esque science fiction setting with stealth primarily rooted in the Thief series. I can feel notes of Dead Space in the story, as well as System Shock, but neither of these inspirations are truly borrowed from in full, and that serves to set it apart from those franchises. The game does a great job of setting up a very atmospheric and realistic world, oftentimes content with letting the player wander and see what they can see, but this is one of the aspects of the game that I feel is somewhat of a double edged sword.When the player wanders away from mission goals, immersion begins to set in, especially in non linear games leaning on exploration. Solarix seems content to remind you that if you decide to leave an area and your minor objectives in that area have not been completed, the game reminds you aggressively with a pop up. This seems somewhat odd a problem when there are so many subtle but effective ways in the canon of game design to keep a player on task without pulling them out of the experience.While It is fairly obvious where to go, it is difficult to follow an exact path because well lit areas more often than not serve as places to avoid, lest you get put down by a mercenary or one of the infected. Pulsetense had a huge opportunity there to add tension to these small moments, but instead I'm left feeling somewhat disappointed because the game requires you to spend your time on objectives that are vague about why they are treated with such importance. That broke the immersion quickly and unpleasantly for me in one instance when I found myself prodded to backtrack and explore two buildings that didn't necessarily serve a purpose other than to grab access cards and listen to an audiolog. Whether that series of events was important or not, I just wish I had a choice.While I recommend playing the game for the sheer amount of effort you can see from a team that has never produced a finished title, I can only recommend this game with half of my heart. On one side, the game is beautiful to look at, even in Unreal Engine 3, and I admire the scale and ambition that Pulsetense accomplished with this title, but on the other hand, it hasn't truly brought anything new to the table to mix up the Looking Glass Studios formula, and I find that serves to lessen the impact of a title that could have been a bit better than just good; instead something much closer to remarkable."
,Not Recommended,284990,15653266,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,iamnamtab,"This game had the potential to be a rough gem, but instead it just turned out to be a poor copy of better games like System Shock 2 and Deus Ex.The story is ripped straight out of System Shock 2, the devs call it ""inspired by System Shock 2,"" but that's like saying a story about a chemistry teacher named Billy Black who makes meth with his former student Jose Purpleguy is ""inspired by Breaking Bad."" It's a BS excuse for not being original enough to come up with your own story.The ""stealth"" is atrocious, you can stand right next to an enemy and they won't see you as long as you're not directly in front of them, but if you even DARE to stop crouching and try to walk 15 feet away from them, they will instantly swivel around and instantly firing/running at you. There's no enjoyable aspect of this, you can't fight enemies outright because the developers were too lazy to live up to the ""open-ended levels for combative playstyles"" they lied about in their description, so you must spend almost every minute of the game crouched down, sneaking past these enemies with awful AI that is supposedly ""Advanced.""The audio is awful. Every 5 minutes the game plays this looping hissing sound that alternates between stereo and mono, which causes my ears to hurt within 15 seconds of it starting. The voice clips are muffled and of poor quality; I had to resort to subtitles to understand what the hell anybody was saying in the audio logs. Speaking of subtitles, there are an insane amount of spelling mistakes, it's like nobody even tried to spellcheck this game. In the first 30 minutes you go looking for a ""PoweCell"" and listen to ""Incorent Audio Recordings"".The game is extremely linear, there's almost nowhere else to go besides where the plot tells you to go, so the game consists of crouching around, solving extremely easy puzzles, and listening to the characters who are all D-grade versions of characters from System Shock 2.This could have been a good game, but instead its just a game filled to the brim with flaws that ends up being a poor copy of System Shock 2 rather than its own game."
,Recommended,284990,15629591,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Liquid Mantis,"Beaten on Normal in about 5 Hours, i think i was pretty much one of the first people to beat it live on twitch too. (Probably one of the first to beat it as well.)Solarix is a pleasant surprise amongst the Stealth Horror"" genre.Its a very different game from your average stealth romp, it plays similar to Thief, mixed with a hint of Deus Ex and all wrapped up in System Shock 2 sauce.The game's story was a great and pleasant surprise, although it defintely overwhelms you at first as you are thrown alot of details, some which you won't really get until later in the game. Where the story really starts picking up, the characters start to become fully realized in their intentions and things come full circle. I won't spoil it one single bit for anyone that wants to enjoy it for themselves, it is honestly deeper than it is initially thought up as on the steam store.The Locations have a good variety to them, and remain for the most part open world. They also do a excellent job of building atmosphere, like all good horror games.. you are spent the majority actually all of Solarix, alone. Absolutely alone, with nary a friend in the world. Just trying to get by guards and zombies. There are things to pick up that don't initally come over on the subtitled conversations or audio logs, like little computer tid bits, actual audio/video onscreen and a few of the characters. There is every now and then always a sound of a nearby zombie/strogg/idk. Some of the ambience sounds repeat which is a bit annoying but nothing too serious.The Gameplay can tend to be a bit repetitive in the first half as it introduces its mechanics on the colony. There is a bit of confusion also in the level design in the first half and it made me a skeptic of what else the game had to offer. By the second part, i started getting better and started really enjoying the game, the atmosphere and the story. It wasn't triple AAA but it was entertaining and i liked the homage to the games of the past like System Shock 2. (One of my favorite games of all time.) If i had any tips to give to you, its that guns may seem like a very easy way of taking your enemies out at first and running past zombies is totally possible, later in the game is absolutely not lenient on you. Use the electric back prod, stay in the shadows and keep your guns locked and loaded for something scary or if things go wrong.I came into Solarix with bad impressions, the presentation of the beginning didn't exactly thrill me after experiencing Ghost Ship CDF, which was also built in UDK and it felt like a very similar vibe. Until i really dug into it.In terms of horror, at most the game gets unsettling, like you defintely wouldn't want to stick around for an extended period of time. Nothing like system shock 2 where you didn't feel safe at all because of the occassionally respawning enemies. Solarix has a good reason not to do so, because late in the game enemies are much more difficult to handle. Requiring more ammo and different tactics to take out your enemies. It almost turns into a puzzle game of when to  strike during the patrol pattern. I grew to like it.Now, comes down to the bad parts.The AI isn't very good, and can give you some seriously weird moments where you'll walk directly past a enemy and he won't give a single ♥♥♥♥. Where he'll glance at you for a moment, you'll sh*t yourself and he just walks right past you. Yes, alot of that will happen while you are playing Solarix. So much its kinda jarring. I wanted so badly for the enemies to interact with each other, particularly the mercs and the zombies. Or to see a merc so very rarely, freak out and lose his♥♥♥♥♥♥and start killing his comrades. Stuff like that would stop the AI feeling like a bunch of patrol patterns and little else.The story at the start is too overloading, it either doesn't tell you what the point of being there is or who these characters are and what is their purpose. Maybe its a way of not patronising the player but it got confusing for the first half. Some of that confusion is absolutely intentional however, so don't jump the gun and that is as much of a spoiler as i am giving you for the second half of the game.I'd also say that if Solarix would have been developed in another engine, it would have looked a little better. I mean it doesn't look bad by any means, just not great.The gameplay feels a bit repetive, just a little. If they kept it fresh towards the end it would have been great.Maybe add in a another enemy type for that extra challenge towards the end because once i got to a certain point then that was a breeze.I feel the price point is right, for the amount of fun that i had with it. I would recommend hard for an extra challenge because normal wasn't particularly challenging except for the very end. If you love sci-fi horror games, its still worth the spin even if it isn't particularly scary. If you have played Deus Ex, System Shock 2 or Thief then you will like this game, i am pretty sure about that.I'll probably come back to it after awhile and replay it on hard, since i had a fair amount of fun with it.TL:DR?Fantastic for the money provided you like the mediocre mechanics and well crafted story. Just expect it to be a little rough around the edges in places. If you like old school stuff like deus ex, thief, system shock 2 then consider buying it because it is a blast."
76561198268390719,Recommended,284990,23300098,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KickInTheNads,"It's strangely engrossing!  Once I started playing, I couldn't stop and just powered through it in a few days.  This is one that focuses on story and atmosphere rather than run-and-gun.  Refreshing game play!  There are a few glitches but nothing that gets in the way.  The musical score and sound in this game combined with it's environment make up the bulk of the gameplay.  Sounds boring but it isn't.  Don't try to do this game as a shooter.  The guns are all but worthless.  You play an engineer not a soldier as you are reminded repeatedly during the game.  The stealth is easy enough to do.  Kinda reminds me of Alien Isolation, where, if you are discovered, it's over man!  Well done, let's hope there are more artful games like this."
,Recommended,284990,18117087,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dragon_Claw,"Solarix (version 1.3) is a short, but fun horror stealth adventure game through spooky corridoes. The voice acting is pretty good. Graphics are decent with some good mood lighting.The only things that really annoyied me are the tazer weapon which is a hit-miss when trying to sneak up on enemies. And I (along with some other fellow) encouned a quest breaking bug midway through the game. Luckily the developers provided me with a fast work-around, so I could finish the game. So props to them for caring about their customers.So if you can't get enough of sci-fi horror games (like me), give this one a try."
76561198025233806,Recommended,284990,25357604,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Osama_Bin_Layin_Your_Mom,"This game reminds me of the System Shock and Thief games sort of mashed together, and that's awesome - they are two of my favorite game series.  This has all the tension and atmosphere of those games, if maybe not being as intricate or refined as they are.The game mechanics rely heavily on stealth - you don't want to be seen or heard by your enemies, at all.  Being spotted by an enemy is very, very bad.  You will never have much in the way of weapons or ammo, so your best bet is to avoid enemies altogether, or take them out by stunning them from behind undetected.  Failing to do so results in a brutal death.  The best method I found for taking enemies out is to watch their movements in order to plan the right moment to attack - get in a dark nook, wait for your moment, follow them close while crouching, look up and zap them right at the back of their skull with the tazer.  Any other method I tried resulted in missing most of the time and being detected.The sci-fi elements here are spot on for me - they hit all the right notes.  The level design is pretty good, conveying the sense of actual places, but come off as not being as sophisticated and clever as any of the Thief or System Shock games (secrets, alternate routes, etc.).  In fact, the levels, being generally expansive, seem to encourage exploration, but VERY rarely reward you for it.  And after mapping out the entire map you realize how generally shallow the maps feel - just not much depth to most.The story and voice acting are pretty good.  Some of the bugs left in the game are not - like reloading a save and finding yourself stuck in level geometry, constant sound glitches, inexcusably poor framerate, etc..  Quite awhile back I posted feedback to the developers in the hopes that they might address some of the things I felt would improve the game, but they've apparently moved on to other projects.  That's very disappointing.  As is the very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS I get on this 3 ghz dual-core machine.  This is an Unreal engine game - so why is it so poorly optimized?Yes, I recommend this game for Thief and sci-fi fans, but with caveats."
,Recommended,284990,17129084,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,xNFAx,"This is an indie game, but more like an AAA title. Atmosphere is aweasome, graphics are good enough for an indie, control and gameplay is smooth and well done optimization.This is a stealth - sci-fi - horror game. and you get what it is. Usually AI is smart enough maybe a little tweaking needed. They are firing non-stop untill kill you when they see (or hear) you. This is stealth game if you play in shadows so there will be no problem with AI. Don't forget ""You are an engineer, not soldier!"""
76561198027653986,Recommended,284990,23953370,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iaB | Dario,"ReviewA nice little stealth game, that doesn't relie on a fighting mechanic.Definitely recommended for lovers of stealth games!"
76561197970600723,Not Recommended,284990,24691290,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[[Soozey]],"What a disappointment this was. A homage to System Shock with elements from Deus Ex. Failed to recieve funding and was left half-baked. Some aspects are great and it shows that they really wanted to make something. Doesn't make me angry. Makes me sad. :( I really wanted this to be good. Most important reason to avoid this game is at the bottom.Things that function as expected:► Rebindable controls► Field of view adjustment► Scarce ingame resources. Survival horror 101.► Light-based stealth, with ability to destroy light sources► Functional, mostly predictable stealth AIThings that exceed expectations▲ Fantastic horror atmosphere▲ Great ambient soundtrack▲ Decent texture- and animation quality for low budget▲ Immersive amount of player control. No cutscenes, no contextual actions that alter the controls.▲ Good voice actingThings that fail to meet expectations▼ Sometimes clunky interface. Interaction prompt misleads the player regarding interaction distance.▼ Can't drop items, duplicates clutter inventory.▼ Some problems with sound processing. Doesn't fade properly in distance occasionally.▼ Amateur-level modeling mistakes in some meshes. Vertex normals calculated incorrectly. (not important really)▼ Physics glitches (nothing major)▼ Fairly linear level design▼Common save glitch that spawns player underneath the level. Lack of manual saves means that you need to restart an entire chapter if you want to continue.TL;DRPlease, next time these guys want to make an awesome game, give them enough money to make it happen. I know they can do it. Good effort, bad result. A tragedy indeed."
,Recommended,284990,15904405,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Lethal Talon,Epic game. Anyone who wants a challenging horror/ Stealth/ FPS game. This is for you. You will not be dissapointed.
76561198190609809,Recommended,284990,20862634,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,nihilmute,"The game has good atmosphere and a familiar story.And as a stealth game should be it, favors planning not gunplay.The voice acting and character designs are also pretty good.So for gameplay, you get your money's worth.BUT my biggest gripe is with the save system. It only holds the last checkpoint and sometimes when you reload you can encounter very bad surprises.In the 2nd chapter, when I reloaded I died instantly (I was with full health and no attackers nearby).Also in the 2nd chapter after I passed the turrets and entered the mines, after reloading my character fell from the map.When those kinds of save issues happen, the only thing to do is to restart the whole chapter. And that means you have to play again all the parts you have already passed.So I wish that devs, at least keep not one, but the latest 3 saves so we can go back to a previous one.In the meantime I wrote a simple batch script to have a backup of all the auto saves.So I can say that my biggest problem is kinda solved, so I am changing my recommendation to yes.The save backup script can be accessed from here.http://steamcommunity.com/app/284990/discussions/0/451852225147212047/"
,Recommended,284990,33427650,Posted: 10 July,all,doctor.hogart,"TL;DR: Recommended only on sale, if you like scifi and stealth, and don't mind some rough edges.Game looks nice, but level-design is bad: levels are vast and mostly empty (perhaps they were planned as action packed with enemies?). More audio-logs and/or enemies could help. A lot invisible walls, but I still managed to stuck somewhere.It's good to have stealth, but enemies are too predictable, they always wander between same 2 or 3 points. For recommended stealth approach this game offers too much medpacks. Checkpoint saving in stealth is kinda frustrating, especially when they're sparse. Probably this game would be better off as walking simulator, like next installment De-Void.Setting and overall narrative stuff are good. Voice acting is very good too.Again, looks nice, but really underoptimised. I dragged through ground levels with bearable quality and FPS, but on space station it's more like frames-per-minute, to the point it's impossible to play for me.Despite all this bumpiness, I can say I enjoyed it, so I'm pressing ""Yes""."
76561198031136337,Recommended,284990,15842251,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,Only played an hour but interesting game so far..Immersive setting with dystopian space you got to love it..Nice sneaking guard AI allrightIve finished it now and its a solid game..Went for the stealth path and i must commend the developers forgetting the dystopian atmosphere to right where it should beGunplay is solid and sneaking is a lot better after the last patch8 of 10
76561198242852450,Recommended,284990,17396709,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,mustafayilmazca,"(Yorumumun Türkçesini aşağıda bulabilirsiniz)Imagine that you are all alone in a huge world!A fantastic game was created by combining fear of loneliness with fabulous screenplay.The fear is so well depicted that you never feel extremism.The senario tempts you to figure the facts out at all times and you want to know what happens, how happens promptly.SOLARIX is the game that you never leave without finishing once you attempt to play.DEFINITELY RECOMMENDEDDevasa bir dünyada tamamen yanlız kaldığınızı düşünün!Yanlızlığın korkusu muhteşem bir senaryo ile birleştirilerek harika bir oyun çıkarılmış ortaya.Korku o kadar iyi işlenmiş ki hiçbir aşırılık hissetmiyorsunuz.Senaryo sürekli gerçekleri öğrenme isteği uyandırıyor ve bir an önce neler olduğunu, nasıl olduğunu öğrenmek istiyorsunuz.SOLARIX Oynamaya başlarsanız bitirmeden bırakamayacağınız bir oyun olmuş.Kesinlikle tavsiye ederim."
76561198043324388,Recommended,284990,18524854,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GreyLines,"Solid enough game. Not a bad stealth game, only rage quit once due to a faulty save point.7/10 as I said its solid!"
,Recommended,284990,15707780,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Eminem2420,"If you can put aside the various glitches that may force you to restart the chapter, it is a good game and i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys sci-fi surivival horror type games."
,Recommended,284990,17843801,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Akandemirtr,"The price is very reasonable and the game has impressive visuals, hence immediate purchase for me. And the download is only 2gb and the game has several hours of gameplay and chapters. The graphics are really incredible for an indie studio. The dark and sinister ambience really sucks you in. The 12 chapter story really gets interesting after chapters 3 and 4. After those chapters, trust me, you won’t be able to leave the game off, since you’ll keep wondering what will happen next. And there is really some nice story-twist along the way.There were couple of bugs initially, but after 3 patches they have been resolved. All of the negative reviews were written obviously before these 3 patches.I really recommend this game if you are looking for a solid, story-driven and atmospheric sci-fi experience, which is kinda rare lately for indie games."
,Recommended,284990,15827942,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Caes,"Very good!But what's about more checkpoint or normal save system? System shock 2 was scary without ""modern"" system of checkpoints."
,Recommended,284990,20402955,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,tolkki3Z,"I rarely write any reviews, but since I was asked so polite (By Pulsetense Games itself) - I accepted it. I can only say how I felt about the game. Sorry for any bad english, not my native language you know... :pSolarix is a scifi horror game, made by the Pulsetense Games, and anyone who has played Systemshock 2, may notice, that these have something in common. After all Solarix was influenced by it, one of the most epic scifi-horror-adventure game. And Solarix does it well for  indie game. Not entirely the same though. No adventure game, but dark creepy atmosphere, that has some horror elements, and well written story - that sometimes leave you puzzled on what to believe. Unlike many other indie games in my opinion, that tend to be bad, this one works good. But I have to admit on the horror factor, I didn't felt scared all that much.For me it was all about stealth: sneaking around the enemy without getting noticed. When they turn around, hack that door open and slip in undetected. Hide behind the shadows and possibly go around them. Yes, you can hide in the shadows, like in many other stealth games. I usually tend to play stealth games in a way, that I don't kill anyone. Sometimes it works in this game. In the beginning you need to sneak your way past them. You don't have any guns yet. Sadly when you do get a gun, (tazer in fact) it's better to just taze them out. Sometimes in a situation you don't have any choices. You can only knock them out if you sneak behind one and aim the tazer to it's head. That doesn't always work though. It's really about what angle you do this.There are many infected enemies to go around, and also non infected. These non infected are people behind the mask, and they're tough. You can't really go shoot em up on them, you have to plan ahead. Guns don't pack a punch all that much, but then again I was playing this on Hard difficulty - and also it's not meant to be played like uncle Sam would. Even the infected creatures don't die easily. Some do, but some of them seem to act like indestructible. (multiple shotgun shells, and still not dead o.o) I don't mind this, although it does sometimes get on my nervous :L and they sometimes act so unpredictable. They don't always follow that usual pattern, which leaves you more alert. I literally sneaked the whole game through :DUnlike many other indie makers, Pulsetense Games has done pretty good job. Sure there are some minor unfinished edges here and there, such as falling off the floor :< which made me replay a whole chapter once more. This only happened once, so it might not even happen again. I'm not gonna say anything about the graphical stuff, you can just check the photos for that, and make your own opinion. For me it's between decent and good. I'm not much of a graphical dude. If the game is good, that's all that matters.I also don't want to say anything about the story, cause I don't want to spoil it to people. Let's just say that there's a computer A.I called A.M.I, and human called Betty, that are guiding you through the darkness of infested planet and spaceship. Your goal is to find the cure. Let's just say that there's more to it than that ;)Short version: This game is for stealth fans, and for those seeking for a scifi-space-horror like game, with deep story build into it. It's not an adventure game. It's pretty much moving to point A to point B type of adventure. It took me about 10 hours to beat this game. First time playing on hard difficulty, and while recording a playthrough for it. Sadly, there's no replay value, which is really important for me :/ unless the story is unclear somehow. Maybe building achievements would help. Very tricky ones ;)All I can say is that I liked it. Well done, even with some minor fall backs. Usually all games, especially indie games tend to have. But Solarix is still better than most of them.If you're like me and like playing stealthy, buy it ;)Cheers ^^"
,Recommended,284990,32970224,Posted: 28 June,all,Necrosophist,"During my first hour I got stuck in the map three times and had to reload a previous save. For a game where sneaking is a large mechanic, getting stuck trying to go behind containers that appear walkable was frustrating.Other than that it's a fun space horror that's got a few other rough edges that one would expect from an indie title. Good for a romp through and some unique atmosphere. Just don't overthink where you place your feet."
76561197971042250,Recommended,284990,22131979,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TreyNutz,"Solarix's strength is it's story.  It's a nicely woven tale with several layers that all come together at the end.  Interspersed throughout are a few subplots told through PDA's and email.   But it's the main story that really carries the game.  The voice acting is surprisingly good.I also liked the massive scale of structures both on the planet and of the ship itself.  I found it fascinating, making my way around the environment, to wonder what everything was and how the colony originally operated.  Lighting was always dark and oppressive, fitting for a stealth game with horror overtones.Gameplay was ok.  Not stellar but not bad either.  I was instantly reminded of Thief: The Dark Project.  Solarix is a stealth game and so confrontations with enemies tend to end badly and are best avoided.  I played on medium difficulty and found the game fairly easy.  The game uses checkpoint saves which are usually sufficient.  There was only one point where I wished I could have saved progress due to a tricky area.While Solarix succeeds in many ways, its low budget production values show.  Complicated machinery constructed with different parts is often covered in a single texture (which isn't a big deal given how dark the game usually is).  AI isn't very good.  Enemies stick to the exact same patrols unless alerted.  Enemies sometimes appear to get stuck.  At least on medium difficulty detection distance is pretty forgiving.  I also got stuck (i.e. immobile) on different maps 4 times and had to reload the game to continue.But overall I thought the journey was worth the $10 I paid.  I completed the game in about 11 hrs.  If you are looking for a solid sci-fi/stealth experience with an engrossing story, Solarix delivers.  Just don't expect AAA production values."
76561198065046595,Recommended,284990,18994313,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Landis,"I grew up playing the original Thief, and all the fan made missions for that game. So it brings me great joy when i come across a game that has similar stealth mechanics to Thief, and this game nails it on the head! Not to mention a great atmoshpere, combined with a compelling story, and some fantastic Voice acting, I very much enjoyed every minute of this game and give it a big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,284990,21422789,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Yogi,"THIS RECOMENDATION IS ONLY FOR DIE-HARD FANS (I MEAN IT!) OF THE GENRE!For everyone else, probably move along as the cons will far outweigh the pros.Based on version 1.5Pros:- nice atmosphere- story is ok if you're a fan of sci-fi horrors/thrillers, nothing groundbreaking but you can see there was heart put into it- graphics are simple but there is some style to this game which I can appreciate (loved the spooky space skyboxes)- stealth is functional once you know how things work (even quite fun on larger levels, not so much in corridors)- solid sound design even if a bit random at times- (personal) the authors like things that I like, enjoyed the easter eggs ;)Cons:- BUGS, if you're extremely unlucky and the save craps out on you (you spawn outside of the level and die) there is not much you can do besides a ""new game"" because if you quit and reload there is no ""restart chapter"" option. It happened to me on the first level (fortunately), the rest of the game I was lucky...- Combat SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥ there is no two ways about it. If you're spotted just reload, it's not worh it and it will leave a sour taste in your mouth- Weapons are underpowered / bulletsponge enemies on normal, the ""shocker' could really use some kind of ""in range"" cue- graphics as far as models and texture variety goes are nothing to write home about, but that is to be expected given the size of the development team- smaller bugs, got stuck on geometry one time, the enemies ""limp"" on air, pressing buttons/terminals sometimes not triggering events and need a couple of trys- achievements seem to trigger at randomI picked it up on sale for 10 euro, which I consider a fair price for this game."
76561198126417780,Recommended,284990,15634921,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Max Critical,"Refrences to System Shock 2, Thief`s series, Bioshock`s series, Dead Space`s series, Outlast, Deus Ex, Alien: Isolation, should make you a hint that this game has very big pottential and worth playing. Enough comparisons and more playing :)P.S. Support the developers, maybe they will grow enough to make somekind of remake of SS2 in CryEngine 3 not UDK 3 :P"
76561198012824525,Recommended,284990,15626628,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TRULY TWIST3D,"I havnt gotten very far yet, so far it seems like a cool game. but what ive seen there seems to be a fair amount of the ""threats"" having short pre determined predictable paths which was getting a little stale, but again i havnt gotten very far. it seems to have a lot of potential. good atmosphere and sound design which is key in horrorheres first 30 min of gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFPkqTm06ik&feature=youtu.be"
76561197964252600,Recommended,284990,15678654,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,grumpa,"Hate to say ""Wanted to Like it, or played with an open mind"", because I really did. The fact the guards & zombie 'things' actually sometimes change their pattern is fun. (I think its a glitch but still).... The ambient sounds and effects are nice.  Graphics are fine, the lighting is fun. Detail is in the vastness of the unknown, more then the graphic details and depth of map, in this game.  Being able to explore beyond the designated map, really gives you the sense that there is freedom.  Which is a good thing, after all most times dreaming of the gift is is better then opening it.  To be honest, I wanted to play Desu Ex again.  I wanted a game that gave a non scripted feel to the challenges.   Purchased this game because some reviews said it was kinda like that.  The computer voice does sound a lot like Eliza, so points for that at least.  So I guess in a way, this is like Deus Ex...... in the same way it is looking at your sister wearing yoga pants.   I'm coming from the mind set of Team Fortress and Half-Life before there was a digit after their names.  I mean, Longest Journey, expectations. . . This does truley feel like at best a beta release.  (I've never played a beta release) But the 3 first games I ever played were sopwith camel, wolfenstein 3d and LHX. . long story shore, this feels like Johnny Mnemonic meets Far Cry 3. And/or maybe Lawnmower man / Event Horizon"
76561197997898015,Recommended,284990,21470460,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,onewithout771,"Lots of fun, lots of bugs."
,Recommended,284990,18695621,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,mafo,"This game was an interresting first person shooter story telling game. I like stories of such games. The story made me go on with this game. If it wasn't for the story and the curiosity of what's coming next, I probably wouldn't play it. But it is enough for making it worth playing, even if it reminds me more of a class B-game not fully tested, even in version 1.4.There are places where I easily get stuck and need to reload savepoints usually because I can't move. Even savegames failed again and again in one chapter, made me restart the chapter twice. If you look at the textures a bit closely, there are lots of places they made easy solutions and with lots of glitches. Just strecthed the textures for monitors, doors and other objects. Rooms and areas where you only could find a single healthpack and so on, made me feel like I wasted time to explore. Enemies who walks out of their path or are getting distracted could get stuck, get in loops or do ""funny"" things. Somewhere the physics isn't right either but I won't tell where. And there weren't actually variations of objects to use or the way to tell the story.But if you get used to that, the story and things to do is interesting enough. But the game had potential to be a lot better thou."
76561198250544676,Not Recommended,284990,21351816,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jb2097,"Solarix is a first person stealth game, desrcibed as a science fiction / horror game. This description is incorrect, as I played for two hours with no scares whatsover.Considering that this is one of my favourite genres it takes a lot to bore me, but Solarix is mindnumbingly tedious for a stealth game. Bizarrely you move faster crouching than you do running, though if you alert an enemy it's pretty much game over on hard. Which isn't helped by some autosaves plonking you right in front of an enemy....The stealth is too easy but also unreliable, and weapon / item  switching takes ages when playing with a gamepad. The plot seems okay though I haven't seen all that much of it - and to be honest am not that bothered about playing further.I really enjoyed games like old school Thief/ Outlast / Alien isolation/ Penumbra / Soma, and wouldn't compare Solarix to those - it lacks atmosphere /  scares, and isn't very compelling in general.Bear in mind though that this is only a few hours in - it may get better, but I seriously doubt it.EDIT: Played it some more......1) The story - crap, has a ""twist"" that had me in stitches it's so poor. If Ken Levine is the Stephen King of twists, then whoever wrote this is the Dean Koontz (or M Night Shamalayan if you're not familiar with one of the worst authors you could read)....I was laughing, which is not a good sign when you're trying to be dramatic....2) The weapons (when you get some) are awful - the shotgun does less damage than the pistol, and has terrible hit detection.3) At 70% completed I died, and the autosave happened at the exact same time - so now when I reload it instantly goes back to me being dead, and asks me to reload. Around and around it goes.....In essence - this game is rubbish!! The fact that there's an easter egg of a computer that's playing System Shock 2 is laughable, as that game is hands down miles better than this, and whilst it's not a stealth game you would be better off buying that instead. Despite being fifteen (or so) years older itembarrasses Solarix in every way.Buy the real deal and not this glitchy, mediocre imitator! Which, by the way, is not scary or ""horror"" in the slightest!!"
76561197997703735,Not Recommended,284990,21453027,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dohlbrak,"I would like to recommend this game, and if it is on sale, it may be a worthwhile purchase.  Unfortunately for me, as you can see by my shorter play time, the game bugged out and my save loaded with the camera sinking through the environment.  It just wasn't worth replaying the game to get back to where I was...As far as my impressions of what I did get to play, the game OK at best. It is a novel title that if you are very hard up may prove to be fun, but there are far better games than this to play in this genre.GRAPHICSGraphically this game looks horribly dated, for a title that came out in 2015, it is horrendous.  Texture quality is bad and optimization isn't very good.  With a 980 ti that was hitting 39% @ 4k, I was seeing a lot of screen tear, it lessened at 1440p.  The lighting is fairly good and sets the mood, but the fire effects aren't even on par with the first half life.  It's dreadful really.  The Unreal engine is capable of so much more than what is shown here.SOUNDSound wise, the atmosphere is done really well, conveying the dread well.  Audiologs can be hard to hear at times, due to the overpowering ambience, but this is forgiveable.  Character noises i.e. grunts and things, are laughable at best and completely pull you from the immersion.AIThe AI in this game is bad.  Constantly getting stuck on the environment, failing to fully investigate thrown objects that have all but bounced off of them.  Thier vision cones are terrible as well, sometimes allowing me to stand right next to them and at other times they would spot me in the dark, behind things at distances that were crazy.CONTROLSThe controls were fluid and smooth.  I never had any problems here, except when I mapped buttons and the contextual messages didn't change.  It's a small thing, but something that bothers me.All and all it's not a terrible game, but at this pricepoint, I say nay."
,Recommended,284990,21269150,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fragger B,"Solarix is one of those games that you go in without any expectation and after playing it you are more than surprised, in fact your gobsmacked by its brilliant – truly a must for all those who loved System Shock, Thief, Deus Ex & Metal Gear Solid.Easily one of the most underrated games of 2015.Read my full review onTotallyFarout.Wordpress.com"
,Recommended,284990,19471470,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"finished this game just today and the although the ending was more then a little... weird... in regards to not knowing what was going on exactly. the only two bad things I can say about this game is that there could have perhaps been a chance for the player to make a choice somewhere between EYE and AMI, perhaps Hart or Betty as well. and that there needs to be some turning animations done for all the enemies as it's a little annoying how they turn around instantly.there's quite a bit to talk about in regards to this game. for what the devs set out to do, it's a very well done piece. and although it's obviously inspired by System Shock 2, it immediatly sets out to make itself into it's own game. there are no jump scares here, everything is done via map ambience and the story itself. sound quality itself is very well done, especially the voice acting. *although* Hart's soldiers do sound quite confused, they're somewhere between being an outback Austrailian and a Russian which can be quite a laugh sometimes.9/10. would sneak past outback Aussie Russians again."
76561198027069558,Not Recommended,284990,23193781,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,darkmagerubius,"This is not Deus Ex or System Shock 2 at all. This is a Horror Sci-fi game that is more akin to hide-and-seek. I am not saying it is bad, as I have not played it for more than an hour in. I am just putting this out there because I kept seeing critics and reviews calling out those two games and this is not what you are getting into here. It felt like the atmosphere is correct for the game I think it is trying to be. Oh and for the Dev's, I don't blame you for my poor purchase. I was taking a chance and unfortunately it was not what I thought it was. Seems like plenty of people like your game so that's good and here's to hoping your company/team lives on to make more games!"
,Not Recommended,284990,34960083,Posted: 14 September,all,DEx,omg. the savegames are very often bugged and you have to replay thewhole chapter. your savegames are often saved at the moment of your chars death.Loading the savegames makes your char die instant or fall through the bottom.thats a K.O. even for bad games!  sry
76561198025324287,Recommended,284990,15628555,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr Widestrides,Has a realistic atmosphere to its gameplay. Enjoying so far.
76561197970695200,Not Recommended,284990,15657504,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Yngwiee,"I tried hard to like this game but ultimately i won't continue playing.The game just drops you in with no introduction or anything and from thenon you just crouch past everything as long as your indicator says you are in the dark.There is virtually no interaction with the environment, not much to be found or a sense ofexploration.The story is told by audio files and transmissions which i did not find interesting mostlysince they seemed to cryptic to me as i don't have any background on them.The weapons and tools really look abysmal. I do like the graphics, apart from the animations butsadly the whole place does not feel like a real space station, it feels more like it is a level generated fora computer game.I don't like savepoints and in this game i feel they are too far in between and this makes youreplay a section again and again.When it is the fourth time in a row that the shocker does not incapacitate an enemy from behind like it shouldreplaying the section stops being fun.I hate how you sneak up on an enemy, aim for the back of the head, shoot your shocker only to have the enemynot being affected, turn and then kill you.I would love to play another sci-fi horror game but this one i did not enjoy.And please don't compare this game by any means to System Shock 2 like i read sometimes.They are very very different."
76561198073301388,Recommended,284990,34862641,Posted: 10 September,all,Setsuna,"Solarix es una experiencia Única y Obligada para todo amante de la Ciencia Ficción. Todo funciona a la perfección dentro de su Universo, y es un verdadero desafío acompañado por una historia elaborada e intrigante.Los sonidos, la soledad, la oscuridad, el entorno, la historia, y sus enormes escenarios, hacen de esta; una cita obligada para todos los amantes del género.Para mí, es una joya y 100% recomendado con un 10/10"
76561198253201154,Not Recommended,284990,24111055,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lmagrail,"I wanted to like this game, but its too far behind for me to stick with it. The issues are with glitches it wont allow iteraction with objects at times, other times it will. In turn you miss key points and end up wandering around aimlessley. By this point in gaming developers need to have rectified simple game killers like that. Sadly they have not and although this in theory hits all the things I looke for in a sci fi, that one issues renders it unplayable."
76561198112600914,Not Recommended,284990,18740282,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,"...I really looked forward to playing this...but it quickly becomes obvious that it's very very poorly designed in some basic areas...First the level design is horrid...the game asks you to explore extensively all areas...great...I love exploring...now for the kicker...you will hit many invisible walls...but worse than that...& this became the game breaker for me... You will explore yourself right out of the playable game area & end up wandering around behind the real map area. Sometimes an invisible wall will even stop you tracking back into the game area...just wrong & very shoddy...lazy quality control even.Second the AI is garbage...the attack animation when you are spotted is laughable...like progamming from the early 90's..but worse, lol. The AI has no depth...either I see you..or..I don't see you...it does nothing else.Third...graphics are ok but the textures are very ugly...there is really nothing to look at & make you wonder about the world you are exploring...it's all just so...basic...& that's sad.4th...I wish I'd only played 2hrs so I could get a refund..but I'll try anyway, lol....good luck to you if you purchase this game...maybe you'll have lower expectations...mine aren't always that high & this game really does dissappoint..."
,Not Recommended,284990,20680727,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Just a Copy,"The game didn't look as good as in the screenshots(e.g. annoying dust and rain sprites infront of my view which turned as i turned, which looked odd)Stealth mechanics are not to my liking. It was kinda like shoot lights and crouch through the dark spots you've created. Ok, it was fun in Metro but here... it didn't grasp me.To be fair, i only played trough the first two sneaking sections and quit."
76561198046317314,Recommended,284990,15636415,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,hawk,"the game is great, the only problem is that it is incompatible with my geforce 840mi have to play it with integrated graphic adapter i hope resolve.however it is a really good game."
,Recommended,284990,23836773,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dmitry Odd,"Solarix issci fia stealth a horror with a deep plot which will surprise you. Do only for the sake of history, the gameplay has weakness.Sun Microsystems"
76561197976295768,Not Recommended,284990,19010564,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Jim,So this games exists because you are an engineer and you don't have enough ammo to shoot all the guards which would then make the rest of it easy since the biggest problem is what to do about the guards it is quite tedious attempting to sneak up behind all of them and tazering them in the back of the head thru their space suit helmets.   The blood that seems to squirt from the helmet after tazering is a bit of a mystery like this game tazers are supposed to be non-lethal.So well if you had enough ammo you could just kill all the guards really and then that would make the rest of the game simple.  My point is that it is somewhat ridiculous.  Why does it exist?
76561197993733619,Not Recommended,284990,16735383,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nine,"Bugs, difficulty picking things up, constant deaths.  Though the biggest issue is that you cant save when you want to since its so easy to die.  Forget about backtracking, its just not worth the frustration when you die, since most save points only appear to function once."
76561197972788776,Not Recommended,284990,19019093,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,psychopat,"Wow, this game was great until I'm about to meet the e.y.e in the end and I get killed by turrets everytime I reload the save. Lol! Bam uninstall and goodbye."
,Not Recommended,284990,20936142,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,✟4²ºƒιиεssε✟°,"Apparently my ""last save"" is like a thousand miles outside the map repeatedly falling to my death... Fix the glitches and it would be good."
,Not Recommended,284990,18488568,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,cozmicdad,"Disclaimers first.I backed this when it was a KickStarter and although it never got funded there, it still got made.It was on sale at 50% off so I thought I'd see how it turned out and, to be completely honest, I'm very disappointed.* The graphics are very murky.....Perhaps a design choice, but either way it just looks like everything is too dark and or out of focus all the time.  There is also a lot of screen tearing, even with VSYNC selected.* The controls are very unresponsive - Trying to pick up and / or activate objects in the environment requires so much trial and error....move a bit click...move a bit more...click....move away....move back...click...ah got it.* The game is literally a ""one mistake and you're dead. Reload"" kind of game....except it doesn't checkpoint ANYWHERE NEAR enough....You'll find yourself repeating the same 2-3 minutes of gameplay over and over (click...move a  bit...click...move a bit....).* The load times are just that little-bit-too-long..... Especially as you spend a lot of time reloading cos you died.....* You can get into ""dead end"" situations quite easily.....If you attract the attention of an enemy, but manage to get out of his reach (perhaps you crouch under a pipe, for example) then you are left with the enemy going mental right next to you, but unable to hit you....but he's so quick you can't do anything to get away......and while all of this is happening the frame rate takes a dive to near-zero and makes the game unplayable anyway.I was really hoping for a bit of game underneath the glossy premise, but I really can't bring myself to dig any deeper.  There's so many more games that are more worth my time than this one."
76561198013313335,Not Recommended,284990,23300809,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AI_Apocalypse,"The game states partial controller support (which usually means that once you are in actual gameplay you can rely on the gamepad).  However, it is very poorly implemented.  There is no jump button, even though it is available on the keyboard.  When went into keyboard customization it wouldn't let me map jump to my controller.  I can't recommend this game, mainly because they claimed it was included, but the partial controller support claim is sketchy at best..."
76561198085150472,Not Recommended,284990,22594499,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,antocularis,"Solarix isn't bad for a crouching sim.Nah, just kidding. It's actually pretty bad. This has got to be one of the all-time glitchiest, bugged out, and wonky games I have ever played. The developer and publisher must have spent like zero dollars on their QA testing Oompah Loompahs for this one and it really shows. You can literally crouch your way through walls and obstacles to areas on the map that you should never be able to access or see. For example in one of the beginning outdoor areas I was able to crouch walk through a wall to see the end of the map. And that was at the beginning of the map. I encountered numerous glitches with attempting to pick up items and move them. The best glitches are the ones where you can't pick up the item and move it even though you are supposed to. Really love those. Frequently you'll get jammed or completely stuck on the edge of a pathway or obstacle. The only way to get free is to restart the level. Very annoying. Super extra special bonus glitch- I shut off the background music in the main menu and when I play the game I have background music. That's glorious.The game describes itself as a stealth combat shooter, with a bit of choice as to how you want to tackle it. I went into it expecting something along the lines of Hitman, and boy was I wrong. There isn't much of an option other than stealth as you rarely come across any ammunition for a weapon. Instead you get to use a goofy lookin zapper that will one-shot space suit nitwits from the back of their noggin. If you are into that sort of game play style then this one is definitely for you. I found it tedious and kinda boring quickly. Oh yeah and when that one-shot to the back of the head goes wrong- and it will a good portion of the time it will also become very frustrating. Once the bad guys are alerted to your presence from a botched attack you'll be blugeoned to death like a baby seal faster than you can say baby seal.On the positive side Solarix does have a lot of atmosphere. It's got an interesting story line and decent voice acting. The graphics are not bad, even if some folks consider them dated.Final verdict- if you are looking for a science fiction horror game that's slow paced and you prefer to crouch sneak around the majority of the time get this on a deep discount only. Be prepared to deal with a ton of bugs as you push through each area and get yourself killed up a bunch by spacemen polluted with interstellar Ebola. Otherwise I'd skip this entirely. For reals."
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,284990,18575797,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,dfaugust2k,"Looked impressive, but this game really sucks♥♥♥♥♥ One to aviod at all costs. The physics stink, the graphics are a lot worse than  what you percive via the screens and promo videos and the story and voice acting are nothing but annoying. Sorry I actually paid money for this smelly pile."
,Not Recommended,284990,21597062,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Voodooman,"I cant imagine how this game got mostly positive scores, purchased it wtih expectations to see something like soma, what i saw was something more like... Singularity - cheap bugged out edition visually and in terms of gameplay it was like poor man's soma pre-alpha prototype.Stealth is so broken, ai is so dumb, levels are so linear, horror is som jump scare based, graphics is no where as good as it looks on screenshots (like one of very 1st cheapest Unreal Engine 3 games from 2007-2008), controls totally clunky, story is generic and poorly executed, UI is so horrible.  Everything is so broken, messy and cheap in this game.I had enough of it in 30 minutes, rage quited, uninstalled, requested refund.Dont but it, you will regret it."
,Not Recommended,284990,18540475,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Straith,"I want to like this game, but I just can't recommend it.  Folks probably want the short of it so here.Pros:* Hacking requires you to expose yourself while working on it since it's normally in the light* Adds to the story through audio logs and text documents* Good voice actingCons:* Poor quality graphics (I can accept dated looking graphics, but these aren't even as good as games 10-15 years old)* Terrible AI* Terrible map design (large areas full of nothing, punishing someone like me who likes to explore the map)* Terrible objective design, I missed that I had to get some documents, but the game is not particularly helpful at informing you of the objectives or integrating that more seemlessly into the experience.* I had a problem with the spacesuit and helment, it didn't seem to work correctly as when I stood up I took continual damage for no apparent reason and simply died.The short of it.  Pass on this game."
76561198089501075,Not Recommended,284990,18825911,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Neuhnee,I regret playing this
,Not Recommended,284990,25474489,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DeadlyDoRight,I give this a real thumbs down. A boring piece of crap game where you can only spend most if not all your time hiding from your enemies in the shadow. Too monotonous to be really interesting or stimulating.They should have made it a shooter game or given you a choice of using a knife or melee weapon to take down an enemy from behind. It would have made the game more interesting to play. The map doesn't give any clue as to your location in reference to any nearby landmarks making it impossible to navigate to an objective.You therefore end up going around in circles and losing your patience.It wasted mine.
76561198125676675,Not Recommended,284990,15665886,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LordFite,I played this game for about 30 minutes and that is probably the last time I will play it.  I guess I should have read the reviews before playing it.  It reminds me of a game that I had for the original xbox but I can't remember which one.  It reminds me of a game that I dont remember..thats all you need to know.
