user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,285110,14237556,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Wild Cat,"If you are the type that could get hyped about numbers in a spreadsheet, this is definitely yours. If not, well still take a read, there are more to this game than meets the eye.Most tycoon games try to be simplistic to address a larger spectrum of buyers but not GearCity. Sure you could use the automated tools and have a great time but the details that the game allows you to dig through if you chose to manually design your engine, gearbox and chassis are uncommon to this genre of games and surely are a great addition.Simply put, GearCity is a turn-based tycoon where you have to design a category of car by designing three basic components: chassis, engine and gearbox. The development can be too detailed for some people as some other comments suggest but in a recent update a wizard system has been implemented that makes the game accessible to everyone. The game also provides a stock-exchange system, a detailed offer and demand by area, by city and best of all, a historically-correct model of the car industry.This is not to say that the game is perfect yet, this is an early access with its bugs and crashes but I am optimistic this little gem is going to be on my list of all-time favorites.ProsThe articles section of the magazine are my favorite part, where they write a report about your recent car. It needs a bit more textual variations but it is definitely my favorite part.Designing the components in advanced mod is great fun, more so than designing the car itself. You can even get a license and just produce other cars.Detailed components description that are informative and not intrusive. The level of research in this game is nice.World map with major cities divided by continents with preferences to specific car-types while the cities have evolving population-count, personal income and demographics.Historically-correct gameplay. After you learn the basics, take the long run and start a game from 1900. It won't be easy for historical reasons (material prices, low tech and low car demand). Also keep the Great Wars on if you dare...Racing section that allows you to put your best car or engine head-to head with the industry leaders. Don't expect cheering and stuff but it seems that the racing section also helps your research section which is an ingenious addition to the genre and a very realistic one.Managing your factories and branches on the map is really nice but slightly too hard to be done individually. Luckily it is on the list of things to receive a major makeover in the coming months.ConsNo shortcuts. If after designing a dozen cars you just feel like skipping this one, well you won't.There is still a lot of ironing to do especially regarding crashes and interface but the dev is really helpful and hard at work making this happen.Clarifications about other CommentsThe comments about the hard parts are outdated, the recent update made an easier way to design components.While the game does crash randomly, it has a discreet autosave feature and it launches in less than 20 seconds on an average computer. While this is still not a good solution but it doesn't make the game unplayable. A hint is to always save after making a big change.In ConclusionI have rarely been that sure about a game except in cases where it was about Civilization or Skyrim and those are big companies and the games have a lot of graphics while this is an indie with mostly numbers in misfit boxes. If that doesn't tell how impressive the core of this game is, nothing would.I will be updating this review as the game progresses."
,Recommended,285110,10291259,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Nurini,"So, here we all are, a new game has arrived for the petrolheads (yay). But is it worth it?Well, this one is a tough one.I'll tell you of my experiences and judgement and let you decide.Also, I'll be featuring a tl;dr at the bottom.For the petrolheads: Don't expect a lot of depth into the cars, yes, it has a body designer, but to be fair, it's fairly simplistic, sure you can smack some bits (there aren't a lot, at all, i'm afraid, this is early access though, so it might change) onto premade shells which you can lengthen/shorten a bit, yknow, basic editing. The placement of stuff is wonky though, I've had a very hard time placing wheels for instance, and you have to tell it to mirror parts (err, since when are there asymmetrical cars? ANYWAYS...)You can also ""design"" the car's chassis, engine and gearbox, although not much in depth. If you don't know jack sh*t about cars, don't worry, there's a fully automatic assist there to do the work for you, not like there's a lot of work though. For example: the engine designer, basically you can decide what sort of engine (inline 4? V8?) What fuel, and the emphasis and quality of the engine. That's it? Well yeah, pretty much.For everyone: Soo what is this game about then? Automotive economy, my dear friend. If you're interested into the economics of selling cars, then this game is for you. You're basically the CEO, making the head decisions, with quite some micromanagement to have fun with. Be warned though, this game can be a pretty tough nut to crack and get started, since there's no tutorial, and the world of economics isn't really, y'know, not a place filled with people just hugging eachother, not even on easy mode. As far as I've seen it's pretty in depth with the market: where to build your company, how far to deliver, pricing (obviously), work environments,... Plenty of stuff to awaken your inner capitalist and earn some money.tl;dr: This game is more about economy, rather than designing cars, although there is some.If you're looking for a game with the emphasis on car design, I'd sincerely suggest checking out Automation, which is in early access too, just not on Steam yet.Conclusion: If you have some spare cash laying around and you like economy, and you like some cars: Then this game should give you a good bang for your buck. If you dislike economy though, you're honestly better off avoiding this game."
76561197965243114,Recommended,285110,12306924,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,freeman2344,"I've been playing GC for quite some time now (especially the beta before the Steam EA release) and would estimate to have accumulated quite a bit more than 500 hrs in total by now. It is therefore safe to assume that I'm quite attached to this project and would recommend it to anyone with even a passing interest in the automotive industry, management games and simulations or - better yet - both of these fields!Of course, the presentation of GC may be considered somewhat old-fashioned or even obsolete by today's usual gamer crowd, but one would honestly have to ask, what could actually be improved? This IS a management simulation after all, should tables and menus be made 'prettier'? Would that add to the player's 'enjoyment'? I certainly believe it does not. Recent games that exhibited at least partial similarities, such as GameDev Tycoon, often feature simplified, cuddly, though arguably 'artsy' looks to mask what is essentially a very hollow gameplay 'husk'. GC is the polar opposite - it may not look like much, but it sure as hell has 'substance' - and that is what finally makes a good game and keeps players coming back. The designed vehicles themselves could surely be improved upon - but remember that this game was not funded at all for a long period of time, so concessions had to be made somewhere. The vehicle design is merely a 'gimmick' in current versions anyway and therefore not of great importance. Most elect to skip the design phase entirely - as this is, I would admit, the only point where the presentation fails and may certainly look 'cheap'. But do not let this keep you away from exploring this wonderful game further.The gameplay itself, the fidelity of the economic simulation, the extent to which vehicles can be designed and customized are all aspects that other similar games (and probably the gaming industry in general) are severly lacking.Add to to this the extensive and easy-to-use modding capabilities of the game (Want real company names and compete with Ford and Porsche? No problem, 5 minute job - Want to add new engine types, vehicle categories or your favorite racing series? No problem, done within minutes!) and you've got a real winner on your hands. It should also be mentioned that the games primary developer is almost constantly available on the official forums and open to any and all kinds of suggestions, many of which are actually implemented. Bugs that are reported are also fixed in a matter of days. Having bought a staggering amount of early access games in the past years, I honestly have to say that I have never before seen this type of commitment and responsiveness from any other developer and that alone should suffice as a reason to make this tiny contribution to such an outstanding project that stands out as a modern pinnacle of grown-up and sophisticated gaming in a sea of mediocre and forgettable games.Recommended 100%."
76561198042130595,Recommended,285110,20891224,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Always Angry,"A long time ago I played a game called, ""Detroit"". The objective of the game was to build an automotive empire. Despite being released for DOS, it had advanced customization features rarely seen elsewhere. The game made every attempt to be immersive. Menus were represented as rooms or buildings. Want to change your research? Go talk to the researchers. Interested in making some investments? Call the bank from your office. The game even takes many major world events into consideration. (Which tend to impact your sales.)I could go on and on... Why am I telling you about Detroit? Well, Gear City is everything Detroit was, and more. The game is very retro. It very much looks like a DOS game. That said, it has features which set it far apart and above old games. (Such as interactive 3D models.)The main feature is designing and selling your own vehicles. The game takes place over many years. As you research new parts, your build options expand. The available parts are extensive. They don't cover absolutely everything, but they cover almost anything you'll want to build. The body options are somewhat limited, but this is mostly superficial anyway.If you like turn-based, business-management games... you are sure to like this one. Of course, if the retro style turns you off, you might want to back away now."
76561198006653787,Recommended,285110,13795682,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Captain Planet,"First thing I would like to say about this game to potential buyers is... if you are looking for 2015 Direct X11 graphics, exciting animations, live action, this is not it and you probably wont like it. There is a part of this experience that has to exist in your mind and imagination because its not gonna be shown in HD graphics. That being said, here is what I think of it:I am both an Auto Mechanic in real life, and just a general fan of mathematics and physics in general. This is the perfect type of game for me. I absolutely love the full control, you can chose to build a car with a single cylinder, 2stroke, dirtbike engine in to your tiny little sport car, or you can put a gigantic V12 in your work Van. There are no ""invisible walls"" here so to speak, this game allows you to make your company and your cars in literally any way you darn well feel like. The awesomeness of this concept... however... also makes the game quite hard. There is no handholding, your entirely on your own.Conclusion:If you have ADHD, dont like reading and math, dont want to spend time learning a difficult learning curve, or you just simply dont have a very high IQ score (no offense, some people just arnt nerds like myself) then STAY AWAY, you will not like this game.If you really love cars and engine design, and also love a good challange with ABSOLUTELY ZERO restrictions placed on the creativity of your mind in both Engineering choices and Marketing choices, you will love this game like I do. The dev is a single person who has put much love into this project. Give him some support guys. At this price, there is no reason not to click the buy button. Its totally worth it. I promise. If thats not good enough, this is the first time Ive ever bothered to write a review on steam. Thats how much I feel like this game deserves your support."
76561197984593887,Recommended,285110,19757600,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,bjerringholm,"Do you like buisness sims?Do you like cars and trucks?Do you want to design your own car..... from scratch?Did you like games like car tycoon, detroit, motor city (released in US as ""vice city""), Automation ect.If you can say yes to just one, or for that matter all of those questions, this is the game for you.Let me first of all point out that this is NOT just some attempt to make a game for the sake of fattening the dev team wallet, The activity of the one man dev team is absolutely unprecidented in early access games. this guy Eric B, have a dedication level ""insane"", i mean post a question or bug problem on the steam forum and some 10 minutes later you have a response with intention to solve your problem.PROS(some of them anyway)At a pricetag of only 16 Euro, 17 USD or little under 12 GBP this game is an absolute steal.There's a clear road map of which tickets are going to be addressed. If you submit a legit idea or bug he will implement/fix it.How much you want to micromanage is completely up to you. Building parts and cars/trucks you can either do it the  ""assisted"" way and have the AI do a ""best estimation"" based on type of vehicle you want to build (all though the AI still need a bit of work) or you can do it the advanced way and choose a *beep*load of settings eg: engines have submenues of:layout:type (flat, streight ect. and number of cylinders) stroke, bore, length, width, weight.performance:revolutions, fuel type, fuel economy, torque, valvetrain, induction typetechnology:well you get the ideadesign focus:even the way you visually design your car will make a difference, as a more aerodynamic shape and a smaller vehicle size will have an impact on your vehicle performance.Monumental level of detail, from opening factories, stats, marketing effect, stats, designing cars, race teams, stats, vehicle popularity, stats,  laborskills, reports, stats, funny magazine reviews, stats, and more stats. you can even have it generate a ""monthly report"" that pop up at the end of each turn. This game is so freaking detailed it even takes cultural stereotypes of the player into consideration.Want to build a V12 8.0 1600 HP coupe.... go aheadWant to build a microcar that can tow 50 Ton... go aheadWant to build a 350 Km/H pickup..... the choice is yours.CONS:Steap learning curveIs a BETA.... i mean its not perfect..... yet.If you don't give this game a shot.... we can't be friends.it has a fully playable demo with no restictions exept ingame years you can play, you can get it herewindowsMacLinuxHINT: If you want an fairly easy start (from 1900) build your HQ in a big city in North America (Chicago or New York) and build cheap pickup-trucks. That should give you a stable income for a few years :)"
76561198061201254,Recommended,285110,15650910,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Solonic,"First things first. I love it.Gear City is a game of rare complexity and strategic depth, that will apppeal to those of us  that enjoy both overseeing the big picture but also micromanaging the detail... there are plenty of spreadsheets and charts to mull over. I can see it staying on the hard drives of players of Civilisation, Football Manager, OOTP, EU4 amongst others, for a long time. I suspect it will also become a modders delight.There is so much to consider, forget developing chassis, engines and gearboxes for a moment, even the way you visually design your car will make a difference, as a more aerodynamic shape and a smaller vehicle size will have an impact on your vehicle performance. You will need to balance design, marketing, sales, manufacturing and production and a multiplicity of models and marques tailored to your target markets.It is unashamedly complex and as you come to grips with it, it can be roleplayed in many different ways. instead of building an economic juggernaut and driving the competion out of business, try building a prestige marque in a niche market and survive.The designer is extraordinariliy (and I do mean exraordinarily) prompt and courteous to queries and suggestions in the forums. He might even sleep occasionally, though I can't confirm that.It is still far from perfect, for example, screen navigation is clunky, necessary information can be difficult to access, reporting is insufficient and hardly a treat for the eyes, there are occasional system crashes.But whilst still  in early access, and a diamond in the rough, it is nevertheless already recognisably a diamond. Enjoy."
,Recommended,285110,32556810,Posted: 18 June,all,Mullet Disaster,"I've absolutely loved my time playing GearCity.Do you want a serious business sim that covers the macro scale of manufacturing and bringing a product to market?heck.Do you want to do outlandish stuff , like make cars with radial engines? Or giant cars with massive engines that have practical use whatsoever? Or cars with single cylinder engines, even far in the 1990s? Yep. Lots of potential for playing around with designs.This is a very unique game, and if this particular heavy business and fantasy auto industry world appeals to you, then by all means the game is worth a try.It is still a little rough around the edges, but I have played the current build for many hours now (over 60 years in game) without a crash or major game breaking bug."
76561198007194557,Recommended,285110,32813092,Posted: 26 June,all,Logan_Cale,"Okay, so this game is not for everyone. But if you loved Capitalism and wondered since then why no good business simulator has been created Gearcity might be the answer to this.I started off in Paris in 1900 and tried to create a cheap sedan for everyone. You know, like a french Model T. The ""Oriole"" was born and i managed to sell a few hundred copies. The rest of my money went into the stock of an american carmaker to make the money ""work"". And It worked. The 400 000 i invested have given me back over 10 000 000 just in sold stocks by 1915. And boy did I need it.Because, I became a bit cocky and thought I would make a giant pickup truck for the German Army (which obviously makes no sense when I´m playing as a french entreprenor in the beginning of 1900, but there was a contract - OK?).Anyway. It was a huge flop. The ""Cellar"" as it was aptly called took most of my money. I did not meet the specifications for the Germans and the consumers where not thrilled.  The truck mostly resembled a garbage container that could go 0-25 km/h in approximately 30 minutes.  It took almost all my workforce to create just about 5 of them per month. After selling about 13 units I stopped production.Over the years I became better. I learned from my mistakes. My minicar the Njordor was a commercial succsess, especially after I opened up a branch in London, and I invested all my money in building up factory capacity in Marseille, Amsterdam and Rome.Well. I guess I should have thought about it but I did not. In 1914 WW1 erupted. My factories in Paris and Marseille closed down immediately. And I knew that Amsterdam would probably not hold up. All car sales ceased and I started losing 500k a month.  I desperately cut my marketing investment and sold of some additional shares of the american carmaker.Luckily my new Pickup Truck - the Ragnarok was just finished. It was a work of art. I opened up a branch in Boston and started shipping and the yanks were crazy for it.  Now I am already preparing for WW2 by diversifying my production and sales branches to make me more resistant to world crisis situations. I will probably get screwed in the future but I will be prepared for it. My new Coupe the ""Educate"" are selling well and I even got a civilian contract to secure some sales and keep my production lines busy.So. I love this game. I really do.Pros:- Exellent business simulator- Makes you work for it. And you will. Failiure is the first step of succsess and your first company WILL go bankrupt. And you will learn from it.Cons:- Limited graphic- The body designer could use some improvementSuggestions for dev:- I would like a better overview for business decisions regarding my products. Like a screen where I can info regarding a product and ALL info. What´s in it? What are the quality of the parts? Where would this product be popular?  How much has it sold in every diffrent branch? What is my gain after shipping cost to every diffrent branch. And lots more.- Some scenarios to play (like in Capitalism)Summary: If you want a simple business sim, look for Mad Games Tycoon, Theme Hospital or any of those classics. If you have been longing for a complex but not impossible Business sim since you first played Capitalism - this should be your next purchase!"
,Recommended,285110,28854249,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"This is a hardcore car industry sim.  It's not a hardcore car design sim (that's Automation). But here's the story of my current playthrough:Started in 1901, and damned near bankrupted myself just paying for the R&D on the company's pride and joy, the 3486 Pickup Truck.  We set the price for it as high as we dared, and were able to sell enough to keep the doors open, but couldn't afford to set the prices lower in the hopes of more volume.  So we opened a branch in New York, and sales jumped up dramatically.  So we set about expanding the branch network, and manufacturing capacity.  But not all branches are created equal, and branches in smaller towns couldn't attract customers that could afford our prices.So, we did branch-specific discounts on the Pickup Truck, while noticing an untapped demand for Phaeton buggies.  Dissatisfied with the tiny power output of the only engine we made (1.5 litre, 3 cylinder model), we developed a 4.5 liter v8 engine that with ten times the horsepower.  Fuel economy (2 miles per gallon, rounded thoughtfully to 0km/liter) was something the lab promised to work on.Expanded manufacturing capacity brought new problems, because we were building more cars than people could afford to buy, and fiddling with the prices in the branches was driving the CEO insane.  So, when the K series upgrades were complete, we kept the older models in manufacturing and dropped the prices like a stone, while charging increased prices for the K series.  This brought in enough money to expand into the Sedan and Touring Car markets, and to open export offices in London and Paris.  Organizing shipping to the overseas offices was a nightmare, but we eventually stopped struggling with the interface and sold serious volumes of our most expensive models.  (Then we realised we could charge the same prices for the older models, so long as we didn't sell the new models into the European market. The warehouse manager was delighted.)Then the new factory in Detroit came online, after 2 years of construction, and we were able to flood the USA with low-cost cars, establishing a branch in every city in the coutry with four clicks in the 'District' interface - at last, we had the money and the knowledge to really get things done!There are still problems.  Our mileage is consistently terrible, locking us out of attractive-looking government contracts.  And the CEO's son is constantly asking ""Why don't we have a racing team?  There's a section in Revenue that says Racing, so we should do it!""  But are our engines really good enough for that?  And how much is it going to cost, for what real benefit?"
,Recommended,285110,16664634,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Don Cornaldie,"I don't normally write steam reviews, and this is actually my first. but this game is definitely worth one.I have been watching this game for some time because I'm a bit skeptical about early access titles. I however grew a pair recently and got it because it seemed very interesting. I must say, I am really pleased with what I got for the money, even for an early access title. If you like managing, tycoon games, cars, or micromanagement then this game is your paradise. If you don't like micromanagement then this game has lots of tools to help reduce the micromanagement to a level where it isn't unbearable so you can focus on other things.I also did some research and saw that this game was constantly being updated and what is even more mind boggling is that it's being developed by one guy whose dedication to this project is nothing short of insanity.Pros:-Monumental level of detail- from opening factories, designing cars, race teams, stats, reports, stats, funny magazine reviews, stats, and more stats, etc.- Very rewarding gameplay- the game may have somewhat of a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it, it's a really good feeling.-Hours of Gameplay and completely replayable with open ended scenarios-Constantly updated and being improvedCons:- Clunky car designer with subpar graphics, also needs more fixtures- UI could be improved a bit with more options to limit micromanagement in the mega panel- Still needs a bit more balancing and finetuningOverall: This game really is a good one and the developer could really use the support... Money well spent in my opinion. Get it!"
,Recommended,285110,20407127,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CUR$E,"I played GearCity about 77 hours the first 6 days after purchase and still ongoing. Why?Because I love the possibility to micromanage many aspects, like the design of a new engine or complete vehicle or the monthly adjustments to get my production on pair with demand, but also the possibility to put some things on automatic, like the staff wage system, or use the big fast settings, like global pricing for some of my cars.The game has many aspects one can but must not use, like the parts contract system. You can try and sell some licences of the engines, gearboxes, chassis or even complete vehicles you developed - or you can try and get a licence from another company for your own actions.But you must not. It's optional and I actually don't use it because I don't like the idea somebody else using my great parts.Same goes for the stock market. You can gamble and try and make a Dollar or two - or you can sell your own stocks for quick money or even try and take a competitor over, getting all their parts, vehicles, designs and of course factories.At the end it's obvious this is not a graphics blockbuster. The graphics are there to show you what's going on - and they fulfill this very well. The office changes as time developes with nice artwork and everything else is fine for what it should represent. I like this minimalistic and easy style in other games like Hearts of Iron, too.What basically made me write this review at the end of the day is not the game itself. It's the developer. He answers in his forums as well as here in detail and often on the same day, he invests time into his answers and even looks at uploaded savegames if there's a question or suggestion or bug report.I paid 11.99€ during a sale and I believe this is a very good price. If you're into this sort of games and if you like the game, even the normal full price is a steal for the amount of time you can sink into this game and the feeling you supported somebody who, at least that's my impression yet, deserves it."
76561198043519846,Recommended,285110,18985270,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,CrossLegLuke,"I founded a company that specialized in pickup trucks in 1900. In 1903 I had a truck with more power than mordern semi truck. Made so much money that I built a Muscle truck in 1910 because ""Why not?"" in 1914 we built our first car; a race car that cost us 28 million to develop. It was a carriage with a Badass engine and transmission on it. In 1914 My company built a race car that went 198 MPH. all other competion was maxing out at 45MPH..... We won.... A LOT.... infact we raced that same car until someone finally beat it 70+ years later. Despite this, We still were best known for our trucks...I'm from the Southern United States. I based my Company in the Southern United States. Built a damn horse carriage that ruled the Racing world for nearly a century. An engineering MARVEL... And still only trusted by the world wide public to build a decent pickup truck and nothing else. There's only one explaination....Game's so detailed it even takes cultural stereotypes of the player into consideration 11/10Now excuse me while I go write a country song about my pickup truck. (Now only $65/mo (With approved credit, subject to licensing terms and agreements, see dealer for details))"
76561198132476688,Recommended,285110,10308098,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Alf,"I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time, and it is a bargain if you consider how complex the simulation is. If you ever played Detroit or Motor City then you owe it to yourself to buy this game. There is a lot to like, but one of my favourite things is that you have so much freedom in terms of how you design the major components (chassis, engine, and gearbox). It's up to you whether you want to build a big V8 muscle car, or a compact 4 cylinder with a high revving engine. I'll have to update this review at some point, because I've only been playing for a few hours, but suffice to say that the game gives you loads of choice in terms of the types of components and vehicles you can design, build, market, and sell.It is still early access, and there are some issues to be sorted out, but nothing serious. My biggest concern is that the interface could be more streamlined and user-friendly. That said, having played games like Motor City and Detroit I had no trouble getting into this game, and I found the process of designing and making a profit off my first car relatively easy, whilst being satisfyingly challenging.I can't wait to see how this game develops!"
76561198023598497,Recommended,285110,10370013,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MourningStar,"Okay, after reading through the comments and reviews I decided why not and bought the game. Under 12 bucks, not that bad.Open the game up and the first thing that hits you is a promt to avoid headache and watch the tutorial on STEAM. Easy enough, but I ignored that. ( ""I'm and avid Sim game player, I'll figure THIS out"" ). Don't. Watch through the tutorials, each one is about 45 seconds long and they explain the little bits of the game. It's over faster than you think!ONTO GAMEPLAY!If you love being able to micro manage a fledgling car company, than this game is for you! It is still in early access but the global economy or even regional economy seems just fine. No real big glitches. There isn't a lot of actual ""car building"" happening but again, early access. You design a car with almost ""Spore-like"" graphics and the rest is a series of sliders and click options.  The game is much more economy based than it is ""Build the coolest looking car with sick graphics"" based. So again, if you love tinkering with the in's and out's of a company inlcuding Stock options, IPO's, Factory production levels, Sales prices, shipping distances and lobor costs (Just to name a few things) than this game it totally worth it!  Also, most of the crashes people were talking about have been fixed.... or are currently being worked on. I have played the game for almost 9 hours and it has crashed only once.I give it a 7/10... with room for HUGE potential. Spend the money while the game is cheap... you won't regret it."
,Recommended,285110,12479278,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MoonshadowRogue,"To say it's splendid is just a start. GearCity has brought back the joy of the classic car company tycoons (in particularly, the excellent Motor City which clearly inspired the creators of this game).I can't stop playing the game. It brings in all the concepts of car design - gearboxes, engines and chassis designs, coupled with the actual body design - and allows for that in depth nitpicking of details that were sorely missing in those old car company tycoon games. Those who played Motor City will remember how annoying it was to try and figure out what cylinders and how much HP they're looking for at any given time - well, no more. You can create the engine from scratch, define your desired HP, torque, displacement - everything! Then, make sure you get a tranny to match.. don't want a pickup tranny on a sports car engine...The options are plentiful, the different designs are excellent...The economic simulation is pretty good. There's hitches and glitchs and sometimes things happen that you're not really sure why (like having a high-quality Sedan selling for an inexpensive price in a high-demand area and getting below mediocre sales) but by and large it works wellThe interface acts a little sticky sometimes and that's the only real complaint I have. Other than that, it's the best economic simulation game I've seen in many many years. It has none of the dumbed-down gameplay or cartoonish animation that most econ-sims nowadays seem to have.... I love it."
,Recommended,285110,14559686,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Qmark,"The amount of detail that is going to be in this game when it is done will be breathtaking.  You can pick anywhere in the world to start your car company.  This makes for awesome replayability,  the imagination goes wild with what type of car company you want to be.My brother even went as far as to only have a licensing company and is having a lot of fun.I will admit, there will be a few game breaking bugs.  But there is only one guy making this and it is constantly being updated."
76561198003148672,Recommended,285110,23604250,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Trig_the_Poor_Shot,"I rarely buy Early Access. Even more rarely I buy games that are not on sale.I bought this one anyway.And I'm not even into cars. I never watched Top Gear. Nor had fantasies about owning a supercar.So why am I recommending this game?Because it:- gives you the freedom to run a car company the way you like- enables you to experiment with car designs, parts, financial plans- teaches you about automotive industry's history and the milestones in it- isn't terribly simplified or dumbed down, like so many other games- makes even a guy like me feel he knows something about cars after a few hours of playIs there anything bad about it?- it crashes sometimes, which can be frustrating if you've just lost a car youv'e been designing for an hour- the car designing tool can be a bit clunky at times- doesn't always adequatly explain cause and effect, how something you did influenced the outcome... but it's still in development, so I expect most issues will be addressed eventually.If you like cars, get it.If you don't care about cars, get it anyway.If you absolutely hate cars, you're not reading this review anyway."
,Recommended,285110,17162732,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Alcatar,"Bestbusiness sim I've ever played - and I've tried as many as I've found!In my eyes, it's essentially a finished game - yet there's a lot more to look forward to.Many games don't do the immersion well, e.g. either you don't have enough control, or you have a backdrop to your company that's entirely lacklustre, or there's literally no graphical representation of your transforming company, etc.This game has over 100+ years (12 turns per year) of gameplay, with a map dotted with 274 cities, all of which you can open factories or branches in, with upto hundreds of competing AI companies, with optional historical events (e.g. world-/wars, great-/depression), with a tech/research system in place, factory/branch budgeting systems in place, sliders can be found most everywhere - giving abundant options in all things, including: engine, chassis, gearbox and finished vehicle designs; along with production, marketing and research budgets - while NEVER being redundant, tiresome or heavy.I can't fault this game, it's still in development, but I can't fault the current version.This may be the first business sim I can really love. Please buy it and support the sole developer as well as your weary hope for a good business sim.Please take a look at the game online, see the detail and ease of use in the UI that's also yet to be overhauled.if you cba searching the web, feel free to check out some of my screenshots, though I don't tend to take many."
,Recommended,285110,11083345,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,"UPDATE July 2015Looks like this developer is in for the long haul. A year later, he is still delivering consistent updates with new features and fixes suggested by the community.A reminder: this game is not easy. But that is exactly why you should be playing it. It is turning out to be one hell of a robust business simulator.____This is a must-have for someone who likes cars and business sims.   Expect a high learning curve, but it's interesting once you learn it.  The interface needs a lot of work, but the simulation aspects of the game are pretty robust.  This game does not hold your hand.  It is not one of those easy Tycoon games.The developer is active in the forums and claims that this game will be worked on for at least another 6 months.  I would like to see what they come up with in that time."
,Recommended,285110,15538058,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:This is one of the more interesting, like a dictionary, and simulations of the Steam service. Although the game is on the other, challenging, and optionally includes a few bugs and problems, the game is a huge addictive to play, if you keep the cars. The game must wear easily hundreds of hours of when the game works. Really versatile and detailed game.Referral! :3FIN:Tässä on yksi erillaisemmista ja mielenkiintoisemmista simulaatioista Steam palvelussa. Vaikka peli on toisaalta haastava ja sisältää mahdollisesti muutamia bugeja sekä ongelmia, peli on huikean koukuttava pelata, jos pitää autoista. Peliin saa kulumaan helposti satoja tunteja silloin kun peli toimii. Todella monipuolinen sekä yksityiskohtainen peli.Suositteluni! :3"
,Recommended,285110,11063782,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,The Gaming Womble,"Rating: 1997cc/2.0lSo many reviews of this game refer to Detroit, MotorCity and a couple of other old games but let me try and give you an idea in another way.....Detroit:Total War.....it has the grand map, individual units (factories, branches etc), troops(employees) and it has that huge feel about it whilst being nothing like it(you can't kill anyone.....yet)!Car Maker Tycoon....it's a massive tycoon game, as easy or as hard as you want it. Want it really easy? Start in NY or London on Easy Mode. Want it UBER ULTRA IMPOSSIBLY HARD??? OK...but you were warned....start in SE Asia(anywhere'll do it) on HARD mode in 1900...and PRAY!!!!With a 100% steam committed(just see the HUUUUUUGE number of forum posts and almost(90%) daily updates ) indie developer, a desire to 'get it right' and a pretty decent community too................What are you reading this for, buddy??..........WHY am I wasting time writing this when I COULD be developing a new Roadster 2+2 chassis to dominate the Japanese market??? STUPID ME....Buy it now or I shall sell only SMART CARS....and there's NOTHING smart about that........"
76561198102794034,Recommended,285110,22014235,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,WhyBorne,"Really happy with this purchase. You've got to look past the clunky, old school UI...and the ""what the heck am I supposed to be doing"" confusion at the beginning... and you find a fun, deep game.You construct your cars by designing chassis, engines, and gearboxes...as simple as selecting icons and adjusting sliders. For each part you get to pick from various layouts and determine what areas your engineers will focus their efforts. Your choices are just a click or drag, but are critical to success. You are balancing customer desire with the cost to make your product. You've got to determine where to build factories, where to put up your branch offices to push sales, how much to spend on marketing, and how to divide up your distribution. You've got to price your vehicle right for the target demographic, city, body style demand, and current competitors' products.You'll catch yourself saying ""just one more turn"" so you can modify your I4 engine, run a new model year on your popular sedan, or break into a new market. It's a good balance of complexity, simplicity, and automation that makes the core play loop fun. A definite recommend for sim and management fans."
,Recommended,285110,13185632,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,CorusMaximus,"Heartily recommend, with these caveats:It is currently Beta. So know you are getting an early access product. It is changing rapidly and your saves probably will not survive.  The UI needs some work, and is not as user friendly as it should be.  It is also a pretty niche game. If you liked Enlight Software's Capitalism series, you should like this. Don’t like spreadsheets or graphs in games?  May not be a game for you.Why would I recommend it?  The developer is the most responsive I have ever seen to input. Not sure how he gets anything done, because he is on the steam forums reading and responding to every post,  he is just great.No other game since the 1994 Detroit has this level of depth in simulating the auto industry. At the same time, it allows players to do ahistorical things, like start an auto company in Shanghai, China in 1900. This ahistorical stuff in sims is where a lot of the fun comes from for me.This game gets regular updates and is getting better all the time, as it should be with an early access."
,Recommended,285110,13874611,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,FluxCrave,"This Game is AMAZING! First of all, the economics and bussiness management side of it are amazing! It really is in depth! It goes mostly off historical trends and data. For example, when WW2 comes around, All auto production stops. This actually happened in real life and makes the game so much more realisitic. They also have it to where if you don't want the wars then you can just turn them off! This brings me to the dev of the game. He is great, and releases updates about every month or more! He truly knows what he is doing! Overall, this game is great if you like economics or bussiness managment. But also if you just love cars or like to build or play with them! I 100% recommend this!"
,Recommended,285110,14406508,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,wyodak:emdefmek,"Opened up a factory in NigeriaDesigned and built a 7 ton sedan with a 750 horsepower V12Unit Cost was $470,000Local Yearly Incone was less than $1000Was bankrupt in less than 3 yearsLearned more about Capitalism from Gear City than I ever did from Adam Smith."
76561198057977408,Recommended,285110,15039847,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Örvar,"Well, 47 hours i have spent playing this game so far and i really like it. It is still early access so it has some crashing issues still but i have faith in the dev.I allways start in the year 1900 on medium difficulty and 100 random other companys, getting through the first ca 5 years is the hardest, you dont make any money and everything is moveing slowly. It can take many tries to survive the first years, i have gone bankrupt countless times but, when you make it, oh boy things move fast and the money pours in.This is my first review on steam, i just had too write about this game as it is very challenging and very rewarding when you finally make it."
,Recommended,285110,13679702,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vrolok,"Such a fun game.  I jumped in very early, and every few weeks another update drops.  This dev works very hard to put out a quality game, and he is always around the forums answering questions and posting updated news.Now stop reading the reviews, BUY THIS GAME. :)"
76561198018234106,Recommended,285110,28511055,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,vefme,"Hands down the best, most responsive, thoughtful developer I've ever seen working on an early access. I'm really rooting for this game."
76561198170138257,Recommended,285110,23720309,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Claude l'Idiot,"This game focuses more on marketing features than on vehicle customization. Don't let that steer you away, because this game is quite immersive. You can choose when to start your company: the 1900s, 1930s, 1950s, or 1980s. Based on the decade you choose your office setup, market/advertising, and the cars you build will relate to that time. As the years pass on new technologies are discovered. As you expand, you will have more dealerships and factories in different parts of the world. With each vehicle developed, you choose what aspects to focus on. These include your target demographic, performance, luxury, cargo space, etc. You can even view individual stats and create different types for the gearboxes, engines, and chassis that you build. In my opinion, this is the best tycoon game on Steam."
,Recommended,285110,26232829,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Summary: This is the most complex, and most immersive car company simulation on the market. I used the word 'simulation' instead of 'game' because that's what it really is. It offers extreme number of possibilities - you can build practically any kind of car, with every possible types of body (anything from compact car and coupe to town car and limousine), engines (including steam and electric, not to mention gasoline, diesel, etc.), gearboxes and chassis. There are a lot of compnents to mix and match and you have to decide not only how large or how complex the components are, but also what you want to focus on - dependability, power, performance, quality, market demographics, reliablity, cargo... there are a lot of possibilities, and they always make your car more expensive, so you must really choose your target's wealth and per capita income in the city you're going to establish your office in!Also - even though it is still in Early Access now, expect an almost finished product, and it feels like a finished game really, apart from some minor things.The game in detail:PROS:1. Incredible complexity allows you to build anything you want, even ship and plane engines for sale.2. Contracts system that allows you to sign larger contracts, for example with armies or taxi companies.3. Amazing realism of business management and money-making. Also, realistic bonds, credits, taxes and IPO's.4. You can customize your difficulty level - from Easy (which will be even easier as you can choose the amount of money you'll have on hand), Medium (which can be pretty hard with benefits system on and all competitors, and Hard (which should rather be called Hardcore - it is a real challenge). Each of those can be customized to a large degree.5. Great reports system - you can gain most of the important information quite quickly, although you still need to read through quite a lot if you want to do it properly.6. Historical events will change the world around you - especially depressions and wars. and you have to act accordingly.7. In the game you really need to re-evaluate strategy quite oftenly and really care about your cars after they're released - it's never build a car and never care for it again, and then simply replace. You have to adjust prices, taking into account competition in each area, transportation costs, per capita income in that place and car demand. Over time, you might have to lower the price to stay competitive, before having to design a new car, with more modern technology and more modern design.8. Lobbying, stocks, marquees, many different marketing devices that change through time - this game is extremely rich and immersive when it comes to running a company.9. There's a very nice car magazine that tells you how well you've designed your new car and much about your competitors' ones.PRO OR CONThis one really depends on what you want. The game is quite detailed in the design mode, with many options available, and you get to design chassis, engine, gearbox, and full vehicles, with countless sliders and possibilities. It might not, however, be as complex as games strictly about designing cars. On the other hand, those games will quite probably never reach GearCity level of business realism and complexity, so that's really your choice.CONS1. Personally I'd like to see a bit more automation features, as having to micro-manage prices in so many towns to account for transportation costs can be quite tedious. A nice system would be to set prices for Europe in one city, and then set others to get higher or lower, depending on the transportation costs.2. Cities change their ownership through time, but there are many errors - for example Vilna (Vilnius) becomes Soviet in 1939 when it should have been Lithuanian until 1940, Latvia and Estonia are independent until 1945, Prague was never occupied by the Germans in my game and had decent economy through and through, Vienna was German but had a good economy even in 1944 or 1945. There is a lot of room for improvement here.3. AI companies - their logos and car names are awful. There are German companies called 'Dummkopf' or 'Hangman', and European car models in 1920s named 'Pakistan', 'Yanshuf', 'Yithiyan' or 'Invidia'. Also - I don't like reading about computer games in a newspaper from 1900. I know that these are supposed to be jokes, but I don't like them at all.Overall I can really recommend this game, it is probably the BEST BUSINESS GAME available. Immersive, detailed, and really fun - that's a PERFECT COMBINATION."
,Recommended,285110,15292183,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,celticsungod,"I'm not a big car person....in fact, the only things I can diagnose wrong with a car are flat tires and I can look under the hood to see if anything has blown up.  My girlfriend and I have a Honda Insight and an old Saturn SC2.That being said, I really love this game.  It's something you can jump into right away because everyone has at least a passing familiarity with all the components in the game (building something, cars, marketing, etc).  The layout of the game is flexible--simple for those who know nothing and advanced for those who should probably get off the computer and open their own car shop.  As I've gotten more familiar with the game, I find myself really enjoying some of the advanced features of the game.  The best part, of course, is when you're done playing, you don't have any oil on your hands.  :)I'd recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a simulation game, a bit of a learning curve, and someone who has enough time to get addicted to another game.  Everytime this game is updated, it gets more interesting, more involved, and most importantly, better.  There's a lot of thought put into this game."
,Recommended,285110,12451530,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DrClumber,"If you like complicated in-depth management sims than there is a lot, a hell of a lot, to like here. However, it is noticeably a small studio-game, there are things you will have to endure to get through to the good bits. The interface is lacking in feedback, you will often wonder what is going on - especially early on. The interface is also a bit too gimmicky for its own good. Although the idea of being in your office and clicking on things there to do stuff is nice, it is also completely inefficient.If you are prepared to fight through that and you like management games - get this."
76561198200358441,Recommended,285110,34259913,Posted: 15 August,all,Ranmit Inmah Ashol,"After a half year of pirating this game I've finally decided it was time to buy this game. I do not regret it. It's certainly one of the best management games on Steam and also one of the most underrated. I think it's underrated because the mainstream audience has read a lot of negative reviews on this game and there are very few youtubers that cover this game. The good parts are: the most active dev I have ever seen, a game with an amazing replay value. You don't have to make cars, you can make parts and the game is very realistic and unforgiving.overall a 8.5/10 for me"
76561198055503410,Recommended,285110,14473138,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Seized Silver,"Amazing.  You know how you always think of an imaginary game that's tailored to your deepest gaming desires?  this is that game.  Thanks Dev for making the game of my dreams.  I'm really excited to see where this game goes, even in its present stage it's awesome.  The learning curve is steep, it took me a while to figure out how to actually play, and I don't think im up to par quite yet.  That is only a testament to the depth of this game.  You can get lost in the fun, Alice in Wonderland lost."
76561198021954420,Recommended,285110,12942499,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Molinari,"Absolutely killer game.It's not for everyone, but it's also got a broader base than you might think. Pre-requesite knowledge of automotives is absolutely not neccesary, the game will teach you everything you need to know to play effectively.The activity of the one man dev team is absolutely unprecidented in early access games. There's a clear road map of which tickets are going to be addressed in what order. If you submit a legit idea or bug he will implement/fix it.The game isn't yet perfect, but the potential is uncanny and it's got a ton of replayability even in it's current unbalanced state. I feel like some aspect of balancing gets addressed with every update, and the game just continues to get more stable, and more user friendly, with additional content being added at every release.There's isn't  a better way to spend your money on steam."
76561198014396699,Recommended,285110,16780677,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hoodinski,A tremendously exciting game! I was a bit skeptical at first seeing all those stats and a bit crummy GUI but as soon as I sank in all the doubts were gone. I felt totally immersed in the fascinating world of car manufacturing. The game is still in an alpha stage but the devs are a bunch of eager and optimistic folks and updates are quite regular. I also like that they listen to the gamers and try to implement the things vocal community ask for. Thumbs up and I'll keep comming back to it because the replay value is just out of this world.
76561198023859189,Recommended,285110,22681003,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"I see potential. A nice little turn based tycoon management game. It uses static GUIs, spread sheets and so forth with no fancy graphics or animations (yet?) Being early release I can forgive some of the jarring lack of images and some of the simple models.The things I liked:It has depth. The number of parts permutations, the stats, the tweaks, the tech tree all entice the engineer/perfectionist part of my brain.More than 1 way to skin a cat.A couple pet peevs (that they are surely working on):The car body customization is a little cumbersome.GUI is getting there, but the learning curve is a bit steep.The things I would like to see!Motorcycles! *biggest wish*A more robust racing management screen."
76561198046680406,Recommended,285110,14432344,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,skkni28,"Gearcity is still an unpolished game.  Yet it could be an unpolished gem just waiting to be cut to size.  Right now still full of bugs and a bit clunky at times it still has the most potential of any economic/managerial game on steam at the moment.  The only other games of its ilk all focus on game development.  Right now it is still a weed growing in a desert but eventually it could be something special.  Only time will tell.If uncertain I'd suggest waiting until 1.22 because a lot of promised items should be completed by then.  Things like easier to use R&D.  R&D is this games biggest strenght while simultaneously being its biggest weakness.  You can spend hours building the ""perfect"" car only to realize that you can never recoup your costs because you've built something that simply can't sell at a price point necessary for profits.This is a game that I will continue to return to after every update as I believe in the developer."
,Recommended,285110,34548597,Posted: 28 August,all,Zephire,This game is not for everyone. It serves niche market for players like me. It's true this game needs more polishing but dev really gives a hard work on this game in terms of depth. The learning curve is hard but it pays off from trial and errors. I hope this game continues to improve over time.
76561198051262628,Recommended,285110,30656169,Posted: 21 March,all,Kormath,"This is a great game! As a big fan of other sims like Transport Tycoon, the Civ series, SimCity, Cities Skylines, Kerbal Space Program, etc, this game has far more depth than anything like those. It does require paying more attention to the details and the learning curve is steep. But if you can make it through, you will see what a gem this game really is.The UI needs work, it really does. Designing a car body can be a little tedious; a similar game, Automation, has a nice UI to design a car body and corresponding engine. Although IMO that is the only real benefit in that game (If I could have it my way I'd sandwich both games together to make something awesome). Gear City truly leaps forward however once you realize just how specific you can get with engineering a vehicle. And the business model is very well polished as well.One detail which I really like is the in-game magazine, it has reviews on the current vehicles in the market so you can read about competitors as well as your own models.Of course this game is still Early Access, but the development is continuing at a steady pace."
,Recommended,285110,17040552,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kantall,"At the time of writing I've played over 100 hours of Gearcity and I'm still discovering more every time I play. Whether you're a gearhead or just like games based around business, this game is going to provide you with endless enjoyment.When starting you're offered four different dates from which to begin, each one representing significant eras of motoring. When choosing my favourite start date, 1900, you're able to progress right through from the birth of automobiles right through to the modern age, evolving and adapting to suit a rapidly changing consumer base.You start as a very bare bones company with a very small factory capable of pumping out around two to three hundred cars per month in a single city and your task is - well - whatever you want it to be really. The lack of a set goal allows you to carve your own path, you could attempt to mimic the practices of Henry Ford and provide affordable cars to the masses, or you could make far more high-end specialised cars targetted at a smaller market but at a higher price.It's very clear that the developer has put a lot of effort and love into this game and continues to do so. The game world is very detailed, even going so far as to demonstrate a realistic evolution of demographics as time progresses. The details are what sets this game aside from all the others.Designing the automobiles themselves is an incredibly satisfying process. There are two modes available, the first mode ""Assisted"" holds your hand through the process and helps target components or vehicles suited for a specific body type, whilst still giving you enough creative freedom that the creation feels like your own. The second mode ""Advanced"" gives you absolute freedom to do whatever you want, allowing you to create miracles or fail spectacularly. The level of customisation available is not only enjoyable but results in a grand sense of achievement when you do manage to develop a creation that sells particularly well.If I haven't already made it clear, I'd recommend that everyone at least try this game. It's an absolute bargain considering how much work has gone into it and has proven to be one of the most enjoyable titles in my library. You won't regret it."
76561198013759270,Recommended,285110,20774058,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rabble,"Started in Montreal and built a car named ''The Grand Canuck'' and it became a sudden best seller.I'm moving down south to conquer the US market with my affordable pick up trucks and quality sedan.Here some pro and con so far.PRO:- Best economy game i ever saw, you can even participate in the stock market and buy rival companies.- Lot of dept and love been put into this game.-You really need to think to succeed.-Game is cheap- any game that let me build a Canadian company that can take over America by storm is good in my book.I'm coming for you America!CON:-ugly car models. (but i didn't buy this for the graphic)- lack of sound beside music (this is still early access)At least give it a try."
76561198026138014,Recommended,285110,10417534,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,xx1xac3x1xx,"About four months ago I woke up in a cold sweat with one thought overiding the rest of my conscious mind: 'wouldn't it be great if somebody made a decent car company tycoon game?' As a player of both those sandboxy type games where you build thingsandtycoon games, the concept seemed irresistably attractive. About a week ago I saw this game pop up on steam and bought it.So does GearCity live up to my dream-spawned ideal? In a lot of ways, yes it does.I'll get the problems out of the way before continuing, noting here that the game is currently in early access and hoping these problems will be resolved by further development. The U.I, although very thematic, is often clunky. Menus cover menus, reports must be shuffled through in order to gather the info you're after, etc etc. As far as I'm aware there is no 'favorites' or like system to make this less of an issue. The way menus and sliders behave is often also a bit tedious; closing if you move your mouse off the end on some, for example.The vehicle customization at the moment is also a bit on the bare bones side. While you do have an excellent variety of techical features and resultant stats to play around with (probably all you can really want when it comes to how your car will work short of putting the thing together yourself like a construction toy) the actual process of modelling your vehicle is just that- modelling. Like getting a one-colour clay model, shaping it a little, and sticking little parts into it. A few minor improvements (such as the ability to paint on textures from a swatch) would really help out here. Another improvement would be the creation of an easy to use (ideally accessible from the vehicle creation screen) model exchange allowing you to download models when you can't be bothered to customize your own one but still want to sell a pretty car.There are also bugs and occassional crashes, however this being an early-access build these are to be expected. In any case, most of the bugs are minor annoyances while you hardly lose any progress in the rare crashes provided you keep the default autosave frequency. Another minor annoyance is the high typo frequency and occassionally muddled grammar, but I'm sure this will be fixed easily enough.Now on to the good bits.One of the most important things in a good tycoon game is market modelling- do the customers act realistically in it? What about your compeditors? Gearcity handles at least the customer side better than any other singleplayer game I've ever played, and does a fine job on compeditor AI too. Customers don't just pick the lowest priced car in a category- they respond to quality (with extra weight given to the most important attributes for the type of car), marketing and company reputations aswell. The only deficiency I'll pick out here is that the game enforces perfect competition pretty strictly- you can't, say, call up one of your compeditors and try to fix prices with them, but its a minor gripe given that most price fixing doesn't involve phone calls and this sort is perfectly possible within the game.Indeed the economics in this game is first-class through and through, with over a century of global changes in inflation and purchasing power modeled accurately. So accurately, in fact, that the big changes in the automotive industry such as outsourcing don't just happen deus ex machina but occur naturally in much the same manner they did historically- and you find yourself participating without even relising it! I'm not sure if the tax modelling is quite as good as it could have been; taxes don't seem to vary with the same historical fidelity as other variables (Was the trading income tax rate in Ireland in 1900 really 12.5%? I thought that started in 2003...) and I've found no evidence of tariff boundaries so far. However given the mountain of research already embedded in this game's economy, this is not a major issue.That there exists an 'issue' of the Irish tax rate circa 1900 is in fact symptomatic of a greater advantage of this game- it isdeepin a very real way. Not deep as an epic character drama like so many adventure games try to be- deep the way a movie is deep- butdeepin the way agameshould be. It doesn't force you down any pathways but instead gives you a world to play in within the boundaries of being a 'car tycoon' game. Its a bit daunting but also tremendously liberating, and that is the most fun thing about this game. At its heart its a tycoon sandbox where every automotive and consumer of the last century is your plaything.This level ofdepth, however, could easily be a curse. It's all well and good building a top notch simulation, but that counts for nothing when its hard to interact with. When you have few levers to meddle in things, no way to know what's actually going on- etc etc. GearCity however deftly dispells this curse by giving you a really impressive variety of ways to look at the game world you inhabit. Digital functionaries produce reports covering every facet of your company and market, you can find out every exacting detail of the automotive retail industry using the world map. The U.I. can be hard to navigate, as I've mentioned, but the game becomes immesurably better once you've got your head around it.One final point, for an early access game there is plenty of content on offer and it is of a very high quality. For me, at least, this game was worth the asking price as is.So do I recomend GearCity? Yes, yes I do.Last night I woke up wanting a decent pirate sandbox...EDIT: One final thing I'll add, having had the game for a while now. The developers are very good about producing regular content updates, which is less than I can say about a lot of early access titles. Furthermore their level and style of community engagement is exemplary. Not only is the lead developer probably the most active poster on the games' forum, listening to every query and piece of advice, but the direction of development has been influenced significantly (and in very positive ways) by community feedback. This game is a perfect example of what early access can achieve when its working well, and I've never seen the approach done anywhere near as well by anybody else. The game also has a real 'labour-of-love' feel; the devs are clearly very enthusiastic about their subject matter; you get the sense they want to play the finished game as much as the rest of us do.If you trust only one development team this year by throwing your money after an early access promise, trust these guys. If trust can be earnt by the behaviour of a development team on a first project like this, they've jolly-well earnt it.Buy this game all ye budding tycoons!"
76561198300052449,Recommended,285110,23058091,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,cata92sv,"This game is awesome. The ideea behind the game it's fantastic and the developer did a really impressive job. OK, it's not like need for speed, just pressing some buttons and having a great car, but after you get the hang of it ( it took me about 2 days ) you will discover how powerfull the game is. I reallly hope that Eric will add more content to the game soon. The economics of the game are brilliant.I've started 2 times in 1900 just to get familiar with the game, after that in 1930 but i bankrupt because of WW2 ( which is also a really great ideea) and one more time in 1930 and right now, i`m in 1963 with about 10 different cars available ( about 30 in total ) and lots of cash in my bank.I can't get the game out of my mind.Big thanks for the game!"
76561198001196068,Recommended,285110,10434908,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Chang1865,"12 June 2014---------------I think the word ""Simulation"" goes really well with this game. Forget the silly simulators that have been coming into the market these days, Gearcity is the very essence of a business simulator. This game has demand-supply, stocks trading, population demographics, and a lot more.The graphics reminds me of the 1990s games but who needs graphics when you can study graphs and statistics and design cars all day!The UI is a bit confusing at first but you'll learn eventually.I think the game as of now is quite easy when you get the feel of how things work (after you go bankrupt about 5-6 times).My first successful company was making compact cars in France, then the WWI came and blew up my factory and getting a new factory costs a fortune. I went bankrupt. Yeah."
,Recommended,285110,25400678,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hotpie22,"GearCity is one of the best Tycoon/Management games I have ever played and believe me I have played a lot of them. GearCity is a challenging but fun game which really puts you as a player to the test, I started out in 1900 and I struggled to sell any cars at first, I had flop after flop and then after studying the Market demand and which of my competitors weren't meeting this demand I was able to become the largest Car Company in the game by 1940. The player has many challenges to deal with, economic booms and recessions as well as factories being bombed or closed during real historical wars. I found the war time challenges to be exciting and it kept me on my toes. If however you don't want the extra challenge you can always disable this feature. One of the best aspects of the game is being able to build your own cars, market and manufacture them, this is fun for anyone who likes to control every aspect of the game play. The only downside I found to the vehicle design feature is the placement of the bumpers can sometimes be a little laggy or unresponsive but this game is in early access and this is the only fault I can find. Jeremy Clarkson also reviews your cars, who doesn't want Jezza testing their cars?Overall this is a great game, I'm looking forward to seeing how it develops in the futures and I would recommend this game to just about every petrol head. 10/10!"
76561197960273224,Recommended,285110,32998129,Posted: 29 June,all,Wits,"A very nice simulation of capitalist production, not to mention the even nicer car parts. This is a worthy successor to Detroit, and outshines it in every respect."
,Recommended,285110,35015445,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,In the early 1990s there was a game called Detroit. This is that game. 6/10
,Recommended,285110,15199448,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,lem0n,"I've been playing Gear City for a fairly long time, with 25+ hours logged before it was even on Steam. During this time the game has added a lot of content, stability and polish. The UI and graphical aspects of the game are not the strongest, however the simulation and ""tycoon"" aspects are very fun. The difficulty level is just right and the AI can pose legitimate challenges in your companies future.  Whilst you can play this game pretty much anyway you want, realistic options give you realistic results. For example, producing luxary sedans in Kenya in 1900 is probably not a sustainable business model. At any rate, I've enjoyed my time with GearCity and will continue to do so as the game is perfected even more."
,Recommended,285110,15550491,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"Hugely in-depth turn-based strategy game about managing a car company as well as having a very detailed car design lab.""I recommend it."" -Busche, CEO of Hochssagen."
,Recommended,285110,15226791,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,camperking,build an electric supercar in 1990 and had 65% marketshare worldwide11/10
,Recommended,285110,12789280,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Arppi,Well i think this game is really unfinished but it's fun if you are a petrol head you might like this but if you want a game in this genre i suggest automationBut this game is good so i recommend this even tho it's a bit overpriced*EDIT*Now i Started playing this game again and this game has made huge progess and i mean itand even tho there are some bugs but it's very interesting tycoon game.There is currently no car tycoon game as good as this one :)
,Recommended,285110,10924747,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Don Vincenzoo 57,hey !! this game is really deep !No need to be fan of car to play it !!you just need to love business simulation !!it's awesome ! design a car ! sell it ! expand to the word !start from 1900 or more recently.design Gearbox (slider to adjust(a lot of them!)) to go with your own design engine ! chassis etc ...target customers : poor ! rich !! middle !! upper !! age !You are the boss !Manage your book !! tons of report if you want to go deep inside economic things !simple report of sales and expense if you fear to go deep :)it's really fun! it's not so easy and start an empire require you to be a real good boss ! be the CEO !!Around 300 AI compagny will try the same as you at start !!! hoo MAAMMAA !!!check what they sell !! copy them and do it better !!you can sell part to other compagny like gearbox ! make easy money if you design a good one!buy part from tons of compagny if you don't want to design one to upgrade a vehicule  !! check well !! some are greedy bas..tard!WHAT !!?? you aready sell well this model and have some money ? why don't invest a part in the stock market !! yes there is a stock market !!AWESOME is the word !! when you first look at the game you don't think it could be so great but it is !!An the top is that the dev follow well the game and never stop to developp it !! AMAZING and a Must have for all the business sim fan !!Far away better and deeper than all TYCOON games i ever try !!
,Recommended,285110,14410793,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,daw000x1,"If you like tycoon/management games with a lot of detail, then this game is for you.  It is much like car tycoon meets airline tycoon.  The game is still in alpha stage of development (I would definately say its not yet in the beta stage.)  So expect bugs, missing features, and some ""rough"" spots with the UI.  This is still a lot of work to be done by the developer.All and all, great game so far!   I am so happy to support this developer and not EA!"
76561198027501174,Recommended,285110,20796548,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CorpseGroinder,"10/10Does ""Motor City""(DE:""Oldtimer"") or ""Detroit""(DE:""Rüsselsheim"") both from 1994, ring any bell?GearCity is already doing a great job to not make me miss those old-school games anymore.1994...it´s been 20 years already? GearCity will make you spend the next 20 years of your life fine tuning your next great V8 (or V10?V12? Yes even a V16 - or why not a W9 or W18? Perhaps you like to try the U4? And you Sir are looking like a H6 person! Rotary,steam piston, even a electro motor!) to the hundreth of a millimeter in terms of bore and stroke, different valve desings including but not limiting to: two-stroke, OHC, SOHC, DOHC, Adding stuff like superchargers or turbos [eco or boost setup] to get even more power for your buck.Truely every mechanics wet dream! I am not joking, this game is like a treasure chest for engine fanatics with a gazillion options to discover.But make sure it can be fitted into a proper chassis (what kind of frame? what kind of drive i.e FWD, RWD, AWD, FMWD(Front-Mid)? Different suspension for the front and rear axle like a double wishbone suspension or the cheap leaf-spring.And don´t forget to design a gearbox that can handle the brute force (displayed in Nm AND lbs/ft!) which can be a cheap 2speed manual non-synchronized transmission without a rear drive, or a 8speed automatic with an overdrive for the environment-friendly out there.All this leading to the final step of designing a car with those parts. A Minivan should have good safety ratings and fuel economy, while a sports car only needs driving performance and raw power!I only wanted to say a couple of words and now it has been 20 minutes already.To make it short-ish;If you remember and liked the mentioned games above or if you just like tycoon games with many sliders to adjust and stuff to micro-manage, I highly recommend it!(Game demo available atwww.gearcity.info)"
76561198007846266,Recommended,285110,23675567,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,seel,"I've played Gear City, off and on, for more than a year now.  It gets better everytime I play it.  The developer is taking feedback and continually making improvements.  Well done!"
76561197982423250,Recommended,285110,17825689,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,EdgeCrusher,"This is an excellent auto industry business simulation that can trace it's roots all the way back to a similar game known as ""Detroit"", which was released back in 1994 for the Commodore Amiga, and PC.  I was very big fan of ""Detroit"", and was absolutely delighted when I found this gem on Steam.  The game gives players a canvas to engage in business strategies as well as their own creative imagination for design, all without going too deep into the tedium of mass micro-management.  The game still has a few rough edges here and there, but nothing that takes away from the full operation and  enjoyment of the game.  As well, the game is maintained by a tireless developer who is consistantly working to improve the game, adding new features and indefatigably squashing bugs when/if they rear their ugy heads."
76561198099233561,Recommended,285110,23539402,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Dreadfulvector,"-Start in 1900-Create a badass Sedan with a fuel efficient engine-The 1900 Vector Countess-English people love it, buy the hell out of my car-Spend a few months saving up cash, working on my next secret project-Market the Countess-Build another factory to keep up with demand-Almost time to unveil my next creation to the world-1902-Ladies and Gentleman, I give you the Vector Alpaca!-Le Compact Car-Nobody buys it-Reviews call it the worst car ever made.-I am out of business by the start of 1904Loving it so far. Lets see if I can get to 1905!"
,Recommended,285110,21085809,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pavouk106,"Although I'm recommending GearCity, I will not speak about the game itself at this moment. What I want to speak about is the game developer. Eric and his approach is the reason I like this game.I saw Gearcity in some kind of Steam sale. Saw that it supports Linux, checked the HW requirements (I'm playing on my 10 years old laptop with integrated Intel graphics, i915 driver) and headed to try the demo from the dev's website. That's how it all started.I ran accross a problem with texture sizes - my graphics simply didn't support them. I have reported it to Eric and I had new files to try the next day. Needless to say that they worked. This has repeated once more and now in the 1.19.1 build there is only one file left that causes trouble on such an old HW that I have. I can play the game since Eric provided me with all that I needed. The file would be probably included in 1.19.2 release.I want to thank Eric for keeping in contact with the players of his game and for thinking of the really old HW users. There is apparently no need to run the game through OpenGL 3 or even 4, because it's not about graphics. There are not many games/developers that think this way. I have many games in my library that has unnecessary HW requirements for the graphics they have. This is not one of them and that's why I recommend it.About the game itself. I have bankrupted only twice so far (well, I have played only two games). The game looks pretty complex to me and pretty hard to get into - keep in mind that I haven't any experiences with economic/simulation games. The setting of this game (car company) looks good to me. I like the designing new cars part of the game and I still have to learn how to profit.I think this game will make it high on my favorite list in the future. I suppose it would reside somewhere near OpenTTD and it will be the game I would like to return to."
76561198072762904,Recommended,285110,14970485,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,josustin,It's a fun and deep game with a lot of configurations possibilities and choices to be made. The user interface is however not so intiutive and you will have to spend a lot of time updating your factories and branches to set it up as you like. Rumors say that there will be major changes in this interface with version 1.18 which i hope. However a challenging game that keeps you stuck for many hours before you can master it.
76561198087403725,Recommended,285110,31951608,Posted: 25 May,all,Hammer,"A bit clunky and awkward at first. Learning curve is a bit steeper than one might like. However, the game is a gem after sifting through some moderate frustrations with the UI."
76561198067174941,Recommended,285110,11159631,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stigski,"GearCity is a automotive tycoon game, dripping with customisation and detailed management functionality. You choose a starting date, a name and logo for your car company, how many competitors you want, and then choose your headquaters from a swathe of global major cities. From there your job is to design and manufacture cars, from designing the chassis, motor, and gearbox to designing its body with as much detail as you want. Once you've mastered the art of designing, manufacturing, and marketing profitable models, the game gives you the freedom to take your company in whichever direction you wish; from designing cheap cars for the masses, to luxury sports and super cars, to even vans and limousines. It's your choice what you produce, how you produce it, and what image your company will have.The game really excels in its customisation and micromanagement, especially with its R&D interface. If you wanted to design a V2 motor (for no reason), paired with an equally sexy 1-speed gearbox that allows for forward and... nothing, you can do that. If you decided to beat your competition in the 1900's by showing up their 4-6HP compact cars with a 96HP compact car (or pickup truck, just to put salt in their wounds), you can do that too. Alternatively if you feel cheap, uncomfortable, no-power rust-buckets are the way to go, then this game gives you everything you need to make that happen. I personally enjoy developing new powerful motors, excellent chassis, and powerful gearboxes for my line of sports cars, then incorporating this technology into my new sedans whilst developing ever more powerful engines for my next line of sports car.For an early access game, this game is loaded with engaging gameplay to keep you occupied for hours. The game does get very challenging from 1914 - 1945, as you must face the uncertainty of maintaining a profitable company when Europe decides to blow itself up in WW1, gets depressed in the 1930's, then starts blowing itself up again from 1939. This is where the game could do with some improving in my opinion, as the game forces you to idle production, close down factories and branches, and simply wait out the entire duration of all the conflicts of the first part of the 20th century; whilst hemorrhaging money with little to do. I would love to see the implementation of government contracts (which I believe is coming), to convert your factories to producing vehicles for the war. It currently makes no sense to me that when war breaks out, all factories (in Germany at least) reduce their production to 0. Imagine if Kaiser William II said ""Right we're at war! Let's close down all the factories."" I'd find the game much more playable if I could develop cheap, useful, and reliable trucks, or maybe tanks to help the war cause. This would give you something to do, rather than wait whilst watching your company bleed to death.All in all, this game is great! It gives you the tools and creative freedom to live out your dreams as a car manufacturer, designing whatever you've always wanted to. The game is still in early access right now, so there are some bugs to be squashed, and some creases to iron out, but is still remarkably playable, and intensely enjoyable. I am very much looking forward to updates to come! Bring on the war contracts!"
,Recommended,285110,33360168,Posted: 7 July,all,Carpenter,"Still learning, but this game is a blast so far. Started a powerhouse truck company in Los Angeles in 1900, had to go way into the red just to get production up and running. 1 month away from insolvency, we win Pick Up truck of the Year. Sales go through the roof. Now to see just how far my radial engine pick ups will take me."
76561198067299918,Recommended,285110,10401209,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Cynical_Cactus,"Really easy to loose yourself in this game. It's rough around the edges, but it's really enjoyable. If you like the concept, or if you like simulation games like this, then give it a try, it's only 15 bucks."
,Recommended,285110,10790426,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Logan,"I fully recommend this game!You can build your own cars, and it's even an economic simulator.It's very interesting - and your company solely lies in your hands. You can create crap vehicles made out of cheap materials and sell it in bulk at a marked up price... Or, you can create luxury, quality vehicles which are each hand made and sold at a pretty penny.Initially, there are quite a few things to learn, but once you get it down - there is no stopping entertainment value! From seeing tiny 1900s microcars to the supercars of the next century. For the price, you get a game with a helluva lot of replay value -- and a game that actually goes a little in-depth."
76561198029704499,Recommended,285110,28079617,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tora75,"I'm not a gear head. I've had a mild interest in cars over the years but never was into buying car mags or working on cars. That said, I'm a fan of this game in the early going. There is a lot of content. Data sheets, statistics, awards, world events, customization options, and good feedback about what your doing.I haven't figured out how some of the visual design features affect sales yet, but will have to look at some youtube videos to get more info about the game. The tutorial does a pretty decent job at teaching you the basics, but admits you need to look at forums and other resources to get information about advanced features and mechanics.While customization is pretty cool, I wish there was some ""snap to"" functionality for some of the parts. I spent way too much time trying to get the wheels to align correctly. Not sure if they have to be perfect, so I invested the time to make sure it didn't affect sales.Other reviews are more fleshed out by those more experienced with these types of games. I'm a simulation fan though. And as far as the business aspect, ability to be creative and put your mark on the wonderful world of automobiles, this game is great. It's incredibly detailed but does lack a little polish.That said, the dev seems to be responsive and this is clearly a labor of love. It shows in the detail and amount of well thought out features already in the game.  Definitely worth the price in my opinion."
76561198024346339,Recommended,285110,30525528,Posted: 15 March,all,shiggies713,"If you like economic simulations this is a must have!The Good- The component/vehicle designer is very complex and yet simple at the same time, easy to pick up yet somewhat hard to master.- Very addicting gameplay, especially the component designer in advanced mode.  Time just escapes me when doing this, many hours just seem to fly by, and its fun trying to get that perfect chassis or perfect engine.- Technology and production seem well balanced as well as the supply/demand and competition around various cities/regions.- Lots of realistic options, from selling/buying stocks, to loans and credit lines, to RnD, Race teams, labor unions, liscensing, etc- Made and marketed for adults, this is not an average ""tycoon"" game.  Gameplay over graphics was the priority and it shows, the gameplay is deep and immersive.- the gun in the safe to quit and delete the previous save is genious.- government contracts are difficult to reach the threshold (at least early in the game), yet very rewarding- can play with anywhere from 0 - 300 AI competitors- AI is competitive and makes decent designs and is constantly updating- Wide range of starting options (and full blown sandbox mode)The Bad- somewhat clunky and limited interface- some tedium when making changes to sales/production/marketing or designing vehicles body designs- limited graphical representations (of factories, dealerships, no zoomed map where you can see your cars driving around, very limited logo selection)- newspaper and magazine could be more immersive (both in authentic look and in content)Overall for an economic simulation, I would give it 8/10.  Great gameplay, could have benefitted from more graphic development time.  Still a little rough around the edges, but it is EA, hopefully some of that is addressed soon."
76561198006837270,Recommended,285110,27369857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Travolt,"The menus still look a bit counterintuitive and not so pretty, but great improvement has been made here in recent builds. The game is already quite playable in the current condition without any major bugs. Also, the DEV is really good and it is amazing what he has acomplished almost single-handed. It is, in my opinion, one of the best tycoon games on STEAM."
76561198009000665,Recommended,285110,12838884,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,No Face,"I love this game!  It is the rebirth and fusion of great games like Detroit and Motor City!  The team that is wotking on this is adding more awesome everyday!  I play this game too much, you should too ^_^  This game is worth every stinking bit of money it costs, but don't just take my word for it- go and buy it!  Play it!  Love it!  These are the droids you are looking for! Don dunna dun!  Link found The Game of Time!  \0/  Buy it and you will be happy - so long as you like games, business, history, cars and AWESOME!"
,Not Recommended,285110,14387623,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,455224,"Saying 'Not Recommended' might be a little harsh, especially since its in Beta, but I chose it as i felt that, on the whole, the extreme lack of polish (enough that I'd say a good 6-8 months would be required) detracts from the otherwise enjoyable gameplay. So, what do i mean by lack of polish? Firstly is the terribly buggy tutorial system, after 4 attempts to complete it, and it breaking for one reason or another, i decided to try and give it a go on my own and see if I could learn 'on the job'. In most management games, this would be tricky as is, given various nuances to these types of games, but in Gear City it was a good 20-30 minutes i'll never get back, trying to navigate the horribly laid out GUI. Add on top of this various small bugs (reliability at 127/100, cars not shipping to dealerships despite being in range and having excess production etc.) and, at the moment I can't really recommend it, despite an otherwise enjoyable time playing it.In summary, an excellent premise but I get the feeling the size and depth of the game has somewhat swamped the lone developer. I really want this game to be awesome, as it shows good potential, but without adressing the above issues, I unfortuantely can't see it happening; much to my dismay."
76561198083372877,Recommended,285110,10293645,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Remaggib,Great game for strategy! Make the cars you've always wanted to and see if they will sell!
76561198013650618,Recommended,285110,16704349,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Duckdawg,"The idea of making cars and selling them is all I wanted in life. This game taught me more about capitalism, supply and demand, and the pain of losing everything better then high school econ class.10/10 would go bankrupt again"
,Recommended,285110,16277451,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[MAW] Twelvin,"If you love cars, car history, engines, mechanics, and wonder how well you'd do as the CEO of a major auto manufacturer...just do it."
,Recommended,285110,16698840,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,thorawaked,"GearCity successfully combines two major elements for a good tycoon/business simulation game: production and finance.ProductionA tycoon game enables you to produce something (from lemonade to theme park) but agoodtycoon game grants you a good deal of freedom. In GearCity, you can build dozens of cars which have different aspects and looks. By assuming that a potential buyer of this game should be interested in cars, this feature will satisfy the buyer, I think.FinanceThe financial algorithms of GearCity is well designed. In order to build a mogul or more simply, to build a car, you have to look for at least 2-3 charts, considering that the planned car whether be profitable or not. Moreover, when you have time, money or production line available, you have to decide whether you produce a new model or upgrade an existing one. This decisions are only be exist because GearCity's financial aspects are really good.Pros/Cons+ Freedom in practically everything from car designs to motor racing investment+ Detailed car design+ Very good finance aspects- Too detailed for some peopleFinally, if you are interested in cars and tycoon games, GearCity is a must-buy. Rating:8.5/10"
,Recommended,285110,16849798,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Alex012,"01 engels02 Duchts01Dear fellow players,To give an opinion, you should definitely play for a while.Now I've finished my second time I reached a verdict.First, the playability is good.Building your own car is excellent possibilities.Build your car in your factory is very well put down.Selling your car is really top.The economy of the game is very well balanced, not every car is a gold mine.There are so many opportunities in the game, it'll never be bored.But before you can start all you also a lot of opportunities on and off, so you'll find hard to set the game so that you can manage it, and later you can level up again.Also, history is repeating here neatly super all those events.If you are a true business tycoon looking for then this is it.In short, a big 10 for the creators of this awesome game02Beste mede spelers,Om een oordeel te kunnen geven, moet je zeker een tijdje spelen.Nu ik mijn tweede periode heb afgesloten ben ik tot een oordeel gekomen.Als eerste de speelbaarheid is goed .De bouw van je eigen auto is uitstekend vele mogelijkheden.Bouwen van je auto in je fabriek is zeer goed neer gezet .De verkoop van je auto is echt top.De economie van de game is zeer goed uitgebalanceerd  niet elke auto wordt een goudmijn.Er zitten zoveel mogelijkheden in de game, dat het nooit zal vervelen.Maar voor dat je start kan je zelf ook al een hoop mogelijkheden aan en uit zetten, dus vind je te moeilijk dan stel je de game zo in dat je het wel lukt, en later kan je weer een nivo omhoog.Tevens geschiedenis wordt hier netjes herhaalt super al die gebeurtenissen.Als je een echte bedrijfstycoon zoekt dan is dit het helemaal.Kortom een dikke 10 voor de makers van deze geweldige game"
,Recommended,285110,10339268,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,upchurch231,"If you have ever played the old DOS game called ""Detroit"" and you like it, you will Love this game. It's basically the exact same game just the graphics and user interface has been upgraded."
,Recommended,285110,11285943,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,-root,"First things first, I definitely recommend this game.You know how gaming news outlets are pronouncing the doom of the gaming industry, saying that AAA titles are destroying Video Games? This game restores faith. This game has heart and soul that the 12th iteration of some games have never had.In this game, you take control of a Car Manufacturing Company. You control everything from design to distribution. Your job stops at the dealership door, where you hand over the vehicle for your dealers to sell. Want to make a piece of crap 2 door and sell millions of them for $2.50 each? You can do it. Want to make an uber elite Luxury brand that only sells to the ultra wealthy? You can do that too.This game is an early release and will only improve given time. Right now, it is playable and good fun at that. It does crash on occasion, but only rarely as the game is very stable. The base foundations are sound and with more polish this could become a massive hit. Even if it doesn't receive massive market share, it will become a cult classic in the years to come. Buy it, support small time devs and support a game that is truly a good idea."
76561198128943133,Recommended,285110,25130261,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Equinox,"First off, the game is not perfect. Be prepared for regular crashes (save often), all sorts of bugs and some illogical game mechanics, long loading / calculation times etc pp.Why I still recommend this game?- It's the best and most detailed car manufacturing business sim currently available.- The developer is very active even 2 years after steam launch. Usually replies to bugs, questions etc. in the forums within 1 day.- It's addictive.Only major point of critique I have is that the game as it is is way too easy. You're basically set once you release your first model and won't get into financial trouble ever from that point on. Really becomes a sandbox game quickly.It's a good game already, if the bugs and crashes get fixed, and if it becomes a little more challenging, this has huge potential."
,Recommended,285110,34146958,Posted: 10 August,all,Ez_Gneisenau,"Very unusual, but highly entertaining auto-manufacturing simulation. Retro UI, but very complex simulations of the game world."
76561197982613141,Recommended,285110,24399048,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Donald J Trump,"Hard to think I passed this one up for the last year. I was a bit skeptical. I'm glad I purchased it, because this is one of the deepest management sims out there. I've had a ton of fun develping chassis, engines, and gearboxes. After the components are made, you design the body. Its always fun reading the reviews from faux Jeremy Clarkson. The game is very fun and very addicting. Always trying new combinations to make that perfect vehicle. Technology progresses with research and developement. You can even hire lobbyists to cut down taxes! Playing the stock market is fun with the other competing car companies. You can buy them out, spin them off, or just sell them. Well worth the money. I highly recommend this one. Haven't touched all the features yet."
,Recommended,285110,34123668,Posted: 9 August,all,Wayhard,Fouteen hours of playing.Yet to make it to the fifth year.Longest game lasted me around an hour.Still trying desperately.Insanity.9/10. Would fail again. And again. And again.
76561198031722299,Recommended,285110,25234169,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SwissArmyKnife,"Two ""Car Company"" games have come out over the past couple of years, but this is the only one I can truly call a TYCOON style game. The other is still just a engine/car body simulator, with it's ""tycoon"" mode still in heavy development still after 2 years, all flash, but no substance.Gearcity is a really fun and well thought out global car company tycoon game, light enough to get in an enjoy, but complex enough to keep your attention. The interface is a little dated and dry, but the mechanics behind the gameplay are solid and very informative. Matching your design quality with your production costs and the target market's ability to afford the car, make it an ever changing challenge to keep up and get ahead of your possible 100 AI competitors.A speacial nod to the developers for continued updates and support for their release! Thank you!A great sub-$20 value, and a must for any TYCOON player's collection.9/10"
76561198006633223,Recommended,285110,31001328,Posted: 7 April,all,vonTüchel,"Massively enjoyed this game so far. It's a very neat car designer/business simulator.The game basically puts you in the position of CEO of a car manufacturer, so you design cars and hopefully sell them well. Competing for market shares and trying to design the best in class vehicles is something that makes this game really addictive. You just always want to design the next car and try to improve on the weaknesses of the last one to overtake your competitors.The technical part of the car designer is in-depth enough for me to be intriguing, but not too complex to get frustrated easily. So for people who want to sink hours over hours into the design of one car this part of the game is probably a bit too shallow, since you only pick a couple of components for the three designable car parts (chassis, engine, gear box) and then adjust sliders to get the most bang for your buck.The visual car designer is a bit bland to be honest. I hope this gets polished in the future. It's an early-access game, after all. So far you pick a base model (of which there are enough imo), put stuff like tires, lights and bumpers on it, and choose one colour for the whole thing. I would love to be able to really adjust the vehicle design (i.e. play around with the base models other than just changing height or length, which is about it at the moment) a bit more, to make a car that's really good-looking. I find it particularly irksome that you can't colour most of the additional car parts, like grills or bumpers.The business part of the game is easy enough to learn, but complex enough to not be boring after a couple of hours. The UI still needs some tweaking in my opinion, since some information is too far spread out.In summary, this is one of the most enjoyable management simulation games I have played in a long time. I got it last week and already have more than one day playtime in it, which is really a lot for me. And for ~16 bucks you can hardly go wrong. I would recommend you try it out too, it's great fun."
76561198072102493,Recommended,285110,33276388,Posted: 5 July,all,gmjay74,"I've logged nearly 100 hours and absolutely love this game. Knowing that it is a work in progress makes me even more excited to experience the final product. If you loved ""Detroit"" this is the way to go."
,Recommended,285110,17088266,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Martin Straka,Great for all fans of automobile industry!
76561198006269030,Recommended,285110,29234269,Posted: 13 January,all,Popanz Wodanaz,"The game is fun and I enjoy it. But it imediately ends your current turn, when you hit the 'END' key. For some reason I hit that key from time to time, by accident or when enditing a text/name. Then it ends your turn, aborting whatever you were doing and overwrites your safegame. You can not change this, disabling the key didn't help. This made me rage quit so often, I don't wanna play this game anymore.UPDATE: Eric B. reached out to me,told me he's considering a ""Disable Hotkey"" option. This is very nice! Of course I don't want him to implement a single-person-request. But if there's an option that prevents me to accidently end my turn, I would continue to play this game."
76561198005079683,Recommended,285110,12415559,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Mcfcok,"Although still in early development after 3 years... Its a pretty good game, obviously it is still lacking features but in its current state is very playable and enjoyable. If you love tycoon games then this is an excellent choice for you which hopefully alot more to come in the future."
,Recommended,285110,26893771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stickman,"As someone who loses interest in a lot of games quickly, it was quite surprising when I found myself coming back to this game a lot.  I had this game long before it became popular.  Kind of like watching a child grow up into a teen, I was there since the beginning.  One of my favorite strategy games.  It's just really fun.  You should get it."
76561198013973027,Recommended,285110,28498519,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pacific Lynx,Developer is doing a great job.
76561198064504737,Recommended,285110,16896800,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,fNiNe,"Great game, still in early phase is the only downside that being said. This is one of the best tycoon and early access games i have ever played. A really good game, pick it up to support the final release. 9/10 <<(only because it is still early access)"
,Recommended,285110,11173501,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,neekz0r,"So, this review is written at the first early access steam launch.TL;DR:Playable now.  Fun now. Wowed me with the attention to detail. Highly recommend.It's great. There are a few ""rough around the edges"" parts, as with any early launch, but you can play the game and have a good time. The basic mechanics work well, and designing the vehicles is fun. Actually, I found this game surprisingly in depth. The anal retentiveness of the developer comes through with the attention to detail. And it's still early access.Best of all, it works with Wine (and a linux release is coming so you can run it native!)."
76561198047404327,Recommended,285110,34794719,Posted: 7 September,all,TheOriginalZippo,"This is a fantastic, and extremly detailed economic manager, 47hrs played so far, and there is still so much for me to learn, trying to become more efficient. If you ever enjoyed games like Detroit, Capitalism, or any other economic management game including some old school tycoon games like Railroad Typcoon, then you should definatly enjoy this."
76561198035789474,Recommended,285110,34909239,Posted: 12 September,all,petedurso,"I really like this game and after playing it in the spring for a while decided to come back to it this fall.  I really missed the management and design aspects of the game.  On the third try this fall I hit it big with 3 straight successes I started rolling in the dough and now in 1981 I'm pulling in $3B a month...which has allowed me to really try experimenting with some interesting features such as Marques and racing, not much success with them yet but still great fun."
,Recommended,285110,31974719,Posted: 26 May,all,Azuloiro,"Game has still a way to go, but it does have potential. As long as the updates are coming, I recommend buying this game to support the devs if you want. But take into considerations there is still a lot to be added. So if you are more waiting for a more complete version, better to keep following the game and wait for a more final release.For me it is a nice game to play sometimes, but currently I think some elements are getting to boring at a certain moment. Played more than 60 hours, but it is not a game that keeps me awake all night. I would recommend buying it when the game is more in shape or with a good discount. Current price is a little too high in my opinion."
76561197999579929,Recommended,285110,35003942,Posted: 16 September,all,nshakes7,"A fantastic game, I am always glad to find something business focused and this did not disappoint."
76561198022586780,Recommended,285110,32233693,Posted: 6 June,all,vostov,"I haven't got very far ingame but here is what i can say about it.This game have a nice bit of the feels of the old 90s game but it's doesn't just stop there.I was skeptical at first until i realised that it allow you to start the fame in the 1900s and the market during the wartime and the contract that sometime involve the military which you have to create an engine within the specification of he contract which make it more interesting during the 1910-1920. the game taught me that sometime it's not about quality of a car and its more about selling it cheap and in quantity than quality.the design segment is simplistic enough for most of the people to get a grip of how the thing work but once the production and sale started that is when the reality hit you,the market you sale isn't like the modern day it's a bit more complicated and with this ou will try to move the slider to improve some of aspect while you need to take a look at the cost and time to developed the vehicle and parts,Overall i think this game is promising but it's seem unattractive to some due to it ui and graphic,it's come to shine for me due to its time period and the contract system which i can hardly follow by the specification that it required."
76561198030492035,Recommended,285110,32301632,Posted: 9 June,all,TheBear,"A wonderfull game with a lot of focus on car building wich i like even more then the economy part.But the economy part is also very deep, making it not just some sandbox.You must have some stratergy to make things work witch makes it also challenging and fun.Dev is the most active and responsive i ever come across and makes in my opinon one hell of a job.The only complain or what i see as a must change before final release is the UI.Information you need may be many clicks away wenn you need it making you go back and forth to many times. (No Prob. if you have a memory like a super computer. since i have like a goldfish its a prob.)So a 8 out of 10 but higher wenn released i think."
76561197994450237,Recommended,285110,34845405,Posted: 9 September,all,Kal Manto,I actually like this a lot. Reminds me of a old game I use to play :PKeep the updates comming in
,Recommended,285110,13302190,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,The Criminal Violin Has Died,"I really like this game. Though quite slow, I find it quite addicting. It's one of those games that people will either hate or really like, where there isn't much meeting in the middle."
76561198115630627,Recommended,285110,21755058,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kyleahbrodie,"It's exactly what it looks like. Definitely not easy, but great! Recomended"
76561198007478967,Recommended,285110,30013182,Posted: 18 February,all,Pezzilla,"I keep coming back to this game and it has been constantly improved. The constant fixes and improvements by the developer have been rock solid, he communicates quite clearly the road map for the final vision and how the steps he plans to get there.Then, he delivers.This is the management game you have been looking for. Highly recommended, very close to being out of early access. Worth at least $29, a steal at $16-17.You start in 1900 on any continent, then endure historical setbacks  (or not, you can turn them off in options) while competing to make affordable cars for your chosen market. You design the cars, but the design is not overwhelming. There are enough parts to make it unique, but not so any as to make the whole thing a cluster-clickfest.For example, that engine for your newest pickup just might have enough tourque for that sports car you are building wit the frame from your limo....but what gear ratio do you use in the gear box?You set marketing, build branches to sell the cars...and can even buy a new Marque or start a new one.One of those games where when it gets old you just go away for a bit and when you come back you enjoy building your car company again as much as the fist time.Get this game."
76561198023509710,Recommended,285110,12098482,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Trigg488,This is a great game but needs more flexibility with production and easier to use?
76561198022296391,Recommended,285110,11065644,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,MacAttack,"I'm going to be watching this one.  I wish I could say I will be playing it, but for me.  It needs more.  But I have to say what everyone elses does...THIS IS EARYL ACCESS.  It aint done yet.  This game DOES seem to have a solid foundation for design, and the AI in the econmoics, business and indusry seems solid.  What I didn't like is the slow pace and the ""turn"" type of simulation vs. an RTS type game.  It really just stopped me in my tracks from going forward and getting more into it.  I loved the design and the analytical style of the game.   Just needs to have something in it to keep it moving.  I still recommend this game because its cheap right now still and I believe when its done and polished, it will be a fun game.  (Especially if you like cars and business)."
,Recommended,285110,10739380,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mattytoosack,Well... i bought this game three days ago and.... well 29 hours ingame and counting!!! I Banished on steam and havent even played it yet... #NOLIFE
76561198008992691,Recommended,285110,17131147,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,danlawless2000,"This is a great game already!  THey are still working on updates and refining the excitement of the automobile industry.  A really great concept, fairly well executed, and being improved.  This is a game that you will enjoy."
76561198027035147,Recommended,285110,14628284,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,jcraigpdx,"This is a great game so far with regular updates that continue to make it better, really looking forward to seeing how this ends up. I like to make nice cars with good profit margins, then see competitors with huge sales and then I design a super cheap car to take the sales crown. Then I find myself with top sales and very little profit :(. It's fun to try different approaches and persue different definitions of success. This is not a graphics heavy game, but being a business sim it doesn't need to be. I do have some gripes (managing R&D with production is cumbersome, many ratings are hidden until you've already developed a vehicle, lots of important info is lacking causing development to sometimes be a guessing game, effects of time, new body styles etc. are unclear) but from what I've read the developer is addressing many of them in the next update. There are stability issues and some things that need to be fleshed out but this is an early release, so it's expected. Even in early access this is the best car management sim I've ever played, and at the current price it's a steal. If you've always wanted a car sim game then you need to buy it!"
,Recommended,285110,14458080,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,C. P.,This game is worth buying if you like economic/simulation/tycoon game! with the promises and frequent updates in beta stage(not completely out of bugs) by the developer. try it and own the car empire!
76561198137787488,Recommended,285110,14493305,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NaceWindu,"Opened a company in Soviet Russia as Igor Krapinski in the 1980's making a crappy 2-stroke hatchback cars with ""Crappi"" engines and ""Fallaparto"" transmissions known as the ""Krapkan Kremlin."" People actually bought them, and it got positive reviews from the game's magazine reviewer. 11/10, would build crappy Soviet cars again.Now, in seriousness, this game is very fun to mess around in and play with making different kinds of cars. Designing cars is made fairly straight forward, but rather in depth, too. In it's basic form, building a car requires developing an engine, transmission, and chassis. Then you put those three together with a body to make your car. There's a basic editor that lets you set some simple parameters and it generates an engine/chassis/transmission based on those, and an advanced editor that lets you get into the nitty gritty of bore sizes, stroke length, etc. Same for designing the actual car, you get to select a body style and a specific body, them make some edits to it in the editor. You also get all kinds of sliders to play with for quality, luxury, varous development focuses. It's also fun to try and make a contract, it can be a little tricky. For one of them, I just happend to have stuff already developed that would fit the bill, the only trick was messing around with the development sliders for the car to get enough MPG to meet the requirement. This game can be a real time suck, and has that ""one more turn"" feel to it. I've found myself saying at midnight, ""just a couple more turns to see how well my new car sell."" A little while later, and the clock says 3am. The only negative things I have to say are that the sliders are kind of finicky, and sometimes the text seems to not show up quite the way it should. The in game tutorial is also kind of lacking and fiddly, and it doesn't cover the deeper aspects of the game. But since it's early access, I'm sure the dev is working on those things for future releases. For an early access game, it is very functional, somewhat polished, and playable/fun. Props to the dev, too, for being active in the forums listening to people and keeping us up to date. If you are on the fence about this game, don't be. Pick it up and give it a try. If you like cars, or strategy games, or both, you will enjoy this game."
76561198031347676,Recommended,285110,14999807,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Homer,"I bought the early release version. Thoroughly enjoyed the game thus far. It has a lot of depth and is challenging. I can really recommend it, if the pre-release is this good I cannot wait for the full version. On the negative side, being early release the interface is not that slick and there are one or two niggles, but easily overshadowed by the game play!"
76561198008290349,Recommended,285110,15407304,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SebastiaNzn,"At the moment I can recommend this game only for players who like unfinished products....Anyone who played 'Detroit' and 'Motor City' will like GearCity - it's like booth titles compiled toogether.This title has a huge potential for lot of fun, but at the current stage of development unfortunately it is like a diamond waiting for its Brilliant cut.Besides of frequent crashes (on all versions - stable and betas) UI needs a lot of polish (input fields values, tab-switching)."
76561198141874288,Recommended,285110,18178857,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,shadowofkhaos13,I highly recomend this game if you're into the concept of running a car company rather than actually designing the car
,Recommended,285110,14488457,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,estudiotortonese,In only 66 minutes playing (with tutorials) I love this game.It has everthing.Designingmanagmentenjoymentadrenalinestrategygeopoliticseconomyit's really great.Cons-NO other languages than englishStill developing.
76561197996267262,Recommended,285110,15094183,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,strusos,"Very good and adictive game. Always wanted to run my automobile empire. :)Has  some glitches, but it is ok for early access game.Waiting for the 1.8 version, although i will have to restart.Cons:No real company names are used.Save games are very sensitive and one should always make seperate save as."
,Recommended,285110,18082712,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,King Tagg,Very Good game. Reminds me of Car Tycoon (apart from this one works :P)
76561198045140091,Recommended,285110,14009742,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,timmerfors,"9/10cheap cost for many hours of fun.a developer that work close to the community.you dont need to be interested in cars to buy this game, if you like biz simulator games this is a must buy game."
76561198007411910,Recommended,285110,14450144,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,wolfpost,Great game and very addictive. Very playable for me with lots of content and the developer seems very active and responsive. I love disgning new cars especially when I get a new tech upgarde. The start can be a little frustrating because of having to start over because you went banrupt yet again. But that would be my fault and not the games. Once you figure out how not to go bankrupt the game is a lot of fun. And to be honest even then. LOL.
,Recommended,285110,16202152,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,NeonPunk,That game makes my pants tight. Proper tycoon game!
76561198111169229,Recommended,285110,13459664,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,shelkid,"Great game,yes there are a few bugs here and there but its in early access so if you dont want a game with bugs dont play an early access game! the AI could do with some work though but im sure it will be fixed in future updates.otherwise the game is good, great style of management, great selection of choices and it isn't too difficult to play. the classic car tycoon management game is back and its great!in my opinion the game is worth every penny and then some. there arn't any crazy graphs that are impossible to understand and you can manage the game however you like, and then you get do design the car itself which is something i personally have not seen before in a game, and it isn't too difficult. The user interace is well, meh, but ive noticed it has been improving through each update which is a good sign.overall i give it a 8/10 :-)"
76561198069137236,Recommended,285110,14893021,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Gabagoo,"This is definitely a great successor to the old classic, Detroit.  Tycoon fans, give this one a try.  Very playable in it's current early access state.  I'm really looking forward to final release of this game."
76561198004748304,Recommended,285110,14666846,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,mark,"took me a few turns to pick up the basics of the games and hopefully someone will have the time and paitence to write a 'beginners guide'. Once i did pick up the basics, i have realised this is a very good game, sure its still in dev - but take a look on the forums, the dev guy is constantly on there helping and listening to the players to ensure it continues to evolve and grow. sure this isnt a finished game, however it is a very playable game in its current state and will continue to improve.9/10 should get to a 10/10 in time"
76561198113464166,Recommended,285110,16422582,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zabellex12,i am having alot of fun with this game.it is early access so there are some minor bugs but the game is fully playable.the dev is very responsive and helpful going so far as to look at my save file and tell me the problem.it was my drivers not the game. this is how early access should be run. check out the forums yourself and you will see the dev responding to any issues people have. he got back to me same day. love the game and look forward to more .
76561198137259712,Recommended,285110,15650045,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ee,"great fun little strategy game. my version was a little rough around the edges but once configured correctly, played quite well. Inspired by the dos classic ""Detroit"". very fun"
,Recommended,285110,16737893,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Death@Head,"It's a nice game, the options are endless, you can play this for hours, only i wanted to see more updates, but i WILL be patient for that, the game is fun if you know how it works. It's you're car, build it how you like cars, set up cardealerships and let the sales go trough the roof!"
76561198048363293,Recommended,285110,24544170,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheFlame8,"For the price, there's not a better car manager game out there.  The bugs are constantly being worked out, and it's a good game already, even in early access.  Don't play it if your just looking for cool looks or fast cars.  This is a real simulation game that is very difficult, but very fun.Early access: 8/10"
76561197993245779,Recommended,285110,34875884,Posted: 10 September,all,DreamsDefined,"Love the game. Supremely detailed and modelled. High learning curve and difficulty.Sure, some areas are lacking a bit. But it's a one person (as far as I understand) dev team, so I'm happy to forsake the bells and whistles for such a wonderful management game.Highly recommend :)"
76561198096246382,Recommended,285110,34770409,Posted: 5 September,all,afi_cht,It more stable to play in win os. The game feel old in term of everything but the dev is nice.
,Recommended,285110,35433519,Posted: 2 October,all,R05340728,"If youve ever had the dream of building your own car for the world to enjoy, this is the game for you.  Ive put in over 900 hours since Ive purchased it, and its well worth the price; Ive definitely gotten my moneys worth!  Whether you want to build an automotive empire to rival the likes of Ford or Toyota, or just build sports cars and go racing (which is what I usually do, especially with the latest updates to the contracting and racing systems), youll get hours of enjoyment out of GearCity.  I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,285110,25626604,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,THE SHARK,"And updated and a little more in-depth version of the old DOS game Detroit. Has a very active developer (check out the steam forums, multiple paragraph replies to people), it has already improved since I bought it. If you like your economic simulators, you'll like this one.Only took me a few hours to get to grips with it, once you start to unstand the demand in different regions, how to get good type ratings, and how to start in a major US city, it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,285110,29326111,Posted: 17 January,all,metaxourgeio,"It's hard to overstate my excitment over this game regarding the depth of it. Sure, it has a steep learning curve, but if you're really excited by cars and/or realism and/or tycoons it will be a lovely experience in trial and error as you try to assert you as maybe the king of the car industry, a minor specialised supercar company or maybe you'll end up being happy just trying to survive in the early decades of the 20th century. All while being constantly surprised by the many unexpected aspects this game offers.The active and profound development by Eric is just amazing with very responsive and sincere interaction with the community through the discussion section on Steam. The constant development has also ensured a continued replay value for me every quarter/half of the year.If technique, design, history and economy excites you then you should really consider picking this up."
,Recommended,285110,18986822,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Tridon,"Great car tycoon game with a heavy focus on proper simulation of the market. If you love creating different cars for specific purposes and tweaking sliders to be able to build better and better products, this is for you. I've spent 90% of my time in game just uprading engines and building better gearboxes. A 1hp sportscar? Why not! A compact car with the fuel effiecency of a large lorry? Go right ahead!The fun of just burying myself in the endless combinations of properties of every facet of my cars, makes this game one my definite favourites for the last couple of years."
76561198067198869,Recommended,285110,21183676,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Monkey Mouth,"Not as good as the alternative (Automation) but has higher detail - though that can be a disadvantage. I had major problems starting it, but once you Google it it should be a fun little game."
,Recommended,285110,30538012,Posted: 16 March,all,Malaras,"If you like Business type games and want to run a car company. IMO best one on the market. Super in depth. The Dev is awesome listens to the bug reports.Can start in year 1900+Stock marketCreate cars, chassis, engine, gear box. Sliders to change stats of them.Also can create MarquesEconomy changes by it's self and by eventsIt has where you can create the body and such, but kinda lacking, but good enough i'm after Economy side of things.all in all 9/10"
76561197960993299,Recommended,285110,30317679,Posted: 4 March,all,Game Warden,"im big fan of management/simulation games.  ive played them all hearts of iron 2, 3 and 4. civilization, Victoria 2, crusader kings, mad games tycon, software, industrial manager, all those video game development game thinhgs, prison architect, ive played them all for many many hours.  probably thousands of hours combined.i must say gear city takes a bit to learn.  the interface and graphics and all that are nothing to write home about, but if you give it a chance and learn how everything works and how your decisions affect all the outcomes my god is gear city good.honestly once i ""got it"" and understood how to play it really turned out to be quite a surprise and probably the best management game ive played.  extremely in depth.  closest thing to running a real company in the reall world out of all the games ive played.absolutely fantastic.  developing and producing a vehicle and actually having it sell well and just watching the money roll in is addicting.  i can only imagine what it must feel like for a real life ceo, cause god just this game and i get this rush of adrenaline when i see my 6 million in profits just for one month.def reccomend this game.  like i said it might take a bit to understand, possibly a few restarts will be needed cause your company will probably fail a few times but once you get it and once you can get a few early succsfull cars to market my god the game is good.probably some of the most fun part of the game besides developing and selling cars, managing your factories and dealerships is the the stock market aspect of the game.  so awesome.  it was so freaking awesome when i kept releasing new shares and then buying them up and my stock holders took me to court for diluting shares!  i had to settle a 50 million dollar suit!  amazing attention to detail and real life.cant reccomend this game enough, just get through the early stggles and somewhat l♥♥♥♥ luster ui and the game is a real gem."
,Recommended,285110,11145972,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sherk1120,"If you are really interested in how the automotive industry works and the thought process behind car development, Look no further. This game is excellent for people looking to know more about what it takes to make a car and the businees required to make that car profitable. The possibilities on this game are endless. I would definitly recommend this game."
,Recommended,285110,25983509,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,byteau,"From making cars, to merging with other companies.This game is very in depth. At first I thought it was only about making cars and selling them. I was wrong. You have to manage your company through tough times, like World wars, and the rise of the Soviet Union. (Kind of sucks if most of your buisness is in Moscow because during these times they don't allow you to sell or make anything)I didn't care about stock until I played this game, buying and selling stock is pretty fun, plus it gets you a lot of money.You can even merge with other companies and steal their profit!I know I'm missing things, you'd be better off buying this game and playing it for yourself.Plus, this game is always being updated, which is very nice."
,Recommended,285110,13624961,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GingerGamer,Really good i would recommend
,Recommended,285110,25151999,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[ UKF ]  amore555,"If you like business sims, this is one of the best.  Harking back to the days when you could actually lose a pc game, this game rewards success and punishes failure.That said, it is fairly easy to get into.Additionally, there is more than one way to run a successful business, from playing the stock markets, to selling high end luxury vehicles, or flooding the market with budget hatchbacks.You also have to adapt your business during the wars and crises of the 20th century.The developer is very passionate and committed and has continued developing this game post release, and will still assist with any queries or issues you may have, well worth supporting.My top tip? Place your manafacturing hubs in areas with low wages, Andorra, Lisbon, Guadalajara etc"
,Recommended,285110,30632809,Posted: 20 March,all,rickc46374,Nice game. I very much enjoy it. I used to love Detroit; this is way better!
,Recommended,285110,18403064,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,StayCranked,"Has a lot of potential and already worth the price, the developer is very dedicated to the project and answers questions on the steam forums"
76561198013132245,Not Recommended,285110,16002946,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,huminado,"No.Until I play a single turn in this game which I enjoy, have a clear understanding that I did what I was supposed to do - i.e. until the game stops silently telling me ""you're doing it wrong"" - I cannot recommend this game.There is no empathy for the player here.  It's a hodgepodge of menus and making sure you didn't forget something, or learned some bizarre menu sequence you weren't aware of, or had some checkbox clicked so the appearance of the menus are consistent.This game is a pure nightmare.  You know the coding horror logo?  That.  That is this game in a nutshell.I have never regretted buying a game as much as I've regretted this one.  I have zero hope the dev will ever grasp exactly how to generate a UX which is gives the player a pleasant learning curve.  It's a brick wall.  ""Come - hit your head on the brick wall again"" the game pleads with you...  ""maybe you'll like me then"".I strongly recommend the dev offer a demo version of the game to allow for more player feedback and constructive criticism.  As it is I'm really tired of looking at this thing."
76561197984315653,Recommended,285110,11821538,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,dadamax,Early access game coming along real well. Very intricate game for those that enjoy complex and intricate gaming.
,Recommended,285110,17778148,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Supermade 240,I don't do reviews. But I cannot get over how fun and indepth this game is
,Recommended,285110,24241776,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ATX Ferret,"Yes, this is a modern version of Detroit, but it is so much better. As usual, TL;DR at the bottom.This is a very playable early release. This is already something you can lose hours of your life to, provided you can stomach a game that is entirely menus. I logged about 6 hours before my first crash to desktop. The only other crashes I've had were related to my alt-tabbing. I really feel like a few days worth of hardcore clean-up work on the UI and such and it actually would be finished. The core mechanics of the game are complex, great, and seem to work very smoothly.The tutorial is pretty decent for an early release. I was surprised at how useful it was considering all of the complaints about it. If you put the time and effort into it, you can learn this game pretty well, and everything the tutorial doesn't touch on should be fairly simple for the average PC gamer to pick up.The UI is clunky, but entirely functional. Big sore points, for me, are that you can accidentally lose designs by exiting the wrong menu, that nothing snaps in place on the car designer, and that the ""computer"" (it's an abacus in the 1900s lol) essentially negates the need for most other menus, and has quite a bit of vital information that is completely exclusive to it. I’m not sure if the last part is really a bad thing, but it does make me question why the other menus are there at all.The research area is strangely barren in information, which is odd considering the game starts in 1900, making research probably the most important element of the concept, and it could be helped a bunch with just textual information instead of bland icons. There are grammatical errors, but they're not numerous or bad enough to be bothersome.The game play is fun, but, even though this is definitely my genre – which I have missed – the game gets really boring, really fast. I think it has to do with the designing, for me. You can spend time designing your cars, but no one will ever see them. Once you get a few designs saved, though, it gets less tediuos. Designing the engines and chassis are more fun, since you need them to work together to create an effective car, but the body elements themselves are basically just rope with which to hang your self-esteem. Nothing snaps, so unless you’re ready to take a ruler to your monitor, you’ll have off-center bumpers that are attached to axles and axles with wheels that aren’t centered. A simple hard-point style system would make the designer non-absurd, at least. It’s not like there’s artistic license to be taken on things like the wheels not being on the windows and the doorhandles not being on the headlights.The economic aspects are great. The way customers react to price changes and car improvements feels very natural, and I haven’t once had this feeling of some invisible hand holding me down, despite everything from design to price point being vastly superior to the NPCs that are murdering me, not even while I’m learning the game.The graphics look dated, but not distractingly so. You don't play this kind of game for the graphics anyway.The music is, for the most part, a cacophony of terribadness, so be prepared to just turn that math off and play your own music, but that's not big a loss since even the most brilliant soundtrack gets monotonous in an exclusively menu-driven game.I don’t know how often the game autosaves, but there’s no reason it shouldn’t be once a turn. It has been a while since I’ve seen a turn-based game in which saves were even an issue, but I learned that I have to resurrect my 00’s era save reflexes when I got the first CTD and learned that multiple entire cars weren’t designed yet.TL;DR – If this concept looks even slightly interesting, and/or you played Detroit and loved it, buy this. If you’re wishing for the bygone era of tycoon games that actually made you manage a business, buy this. What the game is lacking will probably be fixed in the future, going by the developer’s history of updates, and the core game mechanics are, at least at the moment, one-of-a-kind."
76561198200290883,Recommended,285110,25744284,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chickia,Very good game with good potential. Mediocre learning curve but that's whats this game is about. Keep updating and it will be execlent!
76561198150668714,Recommended,285110,19100756,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,deathshroom86,"Built a 4 Cylinder 2.8L DOHC engine in 1960, had 28mpg, 290HP...Would bankrupt all other car companies again due to my knowledge & innovation..10/10"
76561197972359082,Recommended,285110,23386603,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bobsbad,Takes time and patience to find your way around but once you do its quite a rewarding experience.  I feel that when the game is finally fully fleshed out that it has the potential to be truly excellent ! Totally recommended !
76561198052363326,Recommended,285110,11231137,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Trelib,"Amazing game, i'm having a lot of fun"
76561198056019194,Recommended,285110,11272380,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,higginsb1998,Great game! This game will be amazing once its finished!!
76561198060593979,Recommended,285110,30158236,Posted: 24 February,all,miranda9,"The game has a quality that compels the player to see if it can be played better the next time.  Save game and return later executes in a blink, Turn transitions pass quicker than expected , even with the 200 player limit engaged. If you like to micro manage with tons of data at your fingertips, satisfaction will be found here.Getting off to a bad start is likely due to a menu system of data entry that is not intuitive for me.  This is the downside of the game. This was my opinion that resulted in an initial lack of recomendation.Unlike other games which promp when you have not done  all elements needed to complete a turn, this game will allow you to remain ignorant of some steps you had to take and move the turn clock forward without warning.  What is needed here is a few more ""Hay Boss"" pop ups.Finding what you want to do is often hidden inside  a menu located in a less than intuitive location.  The forest of choices  and information you may think, or not think of, as being necessary are found in seperate menus that may or may not be found under a title you might not even think of as related to the subject you are hunting for..    This makes the learning curve steeper than it needs to be.As a GUI based game there may be limits to what can be done that a user might want to see. Once it is understood where things you want to do can be found this game is quite adictive and as such it is recommended as a simullator of statistics that govern  car production and sales.with many elements to consider that satisfy desire to micro manage for optimum results.Played  on an acer intel core i7, using NVIDEA GEFORCE GTX  display  gaming-grademachine. This program caused massive crash of computer."
76561198007671537,Not Recommended,285110,30822030,Posted: 29 March,all,frostfly,"I like this game, I've enjoyed playing it. but it's an informational disaster. and conversation with the devloper is not promising.   It feels like he's not getting feedback from people who critisize well.  The game is fine, it plays pretty well, it's fairly stable, seems fairly balanced.  it's a simple spreadsheet game.  The problem is...the information you need to be effective at this is spread out all over.  The date and cash on hand aren't always visable, you need to click through muliple windows to manage cars being built, sold or scrapped.I like the game, but I can't recommend it because the UI feels like a 1985 word processor."
76561198068944300,Recommended,285110,26021424,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,United13,"I've spent a lot of money on games in this genre and this is by far the best. You can play in an assisted mode that makes the game go quicker but gives you less control over car design. This is a good way to start because there are a lot of different options. However, once you get the hang of things, these extra options really let you take control of your company. I only have two complaints about the game.The first is that it is difficult at first to start. This makes it more challenging for new people but I do like this challenge  because it is more realistic.My only real  complaint is that once you've made it big so to speak, it becomes very easy. Once you've made so much money it is almost imposible to fail but it also gives you the freedom to build the cars you wish companies would build.Keep up the good work dev and the quick updates. You update this game quicker than games that have entire dev teams working on it."
,Recommended,285110,27022413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lv.,Gear city is a great game to make cars and a company I love how your in charge of you auto company and I hope the game be comes a really really great game.
76561198020962200,Recommended,285110,26472637,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"If you're a car fan who's looking for a hardcore business sim experience, then this is the game for you.  If you're looking for a game that's easy to get into, you might want to reconsider."
76561197971077885,Not Recommended,285110,30476433,Posted: 12 March,all,Brandl,"That was a huge dissapointment...sorry to say that because the game might be good...someday...but not yet.Dont buy early access games...i tell myself over and over and again i made this mistake.Lets go over the facts...Pros:- nice but no really good graphics...but good enough for a manager game- very complex car developement system- nice sound/music...changeable if you like- technical stable...no crashes (but i didnt played it long)Cons:- really bad tutorial ...running in circles so you dont really know what to do ....getting the same useless hints over and over.- bad gamestart. Example: you have to research several Parts for your first Car at the beginning. Next you have to wait for several month. Then you have to research a Car design...and wait again for several month. WTF.... And then you have no idea what to do next. No hint, no tutorial anymore...nada...- several bugs...mostly smaller ones, mostly menu problems when clicking away windows...slow reactions when you click menu buttons...nothing critical but....well...So...dont take me wrong...this game isnt wrong or really bad...its just not finished...so thumb down for now until it gets better. If you like management games then keep an eye on it. Put it on your wishlist. There are still regular updates so the Dev is still working on it i guess ;)"
76561197967713205,Not Recommended,285110,16671286,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Red Cloud,"Nice concept, but has a long way to go before being an enjoyable experience.So far it seems like every element of the game is clunky, the menus, the interface, the car building, even the tutorial elements.A long way from finished..."
76561198013882866,Recommended,285110,10325047,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,mustow,game has had alot of work done to it since it first launched on steam the menus are getting better with every update and way less crashes. car desgin has alot to be desired.but you dont expect much more for the going price.sometimes not really sure why im making money and losing it.otherwise runs well on 1080p do havea gtx 960 with 16gb ram  i7 aswell. im enjoying it more in the past few weeks with the constant updates if you like watching money rise  and feeling like your beating the compention  and havea idea about cars you should be pretty okay with this game dont expect a pick up and play experiance other wise you will get burned :)
76561198217891500,Not Recommended,285110,30132422,Posted: 23 February,all,nathanstrobl34,"This game is almost impossible. Any combination I have tried with any game mode, I have gone bankrupt. Even if your vehicle gets positive reviews, you go bankrupt. This game is also very buggy and even though my computer has 4 times the recommended requirements, it makes my computer struggle to play it. Would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198077022483,Not Recommended,285110,20444452,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DeathWave,"TLDNR: Least intuative UI I have ever used.I used a feature of STEAM I have never used before. The refund feature.I am a huge petrolhead and usually enjoy anything to do with vehicles. I have played a few car tycoon type games before and enjoyed them. I have been looking for a modern one for a while and stumbled across GearCity.It looked fantastic, It probably is if you can get past the utterly useless UI and the fact that half the features don't seem to have any bounderies or common sense. First attempt at making a car. 80s Subcompact car, I think great easy start, no first thing I have to do is stick on the wheels and tyres... I get given giant moon buggy tyres that are bigger than the wheel arches on the car for some reason and spend the next 5 minutes playing with the stupidly vague slide bars trying to get the tyres to look like normal car tyres inside the wheel arches and have the front and back look about the same.Wondering why the ♥♥♥♥ whoever designed this game thought it was a good idea to make even the tyres a struggle to deal with. Most games I am sure ""pick wheels"" followed by ""pick size"", and ""pick colour"" would suffice. Never mind I think it was 7 slide bars that half of them don't seem to do anything.Same issue with the headlights, pick some very 80s square headlights, place them on the car and they stretch and warp all over the place and end up looking like stickers rather than part of the car.After giving up on trying to get an even ok looking car I go ahead and start building them. I think I set them up to ship to dealers, I think I paid for advertising. Found lots of information on my ""competitors"" cars and could compare them to each other... No idea how to compare my car to what they are selling.Eventually realise that I have built just over 100 cars, not sold one. No idea why, but at this point I gave up. I had spent 92 minutes not enjoying myself. the only bits I enjoyed was the design engine, chassis and gearbox sections, and even they could be inmproved massively with a few simple dropdown menues to pick simple things like engine configuration and cylinders."
76561198086471363,Not Recommended,285110,20457748,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,vsc_48,"Great look and tutorial at the beginning.  I cant get past the design of my first car without the game crashing.  If this could be fixed in an expedited manner, i am sure the game has great potential.  I would say to not buy the game until the crashes are resolved."
,Not Recommended,285110,18943586,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MaloJewell,"While I had high hopes for this game, I can't recommed it at this time. It may get better eventually, but it isn't very fun as it stands now. With most games within the first hour or so you find something that interests you to keep playing. The terrible tutorial, tedious navigation/menus, and lack of polish in the game at this point make it too difficult for me to jump into.Hopefully, all of this will be fixed before they leave EA."
76561198025394635,Recommended,285110,15909097,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,Very detailed car tycoon game.It has many things for an early access and the devs are constantly upgrading it.
76561198110705180,Recommended,285110,13722111,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aedwaldr,"An easier to understand interface and a better suited tutorial would help, but the idea of the game is great. Though it does need many tweaks, I would recommend this, but only for those who are ready to put in a small amount of time into it."
76561197994615236,Recommended,285110,15582574,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,tjj113,"The game is ok, as it is buid for an car tycoon, but:-the developers are moving too slow-for 2015 the 3d car customisation is very very limited and under NFS 2005/06 games as for grafic and options.-there are no options for what makes a car different today like front part design, rear part design, aerodinamics.-actually you can only choose a predesigned automobile (sedan, sport, etc) and change a few tipes of headlights, backlights, handlings, mirrors and  the bulk shape as lenght, width.The simulation part (for business and technical data management)  is ok.I would give a little edge for yes"
76561198049949381,Recommended,285110,17292224,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"Very good successor to the old Detroit game. GearCity has everything Detroit had plus more!Not only do we have updated graphics and interface, we also have a fully customizable car and car parts. Just to tell you, you can tweak even the size of the chassis in cm or the weight of an engine!The economic system is simple and similar to Detroit's, but updated.I think the dev did a really good job, and I hope to see an expansion to add more stuff to the game (new techs, possible future cars (after 2015-16), etc.).If you like cars, relaxing and business sims, this game is for you. It's chill pill, no stress or frustration here, just thinking on how to make your company and your car models the best out there.By the way, this game is in early access and I feel like its finished. Can't wait to play the official finished version.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,285110,30135330,Posted: 23 February,all,Reggie Barry,"If you like looking at all the infos and making decisions based on the info in those infos, this is the game you're looking for."
76561198030162156,Recommended,285110,30171316,Posted: 25 February,all,daxl101,"This is a blend of so many great tycoon experiences for me. It reminds me of another deep economic simulator, Capitalism II. There is a learning curve, but I would say it's less than a Paradox game (Europa, Hearts of Iron, etc), So if you don't mind failing for the first hour or so until you start to figure things out your will be rewarded with one of the best business simulations you will ever play.I am in no way a car buff, but I've diffidently started researching engine types and popular cars from different eras out of sheer enjoyment from this game. I've spent all my time this past week playing this game and if not playing it, thinking about playing it. It's very immersive and you can quickly lose track of time and sink hours into this.One hint I will give is to save frequently. I have experienced a couple CTD’s after spending an hour or so between turns designing components and cars only to lose it. Unlike any game I’ve ever played before though I don’t even let it bother me; I just jump right back in.You really have to give this a game a try if you are at all into business simulators."
76561198043544593,Recommended,285110,30229050,Posted: 27 February,all,appletonrd,"This is a great game. The dev team does state that there is a long learning curve, so don't give up the first few times you go bankrupt. As you learn how to do things it'll get more and more interesting.The game includes some really interesting features about automobile engeneering, and also on the historical side, they went to lengths to introduce small details that really show they did their research.I really do recomend this game. Buy it"
76561198008550253,Recommended,285110,29023698,Posted: 4 January,all,ager99,Amazing game for the money. Super addictive.
76561197985497045,Recommended,285110,24814423,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,tommytza,"Nice idea, good game, a lot of work to improve the actual state but the devs are sweets and deep involved! Definitely, yes!"
76561198261066527,Recommended,285110,24793588,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),This game already is amazing i am loving the fact you can race cars now with your competition any person who loves mass management and tuning cars your going to lvoe this game in my opinion this is the best car tycoon game on steam keep up the good wor kguys
,Recommended,285110,24273238,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,EvilKenevil,"Alright Game, Quite difficult.I dont feel it is viable for the price though, Depends on the person really :)"
76561197993086888,Recommended,285110,20609934,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,McDaniel,Fun game!Very challenging in the beginning but it gets a bit to easy later on.8/10
76561198023964900,Not Recommended,285110,31349165,Posted: 24 April,all,MiKye200,"This game is a direct copy, in concept and art, of the game ""Detroit"" released way back in 1994.Bought this game back in 2015 and was disappointed by horrible UI,  confusing layout and information all over the place, bugs in car designing and general lack of polish.Stopped playing for a couple years to give the developer a chance.Just tried the game again in 2017 and it's still a mess and lacks polish.This title may well be the first game to ever spend eternity as an ""Early Access"" game."
76561198059017665,Not Recommended,285110,14301698,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Droid215,"I thought it would be amazing once I read the reviews. It obviously had a lot of time and care put into it, however. Once you get past the insanely informative (I had to turn them off because they just kept saying exactly what everything ever, EVER! Did. Which sounds like a blessing.. but trust me, it's easier to youtube a tutorial for this.) Once you get past them. the game will lose value to you with your limitless freedom.. a very similar effect that ""Spore"" had on me. I'm not saying this game is bad, but I expected better. Also. I found a glitch within the first five minutes that caused me to start over, which isnt bad because.. well it was five minutes. But the glitch was that I waited a month and then next thing I know my profits dropped from -3,452.00 to -9,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. I don't think I spent that much in the game.. It immediatly crashed once I closed the warning screen for bankruptsy."
76561198040633529,Not Recommended,285110,20298906,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Thulem,"The game crashes repeatedly. I had 2 crashes in the first 50 minutes of the game and was not even able to fully design my first car. Do yourself a favor: Check the game forum on steam first! Get an impression of the community feedback. Then decide if you want to give it a try. I tried in January 2016 and I cannot recommend this game in that current state.If you love classic games like Oldtimer or Detroit and expect GearCity to be on a par with them, you will definitely be disappointed! The interface design is too inconsistent in regard to used style elements (compare the various menus and buttons on the screenshots) and it lacks polish. It does not feel right, at least not to me."
76561198030136966,Recommended,285110,31866937,Posted: 20 May,all,Peeping Tom,"Very in deep business simulation+ a dev who is very active in the forum+ cars-> 10/10, would buy again"
76561197997130576,Not Recommended,285110,20576151,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Harlock | HTD,"REVIEW BASED ON 1.19 VERSIONThe problem it's the value: for 15 euros this game offers not enough. As other mentioned, the game is rich in ideas but poor in realization. I thought it was a good idea investing in the game since the developer seams a nice and active on his board... Still the gameplay should be refined a lot more and the game seams trying to do too much for a ""one man's work"". The guy should have at least a small team to realistically get everything he's trying to achieve done in a reasonable time, instead he's trying to do this all by himself, so in the end this game costs too much and will never be the small gem it was meant to be.In the end the developer should definitely show some humilty and understand that asking this much for this game it's not right. With that money he should definitely hire a couple of guys helping him making a COMPLETE overhaul of the Interface, and rethink a couple of features from the start, since as for now they seem completely out of place or unnecessary. He seem to have a strong grip on the coding behind the game, and he clearly has a bright idea of what the game should be, but he simply can't do it alone.Note that the game holds still many great features and many great ideas. I would give this game a5\10, and enything else except the UI reach a perfect and balanced gameplay experience this rating i'll change.EDIT:In the end the developer gave me some answer and amply demonstrated that i was wrong on his behalf; he even personally gave an explaination of the economy behind the development of this game, which is something rare and precious. I was probably wrong saying that he should demonstrate more humilty, and you should read the discussion to get a personal idea out of it. Sadly i still feel that the game is not very playable at the current state, and i'll keep playing it hoping that the situation changes.---------------ITARECENSIONE BASATA SULLA VERSIONE 1.19Il problema principale riguarda il prezzo: Per 15 euro questo gioco non offre abbastanza. Come hanno osservato anche altri, il gioco è pieno di idee ma povero in realizzazione. Ho pensato fosse una buona idea investire su questo gioco dato che lo sviluppatore sembrava un bravo ragazzo e molto attivo sul suo forum... Purtroppo il gioco dovrebbe essere raffinato maggiormente, e quello che il gioco prova a raggiungere sembra troppo per il lavoro di uno sviluppatore solo. Lo stesso dovrebbe avere almeno un piccolo team per riuscire realisticamente ad ottenere quello che promette in tempi realistici; invece sta cercando di fare tutto da solo, e conseguentemente il gioco costa troppo e non diverrà mai la piccola gemma che sarebbe dovuto diventare.Per concludere lo sviluppatore dovrebbe dimostrare un po' di umiltà e con i profitti del gioco assumere uno o due persone che lo aiutino a rifare da capo l'interfaccia e a ripensare completamente poche altre cose del gioco che necessiterebbero di venire ristrutturate poichè superflue o del tutto inutili. Sembra chiaro che abbia una idea chiara su quello che vuole ottenere dal gioco, e sembra essere molto competente in programmazione, ma da solo non può farcela.Da notare che questo gioco contiene molte belle idee e molte features ben realizzate. Se dovessi dare un voto finale a questo gioco sarebbe di5\10tenendo conto che qualora lo sviluppo portasse ad una esperienza di gioco perfetta ed equilibrata, questo voto potrebbe cambiare.EDIT:Alla fine lo sviluppatore ha fornito molte risposte interessanti che hanno dimostrato come mi sbagliassi sul suo conto; ha persino fornito informazioni sui costi di sviluppo del progetto, che è una cosa rara e preziosa. Purtroppo la mia opinione generale sull'esperienza di gioco non cambia, ma terrò d'occhio lo sviluppo e in caso cambierò opinione."
76561198012071006,Not Recommended,285110,20617222,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,duraniedad,"Well,,,,,   I finally got this game as I have been following it for a while.   Unfortunately, it crashes every time at the point of placing the bumper on the front of my mini van.  I have tried different resolutions, continues to crash.I guess I will wait for an update and hope that gets fixed.  I have a Republic of Gamers rig so hardware is not the issue.Cannot recommend this game in its form right now...Looking forward to updating this review."
,Recommended,285110,14799635,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ennisont,its good not not bad at all
76561198030776630,Recommended,285110,30383819,Posted: 7 March,all,vslimm,This game is better than your game.
76561198018679417,Recommended,285110,14907880,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hogie9,"Like any early access game, this still needs quite a bit of polish, but the developer is very upfront about future changes and does a great job keeping the community informed on progress.  Easily the most enjoyable automotive tycoon game I have ever played."
76561198008498519,Not Recommended,285110,34222896,Posted: 13 August,all,Talok,"Lots of really cool options when designing a car, very similar to the old game 'Detroit' However once everything is researched and ready to go putting it all together on a car is an ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE.  So bad that Im going to request a refund on it.  Would love to give it a chance but the vehicle design (putting the body together) is *horrible* to the extreme... I don't have 5 hours to try to put one car together ... where are the snap points???"
,Recommended,285110,30494065,Posted: 13 March,all,coold63,Its a pretty fun game.However the important thing is the DEV replies to just about every single forum post.Great DEV 10/10
76561197993270974,Recommended,285110,30385110,Posted: 7 March,all,damstachizz,"Very addictive, and with a dev who actually works on it and sends out constant updates."
,Not Recommended,285110,16018376,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Made my first car.. Well I tried, was doing everything it told me to do, then came the time to put the tires on the car. Selected the tires I wanted, placed them on the car, not only were they in the center of the car, they were at and angle (like the axle had snapped). If you enjoy games that have unrealistic standards for cars, youll love this game. If you enjoy games that tell you what to do everytime you open a page or new room, youll love this game. Otherwise dont waste your money. Its not worth it. 10/10 would get refund if I could."
76561198030693018,Not Recommended,285110,30051657,Posted: 19 February,all,Manic,"Very inaccessable. The tutorial is horrible, keeps telling you the same information over and over without offering anything new. The first car you build should be cheap. So I set it to minimum specs built the car then found out that it's max speed was 0 mph. That car was built with the tutorial and the design wizard. There was nothing to tell me where the problem was or how to fix it. All under the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,285110,14611140,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lord Topley,"Really want to the play this game, I feel it has lots to give. Problem is, UI is awful, the process of doing anything it complicated and very unintuitive. The tutorial is poor and usually breaks.I've tried and tried, but the UI is so unneedlessly complicated, I find the frustration of it more than enough to hit the Quit Game button and never play again."
76561198068202991,Not Recommended,285110,34530350,Posted: 27 August,all,MikeDavison700,"I am about as massively into cars as its possible to be and downloaded this with great hopes; it did not meet up to those hopes and I played less than an hour sadly. Huge amounts of depth is evident, but its ruined by horrendous UI, endless menus to do the simplest thing, poor 3D graphics and overall lack of progression and structure. It just feels really flat? The rival companies don't feel real, its just very dated....it's clear the model beneath is strong, but it needs a UI and graphic refresh in my view."
76561198067421502,Not Recommended,285110,15319182,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GRH,"LOST PATIENCEpainful, painful, torturing , annoying and inefficient tutorial tested my nerves to limits.. add on top, constant crashes, issues, switching between versions back and fort, a supposedly existing but not present mouse hardware system.. game is like from ancient eras where a top spec computer is unable to move the bloody freaking mouse properly.game gives you no easy or sensible information on what to do, build this bankrupt. build that bankrupt, try this bankrupt..sorry but in 21st century some of us dont have the patience to try a zillion methods before we can get a hold on what the heck is going on.laggy, buggy, disorganised menus, and game play.. and on top dx9 and open gl graphics.. HONESTLY ????I can see that the developer tried to go into economical, historical, and global details, but no detail is any use to the player unless its presented in a sensible, locigal way. If trying was fun, maybe i could have had more patience.when trying is torture.. game gets a big no no from me...what an utter waste of 20 bucks i spent... just to get frustrated.."
76561198065293222,Not Recommended,285110,22897405,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Davewatsit97,"just not for me, seems lacking, way way to hard to play and annoying to build new cars"
,Not Recommended,285110,34919157,Posted: 13 September,all,Lepanto_Knight,"Love the concept. I want to like this game. It sounds fun but after playing it, it was such a grind. Nothing is intuitive. It feels about as fun as being an accountant auditing accounts. From building the car to marketing and selling, everything felt like a chore. Would need some major improvements for me to change my mind, but there is the bones of a good game here somewhere if the devs find a way to make it more engaging, intuitive, and fun. Less spreaadsheets and more visual representations would be a start."
,Not Recommended,285110,30545120,Posted: 16 March,all,Billy P,"Wish it was more intuitive.I am still struggling to create a car as it is rejecting the designs due to components not fitting whatever chassis I make, despite it all reporting that they fit well when going through the stages of each componenent..."
76561198032060783,Not Recommended,285110,15586613,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,jjalison,"This seems like a fun simple game from the description, however that is not the case. I spent as much time going through the basic tutorial as I do play some games. Worse yet the tutorial is smooth in its process. This game does have potential for the car enthusiast, but for my it was a waste of money."
76561198146163416,Recommended,285110,21808782,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tomislav,good
76561197991662104,Not Recommended,285110,19968881,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,El Presidente,"First of all: I really, really, really want to like this game - and in due time I think I will!I loved the 90's classic Detroit and loved the idea of a present day version.The game, however, crashes before I managed to finnish designing my first car.Every. Damn. Time."
76561198079464187,Not Recommended,285110,10884789,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,lireaper,i do not recomend this game it is fun for a little bit but after three hours of trial and error it gets realy boring and the game is pretty much slider simulator there is not much fun in the design part of the game or seling i would recomend automation game its just moar enjoyable
,Not Recommended,285110,31821141,Posted: 18 May,all,AndHobbes,"Fullscreen mode crashed after alt-tab.  Unable to finish designing first car without UI glitching out and becoming unusable.  Uninstalled and requested refund after half an hour.Early Access is one thing, but apparently this game has been in development since 2010.  It's not going to get much better than this anytime soon."
76561197991178476,Not Recommended,285110,19226052,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,AutumnThree,"I know I am the only one writing a bad review, but at this point in the game I'm nothing but frustrated.  I don't know what the population wants:  trucks, minivans, etc.  I don't know how to look that up if its there.  I also don't know much about cars, but I was hoping there would be some auto help for the actual building of the cars.  It looks like upgrading and managing this game would be tons of fun, but I can't sell cars or even turn a profit.  I've been playing simulation games for years so I am amussing this is due to my basic lack of knowldge of cars.  This is disappointment and I think there does need to be some way around it.  Hints or basic help would be more than welcome as I haven't given up yet!"
,Not Recommended,285110,14411870,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TheCanadiaKiwi,"The user interface is so overly complicated it is impossible to learn the mechanics of the game without a lot of conserted effort.  Even though there is a tutorial system it is complex and doesnt help you acheive the main goal of the game, desigining a car."
,Not Recommended,285110,15858376,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Chaonix,"I can't recommend this one. I loved Detroit, but I found it too easy. I have yet to design a car that is worth anything....because no matter what I do it's one star this and one star that. I would say it's too difficult, but not because of the challenge....but because it makes no sense....."
76561198232309424,Not Recommended,285110,17391525,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,mww4491,"Every time I open the game to try and play it, it crashes. VERY frustrating considering money was spent on it. If there is a fix for that I would really appreciate the knowledge. I was really looking forward to playing this game. thank you"
76561197996216054,Not Recommended,285110,34122124,Posted: 9 August,all,sean_hadfield,"Not worth the effort.Trying to design a car is a really fiddly job, the parts do not snap together, they sort of float next to the car.would not recommend this at all  :("
,Recommended,285110,16875328,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Moe ilia,"great game all around, but the lack of update recently is worrying me considering this is just an early access still"
76561198147133816,Recommended,285110,23429135,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,klbycarr,Every time I try to use the marketing button the game crashes.
76561198060856261,Not Recommended,285110,33025875,Posted: 29 June,all,dead iron,i like the game but it wont start up now and i have reinstalled it twice
76561198005457860,Not Recommended,285110,10399700,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Chrolic,"This is what i have always wanted, and im really happy to fanally being able to live my dream of bulding cars!I had alot of fun, those 5-10 minuts i can play before the game crashes. But because the whole interface is click and drag based (forget using your mousewheel or anything els for that matter, for now, it dosent work) i was only able to get started on designing my first vehicle.The game in this state (early acces, open beta) is at best, unplayable.. Some might even call it rubbish.Dont buy it if you expect gameplay or anything above frustating.The only reason i can see, for buying this game, is to cheer on the creator and hopefully they will hurry up and finishe the game.Other than that, i cant recommend this game... yeti am fairly sure, that it will be great, when its fully done :)So for now, its not worth putting your money into, unless you are really into cars :)"
76561198030862821,Not Recommended,285110,17378576,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Frostbyte,DO NOT BUY!!This game is too complicated where it's not even a game.. it's move a slider here... move a slider there... type in a number here... move a headlight here... press this button.. and wait... WOW...Might be fun if it was a little easier... or less... tedious...Make it simpler.. we play games to play games.. not to work on spreadsheets.. Make the time passing easier.. Development of cars and stock markets more realistic and easier.. I don't know what to say without being too rude.. but this is just too difficult a game to be enjoyable..
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,285110,16403769,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,horsebrackets,"The UI is confusing as hell, the game tosses tons and tons of information and options at you, most of which is completely irrelevant, and none of it is adequately explained. The game is incomprehensibly complex, and also pretty boring. I confess that i havent really played it all that much though,  i've literally just thumbed through the game a few times wondering what it was i was supposed to be doing. Dont get me wrong, I've started a few companies, but I've always run them directly into the ground. I'm not sure if I've ever sold a single car. Not sure i know how to. Not sure i care."
76561197980537384,Not Recommended,285110,13127404,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SvoYCheL,Not playable yet. Crushes a lot. I couldn't even finish the tutorial.
76561198018060811,Not Recommended,285110,10576113,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Guyver_UK,"poorly built lacking a real menu system for the  screen resolution wish i hadn't bothered automation is far better, and more user friendly.... could do with a door seams car grill mesh/radiators exhausts help menu would be nice and some to progress the next day to the next memo....just walk away from this one early access has failed yet again."
76561198087697953,Not Recommended,285110,24745461,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,beyondthesea777,"This game is terrible. I really wanted it to be good but it isnt. At least three times I clicked one button by accident and lost HOURS of design on a car. The layout of the on-screen menus is too cluttered and confusing making it easy to throw away everything without warning. To be fair, they admit in the tutorial that its a hard game to learn with a steeper learning curve than some. Its too bad because I really wanted to enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,285110,22830139,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,stever1212,"couldnt complete creating a car, just kept crashing . got a refund"
76561198007698602,Not Recommended,285110,34297380,Posted: 16 August,all,Person012345,"I spent 20 minutes writing out a proper review, then steam just failed to post it and I lost it.The long and short of what I wrote was that the UI is horrible, obscures even basic information behind menus so that if something goes wrong you won't find out until the project you may be relying on is supposed to complete and you find it's not there. If you've watched a lot of gameplay and are confident you know the ins and outs of how to play the game then it might be for you. Otherwise, well I have spent all 6.5 hours of my play time wrestling the lack of information to try and make something happen.I've tried building cars and have no idea why they succeed or fail, I've tried contracts (since they have specifics to aim for, figured they'd help me get a feel for the game) but have no idea on what basis my competitors designs are better (they're just ""506% better"" or ""218% better"") so I have no idea how to improve my design for the next one and on what variables I should improve beyond guessing. My latest attempt resulted in a profitable car (I have no idea why) and then as my team was working on a variant the game crashed. I reloaded the autosave and continued. When it came time for my variant to be finished, I took a look and it just wasn't there. Did the autosave happen before I designed it? Well, I don't think so, but I'll never actually know and that's another hour of my life down the toilet as I head towards certain bankruptcy.This is why I can't generally recommend the game at this point. Though as I say, if you have spent time going into depth and are confident you understand how the game works, then this doesn't apply.Edit: Having gotten over the learning curve, I still can't really recommend this to the average buyer. It crashes far too much. Give it a little while longer in development. I would say if you have looked at videos and so on, like the look of it and want to support the development then go ahead. Personally I would recommend Automation over this, at least in it's current state. On the downside the main campaign hasn't been implemented in Automation yet so if the tycoon aspect is the main draw AND you really want to support development AND you've seen media and it all looks very appealing to you then this is worth a buy. Otherwise I would advise waiting until it's had a bit more development time."
,Not Recommended,285110,22194173,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Golandetz(NL),game crash at windows 10 in all versions ... damn
76561198006723309,Not Recommended,285110,23492536,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NessyXXX,Looks like a great game if I could play it more than 15 minutes.  Crash after crash.  I gues its early access but for what I paid I would love to play the game.
76561197960803164,Not Recommended,285110,23327073,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MaddogMatty,crashes too much
76561198095804183,Not Recommended,285110,13129337,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Disneyforever,This game is unfinished and unplayable. I can't even get past the tutorial.
76561198088620240,Not Recommended,285110,10686205,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,flemming,"Ill keep it shot and ""sweet"".- Crashes alot- Designing vehicles is almost impossible - hard to place the parts right.- Graphics sucks. Looks like somethin from the 80's.- Gameplay is tedious.- Almost nothing happens. The highlight of every turn is the monthly profit/loss reports.Pretty boring game. Complete waste of money."
76561198070296706,Not Recommended,285110,10383104,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Peacekeeper141,NEEDS IMPROVEMENT i relize it is early accsess but that is no exuse for it to crash every time open the game
76561198163609655,Not Recommended,285110,25597422,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jamesbertmartin,"too difficult to get started and understand when you have accomplished goals. Maybe im a dummy but, should have be much easier."
76561198101023032,Not Recommended,285110,18492078,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,roboticsmarts,"If you want a game where it may be fun and graphicly wise, DONT BUY THIS GAME."
76561197962066015,Not Recommended,285110,22661273,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Vipzer|UK,i love my tycoon games and managment games but this is a joke! requested a refund back!
,Not Recommended,285110,10344383,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Pappan,"Very glitchy, crashes regularly, and the build wizard is absolutely useless.   Also if you want to learn anything about how to play it tells you as soon as you open it that you need to go to an external place to find any info,  just annoying that they couldn't be bothered to include it in the game for the price."
76561198053064884,Not Recommended,285110,11813341,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Consul of Rome,This game is boring and buggy dont buy it
,Recommended,285110,16532267,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Stevie Bear,"Really very enjoyable game and seems to be only getting better as the early access progresses.If you like the Tycoon games of old, but find them simplistic, this is the game for you. Quite nicely combines product development with a fairly realistic economics sim. Still a little buggy, but nowhere near as bad as some of the older reviews seem to suggest. There's quite a friendly community and the developer interacts quite a lot.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,285110,11806841,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"In my previous review (I'll leave it at the bottom for completeness sake) of this game I stated that it was like playing in Excel (or other spreadsheet program), that it was more about filling out forms than playing a game, and that it was probably more for the enthousiast.I must say that over the last 6 months or so the developers have made a real effort to turn this around and it is really beginning to take shape. This is one of those moments where I feel proud to change my recommendation and give this a thumbs up.With a proper (though not complete...yet) in-game tutorial, a world map to speak of with all the bells and whissles you'd expect, a proper R&D facility that actually shows you what you're working on and the addition of an assisted developer mode(s) this game is beginning to look more like a game and less like a beaurocratic haven.Having played through the tutorial, which is basically some pop-ups that ASSIST you rather than a scenario with all sorts of limitations, I actually found myself enjoying the game. The game is in general terms pretty much the same, but the developers have found a way to make it accessible to not only the enthousiast, but for the general tycoon gamer as well.My hope is that the game will be further refined and some more graphical features are added in the future, but as it stands right now it is already a pretty complete game, with global economics, disasters and politics, the ability to choose the amount of detail you want in the development of your products, production and marketing, competitors that are reasonably easy (when playing on easy, like I said, not much of a star in these sorts of games) and it has become addictive to play to me at least.I still didn't manage to do very well, but at least I had (and have) a good time with it.Thank you for proving me wrong, dev's.--- Original review ---Though a great genre for the enthousiast, I found this to be overly complicated and difficult to play to a point where I simply could not find any enjoyment in it whatsoever. Following all tutorials, which at this point are meager and throw you on a track you can hardly get off of, I still found it to be more of a chore than an enjoyable game.I never got around to hitting the race track, since the company keeps going bankrupt long before the first car is actually built, so I won't comment on that. But the design and construction of a car is overly complex and feels more like your filling out forms or playing in Excel than a game. There is no result to the world other than some words in a paper and...more forms...so you can't look out your office window and see your cars roaming the streets. And then there is the problem of some of the boxes being cropped even at the highest resolution...If this is the road the developers stick to, I'd rather install DosBox and play Detroit. I was never able to win that game either but it did provide me with hours of enjoyment.Please note that this is based on the pre-alpha version of the game and lots of changes are yet to come, as well as my recommendation is based on what I like to see; meaning that this kind of game is too detailed that it would only be money well spent by the enthousiast, but in my opinion probably is not for the regular gamer."
,Recommended,285110,17736584,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Gently Benevolent,"I really enjoy this game when I need to chill out, its set at just the right level of complexity to be enjoyable and reminds me of DETROIT from years ago!Hopefully as the Game goes through early access there will be more bodies to choose from but so far I think this is shaping up nicely!"
76561198155394100,Recommended,285110,14200641,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,justinzx92,I love the idea of this game but.... It still needs work. I am not sure the engine works well. Its kinda..impossible.or im just horrible.Example. Start 2 scenarios with exactly the same options and do x# of moves exactly the same and get totally different results.For developer: If you havent already i would maybe suggest adjusting the screen options. SOme of the text got cut off and i couldnt read it. I tried to change the resolutoin and the game crashes and wont restart.  Also maybe make it where you can break down the tutorials into smaller bits. I got stuck in some crazy loop of tutorials and it wouldnt let me proceed properly with out clicking each individual NEXT button. Maybe a skip all in section..sort of option. i admit i made a new game before going through all the tutorials though.
76561198074378530,Recommended,285110,14224008,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,adn27,"Ok, so the graphics (especially for the car building) are not great. But the gameplay is quality and there are so many options and things to do that it more than makes up for it. And it promises to get better as the developer seems to be extremely involved (hats off to him). Get it if you enjoy business sims!"
76561198030089800,Recommended,285110,15754322,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jason,"I endorse for this game because I want the producer to keep working.While not in the best shape at the moment, it is very playable and quite enjoyable.This is one of the best management game I have played in a few years satisfying my needs for both ""management"" and ""automobile fan"" aspects.Please buy this to keep this man working. I want this game to get even better."
76561197981634415,Recommended,285110,14272268,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,fadmiral,"I have played about 10 hours of this game.  I have been wanting a good car building gamesince Detroit & Car Tycoon didn't do the building right.  I have to say that if the devs canmake this game as close to reality as possible, all the car guys will love it.  Maybe seperatethe building & retail sales between the factory you run and dealerships which spring up andsell your product.  The ""assigned"" part of the development phase needs to be more concise.Possible like you as the CEO telling the R&D what parameters you want for an engine. #of cyl,engine type and slider bars for performance, power & etc.  I got stuck for a few hours till I didall the work myself on the advance side.  5 assembly lines is not enough for 3 vehicles, could have sold many more. Just now found out how to do more building of factories & branches.The car design part was redundant as it had no bearing on how I played the main game.Maybe the link between them is still forthcoming.  All in all, the game has real potential !!!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PS. Use ""FORD' as your factory model.  The USA nitwit ruined  ""Government Motors""  ??44??"
76561197983029112,Recommended,285110,16084637,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zesty Zed,"I don't often spend time writing reviews (well, I never spend time doing so), but I feel I have to say something.I am a huge fan of a game called ""Detroit"". Heck, I still play it from time to time. For those of you who don't know, it is old game in which you run a car company, starting in the early 1900's. You must design, manufacture, distribute and advertise cars. Not only that, but you must also research new equipment, new designs, and tailor your cars and prices to each individual market. No big deal, right?Such things as wars, economic recession/depressions, and oil crises all play a part in what kind of products are needed and where. As time went on, and the demand for cars increased, production had to follow suit. Massive amount of money had to be invested in increased factory sizes, not to mention sales offices to help sell your cars in greater quantities.Gear City uses a great many of these concepts, and then takes it a step (or two) further.Like Detroit, there is a bit of a learning curve to figure out how to make your company profitable. The nice thing about Gear City is the difficulty adjustment. If you feel that you're not being challenged, you can modify a new game to suit your needs. Less starting money, greater economic fluctuations, etc, etc. If you have a tough time starting a profitable company, you can make things a lot easier.I wholeheartedly recommend this game, though I would only do so for people who have plenty of patience."
76561198031193606,Recommended,285110,15977465,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Shadowing,"Fun Game, not polished but it is fun. I'd say worth the money but lets just hope that they continue to develop the game because its more certainly in beta stage right now."
,Recommended,285110,16346150,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,#BringBackFeudalism,"This game is perfect for car enthusiasts, or those who love business sims.  Many hours of playtime and impossible to play the same game twice."
76561198009546706,Recommended,285110,14302345,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,soriphius,"Not the most stable early accsess game I have ver played, but not to bad.. just save often. It slows down quite a bit the later you get... by 1970 there are massive amounds of lag whenever you push a button.  They call this a beta game, but it feels much more like an alpha stage game. Beta is supposed to be to sqush bugs, but the game is still missing alot of content, and the vehicle graphics are seriously lacking... (no bumpers? grills?), as are the customization optionss.Even with the faults though, I would still recomend the game, espcially for fans of tycoon genre games. It has a ton of potential, and can only get better."
,Recommended,285110,14208783,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"A pretty fun little game. What it sets out to do, it does well, and reminds me quite a bit of Railroad Tycoon in the sense that you need to worry not just about the creation of of your product (your cars in this game, your lines in Railroad Tycoon) but also worry about things like the stock market, world events, mergers, etc. It's a true business sim. And while there are some rough edges (It is an early access game after all) it is surprisingly well put together for a game of its complexity. Haven't had any of the crashes or bugs that other reviewers have complained of.The only real con I can think of is the UI does need some work. There is a lot of information in this game that you can parse through but you really need to know where to go to get it and thats not always so obvious. In the same vein, a lot of stuff is currently not so well explained out in the basic tutorial, like the effect of prestige on your sales and things like that (though apparently there will be advanced tutorials coming). It's a game that will leave you a bit lost sometimes, but I kind of like the uncertainty of it from time to time. In all, a good game, and one that I hope the devs keep up with until its true shiny completion."
,Recommended,285110,19223834,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,gmanda4th,"Despite being Early Access this game has relatively few bugs.  Major bugs are quickly corrected if a build comes out with one.  The developer continues to add features that enhance the game and make me coming back every few weeks for a long binge on the game.In its current build the game provides deep management experiences running a major auto company from any year you desire.  Historical challenges, while predictable if starting early, add issues to your supply management.  (running a company thorugh WW1 as the US knowing when the the US enters and exits the war, still is difficult.  The contracting system continues to be developed which provides your factories with  production if you can find the sweet spot on your bids.If you dont want to get too deep into the details of deveolping parts, the Assissted builder helps make those parts quicker.  Auto commands allow you to set prices across whole districts (which you can customize).  Only want to raise the price in the western US.  Easy.  Only want to sell your old junker models in Cuba...Easy to set up and do.Out of all my tycoon games, this is the one that I just can't help but come back to every few weeks to put in 8hrs of play time or more."
76561198133352743,Recommended,285110,19663895,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,alouie2005,"CURRENT NEW VERSION 1.19 DATED 12-12-15 : Better but has a bug in that when designing car body, the car is blank ( Blacked out.). Even after trying to change/add color, components, or shape modifications, still blacked out. It makes it very difficult then to design the car body since you can't see anything. Noticed this on the previous 1.18 beta also ( Hope to see a Fix soon.)."
76561198009214171,Recommended,285110,20254446,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ville544,"One of the best games I've played for a long time.  Takes me back to the golden era of gaming in the 90's, aslo chidhood :("
76561198032675042,Recommended,285110,24161375,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tel-Amarth,I was having a problem with the game crashing before I could even get a vehicle into production. I chalked the game up as a loss and forgot about it. I recently re-visited the game hoping that it was more stable now and I had the exact same problem. The game seemed simple so I was trying to run it off my laptops integrated graphics card because using my nvidia card produces a ton of heat. I tried switchin to my Nvidia card and then the game would not load at all. It just ghosted out every time I started to run it. I almost gave up on the game again. Thats when I decided to actually look at the  discussion board about crashes. I literally just clicked on a single link and the problem was instantly solved.Playing the game. Starting in 1900 I was able to dominate the U.S. market with a  pickup truck. I was able to adjust various aspects of the trucks design to create a cheap but powerful truck with a rough and uncomfortable ride. Manufacturing out of Oklahoma city I was able to undercut my competitors price point and still ship out to every major city in the U.S.  I'm looking forward to really digging in to the game. There are a ton of intricate details to manipulate and they seem to produce a wide range of options that could generate succesful outcomes. I've played other games that provide lots of micromanagement options but if you adjust any of those options outside of a narrow range it produces disaster. That doesn't seem to be the case with this game.I'm enjoying the game immensely.
76561197962100857,Recommended,285110,24249116,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,six-P-,"Amazing automobile business simulation game. It's not for everyone - this is a customziation, design and spreadsheet game. I love customization and design, and I'm ok with spreadsheets, and I really like learning about different parts of cars - frames, steering axles, suspension, engine types. There's something beautiful about designing a best-selling car, planning your expansion overseas in terms of dealerships and factories, deciding on your marketing budget, determining when to go public, balancing selling cars with securing contracts, all while juggling and surviving depressions and world wars. Simply, a one of a kind game."
,Recommended,285110,19246564,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DuffBeer,"Been playing for five hours straight, I had some issues getting it to run on my old computer, all it took was updating some drivers on my graphics card. The developer answered my email in just minutes, and he was very helpful. The game has so many options, I've been building 1,200hp racing pickup trucks and Corvette competitors. Started to branch out into major cities in North America with a healthy racing program internationally. So in depth, addicting with so many options to choose from. If you've ever wanted to make your own cars or run a car company, this is the game for you. Tycoon fans beware, this game will be up there with TTD someday. The game is like Hearts of Iron but with cars instead of armies.Edit after putting over 100 hours into it: Still a great game, if you ever have any issues, the creator responds to email really quickly, and he always goes the extra mile in order to help you play the game. They take suggestions for new content, and it's being updated constantly, it seems like once a month you get a major update that makes the game better. I wish more developers would put forth that kind of effort for their games."
,Recommended,285110,23823500,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rilder,"An amazingly fun and interesting tycoon game that just draws you in for hours trying to manage your car company, with a great deal of freedom in how you play and try to prosper. Even if you have no interest in cars you'll find yourself staring at the spreadsheets of the R&D area trying to maximize your designs to create good vehicles."
76561198031128251,Recommended,285110,20903519,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Old Raynbeard,"Great game if you love the idea of creating your own car company, lines of cars or trucks or vans, variations of engines from single cylinder to quad turbo V16's, or even go steam or electric power! Variations of chassis, big, small, heavy, light, the front and rear suspension etc... Variations of gearboxes, few gears, many gears, manual, auto, overdrive, limited slip diff. etc...Make them cheap, slow and nasty. Make them overpriced, over-engineered and over-powered. You could even make them destinctly average with a beige paintjob.Manage where they are produced, and how they were made i.e. high speed, or high quality. Which cities they are sold across the world.Manage advertising, whether that's the type of advertising i.e. TV or newspapers, or targeted for specific vehicles or cities, or broad scale standardized regional advertising.Buy/sell components from/to other companies or local government/military departments, industries and services.Participate in motorsports by supplying funding, cars and engines. See if your classic beige compact has what it takes to be a rally car, or make a stripped out, tuned up variation specifically for racing and selling at 3x the price!Graphics aren't great, and if you have a phobia of silders, probably best to move on. It's an early access game so you've gotta expect a few bugs and typo's, but the dev seems to always be fixing, adjusting, improving and introducing things. New versions don't like old version save games, but you can set your build back a version, so you can keep using them till the next update.The micromanagement is great however, there are so many things to adjust and fiddle with, and the quantity of data on everything is great also.The fact that I can design and build 2000 bhp supercars that do 350 mph in 1970, or try and make a very loose equivalent of the Model T that is over 5m long, 2m wide, ridiculous radial aircraft engine, weigh well over 2t and cost $100,000 in 1905, and maybe even sell one or two.You can make serious cars, for serious people, too... But someone, somewhere, wants a quad turbo 10.8l W18 stationwagon with diesel and 3 speed auto options, and you could have the car just for them!"
76561198127299411,Recommended,285110,18903101,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,cameronbayliss,verry GD Good Value Can do With More Citys And A Longer Campaign Then 1900-2040 and more options As the ManagerOther Then this Its a Verry Good GameC.J.B
,Recommended,285110,31862418,Posted: 20 May,all,Vertibird,"This game is extremely deep economic simulation. There are so much details about your company, other companies, producing cars. To produce cars you need to design chassis, engine, gearbox and the vehicle. Each part has lots of sliders to adjust, you can also add properties to a part ( who doesnt want reverse gear in a car:) ) . I can write here for hours and still cant give enough detail about the game. In short you produce cars and manage your company. Competition is heavy, producing nice cars arent enough. You need to convince people to buy your cars instead of hundreds of other companies' cars. There are many songs in game that changes as the years pass. The atmosphere of the game is great. It makes you play more and more. Developer is constantly updating the game, reading the forums and helping everyone. This game is a hidden gem. I dont write reviews about everygame I play but I would feel very bad if I dont write one about this one. Outstanding economic simulation game we have here! 10/10, would buy again."
76561198063540929,Recommended,285110,31760523,Posted: 14 May,all,MediaevalRocket,"I have been playing this game since August of 2016 with version 1.20 SP3 and there have been large improvements in the User Interface and Stability since, especially in the test builds. The current testing build as of writeing is version 1.22 RC 1. The current User Interface (UI), although still complicated, is way better than the old UI used up untill version 1.21. The improvements in stability have been great too because when I first bought this game it would crash every 20 minutes. However, after a graphics card update and numerous testing build updates, version 1.22 RC 1 crashed only after a little over 6 hours of running. That is a HUGE improvement.There have also been many settings and things added to the game since I've started playing. For example, new company logos, maps, and increased mod support have been added amoung various other things, like the ability to turn off marketing and the ability to choose what ever year you want to start in, between the years of 1900 to 2019.Also, the developer is easy to contact and can be very helpful when trying to resolve issues and has been of great help to me."
,Recommended,285110,25591786,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,stankiem,"EDIT:  I am changing this to a recommend.  I watched some youtubers play this and I also went to the beta branch and I am now hooked to this game.  The new reports system is great.  And while the UI still needs some work and the menu graphics are very rough, this game is now playable and fun to me which is all that's important.  I love challenges and this game delivers!Previous review:  This one was a hard game to not recommend, and I am keeping it in hopes it gets better.  The tycoon aspect of this game is great, there is depth and features galore.  But I just cannot get into it because of the UI and graphics.  Everything is hard to find, menus are just too full of text, not enough visual feedback and the artwork is very hard on the eyes IMO.  Looks like it was well made in 1995  =(  The important buttons are mixed in with unimportant ones all over the place and you cannot easily find things like your bottom line and ""is my car done researching yet?""It just needs a thorough graphics and UI pass and make some UI interactions easier to understand and this game will be great!  Even the car body designer isn't bad graphically honestly.  Currently I can't recommend it though.  Will give this one another try next year some time, can't wait to see improvements."
