user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002660366,Not Recommended,285190,34158957,Posted: 10 August,all,Manucharyan,"DOW III was always going to struggle with hype. The third child in a wildly expansive and changing series, DOW III realistically faced two possible options. Recreate DOW II and face the cries of unimaginative, or recreate the series (for a third time) and howls of betrayal.Relic have gone for the latter. This is not a bad thing. I loved the original DOW, but the closer squad tactics and (fairly thin) loot system stole my heart. DOW III sets it's stall out early as a massive army RTS, so sacrificing some of the customisation and RPG elements is reasonable. Sad, but reasonable. Relic's marketing shot themselves by advertising level-up heroes, which is technically true. But Heroes in DOW III are purely unique powerful units. In DOW II you could choose to make your commander a glow-y sword wielding badass or give him an adorable little blaster with obscure backstory neatly included in the description. In DOW III, you choose between giving your infantry or armoured units a buff. It's very cold, calculating and strategic. If you do not see that being a problem, then perhaps this latest DOW is for you, but it's hard not to be disappointed if you had fondness for DOW II.I tried my hardest to shrug off these initial views and fling myself into the campaign. After all, the game looks gorgeous. You can see that for yourself in the screenshots, and if that doesn't impress you, well then I don't know what you want. The story is pretty bland. Endless, run and secure this point. Now you have this unit, use their special feature to take THIS point. This is fine so far as tutorial missions go, but this ritual continues on far too long. This is exacerbated by the fact you are forced to skip between the three playable races meaning you don't get follow your favourites and ensuring there are constantly new units for you to get to grips with.What I could not shake is the lack cover. Another feature ditched from DOW II, the only cover provided are very conspicuous shield domes that give you a flat defensive boost if you're in them. Direction, equipment and abilities don't have an impact. This areas are also very sporadic which means much of the game will be attack moving into fog and trying to micro your abilities when the inevitable skirmish break out. It's seems this has been done to facilitate the larger armies and Giant units. It unfortunately makes your route choices seem less impactful. You strategy is judged by your ability management first and composition and position a distant second and third. This again, might appeal to you, in fact I have a strong inkling who this game was made for.Looking at the gaming market, the success of the arena mode in DOW II, it seems Relic has made DOW III in order to tap into the competitive gaming scene. As someone with more hours in Dota than I’ve had in woman, the feel of DOW III UI is eerily familiar. The very robust match-making, greater EXP gains in multiplayer and lack of clear customisation of units is all very reminiscent of Starcraft or the like. The focus is the multiplayer, and ‘matches’ are meant to be fast paced mob charges with spammed production queues and mastery of research timings. I can’t blame Relic for this change of focus, E-sports is a natural bread-winner. It’s not for me, however. It seems a shame that the richness of Warhammer 40k lore is being pushed to the side for a competitive experience. The game, without an established/competitive pro scene, seems very sparse and bland.Ultimately DOW III is middle of the road. A 5 or 6 out of 10 depending on your preferences. Middle of the road for a ‘AAA’ title isn’t good enough. The fact that Relic did not make their intention to make a simpler competitive game is the biggest mistake. Let your audience prepare themselves for your new direction, rather than hoping they’ll stick around for the Orks.While there are positives which might be what you’re looking for; it was for me, as a series fan, a very sad experience and waste of money."
76561197970298866,Not Recommended,285190,31778285,Posted: 15 May,all,Malecite,"After being warned by 2 people not to buy it I did anyways... because its Relic and hey I have every other Relic game. Well unfortunately this isn't every other Relic game. The best part of it is actually the intro video.-Campaign is HORRIBLE. Like the worst I have ever played. It's linear, uninteresting, and on Hard, frankly unplaytested. You will have no reason to ever replay it, but you have to play it on hard to get the stupid skulls. Prepare to hate yourself as you grind your way through it.-Multi has a progression system that literally prevents you from trying other armies because everything costs skulls and has arbitrary exp gating. It doesn't fit at all with how they designed the game, you should have everything unlocked from the start. I feel like this is the biggest turn off to casual players, it has a freemium grind system paired with a premium game price. Ridiculous.-Gameplay in multi is either 1V1 where you instantly lose due to someone with superior micro, which is fine, not my cup of tea. But there really isn't any back and forth, you will get utterly trounced. 3V3 is a goddamned turtle fest until escalation point 3 where the game explodes into a total blob fest, with the biggest blob winning. Oh and throughout all of this elites are basically gods that shred line troops, giving them almost 0 value. Unit preservation was always a big staple of Relic games, but nope thats gone. Fodder troops and OP elites, thats what you get.Sadly the game is already dying, and its harder and harder to find matches. The player count is now well below even COH2 which is a 5 year old title.Wait for a sale, or just don't bother. I don't know who these devs are but frankly this is a game that was developed for a fanbase that didn't want it, by a dev team that was completely clueless. It feels like they eviscerated every part of what made their studio great and tried to copy starcraft with a DOW style paintjob.[Update June 5th]Okay so the game has been out a month now and here are the changes:Relic upped the resource requisition rate which effectively killed the entire early game. Matches now go from 0 to full blob explosion in roughly 10 minutes. Where matches used to last 30 -40 minutes, the average mach time is now sub 20. The current meta is to spam hordes of OP devastators wtih the recently super buffed space marines. With the increased req rate the value of line units has degraded to basically completely worthless, and you will just be attack moving your blob forward as you go. Lose an entire army? No big because you can rebuild it in minutes. Want strategic depth? Why would you do that when you can just build infinite amounts of artillery units to try and counter the infantry blobs. The game play is such a mess right now.Eldar were nerfed into the ground completely, even top tier eldar player Cataclaw is complaining that the eldar are no longer viable competitively.Match making now takes on average 10 - 20 minutes to get a game due to the fact that as of an hour ago less than 800 people were online and of those 800 people you can bet some of them were slogging there way through the unbearable campaign.I find it difficult to comprehend some of the changes that were made and the length of time it took to make them. It honestly feels like relic listened only to the feedback of the most vocal (read as biased) top tier players and made changes, some of which are baffling.The player base is almost non existent outside of weekends, and the patch had almost no effect at bringing people back into the game.Please please do not buy this game unless you are getting it for under $20, and even if you do purchase it be prepared to wait A LONG TIME for any kind of competitive multiplayer match. I can't wait to see what the player numbers look like 2 months from now if the community lost 95% of its players in 1.[Update July 10th]Relic released a public apology for the state of the game a couple weeks ago and the new ""annihilation mode"", which to their credit is actually pretty good and caters more to the fans of DOW1 & 2. Annihilation offers both a turret doctrine and some changes to the power core maps, and an additional 1 map.Unfortunately I don't know if this, or any future update can save the game because I tried logging in a few minutes ago and it took 20 minutes in waiting for a 3 V 3 automatch game and there were only 2 custom games available in the lobby. Unless you want to play against bots im afraid this title is officially dead and in the ground. The current average player count numbers are 800 people in off peak, and barely over a 1000 peak. It remains to be seen if Relic will continue to support the title given both its critical and financial failure.Also fun fact: Relic has noticed the overwhelming amount of criticism of their game and has set their moderator ""Gorb"" to full damage control mode. Literally any post criticizing the game is getting instantly locked and deleted on both the official and the steam forums. Pretty sad when half the posts on your forum and locked for discontent, also doesn't help the fans opinion of the title or the developers.[Update July 28th]Relics recent patch added some elite skins to the game for free (yay!) and did nothing to address the overwhelming criticism of the deplorable balance introduced 2 patches ago. This is nothing new with Relic as they seem to really struggle with balancing their titles.The player count has somehow continued to plummet and now sits at around an average of 600 players at peak time daily, which is absolutely brutal. Most of the time you can see more players in older DOW games and indie titles, its would be funny if it weren't so sad.The playerbase has dropped to the point where it is actually impossible to find matches as the game seems to still employ a region filter. There was a post on the official forum of someone actually sitting for over 3 hours in match making looking for a game. Again i will reiterate: if you want to get this game, get it for $20 or less because you will be playing with bots 95% of the time."
,Not Recommended,285190,31694886,Posted: 11 May,all,Knyteshade,"The best I can say for this game is simple:  It looks like Warhammer 40k.  I like that, so it’s a good point.  But is it a “Dawn of War” game?  No, it’s not.  It’s just another RTS.  It departs from the legacy of Dawn of War and returns to the way twitch-gaming.  Is there something to like about it?  Sure, there is… but there’s NOTHING to like about it in way of what I would expect from the Dawn of War series.DoW1 was more combat-focused than Starcraft, which was why I loved it... but I greatly favored DoW2, because it emphasized tactical play, which I prefer.  My review centers around this idea.Most of what made Dawn of War great is not present here. No unit XP/Veterancy. There’s no destructible terrain… there’s almost no cover system, let alone the dynamic and rich cover system of DoW2.  Unit and insignia customization is worse in every way, except for the selection of colors.  Custom, Player-made insignias/banners have been intentionally disallowed.  There's no mixed wargear among squads. The point ticker system has been scrapped, and replaced with a MOBA-like kill objective on a single building.  This disourages tactical play and the relevance of holding territory, while encouraging cannon-fodder play.  Unit preservation, while helpful, is not nearly as emphasized as it should be.  Space Marines are significantly weaker than they should ever be in WH40k lore, because of an over-emphasis on elite units, with all else being “cannon-fodder”.  The extreme fragility of all non-elite units (including vehicles), the lack of a dynamic cover and damage system, and the sheer simplicity and irrelevance of so many gameplay-related design points, spits in the face of tactical play.Most (if not all) possibilities for ""friendly fire damage"" have been removed.  You can literally drop an orbital strike on yourself and your allies and take no damage.  The same goes for every other AoE possibility in the entire game, that I personally remember as of today.  This ""feature"" is not worthy of any ""tactical"" game of merit.The models and animations for the elite units are amazing, with clearly a lot of effort put into it.  In contrast, the models and animations for the common units leave much more to be desired... even seeming cartoonish and cheesy compared to DoW2.  With such an emphasis placed on elite units, and the sheer size of them, the field of view feels too ""zoomed out"" in order to accommodate viewing the huge elites... while infantry feel like tiny insignificant specs on the battlefield.  This removes the sense of in-your-face grit that should epitomize Warhammer.The music, the sound effects, the voices, are mostly inferior in feel to those from DoW2, in the sense that they don’t invoke the same feeling of inspiration and glory.  One exception is the Ork voices.  The Orks have more character, voice-wise in this game.  But that's about it.  Space Marine character was definitely degraded across the board.  The amazing graphics of DoW3 don’t make up for the lack of character of the underlying quirks and gameplay dynamics.For the record:  Some of the pre-release marketing hype about DoW3 was true.  The selection of colors available in the army-painter is impressive.  It's one of the few true improvements here.  It's too bad the rest of the army painter is worse. :)  It increased your maximum army size to something in between DoW1&2.  Yet I disagree with this decision because it encourages a ""cannon-fodder"" play dynamic.  They created more boxed-in and claustrophobic maps than either of the two previous games.  Instead of having a large sprawling field of territory to explore, hold, and battle for... you have a tiny, fake-feeling e-sports arena to play on.Do I still Like DoW3 despite all this?  Yes, and no.  I like it because it’s not Starcraft, and because I like Warhammer.  I don’t like it because it's a debacle to everything that the Dawn of War series stood for.  Do I still play it?  Yes… but not because it’s a Dawn of War game… it isn’t.  It’s not Starcraft… that’s basically the summary of why I still play it.  But, in truth, go back to Dawn of War 2, or Company of Heroes 1, if you want a decent tactical game.For those interested in the REAL reason why Relic titles have gone down the tubes, please read the following history of Relic:Relic was founded in 1997.  Their first releases (Homeworld and Impossible Creatures), from 1999 and 2003, were reasonable successes.  These were published under Sierra Entertainment.  This was Relic’s “Pre-DawnOfWar” Era.In early 2004, publisher THQ acquired Relic.  It was under this publisher that Relic built its most popular, successful, & genre-defining RTS games… notably Dawn of War 1, Company of Heroes 1, and Dawn of War 2… all of which offered a well-designed and refreshing reprieve for gamers who were unsatisfied with typical “Warcraft, Starcraft, CommandNconquer” type of RTS games.  While fans of StarCraft and its ilk were invited to play, Relic did not cater to this crowd… but rather forged a different path, catering to an entirely different model of gameplay and rigidly refusing to water-down its games with twitchy gameplay mechanics.This departation from the “twitchy and hyper” model of RTS gameplay is what defined the new “Real Time Tactical” genre that set apart Relic’s games from the twitchier RTS games of the past… and stood as a sanctuary in an otherwise chaotic landscape of twitch-gaming debauchery against intelligent gameplay.After these three smash success titles, publisher THQ found itself struggling financially, and faced with bankruptcy.  Though I’m unfamiliar with the reasons for this financial struggle, I could postulate that intelligent gameplay simply isn’t as popular as twitch gameplay, and thus not as lucrative, despite the loyal and almost cult-following that Relic had by more methodical and tactically-minded gamers.January 2013 revealed that THQ had dealt with its financial problems by selling Relic to Sega for $26Million USD.  THIS is the marker in time, when Relic games, as fans had come to know and love them, began to go down in the annals of disappointment and mediocrity.During this time of bankruptcy and selling out to Sega, many of the original Relic development team members had left Relic for new jobs elsewhere.  New “young bucks” were brought in by Sega to replace missing members of the gimped Relic development team.  This ""new"" Relic team, under direction from Sega to take a development approach of “lucrative” titles, (meaning twitch-style e-sports, as opposed to fan-demanded tactical simulations) is what ultimately caused the debacles of blasphemy that were Company of Heroes 2, and Dawn of War 3.Unfortunately, with the original Relic team scattered to the four winds, and Sega pulling all the strings, the days of the glory of Relic are likely gone forever.  The Relic we knew and loved lives on only in name, while Sega and the new Relic crew work only to tarnish its legacy.After Sega bought Relic from THQ, they even updated the starting splash-screen of Dawn of War 2 (4 years after its release), to clearly display “SEGA”… despite that Sega, and the new Relic team had little to no involvement in its development.  This was very deceptive to “new” players who first discovered Dawn of War 2 after THQ sold Relic to Sega.  It tricked people (without words) into believing that Sega would make a new game comparable to the legacy of Dawn of War 1 and 2… which clearly has been totally disproven by now.As of the release of Dawn of War 3, Sega and the new Relic team have completely lost my future loyalty to the legacy of Relic titles.  I knew that DoW3 was likely to be a similar debacle to CoH2 and I simply didn’t want to believe it.  I probably will continue riding the DoW3 horse for a few years, if only for sake of nostalgia… but I will think twice, or even three times before I ever trust another Sega or Relic release ever again."
,Not Recommended,285190,32048324,Posted: 29 May,all,General Plastro,"After more than 80hours sinked on this, i can safetly say its an extremely dumbed down game. It shows a lot of cut corners along with misguided game design that lead to this trainwreck.Voice Acting, Animations, Textures, etc. They all manage to look and sound worse than DoW2 and DoW1 (in some aspects).Campaign is the best part of the game and even so, its pretty average at best (Gabriel Angelos atroucious voice actor doesnt help one bit). Its comparable to the original DoW1 campaign, but it falls short of that due to said boring voiceworkWith regards to MP mechanics, its ""DoW For Dummies"", no cover system, no unit veterancy system, no oportunity for early game harassment or victory.Hero units dominate the battlefield from mid-game onwards, your other units, unless deployed en masse (huge blobs) can do jack squat against said heroes.Everyone is forced into this really formulaic ""Power Node"" gameplay, which resembles a MOBA-esque game. Instead of allowing players to define map chokepoints, the map itself does that for us, showing the problems with this Top-Down design.Sadly i cannot see patches fixing this game, its problems arent technical and the game is pretty much dead already. The Gambit that Relic/Sega tried to do in making DoW3 a e-sport has failed and we just end up with a pretty lacklust DoW game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31800937,Posted: 17 May,all,LittleMikey,Did you ever think that witnessing the death of Command & Conquer as one of the best strategy game franchises was something you wanted to do again?Then this is the game for you!
,Not Recommended,285190,31802721,Posted: 17 May,all,I Poke Zombies With Spoons,"The TL;DR is that at £40, this game is insultingly bad and not worth the money. DO NOT BUY IT FOR £40/$60. Had I bought it at £20 I might have been able to forgive some major issues.As someone who loved both DoW 1 and DoW 2 I was skeptical Relic could make a game that managed to be ""the best of both worlds"", as they were trying to claim. It's definitely not. It ends up being the worst of both worlds.Gone are the fun and interesting large army mechanics from DoW 1 -- replaced with three factions that largely play the same. They've even managed to make base building some how worse than the lacklustre options in DoW 1.Gone are the fun and interesting wargear drops and character progression for your heroes in DoW 2.Instead, Relic have managed to make a shell of a game that is void of interesting mechanics and indeed, any replayability what-so-ever. Coming from someone who replayed both DoW 1, it's expansions, and DoW 2 and it's expansions 5+ times each, I cannot see myself returning to this game.So, so disappointing."
,Not Recommended,285190,34330790,Posted: 18 August,all,sp_oky,"*New item in your Steam inventory*50% off Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War IIIBuysInstallsCriesRefundWith a heavy heart - after being a long time DoW fan and an even longer fan of the table top game; this game gets a hard pass.*Edit - I know I have barely an hour logged on this game, though if you aren't going to like a game, or if there are severe enough flaws, then you will know this within the first hour of playing. This was one of those instances.  While the voice acting was good, it was bland and uninspired. While the graphics are good, the gameplay is flat and seems meaningless. New game mechanics are generally accepted by most, though not when a key game mechanic is taken out (one which the majority of us loved) and replaced with something that feels cheap and pointless to take advantage of.These new mechanics may inspire some close multiplayer experiences, and is probably good for that setting, but it doesn't work in the campaign nor in a vs. against AI. The thrill of bringing up a sizeable force to a relic, fighting your way to it, grabbing cover, picking your cover wisely, and then holding that point using a smoldering hulk of a predator tank.. well, that's just no longer there.The past games ENCOURAGED different playstyles, in DoW3 there is one playstyle, one formula, one way. Sure, there's different units, but whereas in DoW2 and 1, you could be proficient not using assualt marines at all, having overwhelming firepower (which is the core of Warhammer) could suffice.I may not have the time some think is needed to accurately critique a game, but I know what worked, I know what I liked, and I know what kept me playing for hours on end.This game just doesn't have it.If you've never played Dawn of War or Dawn of war 2, then you might like this game.If you have, then you may feel robbed of what this game could have been."
,Not Recommended,285190,34325509,Posted: 18 August,all,GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD COMMUNISM,"So mediocre that they have to give out 50% off coupons to people that own other Dawn of War games in hopes that this game sells more.As a ""veteran Dawn of War 3 player"" informed that I was a little child trying to be hero by giving this game a bad revivew, I am now expanding this review.This review will be split into three different parts:- Lore (how respectful the game is to the Warhammer 40k franchise and it's lore, how it holds up on it's own etc)- Gameplay (how the game plays, explaining and looking at each race respectively, looking at their elites etc etc)- How it holds up as a Dawn of War or 40K GameLore:As it didn't let me type it whole here, here's a link to my entire summarization of the lore:https://sta.sh/024k6h51bp5qNow, onto the problems I have.- Many things are left unexplained. Such as why Gorgutz allied with Gitstompa and became his underling when he is MUCH BIGGER than him. The only explanation you can give to this is...Gorgutz wanted to.- Jain Zar, instead of telling the Eldar to stop following Kyre, just told Macha to ♥♥♥♥ them up if she had to. Yes, let's just murder our nearly extinct species for no reason! Yay!- Speaking of Kyre, why the ♥♥♥♥ was he allowed to use a ULTHWE spirit stone for the♥♥♥♥♥♥he was doing in the first place? How didn't the other Eldar just shank him for Space Elf Heresy?- Gabriel and Diomedes survived being basically in the middle of an explosion and being stuck in the middle of Orks and Eldar respectively. I don't care how good you are or how good your Terminator Armor is, those this would've definetly killed you. Hell, even GORGUTZ survives the explosion and he was in the MIDDLE of it! He doesn't even have armor, did his BICEPS save him?!- Holt did not allow Valrock Keep to reinforce becase...? No reason, no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. He was just unreasonably evil the whole game. Inquisitors are evil, yes, but they are not THAT ♥♥♥♥ing evil.- Why is a Bloodthirster using trickery? What happened to Khorne being the honest and most straight-forward Chaos God?- How did Gorgutz even land on Starfort Charon? It's a STARFORT, a simple craft shouldn't be able to land on it!Campaign itself is pretty fun though, although the lore is all over the place.GAMEPLAY:Dawn of War 3 takes elements from other games and mashes them together while not really checking if they synergise well with eachother. Let me explain what each thing comes from.Lanes: From literally any MOBA you can play, some maps are just lanes between you and the enemy player. Most maps have just one single line that is the easiest to take between yourself and your enemy, which just makes this GREAT cause it literally means fighting any enemy other than the one infront of you is a recipe for disaster as they can just go past your defenseless lane and kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥ To put it simply, you are forced to dedicate yourself to one lane at all time and should definetly only send units to other lanes in small number and keep high numbers to YOUR lane. Stratum P2-8 is a pretty good map, though.Power Core: This was the only gamemode that was in when Dawn of War 3 first came out, and is literally just a MOBA gamemode. Hell, if we take off the ""bases"" and give everyone a single hero that will respawn at their power core upon death, it will literally be a MOBA without items and with Space Marines and Orks. Power Core is also a bad design for a RTS as it means you also have to dedicate yourself to taking down the Power Core. Hell, before turrets were added, people would just build their bases on the Power Core to defend the ♥♥♥♥ing thing! This also gives the middle lane players a sense of dread and unreasonable responsibility as the enemy can just rush through middle lane and take everything out and THEY will be blamed for it. And when you get to the power core, it just becomes a grind-fest of just rushing in units and having them deal damage to it.Squads: Squads are a welcome return, although you cannot reinforce them on the move now which is okay in my opinion. However, you cannot kit your squads with more than one weapon and cannot pick more than one of the same weapon on a squad. Which is pretty meh in my opinion cause the fun of having squads was to kit them with different♥♥♥♥♥♥and make them special. But then again, Tacticals suck and Assault spam beats all so who cares anyway.Elites: I actually find this pretty nice! Although they are easy wiping machines early game (If I have 3 Assaults and you have 3 Assaults for example, me calling in a hero means I WON) and are super powerful because they need to be, I like variety of elites you can choose even though it isn't that big of a variety. My problem is probably just the fact that some of them NEED to be really powerful in order to be worth your while.Now, onto the races.Space Marines: They are supposedly the generic race, turned into the overwhelming infantry and hard-hitting vehicles race. Most matches consist of using Scouts and Assaults and spamming Drop Pods into huge groups of enemies and killing them that way. Tacticals, the staple of any Space Marine army, are hot garbage and if you use them you might aswell be crippling yourself big time. The only vehicles you will see yourself using are probably Predators and the occasional Dreadnaught, as all the others are either hot garbage or Assaults are doing their job better.Orks: They are actually very fitting to their lore, being the balls-deep rushing in and melee-orianted race. Despite what you may think, Ork Boyz are not the staple of your army. Trukks are. Yep, those mediocre piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥are now your best weapon possible simply because dropping units out of them stuns the enemy. This creates a scenario where nearly every Ork you see is being plopped out of a Trukk and is then murdering the enemy while they are stunned.Eldar: This time, I feel like they aren't as OP as pre-Soulstorm Eldar, shocking! Eldar are the hard-hitting, wimpy race of the bunch. They, like earlier Dawn of War games, still rely on Fleet of Foot but this time buildings provide this rather than just the click of a button. I did not play Eldar much as they are my least favorite race, but I have seen people play and from what I can tell they are also just unit spamming and winning. I may very well be wrong on his one, though.HOW DOES THIS HOLD UP TO PREVIOUS DAWN OF WARS?:This, is NOT a Dawn of War game. It is an...okay RTS on it's own but NOT a Dawn of War game. Compared to Dawn of War 2 which kept a lot from the other games, this is just not it. This is too new, too DIFFERENT from other Dawn of War games to be Dawn of War. I am not being a grumpy little bugger and saying ""waaa it is not literally dawn of war 1!!!"", in fact I would gladly accept change as it is new things to learn. But this is just too different from Dawn of War 1 and 2. Base building is half-cooked, it is too distant from the Company of Heroes style to be like Dawn of War 2 and there are simply just too many new things added in to call it Dawn of War 3. If this was named ANYTHING ELSE, I feel like it'd have gotten better reception from the community.Overall, the game is just meh on it's own and very...bad and too different as a Dawn of War game.Everything is either okay or bad with a little bid of good mixed in, making this a mixed bag on it's own and really bad compared to other Dawn of War games.As I mentioned at the begininning, it is so mediocre that they have to give out 50% coupons.OH, and Multilaser lascannons. Thanks, C. S. Goto."
76561198058769619,Not Recommended,285190,33161622,Posted: 2 July,all,Xilo,Dawn of War GOTY Including Winter Assault: 24 hours (Steam hours. Owned it on disk. Pretty much all I played when it launched)Dawn of War Dark Crusade: 78 hoursDawn of War Soulstorm: 108 hoursDawn of War 2 + Chaos Rising: 233 hoursDawn of War 2 Retribution: 126 hours.Dawn of War 3: 11 hours.This isnt me low-key bragging about hours. This is me showing you the difference in the amout of fun I had with the games. Dawn of War 3 isnt the dawn of war I've loved since I was a teenager. Simply put its not Dawn of War. While I apperciate developers trying something new this isnt the game it once was and theyve succsessfully ruined it for a long time fan. If youre a huge 40k fan then it might be worth a buy when its on sale but be aware it feels NOTHING like the Dawn of War. It simply has 40k units in an rts setting.
76561198064899183,Not Recommended,285190,33712931,Posted: 21 July,all,Toxiklown,at least we can see which reviewers sell their ratings...
76561198007547050,Not Recommended,285190,33685458,Posted: 20 July,all,sociopath21,"I was hoping for a continuance of everything that made Dawn of War 2 fun. Leveling up my units, mixed campaign with various objective, tactical cover and maybe, just maybe, access to all three factions for all of the above. It's been said many times already by many people all the ways this game has been a let down and I'm disappointed enough to throw my fuel on now smoldering coals of this wreck. From the extended tutorial disguised as a gutted campaign to the almost exclusive focus on multiplayer this has been my shining neon beacon of reasons to take care when prepurchasing a game. Money not well spent. Buy yourself DoWII and relive old glories instead."
,Not Recommended,285190,32187125,Posted: 4 June,all,Alien Boogaloo,Exterminatus. Let us not speak of this heresy ever again.
,Not Recommended,285190,32419303,Posted: 14 June,all,Zeeorc,This is not a Dawn of War game. They tried too much to please the general audiance they betrayed the fans and killed the franchise. Don't buy this game.
76561198006522379,Not Recommended,285190,32423010,Posted: 14 June,all,Fulgrim,dawn of war 1 = epiccakedawn of war 2 took some getting use to but still gooddawn of war 3 = pooop all over the first 2 in a bad way. iam sad to say as a die hard 40k fan with over 150 warhammer books and every game they have made i cannot recomend.
76561198011364308,Not Recommended,285190,32829722,Posted: 26 June,all,momscookies,"As a major fan of the first 2 DoW games, I just can't bring myself to recommend this game. It's like a cheap knock-off of DoW 1 mixed with a even cheaper knock off of LoL. The campaign ultimately accomplishes nothing. The unit pool is hilariously miniscule. Some mainstream units are locked away as junk champion units.The game is just a mess. It's painfully obvious that the game was deisgned this way to sell more DLC. I honestly hope it backfires and this game fails miserably. I'd rather never see another DoW game again, than see this obvious money scheme succeed."
76561198055609373,Not Recommended,285190,33710275,Posted: 21 July,all,ElusiveQuebec,"I've Played the whole Dawn of war series and I can say The first Was focused on base building and a little unit micromanagement. The second excelled at the unit micromanagement aswell as hero management and unfortunetly got rid of base building. This game tries to give you both and fails at it not only is the base building bland and basic but so is the units. There is not as much unit custimization as DOW2 the heros are now these ""elite units"" and the whole thing with heros having certain perks is replaced with ""doctrines"" which can be good but also bad depending on what you equipped. I was hoping with dawn of war 3 it would bring together the base builing from one and take the unit management from 2 which would make a intresting RTS. But instead it disipoints me you can practically just unit spam to victory which has no stratagy at all as long as you have more points you have to do really poorly to not win in the previous dawn of wars making a comeback was Possible now its just get the points and unit spam it all to hell. If i wanted to just unit spam for a RTS i'd play Rise of nations."
,Not Recommended,285190,34314223,Posted: 17 August,all,Vorala,How can they go from Dark Crusade to this.
76561197969339872,Not Recommended,285190,31828547,Posted: 18 May,all,Bunkie,"As someone who owns literally every DoW game in existence, I have to say this is the worst of the bunch. Only made it a couple of missions into the campaign before getting bored. You can tell they released only half the game to DLC you to death as the game feels far from finished with limited units etc. Just stay away."
76561197993315817,Not Recommended,285190,31479113,Posted: 30 April,all,Vasire,"Since every review in this world comes down to reviewer's personal preferences, here are mine:I wanted DOW 3 to be more DOW 1 than DOW 2.                  It's not.I wanted DOW 3 to be more single player than multiplayer.  It's not.I wanted DOW 3 to have a viable turtling strategy.                It doesn't.I wanted DOW 3 to have a Dark Crusade style meta map.     It doesn't.I wanted DOW 3 to have real base-building and economy.    It doesn't.Those who have a different list of ""wants"" might enjoy it."
76561198063437884,Not Recommended,285190,31534532,Posted: 3 May,all,Avenger93,"If you expect a Dawn of War game, if you expect a Relic style RTS with complex tactical gameplay and features you won't find in other strategy games, the style relic became famous for, look elsewhere, this game is none of that.And that's where the problem lies. If this game was a new IP, I'd probably give it a positive review and call it an interesting experiment for the RTS market.But it's not a new IP is it? it's Dawn of War. And as far as Dawn of War is concerned, this game is related to that series in terms of superficial visuals only.As for beeing related to 40k and doing justice to the lore and the universe: terminator backflips, plasma guns firing faster than bolters, eldar are taller and sometimes bulkier than orks (which are tiny btw) or space marines, lascannons are rapid firing weapons that fire ""harder"" when they warm-up after several shots on the same target ... yeah no. This is about as faithfull to 40k lore and respects the universe as much as an unholy spawn of C.S. Goto and Matt Ward.Content present in game at launch but not available to be used, because it will be sold as DLC later. I refer to 3 skins (not the preorder ones, 3 more). It's just skins, but the practice is as abhorent as it's ever been.But for a longer dissection of everything wrong with it, stick around.From a single-player campaign perspective, this game is a definite step-back in all aspects. Dark Crusade and Soulstorm brought us free form planetary conquest campaigns and an interesting upgrade unlock system for wargear and elite units.  Dawn of War 2 and Chaos Rising built on top of that with more free-form campaign and perhaps the most complex customization borderline going into full RPG territory for the admited price of no longer commanding a massive army in the campaign. Retribution for it's dissapointing identical campaign for every race kept that customization of forces and added armies back in the equation.I describe all this to put in perspective what Dawn of War 3 offers.A turbo-linear campaign with 0 replayability, no ability to customize anything about your army, a predictable story, immersion ruined by bringing back old characters without hiring their old VAs, generaly boring VA work overall. ""Cutscenes"" that consist of still images with speech over it. The campaign missions themselves are also boring as sin, no complexity or challenge to them, you basicaly get spoon-fed the exact way to win, it will just take you up to an hour or more to do so on anything but casual due to AI getting buffed to insane levels in terms of unit damage and hp. And the campaign maps in general are small and corridory.  There's not that much room to make smart tactical moves and flanking on most of them.Moving on to multy and general gamepaly aspects.Only 3 factions at launch to 4 in previous numbered titles in the franchise.No DoW 1 and DoW 2 massive unit customization in field. Gone are the days you could produce a tactical squad and outfit it with a mix of guns best suited to your needs, the most customizeable squad in DoW 3 is the tactical squad and it can only get 2 things: one flamer that for some strange reason is a CD based ability, or plasma guns that for some mystical reason are not anti-armor slow firing high alpha damage weapons, but rapid fire anti-infantry weapons that can overheat. The other unit that can get a weapon upgrade is the land speeder, everything else is non-customizeable.No DoW 2 dynamic cover system and destructible enviroment, we've even lost the DoW 1 enviroment based cover modifiers that made some areas protective and some expose units, instead we have pre-determined bubbles (the most I've seen is 4 on a map but there may be maps with more) of magical cover that nullify ALL ranged damage for some reason, but can be destroyed. And if they are destroyed they are gone for the rest of the game. So basicaly the cover system in this game is less than irelevant, especialy considering how easy it is to blow up those bubbles mid and late-game.No morale and retreat systems replaced by nothing. No suppresion mechanic that ment you could easily nullify numbers advatage with clever firing arcs and aplication of heavy firepower. Some people will claim that because some heavy weapons impose a small slow debuff on the enemy, that means supression exists. To these people I say ""go back and play DoW 2 or CoH"" to see how it's done. Supression drove the squad to ground and made it not act unless it retreated or supression was broken. It wasn't a movement debuff. It was an actual impediment that made the enemy force useless.No dynamic squad movement, your dudes now just move in lockstep identical animations and stay in the same formation all the time.No DoW 2 unit preservation mechanics and rewards. No longer do your units gain veterancy and become better if kept alive.No ability to tech-up and eco-up the enemy. The game has phases of engagement that basicaly exist to impose upon everyone to play at the exact same level via nerfing the economy until a designated amount of time has passed. The tech-tree is also a joke with almost no variety and upgrades of worth beyond generic +x% damage/hp. Don't expect game changers here, don't think you can rush a specific tech and get a massive advantage. None of that here, and even if there existed such a thing, the economy phases ensure the tactic will not work.No sync kills and detaild combat animations.No game-mode variety (only 1 mode of play at launch) and map variety (8 maps at launch). And no, the map creator in the workshop doesn't justify this Relic, we're not paying you for those extras the community makes for free.No ranked matchmaking mode at launch.We've gained a few things as well.Giant Knight class walker units. Mini-titans basicaly. Partialy base-building, with the notable absence of base defenses.The new game mode is something new to the series. Power core basicaly means you have to destroy a set of 3 structures in a pre-determined order to win. Kind-off like in a MOBA where you destroy the towers, the the baracks then the enemy central structure. Oh, DoW 3 is not a MOBA btw, but it does take an unhealthy amount of inspiration from that genre for it's own good.The doctrines and elites systems that create the pre-game load-out system, another thing that harkens back to the moba style. Doctrines exist now to give back abilities and functionality that previously was built in to units or buildings like marine frag grenades, or listening post upgrades. Elites on the other hand are no longer the force multipliers that needed tactics and a supporting army to win, instead they are borderline game-breaking push 1 button to wipe an entire army units that only serve to highlight the overall reduction in damage enduring capabilities of everything in game. And with only 3 selectable per match and the generaly reduced unit roster, this game has perhaps the smallest in match roster of all DoW games. In terms of unit numbers and unit variants and customization.Graphics are give or take subjective. But I will note, despite beeing higher res than the previous games, units look less detailed and unique than previous games. In fact, they look like plastic dolls and not deadly soldiers. Animations are cartoonish at best. Maps are detailed, but without destructability, it doesn't matter much.MY verdict? As a generic new IP RTS, wait for a sale. It might be fun to you (especialy if you wanted an easier version of starcraft with uber powerfull moba style hero units thrown in), but not worth the 60 euro asking price. Not at this low quality and amount of actual content. As a DoW game? Avoid and pray they either rewrite the entire engine to make it a true Relic RTS or that if DoW 4 happens they've learned their leasson."
76561197987260484,Not Recommended,285190,33200348,Posted: 3 July,all,Andan,"With the recent patch the game now determines the texture settings that can be displayed by reading your VRAM.  I didn't spend 60 dollars to have a game run fine for me, and then have the graphics down graded by Relic.  The game wasn't that great to begin with, but I am a 40K/DOW fanboy.  So I bought it.  This itteration has never impressed me, and a majority of the playtime has been from my son.Forcing your player base into specific graphical settings, because you can't optimize your game to run within the min/recommended settings, is what has earned you a thumbs down.  I recall a time when Relic made amazing RTS games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31842536,Posted: 19 May,all,In Tenebris,"Bought the game, played the entire Single Player campaign, wich turned out to be bland, and an overextended tutorial.Went to multi-player, played a couple of matches, and now i regret not refunding it sooner as the 14 day period is over.My thoughts.- New cover system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, oversimplified, negates all sense of positioning and strategy, which i think was the heart and soul of DoWII (To me at-least)- Lack of hero customization and impact is dreadful, elites are just....bland, and the amount of units you can output kinda steals the individuality of each unit.- Base building, never been a big fan of it, again, detracts from DoWII game stile which focuses more on decision making then building blobs of units and Attack moving.- Animations are non-existent, character pathing is wonky as hell, quite funny to see a group of banshees stuck on a flight of stairs.- Infantry becomes irrelevant after 10 minute mark, game devolves into demolition derby.TLDR: game is oversimplified, no soul and identity. To me, who has been hyping for the game for the past year, was just a disappointment has i was hoping for a polished more fleshed out DoWII. (jokes on me)"
,Not Recommended,285190,33405622,Posted: 9 July,all,Snoob,"The acceptance of defeat is an invitation to its repetition.Let's get this out of the way. I think Dawn of War 3 is a servicable enough game. At the same time,it's not a good Dawn of War game.What is Dawn of War 3?Venturing back into the grim dark future of Warhammer 40k, players command one of three iconic armies vying for supremacy over one another. Featuring an 18-mission-long campaign and a handful of multiplayer maps (more on this later), Relic Entertainment attempts to please everybody...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=914207191How does it look/play?Servicable is the word I would use in both regards. Veterans of the Dawn of War series knee-jerked about the shift from ""gritty, realistic"" models featured in 2 to these closer-to-tabletop depictions, and while you can't argue that the new designs aren't more readable, it does suck a bit of the ""soul"" out of things.From the RTS player's point of view, most of the common features are there, with the notable exception of remappable hotkeys. It's when we get into the thick of things that DoW3 departs from previous installments: Your units are more expendable, little more than meat for the grinder in your relentless onslaught towards victory with your chosen Elite Units. This is an especially jarring change as somebody who primarily plays Space Marines in the series.The campaign has you jumping between the three races to tell a single story, but oftentimes I found myself dreading the Eldar missions because of my lack of interest in them; It is also by far the shortest campaign of any base DoW game, clocking in at about 8 hours for me with one or two mission failures. Instead of the first parts of the game being on rails and opening up later, I felt that many missions were spent trying to introduce you to new mechanics, and only the last two or three truly let you experience something interesting.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=915559742Why didn't you mention the multiplayer?At first, I defended Relic's strange decision to only have a small assortment of maps to play it with. ""There will be plenty of workshop maps,"" I claimed. A few months down the road, I have yet to see a single good one. The game also did not ship with Relic's now-classic Victory Point mode, nor did it come with Annihilation (though it was added in a recent patch); Instead, we get Power Core, a mode you would be forgiven for mistaking for something out of a MOBA.Ignoring that criticism, Power Core has a few obvious flaws. Namely, since taking objectives grants Elite Points and other resources, the team which is already winning tends to be winning even harder due to superior map control on top of these additional rewards. The multiplayer was also plagued with bad balancing decisions (namely, Tactical Marines were so awful for at least a month that many marine players didn't build them, and the community still complained that Space Marines were OP because ofanotherunit).Relic were, by their own declaration, trying to make an E-Sport, and yet made only a smattering of maps, developed weak AI presence that fluctuates between cheating-level reflexes (the AI will always use super-weapons with flawless accuracy) and downright awful (it still doesn't know not to clump its units up to avoid the reverse happening to it) that failed to make the ""skirmish babies"" like myself happy, and threw the campaign under the bus in search of a crowd that abandoned the game after it didn't launch with leaderboards or more than a few arenas. ""But at least we teased the Necrons at the end of the campaign,"" they said to themselves.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=915834850Final ThoughtsI wanted to like this game. I love Warhammer in all its forms. When it came out, I was insistent that people were wrong, but time and reflection suggest that I was the one who ended up being incorrect. It isn't the worst RTS you will ever play, but I am not convinced that it was worth launch price with launch content."
76561197993896253,Not Recommended,285190,32402287,Posted: 13 June,all,toaster,"Sadly i tried very hard to like this game, played fully through the single player and a fair bit of time on the skirmish matches and as try as i might, i still can't recommend this game.On the plus side, the graphics are really nice, it runs smoothly and there's some amazing looking maps.However, that's not enough to save this for me.The single player was disjointed, all over the place and did not feel like a story at all, there was no time to invest in each race's story so i found that i just didn't care, the resource points are confusing and just not helpful, all of the units just feel weak even fully upgraded and overall the game felt as though it was trying to be both DOW1 and DOW2 at the same time devs probably should have stuck with one style rather than trying (and failing) to combine the two...DOW1 is still the best overall in my opinion even with it's dated engineI was really wanting"
76561197971285926,Not Recommended,285190,31845375,Posted: 19 May,all,Xevion,"While Dawn of War 3 has some facets of its mechanics that can blossom into excellence, the game itself is a far cry from the previous iterations, a complete and total disappointment that does not deserve to use the name 'Dawn of War', a complete mess of bad decision and asinine core mechanics that will doom it to a rapid death if the developers do not act quickly with incredibly deep changes to the core of the gameplay."
76561197970516356,Not Recommended,285190,31953612,Posted: 25 May,all,RedShirt,"The single player campaign is much worse than any of the previous games.  Missions are almost entirely focused on destroying the enemy base or leader with very few special circumstances to liven things up.  While DoW 2 may have had similar goals for missions, it at least mixed things up with enemy types, equipment, and having very different squad members.  Having your squad specializing in melee made things different from specializing in ranged, especially with suppression and cover mechanics.  None of that is present in DoW 3.  There also isn't much dialogue beyond orders so you lose a lot of the flavor that previous games had.The story in general feels flat, while switching from faction to faction sounds good, in practice it basically means that the same story beat is repeated three times.  You'll fight an ork as space marines, then try to sabotage that same ork in the ork mission, then fight him again as Eldar.  It also doesn't help that for most of the campaign you don't really have an interesting goal because everyone is keeping things secret so you're just fighting because you're ordered to.  Compare this to fighting off a Tyrannid Hive Fleet or dealing with a Chaos uprising in previous games."
76561198325665377,Not Recommended,285190,31459372,Posted: 30 April,all,Delmatron,"Game plays well and I do enjoy playing with friends.However, this is not worth the £39.99 asking price.There isn't enough factionsThere isn't enough unitsThere isn't enough mapsThere is only one multiplayer game modeThis game is already crying out for DLC."
76561198006962339,Not Recommended,285190,33660596,Posted: 19 July,all,Kara,"As someone who has played and loved the first two Dawn of War games more than is healthy, I cannot bring myself to play this game.It's Absolutely Crap. The Graphics are really pretty and it runs well, but thats it. It has none of the charm or replayabilty of its predacessors. The gameplay is dull, the race options are the least they have ever been, some of the abilties in the game are really lorebreaking, and its generally not fun to play."
76561198006690981,Not Recommended,285190,32189165,Posted: 4 June,all,argentaegis,"I hate it when I buy a game and it's busted and fully of rookie mistakes.Bottom line, not a AAA game.  Not worth AAA prices.DoW and DoW 2, were great.  There may be some nostalgia there, but both those games knew what they were.  I don't think the DoW3 team had a clear and clean vision of what they wanted.  Frankly, after the first mission, I was already disappointed. The campaign has several bugs, the most anoying of which is the game crashing at the end of the mission.  The point of the campaign is to get the story, but this bug prevents that about half the time.  The second major problem with the campaign is that micro management is the primary driver of difficulty.  The combination of powerful unit abilities just doesn't work that well with a dozen units.  In DoW 2, you had a few units with powerful abilities.  In DoW 3, most of your units have good abilities, but in many missions, you've got a two front defense and a dozen units.  Take the time to manage one force in close, enjoying the use of the abilities and getting into things, and your other force is pretty much dead.    It's far from impossible, but it seems like a waste to put in these cool things only to make it so clumsy to use the abilities.  Clumsy is the word.  At the bottom of the screen you've got a bar that fills with all your non-hero units.  Hero's go in a different place, because when you're mananging units, you want them spread out over the ui.  There are a lot of other little things like that that make me wonder if they changed their mind half way throuh about what game they were making.Buying new games feels like playing the lotto at $60 bucks a pop.  Just annoying."
76561198007097117,Not Recommended,285190,34317205,Posted: 17 August,all,Kamikaze Kevin,"If you're looking to continue the fun you had in DoW 1 and DoW 2, don't buy this game.It feels like they took DoW 2 and gave it to a single person to develop into DoW 3. This person proceeded to remove all of the fun, unique features of the previous games and replace them with nothing. Then, they decided to make the multiplayer game mode something resembling a MOBA because we all know there isn't enough of that available (for free) already!This is the only game I have ever refunded in my entire life. That pretty much sums it up."
76561197996645532,Not Recommended,285190,31417474,Posted: 28 April,all,Maev,"All in all my Conclusion about this game is:Pro:+ Atmosphere (Especially Orks are done amazing)+ Nice graphics / animations+ Every race is more or less unique (Marines rather standart/ Eldar weired)+ Game speed (You dont generate too many resources and build big blob in 5 minutes)+ Some levels are really challenging, especially on hardContra:- Very sloppy campaign, I mean there is a story but after the first 3 missions its like (oh s**t we got 3 weeks left till release)- Micromanagement in this game is INSANE, you got like 10 unit types with 15 abilities summed up. Without having like 5-7 overlapping groups you can forget the word efficiency- Super stupid cover system, you enter a circle wait 7 seconds and then you get cover shield.....thats like dear god oO- The elite menu is very dumb you dont know what you can click and when to click- There is no defensive structure in the game so you always have to leave like 1/3 of you army in base -____- Also the listening post on resource is so strong that the constructor units are the only units struggling to destroy it.- The End of the campaign is like ""ehmm what, thats it ?""- Almost NO unit customization, mean you buy specialized squads instead of equipping specialized equipment on your units eg. Space marines- WRAITH KNIGHT CAN HIDE IN BUSHES(Its the 200 meter tall eldar guy) ...... YEAH RIGHT ?- DENUVOSo all in all I absolutely DONT recommend to buy it for the actual price. I feel i wasted like 30 bucks because right now this game isnt worth more. A lot of DOW III feels as it was made in a hurry after reveal, the campaign, the menus,. etc. Again the hype has gotten stomped by simplification of very good designs like the mentioned cover system."
,Not Recommended,285190,31396573,Posted: 27 April,all,Vincent,"Difficult to say whether this game is worth recommending or not. Also, lots of people have been commenting on my playtime. The reason it is so low, is because I wanted to refund the game after playing the campaign, which obviously we could not do in the betas. I have collectively around 24 hours of playing if you include both closed betas as well as the open beta.If you're really passionate about W40k, and you can't stand the idea of divergence from the lore and atmosphere, then I'd say give it a pass. I'd also advise giving the game a miss if you're very much into the established gameplay from either the first or second game, as this game diverges quite a lot from its predecessors in ways which seems to have the community mostly angry about.A few points to note for potential buyers:- There are only 3 races at launch as opposed to the 4 we've always gotten with the previous games.- Previous voice actors have been replaced, as well as much of the art style.- There are no animated cutscenes, rather slideshows with sound. Something akin to an animated comic strip.- There are rather goofy lore/atmospheric breaking animations like a jumping/sommersaulting chaptermaster in terminator armour and weird run animations.- There is only one gamemode at launch, and from interviews it sounds as though Devs haven't considered any others yet. There are only plans to 'look into' other game mode possibilities further down the road.- Units are extremely expendable and more emphasis is placed on 'Elite' units, much akin to heroes from MOBA games which have the potential to wipe out entire armies with one or two abilities. All other units are absolute fodder, regardless of race.Many of the units which would be fieldable from the past games have now been made into Elite units, such as terminators, storm boys and Farseers.- The one game mode incorporates generators, a turret and an ancient much like how they would be implemented in a MOBA. This nullifies rushing strategies and drags out games where one player has beaten another early on. These elements force the game time to be dragged out regardless of how lost it is.- Base building makes a return, however at this time it contributes little other than creating forward bases. Your main stronghold cannot be destroyed.- There is very little substance to the multiplayer levels compared to the previous games, no wrecked buildings, no craters and most noticeably no cover. This results in the game being less about controlling areas of the map with squads and more about amassing blob armies to fight the enemy blob armies, which in turn get wiped in seconds by either elites or the turret.The game isn't all completely bad though, and to completely dismiss it would be blind hatred. Currently, this is the most balanced vanilla DoW in terms of race strengths/weaknesses at launch, and I especially like the system where you can cater your army to your playstyle with the doctrines system. Each faction feels unique, much like in DoW II, and coupled with the doctrine system can lead to some really fun early game strategies in multiplayer. The soundtrack is also fantastic, if a little unerstated. I would've liked to have seen it be a bit more prominent in the game much like how DoW's 1 was.OVERALL;If you're not that bothered about artstyle or lore, and you weren't that enamoured with the gameplay of the previous titles and are interested in trying something more akin to Command and Conquer, or Dota or Starcraft, then this game would probably be interesting to you. However, with the current blob vs blob gameplay this game promotes, as well as the ridiculously strong Elite units and lack of map variety and gamemodes, I'd say give it a miss. There are many glaring faults, but I feel like the biggest have been outlined in this review."
,Not Recommended,285190,32758349,Posted: 24 June,all,I AM IMPURE.,"As much as I try to like this game, it is almost dead two months after the release. It takes 10+ minutes to find ranked 1v1 or 2v2 match during prime time in Europe. Not to mention severe lack of content, glaring balance issues and questionable design choices made by Relic."
76561197983103623,Not Recommended,285190,33388659,Posted: 8 July,all,Club_Nephalem,"This is what happens when you try to pander to a trendy, MOBA like culture instead of staying true to your RTS roots with an epic campaign and mechanics that made your previous games great."
76561197974770053,Not Recommended,285190,31915849,Posted: 23 May,all,Big Shooter,"A depressingly crisp gameplay experience that lacks the content to justify the price tag. The amount of maps on offer is abysmal, and there isn't even an option to rebind hotkeys. Balance patches are also infrequent for what is essentially a multiplayer only experience (as in the campaign isn't worth playing). Even if you like warhammer, this is a hard purchase to justify."
,Not Recommended,285190,31399500,Posted: 27 April,all,PostalSpook,"In the grim darkness of the 21st century, there is only MOBASI wanted it to be the next great DoW game, I wanted it to be the next smashing RTS after CoH2.But it's just not, after months of getting hyped and after years of waiting, it's just not Dawn of War, more so, Dawn of Bore.It feels dull and lifeless, missing all the qualities that made the other games excellent, even the beautifully drawn cutscenes and somewhatgooddecent voice-acting can't save the otherwise boring simplistic glorified tutorial of a campaign.Maybe I'm just not the target audience, as it's clearly been developed towards the popular MOBA and e-sports scene.But this certainly wasn't the RTS or the Warhammer game I wanted, or infact, one any fans of the series wanted.""From the lighting and the tempest, Emperor deliver us, from this bore of a game.""Edit:The other DoW games also had a cover system, units gaining experience -during- matches, well-written campaigns, matches that last more than thirty-mintues, the Hero's weren't locked behind a 200 Skulls paywall, multiple races, more than one online mode, whereas DoW3 has less units and techs, no sync kills although that's more charm than anything, no morale system and base building with just five to six buildings is awfully watered down, not to mention the lack of defence without buildable turrets.Overall, it would appear that plenty of people likewise wish an RTS would actually be an RTS and -not- a MOBA, and are disappointed by this blatant attempt to cash in on the esports and MOBA scene as I am myself."
76561198013841027,Not Recommended,285190,35087973,Posted: 20 September,all,spen96,Prime example of how to kill a great game franchise by dumbing it down to the point no brain power is required to play it.
76561198110357431,Not Recommended,285190,34323791,Posted: 18 August,all,RapidFawn,"Hmmm dawn of war 3? 50% off coupon? yeah why not...1.6 hours later, hmmm DoW3 is not really sure what it is/wants to be but it knows what kind of crowd its wants which is the Dota crew,  I called DoW3 Dota 2 in conversation by accident, but didn't feel the need to correct myself...hmmm, no co-op on the campaign, no random relic/loot drops or pve maps just pvp maps, "" destroy the shield generator and the other - thingy - and that's the game won""  it's just not DoW 1 or 2 it's a Dota clone, which is a huge shame, really I like the graphics, sound quality is top notch, voice acting is fine but its just another GW game that's been awkwardly handled, like a half arsed 'tad-daaa'. I expected to be hiting the ground, taking scope of the situation, be a commander, deploy/manage/upgrade my troops, eventually get a hero character, but that flow wasn't there. Gutted."
76561197971385481,Not Recommended,285190,34110166,Posted: 8 August,all,TheReverend[Blizz2],This incarnation of DOW seems to be focused almost entirely on multi-player. If you are looking for a good single player Space Marine cmpagin like in DOW II then you are out of luck. Dawn of War III forces you to play through Ork and Eldar missions to get to the next space marine mission and I don't really care about the Ork campaign or the eldar campaign. I want space marines. I am so disapointed and annoyed that I don't think I will play it at all now.Someone should report these guys to the inquisition for catering to Xenos like this.
76561198006180437,Not Recommended,285190,34900031,Posted: 12 September,all,Smooth Trooper,DoW 3 probably killed any chance of a decent sequel down the line.At this point you already have read everything out there on the subject.You need two thumbs down buttons for this heresy.
76561198141118359,Not Recommended,285190,31843747,Posted: 19 May,all,The Salamander,"1st of all if u dont like this comment pls dont attack me for it, just ignore it. Anyway... i have spent a good time on this game to tell you that it is an absolute rip off for what u get. Relic has basically taken all the elements that made dawn of war epic and made them so called ""unlockables"" for example: space marines running and firing their bolters is not part of the game in the beginning but requires you grinding multiplayer for days to unlock it. The new skulls system has really ruined the game as well. Instead of us being able to have access to all the Doctrines and Elite units from the begining and allowing us the freedom of choice on what we wish to use when going into battle, we are given only the base elite units and have to unlock all of the Doctrines!!! i believe that relic only implemented these skulls in the beginning was to later on allow them to be purchased as a type of mico transaction. In short this game is not what dawn of war used to be and actually is a kick in the face to the Dawn of war fan base. Rather purchase this game at a later stage and wait until relic can add more game modes because at the moment it feels like relic has taken everything that made DOW an exclusive RTS and thrown it all out the window in order to reach out to people who are more LOL or DOTA 2 fans."
76561198006521667,Not Recommended,285190,31408766,Posted: 27 April,all,jade_reven,"I really wanted to like this game. I own every dawn of war game and played the hell out of them. But I couldn't enjoy this one. The graphics are fine. The units are okay (it should be noted that I did like the addition of the Titans Solaria and the Knights, even the ork and eldar). But it was the lack of good campaign and the League of Legends play style that turned me away from this game. I can't even stress how much I wanted to like it. I had hope that it was going to be great until I played it. They should have stayed with their original play style it was so much better. I cannot give it my recommendation.Edit:Inovation is a key component in anything I understand that. I just believe as I said above the original play style was better.  That is why this is just my opinion and recommendation for this game from my own viewpoint. Ultimately it is up to you to buy or not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31585431,Posted: 6 May,all,Mahou Shoujo Cruiser-chan?!,The game feels incomplete and the campaign felt rushed with an anti-climatic ending. Multiplayer content is severely lacking with only 9 maps availabe with only up to 6 players in a match and a single gamemode. Many things could have been added to the game to make it much more but what we got was a legacy stripped of it's pride.If relic is going to lock most of the content behind a paywall then I believe this game is not worth the asked price.Let us see what the future patches can give us.
76561198028570070,Not Recommended,285190,33500584,Posted: 13 July,all,Adila,"In the current state it is an unfinished and overexpensive game. The campaign was decent at some points but some missions just felt annoying to finish and were basically just there to make the campaign longer.The main mp gamemode is one of the core issues in this game but at the same time its it unique part, especially in Teamgames it rewards passive play, the games go longer despite clear skilldifference sometimes, which should not be the case in a RTS if you ask me. They need to adjust this new gamemode or just replace it with something else, and of course add more content to the game in form of new races and maybe some new gamemodes similar to last stand or some kind of coop missions. In the current state the chances are not that high that you are gonna enjoy this game for a longer time, however if you still believe it can make a comeback, wait until the next sale."
,Not Recommended,285190,31551000,Posted: 4 May,all,Kane,"Sadly I have to join up with the rest of the negative reviewers out there. I was obsessed with DOW 1 and all expansions. I loved the tactical DOW 2 and Chaos Rising (I was slightly disappointed with the Retribution copy paste campaign for each race but at least you could still customize and upgrade your squad!). Here they completely took out the hero upgrades and wargear, gave you a super basic base building (which is honestly so boring that I'd rather play starcraft 2), graphics is very meh (sure its higher resolution, but you can't even zoom in properly to see your units!), and made the game into a micromanagement nightmare! the whole gameplay is circulating around the overpowered moba hero and the fodder goons, who have no character as opposed to the amazing squad from DOW2. As much as this was one of the 3 games i anticipated this year its very disappointing. If you loved the first two games, i'd suggest giving this one a miss."
76561198017263822,Not Recommended,285190,35091134,Posted: 20 September,all,S_Barabba,"much worse than dawn of war II...cover, positioning and tactics have disappered from the combat system... now it's only blobs swarming (reminds me a lot the zerg) but you have to run around activating special abilities (they solved this a century ago with autocast in better games)the grapic is pretty cool btw"
76561197982904096,Not Recommended,285190,31397416,Posted: 27 April,all,Huol,"Was looking for a DOW1 and DOW2 mix, got league of legend mixed with a dumbed down starcraft like game.very very very disapointed."
76561197976369560,Not Recommended,285190,31418456,Posted: 28 April,all,[WaW]Neighbor Kid,"While the game is pretty, i feel like its a game of who can amass a larger army and over run your enemy. I feel there is no flanking, no actual strategy., cover system is garbage. The animations are meh... No kill syncs, a good example of meh....the IG shooting animations looks aweful... I think this game was rushed. Dont let the hours in game fool you, i also took part in the closed testing.This is not a good successor of dow1 or 2....Extra 10 bucks for only 3 armies too....There are some cool ideas put in like the orks picking up scraps to upgrade weapons or armor.The idea of large armies is nice, but more can be done to make thise more unique that something akin to starcraft."
76561198049183507,Not Recommended,285190,31444218,Posted: 29 April,all,Tensaret,"If you're looking for a game like DOW 1, you won't get it here. If you're looking for a game like DOW 2, you won't find it here. If you're looking for a cross between DOTA/LOL and Warcraft 3, you might like this. As for me? No. I wanted a Dawn of War game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31456263,Posted: 29 April,all,GipsyDanger,"I'm a sucker for Warhammer 40k. I'm a sucker for sci fi. I loved DoW1 and DoW2, both for totally different reasons.This game takes what was great about both of them, and boils it down to the basics and makes it look prettier.I was a bit excited when I had heard that the devs had used Warcraft 3 as inspiration, perhaps denoting that the hero units in the game might have more RPG type options and some progression or development in their skills. Nope. Their leveling up only corresponds to mostly relatively minor buffs that can be chosen throughout the campaign or a multiplayer match, and you can only use 3 at a time. The best ones of which, you will not be able to reach the level required to even unlock them once you've completed the entire campaign. That's not to say that the heroes are worthless, especially the big ones like Solara and the Wraithknight and the Ork equivalent can be very powerful, and they will likely be leading the charge if they are melee/tank classes, or just wreacking havok from a distance if they are ranged. There is a solid variety of them, but you only get to pick 3 per mission, and in the campaign most likely the 1st and 2nd choices for the hero units are locked in on most missions due to the story so your actual flexability is generally fairly limited. In every Space Marine mission your going to be immediately using Gabriel Angelos, even if he's slow moving and has 2 abilities the entire game... The other 2 races main heros are almost equally as unimpressive and weak, the Ork guy is ""ok"" and the Eldar chick is ""ok"" as long as she's got back up, but compared to some of the bigger heroes who can basically solo against an army and do fairly well, their lack of ever actually being upgraded stats or abilities wise is a big piece of suck.Now that campaign... hmmm. Well first of all, the writing and the story is very sub par. I suppose its about what we've come to expect from Warhammer 40k writing. The hubris of the Eldar, the simple mindedness of the Orks, and the devotion to upholding the Codex from the Space Marines. There is of course in-fighting amongst all of them, eventually aligning the 3 races together to defeat their power hungry and corrupt commanders and an eventual threat from daemons that have been awakened on Acheron. None of that deviates or even tries to be remotely original in its delivery or structure.- In the campaign, they made a rather ... bold... decision to have the race your playing alternate from mission to mission rather than have 3 separate campaigns devoted to each of the races. This works with the entangling story they were trying to weave, in eventually bringing these factions together, but it most definitely does not work in getting you comfortable playing one race or another for any period of time.- Gameplay wise. The races seem pretty unbalanced in generally really. Unlesss you diversify your units, and heavily micro manage every single units cooldown abilities, few of which can be set to auto use in combat, then you can easily get steamrolled. You need melee units to take ranged attention off of your weaker ranged units and you need different units to be better at destroying heavy armor, infantry, buildings, etc. There are very few units  or abilities in the game that can actually heal fellow units or allow them to replace fallen members of their squads, so for infantry squads you need to keep an eye on them and send them back to base to be healed and reinforced by the radius around your main structures, for which their is no speedy retreat button like in previous games, so you will end up losing squads that cost a good bit of cash, just because the battles can become so chaotic.The Space Marines are pretty straight forward, but the Orks tend to need to mass a lot of units to be effective and overpowering, and even fully upgraded they can be chopped up pretty fast due to lack of health and range. The Eldar, while also sort of weak, have a significant range advantage on the other 2 races, but are best used within the confines of their webway portal shields which is a bit like the circular radius of a Protoss pylon, although it buffs their ability to run quickly, and it buffs their shield regeneration massively. So covering the map with them if you can is ideal. Despite their differences, they all have almost identical sets of units and buildings. And very few unit types/roles are totally unique to a single race, like the Devastator Assault squad has an Ork counterpart and an Eldar counterpart.- The resource system in this game is seriously FUBAR as hell. I found myself almost constantly with a massive amount of requisition and was always scraping the barrel with power. There being only 2 ways to get each, search the map for the fairly rare but worthwhile req/power pickups lying on the ground - usually behind or around important places or off the beaten path totally, so it's a chore. And then of course taking and holding resource points from enemies, and building listening posts on them, some of which you will have to constantlly defend, and they all generally produce more req than power, despite power being needed heavily for basically any vehicle, any tier 2 or 3 main base upgrade, and most of the unit damage/health upgrades and ability upgrades at your research building also need power in addition to an equal amount of requisition. Just getting a couple of predator or annihilator tanks could mean your not going to be able to upgrade jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for quite some time - thats how far back it sets you. Most of the other vehicles die too quickly to be used effectively for the amount of power they cost tbh so I didn't really see much of a use for them, even a large squadron of Vypers (a flying light tank for Eldar) seems very effective at first, but if you run into one group of Orks with them and those orks have one rocket team, you could lose several of them before you realize it and can get away... the whole balance of the game relies far too heavily on the ""this counters this and that counters that"" idea behind old RTS'. In a way its a good thing because it forces you to use many different units, and in a way its a bad thing because it forces you to have to be able to pay for all the upgrades for all these units just to make them basically survive a battle long enough to go back to the base and repair. This can take a long time, and I felt almost stuck in this strategy of turtling up and amassing my forces slowly for many missions, because just going out there with a hero and a few basic squads isn't enough most of the time to do much to make headway into getting more resources....I would love to see DoW1 and 2 remade in this engine. Or at least for the expansion pack they've got to do something like the 2nd DoW1 expansion pack where you had the world conquering campaign with the Necron as enemies... Chaos and Imperials are likely going to be the next 2 races added because their are already some appearances of some of their units in the game here and there, but hey, here's hoping that Tau make it into the first cut!Overall it's like a 6.0/10 for me. It scratched a minor RTS itch for me for 20 hours... but tbh that itch was scratched better by the recent PC releases of Halo Wars and Halo Wars 2... which is prty unfortunate."
76561198000712446,Not Recommended,285190,31438328,Posted: 29 April,all,Rojigami,"This is HERESY!! You'd be better off playing the Ultimate Apocalypse mod for the original DoW and have a great deal more fun than this 40K-themed MOBA...==========Things I found troubling============- Only 3 playable factions at launch?!- An insignificant campaign that did nothing to advance the story of the Blood Ravens in any meaningful way...- Linear campaign, no more wear gear customization for hero units.- Base building is minimal so it's ultimately inconsequential.- No constructible defensive strutures like mines or turrets.- A cover system that doesn't really make sense. (Capture bubbles to project energy shield???)- No more destructible terrains.- Sync Kills are gone.- That silly Gabriel Flip.- Units die quicker than a Guardsman stripped naked.- Squads can't be reinforced on the fly like in DOW I, and no retreat function like in DOW II.- Modular units are gone, no more sergeant upgrades or customizations etc. (e.g. Heavy Bolter Devastators & Lascannon Desvastators are now separate units.)- Extremely limited roster of units. (e.g. The Landraider, a mainstay of the marine faction is gone now...)- Many ""choose 3"" elite units like the Terminators could've easily been part of basic unit roster.- The game comes with only one mode. Shield > Turret > Power Core. Rush tactics are no longer viable, and every game ends always the same.==============Conclusion=================Dear Relic, this middleground approach to bring together fans of DOW I & DOW II is just not working. Now I see exactly why the Iquisitor was not pleased..."
76561197983086292,Not Recommended,285190,31404099,Posted: 27 April,all,A5tro,"I really wanted to love this game, I tried the beta for about 10 hours and a bit of the campaign + a few rounds of multiplayer.So you know were I'm coming from this is what I believe relic were known for from recent titles - these are the things that got me so pumped for DOW 3:- Interesting game mechanics (retreat, squad veterancy, interesting unit abilities and counters to cover/garrison armor)- The best cover/garrison system ever invented in the mainstream RTS genre which created great gameplay- Realistic and dynamic unit movement- Realistic and immersive graphics- Punchy physics - destructible battlefields, impactful and realistic gunfire and explosions that have weight and impact- Nail biting and intense multiplayer gamesWhat we got:- Common watered down game mechanics - 20 different colored variations of the same abilities across races, basic mechanics that promote making a 'bigger' army rather than a 'smarter' army.- No cover or garrison system - there is this capturable bubble that magically blocks certain units bodies but not others - so assault marines/banshees have some magical 'bubble walk' ability but apparently a tactical marine or dire avengers can't walk through said bubble - very strange.- Comic book style visuals, animations  - looks and feels more like an awesome mobile port or a FTP game - that's great for some games and I'm not against this art style in general, not for my beloved Dawn of War please - gritty realism and detail is what I was after....- Marching band squad animations - units have sychronised breathing and movements, also apparently by the 41st millennium everyone has forgot they can shoot while moving as well.  How immersion breaking is that - you are in a massive gunfight and everyone just lowers their weapon for a moment so they can take 3 steps forward....- No physics in the environment, in DOW or COH the battlefields were littered with debris and structures have serious damage by the end of a game - you felt like you were in a warzone.  The units all seem to have 100% accuracy as well, no chaotic flying of bullets everywhere blowing up the wall or building behind you when they miss or bolter fire whistling past your units heads as they charge in.  Everything in DOW 3 including the units look painted on, like the map is separate from the objects/units, its not immersive or impressive.- Based on all of the above Multiplayer feels like the devs have sold out to Starcraft/warcraft/mobas instead of sticking to their values by bringing a proper relic RTS into the world.  DOW 1 and 2 were both amazing games with amazing Multiplayer.  I can pick up SC2 or DOTA or Halo wars if I want a game like that, the market need is met for that kind of unit spamming or OP hero game which is more about competition level balance at the expense of good graphics and cool mechanics...the devs had an opportunity to carve out their own piece of the market with a fanatically loyal fan base straight out of the box.  People love casting and playing DOW 2/COH 2 despite those games having their imperfect balance issues - its becasue they are really fun to play and for that people can look past perfect balance.I appreciate it is hard to please everyone and developers almost never seem to win when they release a big title but I loved DOW 2 and many did not, I also loved DOW 1 though for different reasons, this game seems to try and be a bit more like DOW 1 but ultimately just feels like some other game and a departure from DOW all together.I don't think they can fix DOW 3 with patches, this issues are too fundamental but I have purchased the game and will sink at least 50-100 hours into the multiplayer and keep an eye on the forums to see what the devs are planning to do to fix the game.  If the fixes to just half of the above issues come I will change my review.  As I said at the start, I really wanted this game to succeed - I almost wet my pants when it was first announced with that grimdark gritty trailer.Unfortunately at this stage I am giving it a thumbs down, it looks like many of us will just have to hope they get the mass of feedback and make us a great DOW 4 - I still have faith in relic, one messed up title is OK, it happens - DOW 1/2 were both great, you slipped on 3 now please don't drag this one out too long and give us a great number 4 in a few years."
,Recommended,285190,31451417,Posted: 29 April,all,"""Eighty-Eight Fingers"" Eddward","I'll try to be as unbiased as possible here.Cons:- UI on the main screen can be difficult to navigate, a lot of buttons and interfaces aren't intelligble and it takes players a while to figure out where things go.- Campaign, while gorgeous and detailed, suffered from bare minimum writing and story-planning, resulting in a campaign that felt half-hearted and is a noticable step down from Dawn of War II's take on the campaign and its subsequent expansions (minus a less-than-great Retribution campaign).- Layers of tactical depth are lost in translation and not properly explained in either the codex or the tutorial, like easily readible signs of armor types and damage types.- Launch saw a list of audio/graphical bugs- Lack of monitor support and framerate issues with AA ( I recommend you disable them if you suffer any problems at all with framerate)- Game doesn't do a good job organizing it's Elite tab or explaining the difference in Army / Presence / Command doctrines.Mixed:-Power Core modeAt its heart, Dawn of War has reinvented itself with every iteration. There were plenty of people upset at Dawn of War 2 and its move to a more squad-based RTS, and it played completely differently from the hectic multiplayer of Dawn of War 1. This doesn't have to be a bad thing, but a lot of players are going to figet instead of trying to work with it.What it does is create dynamic and inventive zones of control that are much more action-packed than previous titles. It takes more effort to manage what DoW3 calls 'line troops' because they just don't have the survivability of the previous title. You can't leave a suppressive squad in a building to watch over a point and assume that'll be enough. There are more counters than there are unit types, so you have to pay a lot of attention.- ""It's a MOBA."" --I think this is the worst lie the community is propogating. It has borrowed themes and lessons from many different games to try to invent something new. The Generator-Turret-Nexus is absolutely a borrowed theme, and that's okay. What it does is set up positions for balance tipping fights. The Generator serves as a not-so-safe point of contention for armies; The Turret stands as an anti-blob deterrant with a stasis ability built in, and the Nexus is parked directly outside of your base with a once-in-a-while ability to go invulnerable for a few moments, enough to survive an encounter.This prohibits players from mashing all their buildings and structures and units around one singular, titular objective. You now have choices for increasing pressure on players by taking geneator nodes and forcing them to engage you, or you can try to chop away at a generator. Once that generator is gone, you feel vulnerable. That's good.As an RTS player, you should be excited that you can either strike at someone's security, or someone's income.The turrets stand only as a point of contentionand can be totally skipped. It exists as an opportunity for a losing player to set up a comeback. Does the opposing player attack your army, or try to take out the turret wittling down their forces?- Elites are time-unlocked loadout options that can be chosen before a match with additional powers. Instead of income, you pay intimeto unlock 3 of your choosing. They are enormously powerful and one of two components of your army composition (detailed below). However, no serious battle has been won just because Gabriel is on the field.- Army composition is 50% Line Units (anything that's not an elite) 50% Elites. Only using Elites will get you a loss. Only building line units will get you a loss. They are meant to be used in tandem, and are a frankly fantastic collaborative effort of combining the spirit of DoW1's larger than life battles with multiple models and DoW2's fantastic investment into hero units. Your line units comprise of a mix of melee and ranged units with various counters to different armor types. Your Elite is your go-to toolkit for supporting your own army, or disrupting theirs.Pros:-The multiplayer feels very ebb-and-flow and allows for a game that doesnt feel as capture-heavy as DoW2, without feeling like turtling is the only option. The scale and pacing of the games results in some very sensible increases in army squads that feels like large armies are fielded when they should be, and the smaller skirmishes happen when they should. It matches very close to the game's escalation mechanics. You'll notice lulls in longer 3v3 games where players are focusing on research and reinforcing, giving you a reprieve to think out what you'd like to do next. This luxury isn't extended often in 1v1 matches where you'll need to be more microintensive to win. The multiplayer is good, it's accessible, and it encourages me to keep playing.-Animation and graphical fidelity for me was very high, and I was genuinely pleased to watch a lot of these battles unfold, and the audio for a lot of the factions felt distinct. The tone of each race was very much in line with what Warhammer fans have come to expect. Ork vehicles are ramshackle and barely hold together, eldar vehicles are sleek and enormously maneuverable, Space Marines feel industrial. The creative license they used for Warhammer came with sacrifices (Gabriel jumping around in terminator armor), but these issues are very few and won't bother but the most stingy Warhammer fans.-Army PainterFor anyone interested in importing their love of painting miniatures of customizing your own Chapter or Craftworld, their army painter is gorgeous to use and the models look incredible up close. The paints they use are identical to the one's used by Games Workshop. Want your Nuln oil? It's there. There are also special exotic paints locked behind Elite progression that give your army another coat to stand out.-Day 1 Steam Workshop Support.The Map Creator is located as an executable in the game's files, and gives players reign to use assets to design all the maps they felt they missed out on. Simply hit 'subscribe' and enjoy the custom game. This was a huge plus to Dawn of War 3, and I hope they add for fan-made patches as well. Already, players have put out maps using DOW3 assets to recreate Dawn of War 1 nostalgic maps.-DoctrinesBorrowing from Company of Heroes but not extending the same statistical benefit, DoW3 uses equipable doctrines you can unlock to really change the way units work. Some of them are straight-forward, like Dire Avengers have a bigger shield, while some of them launch a suicidal stormboy out of Trukks, while others turn your WAAAAGH banners into quick reinforcement points. There's enough variety to make you stand out and make your army unique. This is a large improvement over Company of Heroes that would use a ""3% increase to accuracy"" that didn't feel meaningful on the battlefield.P.S - You're going to see a lot of negativity surrounding the game on Steam and I think that's due to lack of communication between developer and customer. This is not DoW1, or DoW2, or League of Legends or StarCraft II. This is a standalone product that has taken great strides to put a multiplayer-centric, accessible yet challenging RTS game in the hands of newcomers and Dawn of War players alike.Keep in mind that a lot of negativity is voiced if you dislike a game, fewer will write a recommendation praising it. We are taught to see a score like ""60%"" as a failure, and that anything above ""80%"" is passable. Watch streams of gameplay, be objective, and come to your own conclusion.It has its launch flaws, but for those willing to relearn Dawn of War, you'll find an immensely satisfying game with tremendous opportunity to grow with the community's support.Edited May 4 for grammar"
76561197970916475,Not Recommended,285190,31454282,Posted: 29 April,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,"TLDR: Game tries to take DoW1 and DoW2 and mesh them together to get best of both worlds and failed miserably at it. A lot of what made DoW1 amazing isn't there and what made DoW2 amazing isn't there. They took random bits of both and mashed them together and hoped it'd work and it came out simple unenjoiyable, I'd say pass....Its painfully obvious that Sega put their team in this and ruined the whole thing.... I feel bad for the Relic people that probably stood up and voiced that some of the things just didn't feel right and were told to shut up and keep working.I wanted to recommend this game really badly when it came out.... but it just lost all of the feel of DoW 1 and 2 for me. Base building is nice, I'm glad they brought it back but its painfully basic in my opinion. You wont have the amazing (for DoW standards) base building that the first game had and its brother/sister games. DoW 2 was amazing, although I didn't care for the multiplayer DoW2 and its two expansions had amazing story missions in my opinion and they were so much fun and enjoyable to play, let alone the amazing last stand that kept the player base alive which they removed in this game or didn't want to launch with it... doesn't make sense to take out the thing that kept DoW2 alive out in the 3rd game.DoW1 units were vastly improved on in DoW2 and in DoW3 it seems like they tried to go back to the unit limits of 1 and combine it with unit play in 2 and failed miserably. The AI pathing seems to always get confused, there is an ungodly amount of mircoing in units for them to be really good and saving your units isn't like it was in the other games, there is no more fleeing/retreat option anymore.Elite units ruin multiplayer I think, it was really cool to have something you can level up in single player or in multiplayer and the progression stays with you but honestly there isn't much point to it and elite units just ruin the multiplayer for me. They basically made it like Halo Wars multiplayer with heroes and I dislike it strongly, I am a firm believer that once all races are balanced it should be a matter of out skilling your rivals and with Elite units it basically goes into, who has the better play with the elites. That is your entire clutch.Singleplayer story seems pretty bland... I am finding it to be more of a chore than enjoying it and I strongly dislike how I am forced to play every race instead of choosing. I hate orks with a passion. I came around and played orks story in the other game long after I was starting to get bored of the game and wanted a new outlook on the game, this however forces me to play races (althought orks are pretty fun for me right now) I rather not even play them at all for a lot of other reasons. But if you get pass that the story is straight forward like the first game was but at least in the first game the maps weren't designed in a way to have choke after choke after choke after choke after choke after choke and jesus christ the map design in this game is bad, the maps themselves are stupidly beautiful but thats about it. Hell, even most of the multiplayer maps its choke after choke. Once you hold a location good luck to the other team getting you out of it.Also they completely did away with cover... which is more than stupid for me. I don't understand how the new cover system is considered smart or was enough thought out at all.... you put ranged units in the new very limited cover areas and the only way they are dying is if melee units get in there and push them out, so if you try to engage units in the new cover system with ranged units, they will lose. 1 team of tactical space marines could probably kill 4 squads of tactical space marines firing at them. Its silly and they are pretty annoyingly placeded on the map.The ONLY saving grace for this game is if they come out with a last stand mode.... which even then they'd still have to fix the AI pathing cause some times your elite will get stuck fighting a 1 squad and will REFUSE to hit ANYONE in that one squad that isn't the target he mentally picked out in his head. I had angelos literally go fight a banshee group, and he ignored the ones blocking his path and hitting him so he could hit the very back banshee in that group... he literally didnt attack for a good 4 or 5 seconds taking a lot of damage and figuring out how to get pass the ones hitting him so he can hit the back on in that ONE squad.... seriously... wtf?"
76561197990133717,Not Recommended,285190,31487583,Posted: 1 May,all,norcosis,"Best of DoW 1 & 2?So, more playable races, more involved tech trees and base constructions, deep single player campaigns, More troop and vehicle types with custom kit and weapon loadouts, wargear for command units, decent big maps allowing for strategic gameplay?Er, no. None of the above really. Plenty of reviews go into more detail as to what else is missing but essentially if you took all the bad bits of DoW 2, rolled them in glitter, fed that to a dog and waited behind it then DoW 3 would pop out a few hours later."
,Not Recommended,285190,31527591,Posted: 3 May,all,Necksus,"TLDR; It's what I expected after watching trailers, which is to say, a mishmash of several better games with quite a few different design philosophies. As such, bad value proposition at release, save your money for a sale with any included DLC, etc, etc.Playing this game is like performing a waltz with a genetically enhanced superhuman, to a certain extent.  Your dance partner is quite smooth at first and everything seems rather nifty.  Then, you start to notice things, like odd mutant limbs and strange enhancements that slowly pervert the dance.  After about a day, the flaws all become too clear, and the superhuman really just reveals itself to be a Victor Frankenstein-esque monster of cobbled-together ideas from the past decade of real-time strategy.The potential was there.  The history was there.  The LORE, for Sigmar's sake, was positively overwhelming.  And most importantly, we had developer pedigree.   CoH2 (say what you want about their DLC policies post-THQ) had all the meat of a great RTS, and different groups of people found themselves enamored with one Dawn of War title or another for a variety of reasons.  The differing design philosophies between the two initial titles defiantly spread the fan-base into two segments, and the value propositions of the first few games in the series were impossibly awesome, particularly after the modding community had spent nearly a decade at work.In comes Dawn of War 3.  Relic has produced a hybrid design philosophy between the two previous titles in the series.  They CLEARLY had the foresight to know they wouldn't please everyone, but somebody told them to try to accomplish this goal anyway.  Their Frankenstein division went to work immediately: they realized a hefty section of MOBA elements enjoyed in the Last Stand game mode (and many other MOBA games), borrowed the idea of ""The Core"" or ""The Ancient,"" incorporated the rudimentary base-building of Company of Heroes, and reduced the lifespan of the time-honored warriors inhabiting the world of Warhammer 40,000 to that of Starcraft units, dying by the hundreds to service a map control resource scheme.  Your Company of Heroes command points become a drip-feed of ""elite points"" no longer dependent in any way on your unit management save for the taking of elite generator locations, which speed up the drip to a mere trickle.Other than switching out elite units and some interesting ""army doctrines"" (bulletins to those of you CoH2 vets) there is little outside loadout saving or any real reason to do so.  The fairly brief campaign will seem linear to those coming from far more nuanced campaigns like those featured in Dawn of War 1 expansions and Dawn of War 2.  And as a result of those facts, the value proposition of $60USD for this title is not good.  One is far better off with earlier titles that featured much more focused (if divisive, in the case of Dawn of War 2) design philosophies.  It may be the case that mods, expansions, and an incredible shoveling of DLC turns this title into a value proposition worth something closer to $60USD.Not even the ""graphical update"" is worth this price, as the overwhelming particle effects do indeed have a tendency to confuse the battlefield.  It's almost as if somebody played a bit too much Overwatch and thought that its newfound success as a Blizzard property meant that the next big Warhammer properties needed to be equally as fast and flashy in order to succeed on a similar level.  I doubt I'm alone when I say, ""By the  Emperor, that is HERESY.  Take your oversaturated Starcraft nonsense back through the Warp where it belongs, you demons!"""
,Not Recommended,285190,31714581,Posted: 12 May,all,GreatBigHairyBalls,"Lazy game development.No depth to the characters, storyline or strategy in the game play. Lazy story telling, no emotional connections made to any of the main characters. For the most part, its just throw a mass of units into a big meat grinder and smash as many hotkeys as you can, rinse and repeat."
76561198010463044,Not Recommended,285190,34898161,Posted: 12 September,all,Daniel,"How Freaking Cool was this bloody DOW trailer!!! Probably the greatest game trailer I've ever seen.However, I'm confused? Am I playing Dawn of War or am I playing a cartoon game... A man who swings a giant warhammer like it's a toothpick whilst in terminator armour that seems to weigh as much as a singlet in a basketball game.. Apparently Gabriel was taught by the great Shaquille O'neal how to slam dunk foes whilst wearing battle tanks for shoulder protection...Dawn of War 3 does not feel like the Dawn of War I grown up to crave, the last one felt more gruesome, immersive and real to the 40k universe, it was fun to use the cover system, to feel the power of the hammer from your terminators who turned your enemies into literally pink mist with that pop, squash weird sound it had, I loved it.This game went backwards, I don't know why they have to change something they didn't have to? If it wasn't broken the first time then why change it?I want to support it so they can have the ongoing funds to make another and correct their mistakes but I don't want to support them to make another mistake such as this. So thumbs down."
76561197966919112,Not Recommended,285190,31638924,Posted: 8 May,all,mFrap,"Honestly not worth paying full price for. Wait for a sale. Decent mechanics and a decent attempt at the original but falls short. Each army barely has any units and there are only a handful of repetitive boring maps with very little interaction. Theres a lot of work to be done to make this game good and I dont think, aside from the obvious DLC armies/maps they will inevitably release, it will ever come close to DOW1."
76561198005704221,Not Recommended,285190,31624055,Posted: 8 May,all,F1ayer,"Worst DOW game yet.  Poor AI, poor pathfinding and horrible pacing in the campaign.  Terrible controls matched with obvious cover ups to their poor planning with ""Attack-move is the most efficient way to move your troops""  It is lazy and is meant to mask the worst micro in an RTS I have ever played.Macro isn't better.  If you want a great game go back to DOW 1.  That was a great example of a good RTS set in 40k"
76561198050659801,Not Recommended,285190,34557571,Posted: 28 August,all,kiper,Worst game of the Dawn of War Series.Bad- Really Bad AI- Campaign on Hard is easy- No cover for units- Bad time for cut scenes- Not worth the price even for 50% discountGood- Advertising videoConclusion: Do not buy this.
76561198006598066,Not Recommended,285190,34314992,Posted: 17 August,all,Juuken,"Basically:If you're new to the franchise and in desperate need of a new RTS game, this could be something for you.If you're a die hard Warhammer 40.000 fan, that devours every scrap of the franchise and have a high tollerance for low quality, then this game might be for you.If you loved DoW and DoW II, this game will most likely disappoint you, because it does not build up on the things those games did well.I am part of the third category, so I choose to not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31453368,Posted: 29 April,all,dannyJ,"Rather disappointed with how this is turned out, I was hoping it would be as great as DoW2 combat and variety wise and as fleshed out as DoW1, alas it is not.Let me clear the pros first, that's the easiest part:- Visually (be it a little too Startcraft / Warcraft like animation wise) it's quite decent and audio there's no complaints (lets face it, killer soundtrack they had going).Now for the cons:- It seems like all strategy elements that was once in the franchise have been wiped out, where's the cover? Retreat functionality? Stationairy weapons? Defensive units? The game honestly feels like a simple Starcraft / Warcraft strategy where you just amass an army and go for it?- Elite units should just be regular units that you should be able to build all the time, or in some cases be only able to build it once.- The small roster as it is now, is only fleshed out by making previous units in the franchise that had an upgrade option now become an entirely different unit. Diversity and how you decide to equip your units is practically gone.- Wtf is with the lack of kill animations? Gabriel floating defy gravity hammer time slam?- 3 factions at launch? Hell I'd have been happy with the standard Chaos Marines as another starting faction, no doubt going to be charged an arm and a leg for the future factions.Sorry Relic, I'm afraid the last two solid RTS's you have done was CoH1 and DoW2.Edit: Typos"
,Not Recommended,285190,31714593,Posted: 12 May,all,Puppet of Odd,"You might find this game bearable if you haven't played the previous 2... even then it would be just mediocre. All the great features, mechanics, and fluidity of the previous game are absent."
,Not Recommended,285190,31394966,Posted: 27 April,all,Destroyer,"After trying to be the most optimistic person in the world,This game is not the Dawn of War 3 that everyone was hoping for."
76561198036169977,Not Recommended,285190,31516511,Posted: 2 May,all,CourtJester,"I have to be honest:  What you're paying for is a campaign that is essentially a drawn out tutorial with no story, buggy, clunky, and unresponsive game play in a game that was designed to be micro-oriented, multiplayer that is poorly balanced, obvious lack of attention to quality of life issues across all aspects of the platform, and a generally terrible overall experience.This is a $60 beta at best.  If I were on this design team, I'd be ashamed of myself for what I did to the newest installment in this franchise."
76561197974999426,Not Recommended,285190,31483551,Posted: 1 May,all,Black Death,"Dawn of War III cannot decide what it wants to be and is trapped inside a concept, caught between the first and second Dawn of War, that does not truly deliver and falls short to truly capture your enthusiasm. Adding to this malaise are somewhat underwhelming graphics with a - for a Warhammer game - questionable comic style, very poor interface design (you cannot even configure your keyboard mapping), lacking multiplayer content and the third repetition of the same old, boring factions - minus chaos this time. It feels rushed, shallow, poorly designed and ends, after a dated storty experience, in a bombastic, yet meaningless climax. You meet old characters from the previous games, but this just adds to the feeling of recycling and lack of freshness.You can have your fun for one, maybe two play throughs, but it is by far the weakest part of the series. Could this one truly have been made by the same team that gave us one of the best RTS games of all time called Dawn of War 2?"
76561197970053951,Not Recommended,285190,31560713,Posted: 5 May,all,Reaces,"DOW:3 feels like a sluggish RTS without a core idea.Lets start with the positive:The game is visually distinctiveThe races all feel distinct, and their combat style fits their lore and aestheticThe game runs smooth, I've had practically no issuesThe elites are very easy to unlock, a playthrough of the campaign will get you enough to unlock 2 factions worthThe turret/shield system and escalation phases makes the game feel more properly pacedAs you can tell though, most of the positives boil down to the game feeling like a warhammer game.But the game doesn't really have a coherent playstyle.So lets put down the negative points:The combat feels sluggishThe unit types aren't visually distinctiveCombat looks and feels unresponsive, units attacking other units carry very little weightThe multiplayer doesn't feel as skilfull as faster rts, or as weighty as slower blob rts gamesThe campaign gets a bit boring halfway throughUnlocking elites doesn't feel like an achievement, the out of play progress systems don't add anything to the gameOverall, the game leaves a lot wanting.With only three classes, and limited unit options at the start, the game feels very repetitive.The game feels very unresponsive and combat doesn't have nearly the weight you would expect from a 40K game.Most units respond quite slowly, and sluggishly.At the start you feel like you're in a very slow slugging match.With units dying slowly to boring attacks that don't look anywhere near as visceral as you would expect.And by the end of the game, you have massive elites aoeing everything that isn't an end tier unit.This means that most fights are boring to watch, and feel slow and unresponsive when commanding.TL;DR: the game is nowhere near as responsive as faster paced RTS like starcraft. Doesn't feel as visceral and epic as slower RTS like Planetary Annihilation. It just doesn't seem to excel in any category and the middle road is a bit muddled."
,Not Recommended,285190,35095179,Posted: 20 September,all,Pyr0mrcow,"Since purchasing this game 3 weeks ago, despite meeting system requirements, and following every visible support tip, it hasn't successfully opened once. In that same time, I've been constantly trying to get ANY response from Relic/SEGA support...finally getting a response from a 'riot control' mod a week ago who advanced the issue, leading to a copy-pasted response from SEGA another week later which completely ignored any questions, information, bug reports, and previously attempted steps that I had mentioned.Forget the game.Screw this company.They won't be getting another cent out of me for the next decade.I might think about it after that, but at this rate, at the very least, Relic will completely collapse by that time.I say all of this as someone who bought the first Dawn of War just after theoriginal, non-Steam release of Winter Assault, and really wanted this one to be good.It isn't.The other reviews are correct.Forget about this developer entirely."
76561198017094698,Not Recommended,285190,31877401,Posted: 21 May,all,Perkeles,Oh boy. This game is not bad but sometimes it feels like a waiting simulator. I think the resource generators are way too slow. Especially in the Eldar missions the units cost too much power. And in my play style i need a lot of units. The plot too isnt so interesting. I allso miss the the character customisation what was in DOW2. And  the plot is kinda weak.It feels like the game never gets going. Its boring.
76561198035799572,Not Recommended,285190,31913415,Posted: 22 May,all,Gigsafonaconacons,"I played just long enough to realize that the single player pretty much has no replay value and and it seems like they want you to stay for the multiplayer that im not interested in. I knew DOW1 wasent coming back i accepted that but to take what made DOW2 great and say ""no thanks not for this game"" is a real let down.They did take elements from DOW1 the base building and elements from DOW2 the heroes and elites and put them togeather alright and titans did make an aperance in the campain. Also it did cost 60$ so ya i would say they kept there promises.Oh and the races are Eldar, Orc and Space Marines."
76561198007578655,Not Recommended,285190,34371151,Posted: 20 August,all,Morpheus,"I normally don't write reviews but honestly I feel I need to with this game. I am a massive 40K fan I've bought every single game in the franchise and enjoyed them all. A few days ago I got a 50% discount voucher randomly for this game and decided to give it a go. I had read all the negative feedback which is why I didn't buy it on release but I thought perhaps people were just overreacting so I decided to try it. Well sadly I can see what a lot of people are complaining about.The game starts well with its intro which is standard 40K stuff and what we are used from the games previously made by Relic and then you start the campaign and the first thing I have to ask is... Where are the cut scenes? Why am I getting still images? Wtf? Where is the immersion for crying out loud? This is a AAA game, put some effort into your game Relic!I then looked at the interface and I can't say its bad but its not great either I can't quite put my finger on it but I don't like it personally. I now understand why people were saying the game looks ""cartoony"" the colours and style just feel wrong. The next thing I noticed was the voice acting... Or lack of in some cases, the space marine voices are just terrible even the main hero Gabriel Angelos sounds awful, every other 40K game has not had this issue or at least I haven't noticed it. I then started ordering my units into battle only to notice that all the cool combat animations especially the death/finishing moves that used to be in the game were gone... Why? I mean the elites do a couple of things but the rest of the units don't, who made this decision and why? I can also now see what everyone else was talking about in regards to your units not being relevant and dying off quickly because the main focus seems to be on the elites.So I finally got to see what all the fuss was about with the elites as I started commanding Gabriel Angelos and I can say they are somewhat entertaining but they aren't as bad♥♥♥♥♥as I thought they would be I was expecting them to be wading through tens if not hundreds of enemies flying around left right and centre but to be honest I felt a little bit underwhelmed by them. However they seem to be well built and its clear they are the main focus of the game, but personally I don't like the direction they have taken. In the first instalments the gameplay was focused on the combat and tactics as well as base building, in the second game it was about hero units with no base building which personally I didn't like but the game was so well made you could easily overlook it. This game in my eyes falls short on both aspects, its trying to pander to people who like the mechanics of the first one and to people who liked the mechanics of the second, giving you this mess right here which is Warhammer 40K  Dawn of War 3. Which would be ok if they didn't remove all the good stuff the last two games introduced it literally is like they took 3 steps forward only to immediately go 2 steps backward.So far in my opinion, what I have described and talked about are design choices and to a certain extent I can understand them even if I don't agree with them, however there are mechanics that have been removed which should NOT have been and their absence makes no sense what so ever. The first of these is the cover system. Why? Just why?  I mean what the hell were you thinking? Why did you think it was a good idea to remove it from the game Relic? Why did you think capturing a point and getting a bubble shield was good enough? In the old games you could hide behind walls and use the terrain to your advantage, now you can use some weird shadows placed on the map or if you're lucky some grass to hide in but the only cover that is provided is by specific points you need to capture which then gives you a shield, you can't even garrison buildings anymore. But it even gets better, you can no longer supress enemies, they just simply run into concentrated fire and either wither away or just walk through it like its nothing which once again takes away from the tactical gameplay of the last two games, lastly and I might be wrong on this, but there no longer appears to be a morale system in place either. Why have all these core mechanics also been taken out?Seriously why on earth were these core mechanics taken out? You've effectively taken out what made these games great and given us this load of nonsense. For the sake of what? Forcing the players to battle more often during a multiplayer match? To what end? To turn this game into the next E-Sport sensation? Well guess what? You're not going to, you're going to fail because you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and I'm guessing here at least half of your fan base with this nonsense, if you want it to be the next E-Sport like Starcraft II you've got to have a game your fans like and from what I can see people are pretty divided over this. Also of note is the fact there is no veterancy system, that's not a massive issue but again why is just your elite that levels? What is wrong with your units becoming veterans?On another note the army painter seems to have improved with its colours and a little bit its interface however once again no custom badges with the same excuse of ""well people will just add♥♥♥♥♥♥♥badges to their armies and people might get offended"" I mean seriously? Who cares? Don't punish me because a small minority misuse the system. In the second game we had the option to deactivate badges on online matches so why not do this now? Why not have an in game reporting system for inappropriate badges and banners? A lot of people like me like to play with a custom army and want to have a custom badge and banner. Which leads me on to the building animations, its nice to see base building back, but in regards to the building animations of the space marines I have to say I don't like the animations, they don't seem to make sense but again that and the army painter are a minor gripe.At the time of writing this review I cannot comment on the multiplayer aspect of the game as I have not tried it and probably will not as I have never been a fan of this mode against other people at least. I also cannot comment on the doctrine system as I have not looked into it when I finish the campaign and play the game a little bit more I may come back to it.I must give credit where its due though as the musical score is incredible and I really like it, even the menu music is good.In the end the question comes down to whether I would recommend this game, well as much as I want to because I really want a good 40K game, I can't recommend it. If you're new to the series by all means buy it but I would say wait for a sale and buy it at half price as you only get 3 races and a very poor campaign at the moment. If you've played the older games and are a fan of the originals, its just going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and you're going to be disappointed and if you really still want to buy it then wait until  its very cheap.This game could have been great Relic but you made a mess of it. I would give this game in its current form a 6/10EDIT:I have now finished the campaign of the game and these are my final thoughts. The story itself isn't too bad, although there are some gaping plot holes. One infuriating aspect was that the lack of an auto-save/checkpoint function or system, which quite frankly is moronic. I also dislike the way you play the campaign jumping from one race to another. I found myself getting annoyed wanting to continue the Space Marine campaign but being forced to play as the Eldar or the Orks. There should have been three separate campaigns possibly following the Warcraft III / Starcraft II way of story telling. In relation to the army doctrines I have to say I don't like the idea there are a lot of things there that in the previous games were abilities, what was wrong with that? I have no interest in the multiplayer anymore and will not be playing it so I cannot comment on it."
76561198001070014,Not Recommended,285190,31562756,Posted: 5 May,all,SirCoate,"It's sad that I have to check 'yes' or 'no' for this game.  There is fun to be had, but the bad out-weigh the good right now.  There is good news.  It CAN be fixed, but here are the problems.-Single Player+Every mission feels longer than it should.+ It's extremly linear and repetitive.+No map control missions... just take your army and move to point 'B'.+The story can all be summed up to:  'get the spear... oh no, it wasn't what it seemed *gasp!*'+Since your race changes every mission you will not care about the characters.+There are no progressive elements (meaning things that carry over between missions).+They always give you a big army... but there are few resource nodes to get, so your upkeep will usually stick you with the default army unless you get them killed.+They don't even do the: 'new mission here's a new unit' RTS trope.  They just give you access to all units after 3 missions or so.+It's so boring!  I had to really push myself to play the next map.+It's a below average RTS campaign.-MultiplayerThe multiplayer can be summed up as this, 'If you know EXACTLY what your oppenent will do before the game begins, but still cannot effectively counter it... the devs messed up.'Here's a big problem people miss... because its subtle but absurd when you look at it.  The ESCALATION system.  At set times throughout each game, the Escalation Phase increases which changes resourcing... a lot.  Phase 1 you get very poor income... but a 25% refund when a unit dies.  Phase 2 increases resource generation by 50% and lowers refund to 15%.  This trend continues to Phase 4.HERES THE MANY PROBLEMS OF THIS!+Your resourcing will fluctuate WILDLY.  The amount of factors on your resources are absurd.  1: Generators.  2: Generator upgrade level... per node.  3: Army upkeep.   4: Escalation Level.   5: Units dying corresponding to Escalation Phase    6: Reinforcing units depending on which upgrades they have (which changes their reinforce cost).+Your income is so low in the beginning you CANNOT be very creative.  Your builds are very, VERY limited until the next Escalation Phase... at which point, all players will change builds.  The developers are trying to control the flow of battle... but it kills creativity and fun.  You cannot rush Tanks or Tech without severely damaging yourself.  There was always an aspect of 'Risk vs Reward' for certain builds in RTS's, but the Escalation system Skyrockets the 'risk' and Plummets the 'reward'.+It makes the game predictable.  You will know exactly when the enemy will get new things, and what they will probably get since many things can only be afforded at certain escalation levels.+The amount of units per race is rather small.  You don't have a lot of options.  They pulled many units to be 'Elites'+The doctrines are fun on paper as army enhancers, but determining what buffs certain units get forces you down a single strategy.  Every doctrine seems like an in-game upgrade that they pulled out.  You also don't know what the enemy has when picking yours.+Simplistic upgrade system.  Past DoW games made every unit Modular, allowing individual upgrades per units.  Even blanket upgrades on unit would be good.  The upgrade system for DoW 3 is a generic 'Everyone gets HP buff, everyone gets a damage buff'.  Its boring.  All the cool upgrades went to doctrines.+Elites... they are crazy powerful, cost no real resources, and you're forced to pick 3.  This makes you're stratgey more linear because your picks will either help in the early game or the late game.  They are fun, but flawed.+Eldar are really overpowered.  Comparing Eldar to Space Marine is laughable.  You can look at every comparable unit and see how absurd this is.  Here, let's do one together! Eldar basic unit: Guardian squad- Higher damage, lower cost, lower hp, has shield that protects models, grenades, doctrine can give it a cloak.  Tactical Marines- higher health, higher cost. Can get flamer or plasma... but NOT early game... way to expensive unless you sacrafice you Requisition generators to save Power.  Thats it.  Fun! Lets do another!  Scout Snipers:  More requisition, no power. Can get doctrine to shoot more at a certain spot.  Rangers: Need to be researched, cost some power, Permantly cloaked,  has Radar beacons, shields, very fast.  Can get doctrines to teleport and move faster.  There is clearly more love put into the eldar and orks than Space Marines.  Most Space Marines have nothing special to them without a doctrine.+No way to do certain builds.  This is a big one, but you cannot rush certain builds.  Most matches will be predictable.  Very little creativity.+Whoever controls the map first by Escalation Phase 2 will almost certainly win.  Due to the limited number of units... you're options and tactics are small to retaliate.  You simply dont have the resources to win.+Go-to strategies.  When playing someone good... they have go-to strategies.  Eldar- Rush Ranger or Ranger+ Banshee.  Space Marine- Rush Assault marines.  As I wrote the start of multiplayer section, 'If you KNOW what your enemy will do... but cannot effectively counter it... something is wrong'.  If you look at any high level player match.  They rush to the go-to builds.  If I know my opponent will build Rangers, I should be able to punish them.  If I KNOW he will rush Assault marines... I want to punish them.On top of all this... that it.  There's nothing else in the game really.  Army painter is more limited then ever.It can be fixed though, in that though I have hope.-No escalation system,  just balance the resources.-NERF the eldar: get rid of thier shields really.-Buff the Space Marines... make them more interesting and versatile.-Get rid of doctrines and make them In-game upgrades.  Imagine the possibilities!!-More emplacement structures.  Add a tech marine.  Relic games were always about map control.  Hard to control without fortifying areas.-Add more units, preferably the units you pulled to make elites.-Make elites cost resources too.  Or just resources.-Better Army painter.-Campaign is a lost cause... add last stand and Conquest mode.DoW 3 is ok.  But I dont spend $60 for 'ok'.  The flaws knock it below 'ok' though."
76561198158332283,Not Recommended,285190,35287427,Posted: 29 September,all,XVII,These are the things i don't like in this game:-Only three factions-no CHAOS?!-No content coming anytime soon it seems-Some bugs here and there-Gets boring fast-Units are only spam now-Not that much strategy hereFix your♥♥♥♥♥♥relic!Oh and the positives:+Orcs
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,285190,31507632,Posted: 2 May,all,Edgewalker,"This ""game"" is so horrible I can't stand it. I can't even force myself to write a proper review so I'll just point out some random stupidities.- Chapter Master in a terminator armour doing tripple sommersaults like Rey Mysterio & jumping in the air like he's a Songo from a Dragonball Z.- Chapter Master is literally 6 meters tall because f you, that's why- You can't rebind camera keys to WSAD. Prepare to use arrow keys like it's 90's again.- After you die in a mission you can't just load. You either restart the mission on go back to Main Menu.- It's MOBA.- ""Bad Inquisitor"" cliche.- Imperial Guards speaking to Chapter Master like he's just some random dude ""You're finally here, about damn time"". Lol wut? Writers have clearly no clue about W40K lore.- Everyone looks like a christmas tree."
76561198006105677,Not Recommended,285190,34530322,Posted: 27 August,all,AwesomeCamel,"Sadly, with just over 4hrs of game time played, I'm not eligible for a refund.This was one of my favourite franchises, DOW (and its DLCs) is one of my favourite RTS of all time, and with DOW III promising similar play styles to the original DOW, I had high hopes.Instead, not only was the storyline non-engaging (the forced switch between races was jagged and awkward - a farcry from the original DOW), they wanted to make this game more ""competitive"" and turned it into an abomination of traditional RTS and MOBA. Worst of all, they removed the much-loved kill sync animation.Sorry to say, this game completely destroyed my love for the franchise, and if by some miracle they decide to make DOW4, I hope it's not a contiuation of this monstrosity.0/10 - would not recommend."
76561198011832276,Not Recommended,285190,31455371,Posted: 29 April,all,Sky Sweeper,"If you're looking for an actual sequel to the previous dawn of war titles besides just having recognizable characters from the series, you're going to be disappointed. That is the only way this game is similar to Dawn of war 1 or 2.There is no defensive play. No turrets or bunkers to build.Theres no garrisoning units in structures.there is no easy way to control multiple types of different units beyond setting up your own hotkeys.Line units are useless when an Elite comes into play.theres only one game mode in multiplayer.Theres no loot or loadout customization beyond passive buffs and unlocking abilities on certain units (such as having shoota's automatically throw grenades).Units die off extremely quickly, often they'll die before you know whats happening and lose them.It's a starcraft game. Not a Dawn of War game. It's not bad, but the title on the box can be misleading for former fans."
76561198174819042,Not Recommended,285190,31585339,Posted: 6 May,all,BIGTEX972,If i could return this i would. You may be entertained for a few hours then its nothing. Hopefully more DLC or a finished game will come in the future. To sum it up build one or two building then just spam spawn units until the game is over. O and some special characters to spawn. Thats about it. But hey the advertisment/trailers videos look great!!
,Not Recommended,285190,31560193,Posted: 5 May,all,BagelX2,"Following on the backs of many other disappointed fans of DoW1 and DoW2 I was tremendously disappointed with this game. Everything about the game has been simplified, 4 damage types (normal, heavy, AP, true), cover system (shield, stealth), little to no unit wargear and customization options, and many core mechanics that defined DoW as it's own breed of RTS are changed.As a result units feel overly squishy. They must be intensely microed to be effective, with almost every unit have at least one activated ability. The flaws in this are compounded by some pathing bugs (sure to be fixed) that causes your units to have issues prioritizing targets, so your already squishy units vaporize in the blink of an eye if you looked away. This isn't really a DoW game, it's a competitive WH40K RTS for a new generation.Fans of the previous games will find themselves really wanting to love it but ultimately dissappointed. The look is there, if a bit stylized (something I don't personally have a problem with.) I really feel as if they could meet fans of the old games by offering the game in its current state as a ""competitive mode"" and ""DoW1 with the improvements of DoW2, at DoW1 scale and basebuilding"" as the main game mode or even an option to play with rules such as that. They really should take a look at DoWPro, which is a fantastic balance mod for the original DoW, for inpsiration as to what people wanted. Otherwise in its current state, I wouldn't exactly say its bad, but its not DoW, and it's not a terrifically interesting game either. Sadly disappointed.This game could be saved by the introduction of more gameplay modes that are closer to ""classic"" DoW, mod tools and a great ""DoW3Pro"" mod, and actually listening to their fanbase. I've refunded my purchase and will wait to see what the inevitable first DLC looks like and if they release mod tools.Highlights:- Current multiplayer game mode involves the destruction of 3 buildings - shield, turret and power core. No more take and hold victories or annhilation.- Cover system from DoW2 where you had positive, negative, and buildings+ is replaced with a shield bubble zone, and ""stealth"" zone.- Morale is gone.- Wargear upgrades lock out the other options. (no mixed wargear squads)- Hero churn: Once purchased, heroes are automatically available after defeat after a compounding +30s so basically just throw them into the fray to capitilize and deal as much damage as possible and wait out the time limit to do it again. High cost elites (The giant walkers) are just Godlike and will decide a game. Compound this with each teams global airstrike ability (orbital bombardment, rokks, or eldritch storm) and it's a recipe for frustration for tactical players as regardless of your advantage this is easy to use in tandem with end tier elites and will just crush.- This is a ""faster"" game, units die quicker, the tempo moves faster, and you can see the end of a game in under 5 minute if played right.- I initially didn't really support complaints about the VA work, until playing through a couple rounds and then firing up DoW1 - they really hit the magic with their voice talent by Soulstorm. Conversely DoW3s VA is much more toned down, you actually just tend to ignore it. I enjoyed the intensity of the first DoW1's lines, made it really feel like WH40k."
,Not Recommended,285190,33470389,Posted: 11 July,all,The Many Faced Mistress,"As someone whom loved DoW 1 and its expansions (except winter assualt), I've given up hope of getting another good DoW game. Go and watch a youtuber talk about this game, or read one of the more detailed reviews, because I don't even know where to start.If you want a Dow 1 style RTS set in the 40k universe, with classic base building elements, interesting maps with terrain and cover, more than 3 factions, yeah this game isnt for you then. Price is also a joke for how little there is in substance."
76561197981871059,Not Recommended,285190,31483970,Posted: 1 May,all,Valdez<)(3R()>,"Once again I have felt the crushing despair of preorder hype. Dawn of War 3 has very little in common with it's predecessors, and therein lies the problem. Cover system? Gone. Sync Kills? Gone. Customizeable hotkeys? Gone.The voice acting and writing is extremely lackluster. The building system for bases feels like DoW1...if you had almost no buildings you could choose from.The biggest complaint I have with the game, is the units. Elite units are absolutely bonkers powerful, while your regular line units feel extremely weak and lackluster by comparison. Combat becomes an exercise in casting your Elite's powerful abilities to win because your regular units all get smashed to bits. There's seemingly little strategy to use, just build a bunch of pathetic units and toss them at the enemy while your Elite does all the work.This feels less like DoW and more like a reskinned dumbed down version of Starcraft. Wait for a super discounted sale if you're feeling like playing it still."
,Not Recommended,285190,31534755,Posted: 3 May,all,atomaweapon,"Honestly, this game is mildly fun, but just about average and not worth a full 60 bucks. Im not a diehard RTS junky, but played the second game. It's l.ike they half baked both aspects of the game, the moba esque stuff where you manage heroes and the RTS where you base build. Why not go fully fledge both ways. Give our heroes more abilities, and more unique looking ones. Let us really base build with walls and scattered resources and watchtowers with turrets. Ida been happy with that. As it stands none of the human heroes are really cool, they all look alike and similiar to your army units. The exception is the giant mech with the girl pilot. Unlocking stuff is confusing, Im not sure how to get more heroes really and the ones that are greyed out don't look that cool. There's only 3 factions, which i guess I can live with, but the other one had 5 or so.I guess this would be cool at around 40 bucks or so, but as is it's pretty bare and half baked to warrant a 60$ purchase"
,Not Recommended,285190,31511227,Posted: 2 May,all,sharpa16,"After playing and beatting the campaign, and doing a bit of multiplayer. The best way i can discribe this game is....rushed and incomplete. There are not a whole lot of units to pick from. The models look very glossy and non-detailed. I like some of the features they added to the DoW series like looting for upgrades. But everall the game just seems like its lacking in a lot of details and function to make the game really enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,285190,31705578,Posted: 12 May,all,Darknuke,"This makes me SO sad... Dawn of War 1 and 2 were fantastic games. DoW 3 basically takes the most basic parts of 1 and 2, slaps them together, and calls it a day. There's nothing special about this game, other than some pretty graphics."
76561198241078972,Not Recommended,285190,31398713,Posted: 27 April,all,RobbStark,"Disappointing. WH40K, as a setting, can be very tricky to get right. Atmosphere is key and capturing the desperate, grimdark feeling is so important in accurately portraying the universe Games Workshop have created. Dawn of War III fails in this aspect for me. With the exception of the excellent intro movie, the overall cartoonish level and model design seem far too similar to Starcraft 2 for my tastes yet lacking any of that game's character. Space Marines in the lore are one man tanks, each a hero capable of feats of endurance far beyond any regular human being - here, apart from the heroes, they've been relegated to faceless cannon fodder lacking any real personality. Combat feels very underpowered, sound design lacks any weight, unit upgrades and customisation are practically non-existent and the moment I was able to equip an entire squad of tactical marines with plasma guns (rare, priceless relics in the lore) I realised this was not the game for me.The mechanics seem solid enough though and it does look great and runs very well, I just couldn't get into it. Not my cup of tea. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,285190,34319862,Posted: 17 August,all,ultimatum1895,"just...do not play this. Even for diehard 40k/DoW fans, just steer clear of this. as made evidently clear, this is not the DoW we all know and love from days of old, its not even the new and surprisingly well made smaller-scale DoW 2 formula. in short, it has tried to combine the size and scale of 2, with the gameplay of OG DoW (1-Soulstorm) and it does not work. lets go through it. As a preface, I loved Dawn of War so much for introducing me to 40k, I love the Blood Ravens as a Chapter so much for literally being my first anything to 40k, I have their Chapter Badge tattoo'd on my left arm, as if on a pauldron. So trust me when I say this game has utterly FAILED.1. Gabriel Angelos....is absolutely RUINED. He has a voice actor that sounds like some dude in his 20's trying to sound like some wise, powerful, respected badazz in his 70's, and it is ***dreadful*** to listen to. in no way imaginable can you take him serious like in DoW 2 or OG DoW. He looks, in the face, just ridiculous, and he actually literally does JUMPS AND FLIPS IN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TERMINATOR ARMOR. **TERMINATOR ARMOR** His design is practically cartoonish at best. but the armor looks fairly decent, especially when zoomed all the way out in game.2. The UI in-game, is very hard to look at. To quickly sum it up, they have swapped the locations of all the old UI stuff. the map now floats like an island in the middle of the damn screen, at the bottom right, instead of being attached to the base of the screen like someone with some sense would design. you WILL get annoyed by this very fast and click on the map accidentally quite often. the abilities and such, the interactive icons to make squads do things, is on the bottom left (attached to screen at least) and takes up nearly half the screen. it just feels wrong. when people talk, the subtitles appear in a *very* small box at the very top right of the screen, you wont even notice they appear most the time.3. There is very little strategy here to be found. they made an RTS game, for what i have played so far, very linear. i am sure that it will open up later, but why even do it at all??? its painful and limiting, the game is even guilty of having background things happen that you just simply get to look at instead of control. with the lack of the DoW 2 style cover play, combined with very small areas to battle, you simple just need to max your army with ranged units, and STEAMROLL everything with hilarious ease. seriously, dont even bother with melee unless you are bored and want a temporary distraction while pulling your ranged guys into range.4. This is more of a personal gripe, but i do feel that others will share this: they force you to play as all 3 races in game. i do not like this, i do not want this. if i wanted to play them, i would of my own volition, but i am not filthy xenos scum. i literally have a blood ravens tattoo, i want to play blood ravens and KILL the xenos filth. Do the Winter Assault thing and just let people pick who they want to play. it isnt ♥♥♥♥ing hard5. the game just feels like a laid back cartoonish design game. things move in silly manners, nothing feels grimdark or heavy and bulky, everything moves in unison (squad wise) or they move too fluidly and quick. take for example in DoW 2, when your space marines move, they look and feel like goddamn space marines, they are bulky, heavy, huge, slow. thats just not here.Avoid this game at all costs, even if it is on sale, unless its like $5, but even then, i would still not really recommend it. as much as i really do not want to, i am forcing myself to play through this slog♥♥♥♥♥♥heap of a game to beat the campaign mode, solely for the Blood Ravens lore. i could look it up, but it just isnt the same...i need every little detail.this review was written after only 2.5 hours. really speaks volumes that early on to get this bad a review."
,Not Recommended,285190,34328967,Posted: 18 August,all,Locutus of Borg,"I wish i could get a refundI loved dow 1 and 2, each had a different flavourdow1=mass units and enjoy the carnagedow2=tactics and microdow3=... Moba/c&c4 style rts which is... badIve tried to lik eit , put in the hours, but i ahd to uninstall.I found myself falling asleep playing ittheres no repay value. few maps, only 3 races which have a very limited roster of troopsI have no idea how tehy can say this is the game they have allways wanted... if thats the case they should of beta tested the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa this with the wider community, hell even alpha so they could of been slaped back into shape.Its not a Moba, its not really an RTS. its... c&c4 reskined. if u liked that, go for itotherwise, save yourself the trouble and play shougun2, rome 2, warhammer total war, c&c3. those RTS deserve your time. If your feeling brave? go b ack to teh 90's early 2000's. try kknd krossfire, and rising lands both fantastic examples of RTS done right!i hope ive pursuaded even just one person to steer clear of this limeted attempt at bringing to life 40k. get dow1 or two for the real experience."
76561197978141128,Not Recommended,285190,31403725,Posted: 27 April,all,Skippy,"If you're looking for the sweeping single player campagins from the previous two Dawn of War games save your cash. The single player is a series of bolted on tutorials, the voice acting is terrible and everything you do funnels you into multiplayer. Do not buy if you want a fun campagin!"
76561197971220592,Not Recommended,285190,31397167,Posted: 27 April,all,Apex,THIS GAME IS HERESY. PURGE IT.
,Not Recommended,285190,31502048,Posted: 2 May,all,BuLLeT,"-16h of playtime-played nearly every wh40k game out there, even the bad ones. ( never played tabletop though)if you are looking for just another wh40k game, you found it. its not as good as dow 2 or even dow 1. they tried to mix in these two but missed the core part of dow 2.- linear campgaign- no loot to find and equip- no meaningfull lv ups ( you unlock portraits, paint and coins to buy elites. not stats boosts)- this is dow 3, not eldar rising. as in too much of that eldar crap for my taste- macha the main elite of eldars is too underpowered. she cant take a hit and does little to no dmg on top of that- there are alot of elites, but alot of them are pretty useless.all in all its still worth playing if you really like wh40k. 60€? no. wait for the price to go down.its a pitty though. i loved dow 2 for having so much choices on how you play and what you do. you could just play endless sidemissions to upgrade your squads with the equipment you wanted. in chaos rising you could even corrupt your squads to get a different ending scene. this game just feels lackluster. it got all of the dow stuff in it sure. you can equip doctrines if you have some to modify your army. but while playing the campaign to the last mission i never unlocked even one. why? because i dont care about multiplayer? not my fault.they could have made loot drops to equip your elites with. they could have made simple defense, kill or capture sidemissions for extra loot and exp. instead they made something that doesnt even feel like wh40k till the last missions.never tried multiplayer though"
76561198009812754,Not Recommended,285190,34472376,Posted: 24 August,all,Top_Privilege,"I am a massive Warhammer and DOW fan. I know that I might be showing my greybeard-ness but... this just does not feel like DOW. Multiplayer is fine and all but this game was way too heavy on that, The campain is kinda boring with an awful ending. Also even if you are an Eldar fan you will hate, and I mean HHAAATTEEE! the eldar missions so much. Voice actors though are pretty cool! miss the old Gabe voice but this ones is cool. All and all, if you like only multiplayer get it at a discount. If you want single player, play litterially any other DOW."
76561198071318031,Not Recommended,285190,31582007,Posted: 6 May,all,W4R eZ,I cant get into this game. The campaign has like no strategy judging from the first mission I played. Cant even bring myself to continue. They should've just remastered DOW 1 and we could've all been happy.
,Not Recommended,285190,33709698,Posted: 21 July,all,Cyber_Donkey,"Every bad thing you've heard about this game? The stuff they were saying even before the game was out? True. All of it. There's nothing good about this game.Edit: I'm playing DoW III right now, and nothing about it is good. I am just trying to get through the campaign. Bought it because I was manic at the time, and instantly regretted it. I'd known it was going to be terrible since before it was in beta, and I was right. Cartoony, breaks lore, emphasis is on abilities, buildings are clumsy and useless. Terrible game all around. They took out the best parts of both 1 and 2, and threw together a Starcraft 2 clone that fails to be even as good as SC2, even though it has WH40k lore to back it up. So disappointed."
76561197961954403,Not Recommended,285190,31487180,Posted: 1 May,all,t4u6,It's decent but I do not enjoy it like DOW1 back in the day.I want epic battles (it's Warhammer ffs) but they make it more MOBA friendly instead and go the COH2 route which is pretty stupid when you are supposed to command an army or at least feel like something big but we end up playing squads and doing more micro over the years I really can't say I like how things go for RTS these days.I'm a 40k fan so yeah it's a meh I won't even touch it otherwise.
,Not Recommended,285190,31403006,Posted: 27 April,all,archonsod,"A major let down for what used to be a great series.I can see where the MOBA comparison comes in (which I disagree with. F2P Mobile would probably be a better comparison) - your basic units have very little survivability while your elites can simply carve a path through a multitude of them before dying. Unfortunately this means the combat has all the depth of a rather high mountain peak - spam basic unit of choice (theoretically they're split into anti-vehicle, melee and ranged. In practice it makes very little difference), charge like a mindless horde at a given target. If an enemy elite turns up tackle them with your own elites, send whatever is left in to do as much damage as possible to whichever of the three targets you're currently trying to take out. Rinse and repeat until either someone wins or the heat death of the universe, whichever comes first.  Most units have abilities which can change the tide of battle. In theory. In practice while you could micromanage your way to RSI in an effort to play optimally the difference on the end result is again pretty negligible.The unit cap is much higher, so you can field a lot more units which in theory should lead to a spectacular epic-scale battle. Unfortunately the practical once again falls flat - graphically it's pretty drab (and by default you're zoomed so far out what you're largely watching is one indistinguishable blob fighting another), and since the unique death animations and similar have been dropped in favour of people simply falling over in a pool of blood it's visually about as enthralling as watching paint dry.Unfortunately with the core gameplay being so lacklustre not only would I not recommend buying it now, I can't really see a way they could salvage it enough to recommend it after a couple of years and a 5% off sale."
76561197964928567,Not Recommended,285190,34001411,Posted: 3 August,all,masterslay,"Dont really like this game, hoped it would be dawn of war 2 with company of heroes building structure.Also negative for relic closing down their forum for dawn of war 1 and 2 mods. It was forum filled with treasured mods by the community, that blow this game way out of the water.Nice way to shut down competion!not!Relic games has been really lackluster ever since they got aquired by sega. Still stay with company of heroes 1 and dow 1+2 for now. I am about to lose faith relic will ever make a real comeback."
,Not Recommended,285190,33538667,Posted: 14 July,all,Howz,If you like dawn of war 1 avoid this game it's not for you I'm afraid.If you liked dawn of war 2 avoid this game it's not for you I'm afraidIf you liked  Starcraft avoid this game it's not for you I'm afraid .Now if you liked just watching epic battles roll out across fields of destruction right in front of your eyes with little to no strategy past Rock Paper Scissors and armies that have either no skill level or more than the clunky UI can deal with then this is just right for you.
,Not Recommended,285190,34923531,Posted: 13 September,all,Elchardus,"This game would perhaps be decent if the name was not Dawn of War.One would almost think they misused that title to increase the amount of copies sold.BUT nonetheless, they created expectations with it. Which were not met of course (at the moment)."
,Not Recommended,285190,34038309,Posted: 5 August,all,Irritatedcone,"This isn't DoW. Terrible campaign, awful multiplayer."
76561198002033879,Not Recommended,285190,31483258,Posted: 1 May,all,Danazael,"(Exhales). Here we go. In the interest of credentials, I have been playing RTS games, Games Workshop games (both digital and table-top) for over 20 years. At the time of writing I have spent 19 hours completing the single player campaign as well as four skirmishes – two vs AI and two vs human opponents, as well as having participated in the beta. This one’s a bit of a rant, but bear with me, many of you may not agree with my sentiment, and that’s OK, we’re all entitled to our opinions. Free speech is a beautiful thing. I feel I am echoing the feelings of thousands out there. I only write this because I care.Simple review (4 words): What a massive disappointment.Expanded review (the good, the bad and the downright ugly): Picture the management meeting over at Sega a few months ago… “We’ll make a game that takes the best elements of SC2, LoL and DOTA and have a hit on our hands where we will have the biggest competitive eSports title of all-time, which should make us billions in profit.”Dead wrong.You slapped the GW 40K IP onto this title as the face of your monstrosity without realising who your market is: intelligent people. This game is way too dumbed down to be taken seriously by hardcore RTS or 40K fans, never mind the legions of DOW fans – all of whom are generally quite intelligent people, in my experience -  who expected that at least the core elements that made the other games excellent would be retained. Sadly though, this is only a Dawn of War title by name and a creative stretch by invoking characters from previous games, that’s where the similarities end. Ever heard of the old epithet, ‘if it’s not broke, don’t fix it’ (rather take a decade of development to improve on your award-winning formula).The single player campaign is so unengaging and uninteresting, others have made analogies to it being akin to nothing more than a drawn-out tutorial and sadly, I must agree. I buy strategy titles for the single player campaigns, which are more reliable and much less toxic than joining the arena of online vitriol out there. The writing, script and narrative of this campaign are full of cliches, barely adhere to 40K lore (GW approved this thing?) and are an example of pathetic sophomore writing being supplied in AAA format. Hire me Relic, I’ll write your next game for free if this is your standard.Most of the campaign involved attack-moving a big blob of troops across the map, steam-rolling everything they moved over like locusts (regardless of race), occasionally using a hero’s ability or two, hardly strategy. Bases are impractical, don’t need defending and everything feels so disposable. The cover system is a terrible idea (seriously guys, ‘bubble domes’?). The withdraw mechanic, a good one at that from previous titles, is removed too… not such a great idea. At release game is buggy, I had a few sound glitches, my pre-order content (skins) did not work and as an extra slap-in-the-face, when finishing the campaign the achievements for doing so didn’t even trigger, can we get a slow-clap for Sega please. Surprisingly these guys released Total War: Warhammer, which is a solid title.No Last Stand mode at release? The mode that is still widely played and possibly the best thing about DoW? With a game blatantly attempting a massive cash grab, I’m frankly surprised. But it’s the eSports billions they’re after, not creating an enjoyable experience for single players out there who might not enjoy competitive gaming, I forgot. Another classic example of big budget paid-for good reviews. Metacritic says this, this other random guy with a YouTube channel says that… who cares? You paid them for favourable reviews, it’s obvious because most of the players I’ve chatted with in real life or online are not exactly fond of this title already: a game we waited so many years for and are utterly disappointed by.Multiplayer – it may not be a pure MOBA, but it sure feels like one. Describing characters as ‘nukers’? Pull the other one, it’s got bells on it.  Did you ever consider that there are thousands of players out there who may not like this as the only multiplayer mode. That’s rhetorical, hence the lack of question marking. This game needs other multiplayer modes released very quickly if it is not to die in an abyss of obscurity, Last Stand and traditional RTS modes included. DLC containing (decent) campaigns for new races is hopefully a priority, bearing in mind all of the negative press (i.e. Actual player reviews) that this is getting.The menu UI is awful, I was laughing through the game credits when I saw how many people worked on this and how not one of them had the balls to raise this as a potential issue... ""uh, Larry, does this UI feel clunky at all to you?"". Also, I need to point this out specifically and this is not a spoiler - the music in the final mission of the campaign, it sounds like a hyper-active broken car alarm and I actually had to mute the game. Seriously guys, it's supremely annoying, how could you have let that slip through the net of quality-control? This applies to changing races every single level of the campaign, thus having no consistency... simply put: are you out of your freakin' minds? I've never seen a 40K player who wanted to play a different race every turn of the game - appalling design choice. If Sega was a dog I'd be yelling 'bad Sega' and rubbing your nose in the mess you've made. Did you honestly play-test (or finish) this title?Let me highlight the good: I thought the voice acting for the Orks was decent and provided a few laughs in places. Zooming in on character models shows a good level of detail put into the game, what 40K gamer doesn’t like to see these beings brought to life - the engine and graphics are great, that's about it... now it just needs to be applied to content that is actually engaging.In conclusion (if you’re still reading I applaud you, literate soul) I’m just saddened by the fact that I feel this is one of those games I won’t ever open again now, and it will linger on my PC (an Alienware 17 laptop, so the game runs fine) for a while, before an inevitable uninstall, making way for something that is actually fun and rewarding to play. This is all hopefully taken in the spirit of constructive criticism and I hope that Sega and Relic employees might read this, from a gamer’s perspective. After so many years of waiting: your game is a massive let-down.*ps. I have the feeling my reviews may sometimes be needed and would possibly be more entertaining if filmed, let me know if this is something any of you might like to see."
76561198071161472,Not Recommended,285190,31399805,Posted: 27 April,all,KhornateZerker,"WHAT THE **** AM I PLAYINGHOW THE **** COULD THIS ****ING ******** CALLING ITSELF A DAWN OF WARthere are pros and there are cons but i'm clearly not in the right mood to make a rational talk, this game is so ****ed up to the extent i lose the ability to properly organize my language, so, in short, nicely done SEGA.as a long-time 40k player both on tabletop and in DOW series i feel OFFENDED by this ********  and i'm pretty sure many 40k fans will have a bad night this day. one have to wonder how could a company released a MISERABLE HALF FINISHED product like this and called it a complete game, but again, i underestimated SEGA.what a grave mistake I have made.I paid $120 for ETERNAL CRUSADE from the very day 1, before it hit steam;I proudly owned the SPACE HULK: DEATHWING while know nothing about the actual gameplay;I thought it was enough, I thought I could survive DOWIII no matter how bad it is.I was wrong.THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: HOPE IS THE FIRST STEP ON THE ROAD TO DISSAPOINTMENT.AND TO DEAR DEV OR WHOEVER MADE THIS ****, MAY YOU ALL BURN IN WARPFIRE."
,Not Recommended,285190,33306022,Posted: 6 July,all,RecluseGamer,"Oh, you wanted a sequal to an award winning RTS? Too bad, here's a MOBA that blows."
76561198006600105,Not Recommended,285190,33367936,Posted: 8 July,all,sajaxom,"I've put hundreds of hours into Dawn of War (DoW) and DoW2, and the same with Company of Heroes (CoH) and CoH2. Naturally, I preordered DoW3. After the massive RTS battles of DoW and the smaller but much more tactical/RPG-esque Dow2, a hybrid of the two sounded wonderful. But DoW3 isn't the best of both worlds - it's just boring. Gone are the physics of battle - my assault marines have no impact when they jump into the fray, and opposing troops just run through my melee line with no interaction. Gone are the visceral animations and kill sequences that have defined the Warhammer genre. Gone are the tactical elements like suppression and cover that make you care about the map. Gone are the driving story elements that make you want to complete that next objective. This is just build horde, send horde across map, repeat.If you love Starcraft 2, you'll probably be comfortable with this. If you love DoW and CoH, you're almost certainly going to be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,285190,31399661,Posted: 27 April,all,Black Cat,"I am not going to recommend the game, at this time. This is really intended to be a multiplayer rts. It does not have the same charm as dawn of war 2, with its co-op campaign, and massive amounts of wargear. Nor does it have the same charm as dow1, with its tons of units to choose from, and base building. They tried to do a fusion of the two games, and it falls short of average, by several milestones. It HAD potential, but as it stands, its just not worth the price. To the developers, this is worth 20 dollars, MAX! Its not good enough to warrant the current price tag. Even if you added more content, its still not worth the extra!Their dev time would have been better spent adding more content to dow2, as it really was a unique game. They finished off dow1, added every race but the tyranids, so not much room to expand. Dow2 had a lot they could do with it, adding more armies and campaigns, even if through dlc. As it stands, the developers decided to neglect a good product, in favor of making a sub par game, that is having difficulty trying to be what it wants to be."
,Not Recommended,285190,31445435,Posted: 29 April,all,HMS_Indy_Capt_Ford,"they killed Dawn Of War and replaced it with a MOBA.appaling lack of maps on launch (not that it matters because MOBAs are awful map wise ""hey which lane. top. middle. or bottom lane?""the campaign is god awful, a glorified tutorial for multiplayer, after the 3 missions introducing each race its like they just threw in some filler missions.they got rid of morale systems. there is no pinning enemy units meaning a lack in depth in setting up defenses.insane levels of micro management perhaps there to distract players from the lack of content in the game.3 races, and of those 3 races there are barely any units for them.the graphics are nice though"
76561198007288726,Not Recommended,285190,31880787,Posted: 21 May,all,Botu,"I am a hardcore fan of the Warhammer universe, and therefore I try to play every game that involvers 40K and fantasy games. And yes, of course, I´ve played, enjoyed and finished DOW1 and DOW2 (and all its expansions) so I was waiting (really hyped) for DOW3…And all the hype really gone down when I finished my first mission with my beloved space marines and I CAN NOT continue the campaign without playing ork and eldar missions…  factions I am NOT interested in…Normally when you play a chapter of a saga (DOW) you expect:-	The things that “worked” be respected: Likeo	Ability to play with the faction you likeo	A non-linear story (you can choose at least between two missions).o	Feel the progression of you “leaders” and get involvedBut then you play DOW3, (60 euros … wow!!! ) , and what you get:-	A totally linear campaign…   You do not chose missions… the campaign it´s absolutely linear.-	Sometimes you play with the faction you like, sometimes NO.-	You do not get involved, because when you play with one of the characters the next mission you will play with the other factions and leaders.-	You ready yourself to play with one faction, and learn the hotkeys and get used to them, and then you jump to play with a different faction.You know..   what a waste of resources and what a fatal design idea …A total disappointment…   stay away from this failure….   return my money back!!!"
76561197970705334,Not Recommended,285190,34639371,Posted: 31 August,all,plaugexl,"While a graphically impressive sequel, the games mechanics lack the depth you would expect from this generation of RTS games. Almost a step backwards to the original dawn of war.The single player game is repetitive, disjointed and after a while dull. Multiplayer is exciting for a few bouts but no more than previous games."
76561197970770527,Not Recommended,285190,31642583,Posted: 9 May,all,Noddy,Destroyed a great game. locked up so much content so they can sell it as an add-on later.Don't waste your money.
76561198048355835,Not Recommended,285190,34470685,Posted: 24 August,all,Ruytoteles,"The game lacks from a serious lack of content, and the AI of the units is terrible for an RTS. Your units can stand being shot by a wave of enemies, without counterattacking. In addition, the few races are very unbalanced (especially Marines vs Eldar).I have played DOW 1 & 2. I don't find the new multiplayer mode as bad as some people say, although I have the feeling that games are reduced to an initial rush to get as many capture points as you can, and once you have fortified one of those, it is very hard to get kicked out (especially playing Marines). I would love to see deeper strategy options."
76561198022955574,Not Recommended,285190,31396613,Posted: 27 April,all,Yakumo Yukari,"I cant' believe Im playing Dawn of War 3 rather than it's prototypeThe AI is sooooo stupid and cant fight back when attackedRetreat is goneDynamic Cover is goneItem Slot is gone (OK, DOW1 hardcore)The whole game looks like a Starcraft 2 Fanmade game, and a bad oneI cant believe the dev dare to announce this kind of game in 2017, this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is even worse than COH1 in 2006, in every aspect.I would rather go back and play COH and DOW2You deserve everything that happens to you, Relic."
76561197972861890,Not Recommended,285190,33049075,Posted: 30 June,all,Wadanny,"Firstly, I think Relic is a great team and as a long time 40K fan, they've done the franchise more justice than any other game developer. Dawn of War 1 was THE 40K video game as far as I'm concerned (particularly Dark Crusade). DoW 2 wasn't my cup of tea but I still respected it as an RTS with a micro rather than macro focus and loved Last Stand!Whilst DoW 3 occasionally recalls the glory, scale and chaotic gameplay which made the first one so much fun for me, I have the following concerns having played 3.•	Despite the recent patch to restore more RTS-based elements, it seems like this game was designed with one central philosophy: to be enough like a MOBA to attract the MOBA fanbase and E-Sports spotlight, but still enough like an RTS that the original fanbase wouldn't notice. I have nothing against evolving a games series but I don't think 40K's gritty realism lends itself to the highly nuanced format of the MOBA.•	40K is one franchise where the art design needs to be right. It's built on a rich background of traditional artwork that strongly conveys the decayed and generally gothic nature of the future we have in the 41st millennium. The more cartoony style does not work so well here, particularly the scaling of the characters (I have an image of poor Gabriel being crushed up awkwardly against the walls of his Rhino transport!)•	That there are less races is a problem. Whilst some have claimed that this is offset by the quality of design, I personally feel that DoW 1 had as much identity and technical quality built into each race and still managed 4 instead of 3. There being 4, again in DoW 2 set a standard which has regressed in 3, considering a similar amount of money is being charged.I do not know how well this game is doing and I want to support it and continue to play, however I feel that the series should go back to basics as a full-bird RTS, this is where Relic's development prowess really shines."
76561198008534186,Not Recommended,285190,33215305,Posted: 3 July,all,GarbageJuice,Game is horribly low on content. I've seen DLC's with more content than this; not even remotely worth full price.Give Last Stand pls so there is some reason to open the game.
76561197985041888,Not Recommended,285190,33575407,Posted: 15 July,all,TooLateToTalk,Very disappointed. I'll finish it but I won't put anymore money into it. Go back to DOW2 look at the mega mod and build off that. I want titans and big battles not a rip off version with a league of legends feel.
,Not Recommended,285190,32264997,Posted: 8 June,all,xrisopsaro,This game is in Alpha.Beta or whatever. worst campaign i ever played in my life. As a fun i tried and after 50h played i give up i cant do this anymore. i want my money back so i buy a real release.
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,285190,31523361,Posted: 3 May,all,AiDec,"Bad game.Too few races, way too few maps, too few game modes. Too many bugs, lacks of many basic user friendly features."
,Not Recommended,285190,34486739,Posted: 25 August,all,Lord of Raw,"RTS light...  paper, scissor, rock mob-blobs rushing objectives. Relic have TOTALLY missed the point on what makes their games stand out, never thought I'd see the day that I'd refund one of their games (especially a DoW/40k game). I hope they can recapture the magic ''everyone gets one''"
,Not Recommended,285190,33319930,Posted: 6 July,all,Doom,"To be honest, if you compare this to Dawn of War 1... ♥♥♥♥ this is such a joke.First the gameplay than the graphics"
,Not Recommended,285190,31398731,Posted: 27 April,all,Ego,"If you have ever played SC2's minigames and played any of the attack in a straight line and spam units until the enemy nexus is dead, then you have played Dawn of War III.If you like building bases and enjoying a game of attrition this is not the game for you. Base building is non existant in this game."
76561198006566676,Not Recommended,285190,33211774,Posted: 3 July,all,sgtadam428,"Everything that made the other games Warhammer games has been completly removed. You could replace the characters with litterally anything else, and it would be the same exact game, it's completly generic. The space marines might as well be my little ponies and you probably wouldn't even notice. What a waste of time."
76561198023332406,Not Recommended,285190,33618628,Posted: 17 July,all,realtimes,Pros: graphics are fineCons: everything else
,Not Recommended,285190,32187373,Posted: 4 June,all,FARGE!,"Well...there's some fun to be had here.Starting with the Campaign, which (as others have said) feels like a long winded tutorial, you will be exposed to the mechanics of the game. Some of the missions allow for a handful of strategies, but for the most part you are expected to waltz your hero unit through the map in some sort of ordered sequence. ""Going to this point will lower that bridge and get you more units"" etc. After a campaign of weaving my elite units through scripted mazes, I finally felt I had enough ""skulls"" (a currency to unlock more elites and skills for multiplayer mode) to tackle some 3v3's.Multiplayer is essentially barebones. Before this patch I believe there were 3 3v3 maps, which was rectified by simply taking a 2v2 map and making it a 3v3. There are MOBA-esque ""lanes"" and a middle player who often will come in to help where it is needed. Typically each person will run down their respected lanes capturing resource points, much like previous DoW titles. Every match I have played has come down to a fight over the middle, with whichever team having the majority of resource points after this initial battle having a high favorability to win the match entirely. The reason for this is their resource advantage will help them snowball the rest of the match. It is often times you will see players at lower rankings simply leave after this initial fight and a good army wipe because they have figured ""it's all lost"" and chances are: they are problably correct.Of the resources there is Requisiton, Power, and Elite points. Elite points are what you use to call in your chosen Elite units. Prior to each match you pick 3 of your unlocked elites to be available to you in the match. Each elite has its own required amount of Elite points to be called down. There is no punishment for losing an elite unit other than being unable to use said elite until its respawn time is up, at which time it can then be called back to battle (for free and inifitely). While this allows for different strategies, I've noticed the same heroes used in almost every match by almost every race because there is a definite ""meta"". Some elite units are capable of ""nuking"" entire squads of enemies nearly instantaneously. The strength of these abilities makes microing their ""kits"" in typical MOBA fashion a must. As many others have said before, regular units are secondary though microing through their abilities is also very important for particular races.As an eldar player, I've seen many battles against other eldar where we would click our units back and forth, left and right, all to avoid the others squad's possible grenade lob. Typically, whoever gets hit by said skillshot would be forced to retreat to recover. The skill shot itself is not necessarily powerful, but the knockdown effect on your units will cause them to get swarmed and take heavy damage while you watch your units try to get back on their feet (as if they aren't getting riddled with bullets). Often times entire skirmishes are determined by one skill shot which is insanely frustrating in some of the more maze like maps where the pathways are very narrow. While there is satisfaction in watching an enemy's army get ""nuked"" in one or two clicks, the flip side is that it can (and will) happen to you.Assaulting bases is another difficulty and a place where I have mixed feelings. Each ""lane"" in the game (be it 3v3, 2v2, or 1v1) has with it a ""shield generator"" which must be destroyed. Once you destroy an enemy's shield generator, you may attack the stationary turret behind it. Yes, that's right, much like a turret you'd find in any MOBA. The reason for my mixed feelings on this is simply put that it DOES prevent early game rushes. The only problem with that a match is going poorly enough that I'd rather them just crush me now than to watch my slow demise for another 10-20 minutes. Vice versa, when you are dominating an opponent it feels just as annoying to have to wait for some form of heavy weapon while killing the few units they are able to produce to try to stop you.Each match is broken into ""stages"" as time goes on. If you lose a squad in stage one, you will get most of the money for that back. As the stages go by, the match gives less leg room for failure. As of this patch it seems as though they have made some improvements, specifically with turrets (which can only be built on requistion points) and an increase in the amount of resources obtained. I forget much of the specifics of the phases but I can say ""it feels better"".Not to say the patch overall feels better as an Eldar player. I have heard time and time again by Space marine players to simply ""hit and run"" against opponents, but that remains rather difficult considering the amount of knockdown, the speed of my opponents, and the overall narrowness of some maps. Balancing seems to go back and forth in this game, with melee having been far superior in the previous patch to now seeing mostly bolter spam and tactical marines. There is a particular Space marine elite squad which has a flamethrower that not only slows units, but kills them quickly. Having to know the skill sets of a number of different enemy heroes becomes easy because you will see the same ones over and over again. Which leads me to my overall opinion of the game:It is relatively boring. The ""meta"" that has taken form has involved the same handful of heroes and the spam of the same unit types. Spam melee units in the first patch, spam ranged in the second. Moba aspects aside, this COULD be a very interesting game. There are a variety of very interesting units and contrary to the complaints I've heard, the art style does not strike me as cartoonish. I believe that in time they could make this a decent game but I fear that by then they will have lost much of the small community they have.It was a valiant effort to revitalize a genre and name brand but it was too little too late Relic. I unfortunately have uninstalled to make room on my SSD for other endeavors."
76561198024623298,Not Recommended,285190,32329825,Posted: 10 June,all,clownman2365,Its so incredibly disappointing....  It has a crummy campeign.  multiplayer saves it some... but meh... not worth the money until it drops to 20.
,Not Recommended,285190,33639721,Posted: 18 July,all,Kerberos Alpha,"If they called this game ""40k: The Casual MOBA"" instead of Dawn of War, it would have been better received. Every other aspect of the game besides the way it looks falls somewhere between bland and bad. They don't get 40k right. They don't get DoW right. They don't get an enguaging and compelling campeign right. It's hard to call the game bad, but very easy not to call it good. It's pretty meh, which is sad since there will never be another chance for a DoW 3.If you find it on sale for like 20 bucks, it's worth it. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,285190,33338184,Posted: 7 July,all,TяσυвιєSтαя,That's not Dawn of War. Comic with bad Animations.Do Not Support that Game !!
76561198028140827,Not Recommended,285190,31494173,Posted: 1 May,all,Basher,"I love the atmosphere the music creates. It really suits the hoplessness one feels while play the campaign and it becomes obvious, this game is nothing special. It is something mediocre, boring and unimaginative. Rushed out to make cash. Thanks relic you really crushed my hopes."
76561197969097316,Not Recommended,285190,31437179,Posted: 29 April,all,easy0n,"Someone had a hard-on for the Imperial Knight unit and tried to build a game around it.I didn't care about any unit I sent to its death.There is no loot, so there is no customization that acctually maters.Game summed up in one word for fans of DoW 2 : Disappointment."
76561197964177136,Not Recommended,285190,33978133,Posted: 2 August,all,Aaron Rodgers,Waste of 60$ any way you cut it.
76561197971879553,Not Recommended,285190,34235419,Posted: 14 August,all,FreeSpace,"I have almost completed this game and it is getting boring I have only 11hrs of game play. Dawn of War II: Chaos Rising and Darn of War II: Retribution I have 45 hours in each and I still play them. There should have been a campaign for each of the races instead of switch between the two and that kills the immersion for me. But I have enjoyed it, I'm just not shure that I will play anymore."
76561198000468261,Not Recommended,285190,32291792,Posted: 9 June,all,zumao4ever,"Horrible disappointment. Somehow didn't take COH2 as a sign and got it at full price. Now too late to refund...SP is a joke, and overall mechanics feel like a poorly stitched frankenstein.Stay away until it's dirt cheap on sale..."
76561198047383136,Not Recommended,285190,33699076,Posted: 21 July,all,Jimmu Tenno,"The game is a major disappointment. The campaign was soulless, slow, had bugs, force you to play all races.The multiplayer is really uninspiring, it lacks the tactical depth (cover especially) of DOW 2, it does not provide the long, furious battle of DOW 1.The major problem for me is that to glorify Elite abilities, they made all units weaks, expandable. That alone would not be fun, but it encourages players to abuse any balance problem, and prevent you to deal with it.The second problem is that MP is tightly managed by upkeek, increasing income phases, unit obsolescence (tier 1 unit does not stand a chance), and you don't really have large tactical possibilities, so every game follow exactly the same path. The MP is extremely repetitive, I've never seen that in any other RTS."
76561198061885624,Not Recommended,285190,34150061,Posted: 10 August,all,SoulStrider,In every skirmish game I kill enough marines to cover their entire chapter and they keep spitting out more.0/10 Death to the false emperor and his infinite slaves.Warhammer 40k skin over a generic rts
,Not Recommended,285190,33683649,Posted: 20 July,all,Zurv,"*sigh* I'm not sure who is game is for.. but if i wanted to play a moba i'd play a moba (and a good one at that)Honestly i wanted CoH warhammer. That was the dream, but i was up for some other vision.But ugh.. thank for the buidlings being back, but what happened cover? upgrades? *sigh* A poor story that was only there for players to train for the boring multiplayer. This makes me very sad.On a plus side the game looks pretty."
76561197977665332,Not Recommended,285190,32213393,Posted: 5 June,all,skturnbow,Unfortunately... very poor game when compared with prior versions.  This is not worth $60... maybe $20... even then... very poor campaign and very buggy.
76561198029114216,Not Recommended,285190,32189022,Posted: 4 June,all,Retribution,"So to pretty much get to the point, this is not a completed game worth the $60 usd.  There are only 3 factions, not the usual 4 you see when Dawn of War 1 and 2 was first released.  There are only 7 maps in multiplayer and theyre divided so its four 3v3 maps, two 2v2, and one 1v1.  Like only ONE 1v1 map!? As you can see that will get boring quickly.  It is a decent game  because I do play it for the multiplayer.  The campaign is some what enjoyable,  the campaign style is like Dawn of War Winter Assualt where is swtiches you between factions.Unfortunately I cannot and would not reccommend this game at its current state.  Its not worth the full price of $60 usd.  I'm hoping the Devs release more content and soon like every other Dawn of War games do ""expansions"" execpt this time they did it wrong cause the base game barely has any depth to it.  I wouldnt be surprised it they released a whole new game with extra stuff to continue the story...Edit: Game still lacks the content it needs but it is ""slowly"" improving with adding new maps for 2v2 and 3v3 modes (2 so far).  However, still gets pretty boring after a few hours of playing it.  It nice the Devs are actually taking community feedback but at a snails pace. They need to start releasing new races/units or something... Still not worth $60 USD"
76561198034578160,Not Recommended,285190,34336849,Posted: 18 August,all,Quenth,"Dawn of war: Ok Basebuilding, fun missions and so interesting unit design.Dawn of war II: fun and interesting gameplay, gereat campaign and funn online which adds atleast 15 hours more gameplay.Dawn of war III: None of the above."
,Not Recommended,285190,31429827,Posted: 28 April,all,Elkinda,"I love DoW 1 and 2, I am disapointed in 3."
76561198041469084,Not Recommended,285190,31404697,Posted: 27 April,all,Aurenical,"Where to start...Firstly, I'm a huge Warhammer fan (Not the TT, but since DoW, I've loved the 40k and Fantasy series), I own every expansion for DoW and the Total War game, and played at least 10 play thrus of DoW2.  So needless to say, I was amped for this game. I preferred the RPG tactics gameplay of 2, but I poured hours and hours into the campaigns of the expansions for DoW, so this was something that I wanted to enjoy.And the design is great (I know I didn't play for very long, but I'll get to how I can't recommend based solely on that short time), but there's a few GLARING flaws that make this game not only something I can't recommend, but something I can't even bring myself to play.For starters, I'm not a huge graphics player, but I have a pretty gnarly monster that can play anything currently out at Ultra settings with no issues. So when I found that this game's sprites are blocky AF, and there's no menu to change settings for graphics in the game as a whole (I may have simply missed it, but there's only one freaking page of menu, so I can't see how I missed it), that was a HUGE negative in my book. But something I can overlook if the game is fun.And here's where the game just can't be redeemed. So, I will say the game is designed well. The units move well, the combat works great, in essence, and the ideas are solid. BUT... you have to use WASD keys to move around the map. Which wouldn't be a problem if the keybinds to unit abilites weren't also bound to some of those same keys, and DON'T WORK!Gabriel's clear out move is tied to W, but tapping W just moves the camera up. So you have to click on the ability. And there's no way to reassign the keybind (none that I found, but again, unless they hid all the freaking menus, it's not there) for anything!  Big fail, Relic. And a failure that I can't overlook, since it literally breaks the flow of the game design. You know, the intentional design YOU PUT IN.Now, if these are just bugs that they fix, the graphics issue is still a huge negative, but I can overlook that. If they patch out the camera and power control issues, I may give this another chance. I REALLY want this game to be playable, and I really forced it for the mission I played, but it's just so bad that I can't even force it."
76561198027917191,Not Recommended,285190,32208976,Posted: 5 June,all,m.koopman,"I waited quite some time to get this game and, despite of a lot of people warning me, it got it and tried hard to like it... But: I was expecting an RTS not MOBA.My biggest concern is the Multiplayer, because:- It only has one mode: Destroy three targets (Shield>Turret>Energy Core)- It is only possible to play in two teamc( no 2v2v2v2  only 1v1, 2v2, 3v3)- It is only possinle to play with max size of 3 Palyers per side.- the unique selling point of dawn of war: terrain cover is gone.BUT the biggest dissapointment is: that your whole army can be executed by one attack... every 2 minutes... which makes big battels pointless or last only 20 seconds.Since I don't belive that the gameplay in Multiplayer will be changed, I can not recommend this Game for anyone looking to buy a Dawn of war game or an RTS."
76561198027904750,Recommended,285190,31421463,Posted: 28 April,all,TheAnonymousOne,"Alright, having read many of the complaining reviews, I'm going to be honest: Dawn of War 3 is a decent game with an extremely fun campaign, a very Dawn of War plot, and  a lot of cool features, and personally I think the new multiplayer is better than Dawn of War 2's.Anyone remember DoW 2's multiplayer? You ran around humping capture points while you tried to use four squads to cover an entire map, and there was no support for more than four units. Cut to Dawn of War 3, and there is full support for command groups, base building and various 'doctrines'. People complain about Eldar not being able to change their HQ's position in multiplayer, but in Dawn of War 2 YOU COULDN'T BUILD ANYTHING BUT TURRETS. If that!Sure, you need to blow up a base defense turret, eliminating Rush strategies... but you couldn't rush in 2 either, because of turrets and the fact that command posts were so heavily armored that an entire army hammering on em for ten minutes would only take off half their health.The bottom line is that the people complaining about the multiplayer are being VERY self-serving in their memory. Complaining about the lack of variety in modes is fine. Complaining about the game being 'a MOBA' is nonsense."
,Not Recommended,285190,34327393,Posted: 18 August,all,Yoshilin,"I've been waiting years for this game after the disappointment that was Dawn of War 2. This is a failed attempt to capture the oh-so popular MOBA audience, whilst also trying to hold-on to Dawn of War's traditional RTS audience.I could rant about this game all day, and as of writing I've only played an hour. What I will say though, is there is a severe lack of content for a $60+ game - 3 factions is just rude and a sign of blatant DLC scumbaggery to come (not entirely unheard of for a Relic game mind you), the map pool is laughably small and between the ""campaign"" that's little more than a glorified tutorial and the 2 game-modes for skirmish it leaves a lot to be desired...My biggest gripe with this game is actually the lack of modding support though - the original DoW had some amazing community made mods, mods that could have added the content that this game is lacking... Even Company of Heroes 2 has custom game-modes at least.In conclusion it's just a very bland RTS with shoehorned MOBA elements and a 40K wrapping paper. Very disappointing."
,Not Recommended,285190,34019272,Posted: 4 August,all,Apathetic Owl,"I was waiting for this game for years and oh boy that was not worth it.I dont wanna make it a really long and borring review so lets keep it simple. I played both betas and don't really want to play more of this...__________________________________________________________________________________Pros:1. Voice acting is really good (for Eldar and Orks, most SM are terrbile)2. Really cool to see some epic units from the lore and tabletop like: Phoenix Lord Jain Zar, Wraith Knights, Imperial Knights,  more aspect warriors for eldar that we havent seen before in previous games.3. Music is actually not bad, not all of it great, but quite decent.4. Campaign is sometimes fun gameplaywise but the plot is as bad as in all previous DOW games.Aaand thats it.__________________________________________________________________________________Cons:1. Removal of cover system. Those bubbles are the worst, the only thing they do is prolongue game for no reason. This game mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Moba+rts.... rly lelic?2. Removal of dynamic squad movement like in Dow2 and Coh and ability to shoot on the run(now only awailable as SM doctrine for some reason)3. Removal of Sync-kills. Sure lets remove one of the best features of our games, yeah its a great idea!4. Doctrines, OMFG they did it again, first in Coh2 and now here. Why do they think that taking out all of different faction abilities out and only allowing to take 3 of them is a good idea? They should all be awailabe to all factions and player would made a decision on what they want to research in the game itself, but nooooo lelic think they know better. Also 80% of doctrines are absolute garbage tier while others are a must have META. So everyone takes roughy the same things with very little difference, great gamedesign.5. Balance, it's just non-existant. Everyone just spams one unit (similar problem as in doctrines, 80% of units are garbage while other 20% OP meta) and A+LMB at enemy base most of the time. Also most of ppl play SM so good luck finding any other race to play against.6. Lore ♥♥♥♥ups, do I even have to say anything?Jumping terminators, bunny hopping space marines.Ork shootas that are a better range units then Dire Avengers.Lascannons that are shooting with some sortf of charging SC2 voidray♥♥♥♥♥♥Flying units like eldar Shadow Specters being able to be attacked in melee, ever tried to hit a dude 10 meters above you with a sword? Well in this game its possible.Eldar ""Fleet of Foot"" ability that is supposed to represent the agile nature of eldar is now for some morronic reason a warpgate aura (wat).Lots of kek.7. Graphic style looks like a mix of LoL and SC2, cartoony, not grimdark like previous games at all. Devs forgot what Warhammer is and made it look like Disney with addition of some blood(that looks like jam).8. Campaign is sometimes really borring gameplaywise and the plot is as bad as in all previous DOW games.9. Really stupid idea of sculls that is supposed to be a progression system. Becase of them its possible for a new comer to not have acess to any elites but 3 default and to have no doctrines that other ppl have and use and so to be at massive dissadvantage sometimes, great gamedesign lelic.10. Gameplay itself is so bad because of so many reasons, even winning isnt satisfying. it just leaves that bad taste in your mouth and you want to go and do something else.____________________________________________________________________________________Final verdict: 2/10 Would not buy lelic game again.Hope I helped somebody. (but I doubt it) I'm a massive fan of RTS and strategies overall, especially DOW games, but this is DOW in no way other then title, seriously screw this game ."
76561198024063734,Not Recommended,285190,33466064,Posted: 11 July,all,BJT,"I've tried to give it the benefit of the doubt, but this game really isn't worth recommending.There are some redemable features, and I enjoy the humour of the Orks, but on balance of everything it's simply not a great game.Clearly, at the end of the campaign, it wasn't tested before finishing.There are also a couple of bugs, but they may be fixed sooner or later."
76561198074086486,Not Recommended,285190,33359603,Posted: 7 July,all,Sawtoothsam,"this game has been a failure from the start with a makeup patching of annihilation mode, at least relic SEES people are getting angry with this game, a lot of my DOW buddies arent buying this game, which in turn makes it less funcuz lets face it-♥♥♥♥♥♥ cover system(everyone certainly agrees lol)-bad voiceover, face it, gabriel angelos could've been better at least lol-slideshows(really? you wow'd us with a spectacular startup cinematic and give us SLIDESHOWS?)-balance issues across the board still which im sure you guys will patch up but this wont save the game, space marine is hilariously unfun to fight against for starters-elite resource systemsee now this im on the fence about because it makes for a really good mindgame with your opponent but at the same time you give us silly choices here and there(for me its the disappointment that is meganobz when compared to termies for example)and jesus christ is that all the maps you give us?same goes for launch factionsi seriously hope if you ever give us dlc, it better all come free. 70 bucks here in canada for this game is incredibly unappealing for what it offers, not only did you alienate your casual fanbase, you alienated the dedicated fanbaseif you really care about the fans, next time dont even hype a game up as much as you did without actually delivering what we the fans wantand trust me, we weren't asking TOO much lolcuz theres a consensus of things we all loved-base building-grimdark atmosphere(this one of the small things that really glued the fans to the series when getting into it)dow2 cover system was fantastic.-faction diversity(not even chaos made the cut, thats funny)-the unit pool from the past games were amazing honestly, this time it kept us wanting still and im sure people agree with meand LAST BUT NOT LEASTkindly drop the blood raven fanboying, im not even a space marine fan but lord it gets tiring, and if you ever release another game, you KNOW blood ravens turn in the series is finished if this game's finale was any indicator"
,Not Recommended,285190,33596345,Posted: 16 July,all,The God Emperor of Mankind,"To save people the time, a summary: (sometimes, a game is so great that people don't demand change, nore need it)Graphics: 4/10 (not because they are bad, but because it seems ripped from SC, but because it now looks cartoonish and completly ruins the grim dark aspect, IMO)Gameplay/Single player: 3/10 (It has been a while that I have not played a single player campaign whos story is so bad, missions are that annoying, campaign so bland that I had to almost convince myself to come back as I paid $50 for it during a sale)Multiplayer 1/10 (so ♥♥♥♥ing bad, played the Beta and it was enough to know that they ♥♥♥♥ing TRASHED this game)Overall, I feel like Relic tried to make this the next E-Sport game or at least one they could profit off the multiplayer. They thought, ""HEY, MOBAS A THING NOW, LETS SLAP WARHAMMER ON A MOBA AND PUBLISH IT"", I mean, the multiplayer feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing Moba (you have to caputre the points, defened the tower and keep core alive, literally a moba) and because of it, disregarded the SP campaign and story. Absolute ZERO continuation of story aside from certain references.Being someone who has loved this franchies since the demo of the first game came out, having played every Dawn of war three times over each....With all that being said, this game is a complete and utter insult to any veteran player of the Dawn of war series. I don't know what boils my blood more, the complete disregard for multiplayer, it being a faluire on such a magnitude that it destroyed the game upon release. Or maybe it is the downgrade in graphics, going from the GLORIOUS Dawn of War 2 displays that 100% caputred the grim darkness of the far future to this cluncky, emboldened (over sharp) image of almost cartoonish gore and just down right a clear and bad inspiration drawn of Starcraft... And even the initial menu of the game has it's user interface nearly on par of that of SC2...But no, it is the pure right just lack of investment on the story and single player campaign that just utterly threw this game to the ground. Missions don't feel like a continuation of the storry, if not for a change of characters/race, just basically feels like the same level, designed slightly differently. Not to mention that instead of making the game challenging, they went is annoying, which I don't know how they can just justify making endless waves of enemies with no tactical placement, no use of terran or just the complete lack of using level design to make it seem like the enemy has actually set up a defensive perimeter over just people in lines. And that too... Who in the hell decided it would be an enjoyable and learning experience (which sometimes the SP campaign can serve of) to make a single player campaign, an amalgamation of three races going for the same goal? Even in Winter Assault that had a similar concept but CLEARLY thought it out and played it PROPERLY, Forces of Order vs Forces of Chaos.Worst of all still, did some people who read something about Warhammer make this game? Because they made some changes that utterly went against EVERYTHING the lore backs... First and foremost, Lascannons... WHY, JUST WHY. WHY WOULD YOU CHANGE THEM. 99.99% of everything Warhammer has them as a charge beamshot weapon that does devastating damage and you guys just decided to make them a♥♥♥♥♥♥gun that shoots what looks like regular lasgun shots and gradually get stronger and change colour? Are you guys serious!? Gabriel in 'Terminator' armor almost the size of a tank/dreadnaught? ♥♥♥♥ing space marines doing front flips and ♥♥♥♥ing courigraphed stuns? Orks went from ruthless, war crazed beasts of war to basically idiots with a British accent straight out of a Guy Ritchie movie... Eldar I think were spared the most...I would have payed $80 for a Dawn of war II remake with a different story and had more fun, enjoyed the game more and backed the franchise with pride than this. Trash, absolute trash."
76561198037010205,Not Recommended,285190,34313486,Posted: 17 August,all,KaleKrisp,"DO NOt BUY THIS TRASH GAME. I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF IT'S ON 50% COS IT'S STILL NOT WORTH IT. LACK OF STRATEGY CREATIVITY, LIMITED UNITS, TAKES ♥♥♥♥EN FOREVER TO FIND ONLINE RANKED MATCH, NO PEOPLE TO PLAY WITH. I WOULD RATHER GO BACK TO PLAYING ♥♥♥♥EN SC2 OR SC REMASTERED."
76561198022499442,Not Recommended,285190,32700077,Posted: 23 June,all,Van Zan,"I really wanted to like it...I did. Sadly Campaign is boring. The game play is also boring. Multiplayer is a complete joke since its literally just Spam to win. Fought three matches lately....a giant blob of killa kans. a giant blob of Dark Reapers..Rangers...Banshess...even FIre prisms. Its just spam. Only spam. So it basically forces you to play a certain way to basically counter whatever the enemy decides to spam because no one wants to actually use multiple units. Compared to DoW 1 and 2? No comparison, I have more fun playing Soulstorm then this game.The elites are idiotic. The titans? A fat joke really. Your basic units are straight fodder. 60 Ork Eavy slugga boyz should scare someone if they charge. Not instantly be melted. In about 2 seconds.  By One Elite ability.The whole MOBA aspect? (yes ive played thousands of MOBA matches...this is in fact a wannabe) Is dumb. The Snowball is also insane. Sometimes. Ive played matches where Ive wiped out an entire army and they somehow still have units to counter attack my push. Madness I say.The first two were great because you cared about your units. This one? You don't. You should because they seriously cripple you if you lose them but then again they die so insanely fast its counter productive to build them anyways. Just spam one unit. Take the best elites. Win. Every match is the exact same. Oh and when there are no players left to play against after you win over and over again doing the same thing...you will have no one to blame but yourself.Great Job on giving us  Dawn of War 3 The Boreale Edition."
76561198011220859,Not Recommended,285190,32314537,Posted: 10 June,all,carpjam,"I was looking forward to this game ever since it was announced, I massively regret paying full price for this game, it is a combination of dawn of war 1 and dawn of war 2 but does nothing correct from either title, I tried playing the campaign slogged through about 4 missions and never went back, I wish that I had refunded this game before the limit expired."
76561198018768791,Not Recommended,285190,32235807,Posted: 7 June,all,royalsunce,Me:why am I useing my Spaice maines and my eldar as cannon fodder?Relic:to make it more like starcarft for you =DMe: o ok *go's and play's starcraft*
76561197998855842,Not Recommended,285190,33595254,Posted: 16 July,all,TheMadTypist,"Dawn of War III is a game that has a lot to offer from its content but suffers from poor UI, clumsy and unmappable controls, and poor pathfinding. While it has a lot of 40k to offer, there simply isn't a solid RTS core underneath.Unit controls have been generalized- hotkeys for abilities are all grouped under q,w,e, and similar keys. It seems the intent was to make ability hotkeys easy to reach and utilize on the go. However, those used to moving the screen around the map with WSAD will find that they need to hold ALT in order to do so. Considering the close point of view to the battlefield, just moving the screen rapidly becomes a chore. As abilities have been generalized into the same keybinds, one would assume it would be easy to say that you'd like the Q abilities hotkey to now be R (or whatever), but the game offers no option to remap keys whatsoever.The behavior of the Tab functionality to move between units within the same selection group is similarly clumsy- rather than changing which type of unit is ""on top of the stack"" for casting abilities and allowing general attack or move commands to apply to the entire group, tab individually cycles between squads within your current selection, such that while you still have multiple units selected visually, all attack, move, or ability orders are issued ONLY to that single individual squad. You must tab through each individual squad in order to get back to issuing move and attack orders to the entire group- something that can rapidly get in the way of responsiveness when you create a larger force. It also provides an inconsistent experience if you want to order all units of a specific type, say, Sluggas, to kick off an ability at once- if you have only Sluggas selected, they'll all use it together from one hotkey press, but if you have multiple types of units in a group and tab to one of the Sluggas and hit the hotkey, only that individual squad will use it.If you intend to use the mouse, rather than the keyboard, to kick off abilities, you'll find another frustration in that when a unit is disrupted while you're targeting an ability- as in, you haven't actually cast anything yet, but you've selected the ability and are now targeting where you'd like it to go, and the unit is disrupted- your targeting for the ability is canceled and you have to restart your order. Using hotkeys can mitigate this to an extent but mouse users will find this little time waster to become quite prominent over any greater length of gameplay.When it comes to the units themselves, they suffer from poor pathfinding that makes controlling more than a few squads quite a chore. For instance, ordering multiple melee squads to attack one enemy squad will have them form a clump around the closest models of that squad, where only a handful of your units are attacking, unless you manually order your units to move past that squad and then re-order them to engage. If you're standing on a ramp and order your units to attack a unit over the edge of that ramp, you'll occasionally see them run to the edge and stand there, rather than pathing down and around the ramp to attack. Essentially, if a unit is blocked from directly engaging, either by terrain or other units, they will give up and stand around until you manually tell them to do otherwise.Units that you aren't directly controlling have similar issues. You'd expect that if a melee unit gets shot, it would move to engage what shot it unless told to hold position (a la starcraft), but instead they stand idly by while getting mowed down. This leaves units feeling much less lively, and while it might make some sense for a disciplined squad of space marines, an unruly mob of orks picking their noses while getting gunned down just feels wrong.The game also promises big battles, and it does deliver there- you can get a whole lot of units- but engagements of any significant size rapidly dissolve into a mess of flashes and sparks even from only basic attacks, making seeing what’s actually going on quite difficult. As pretty much every unit has an active ability, and avoiding the wind up for those abilities is key, the tells on individual units are important to see but rapidly disappear in the spontaneous battlefield rave that kicks off whenever big armies meet.These problems, while individually minor, are persistent and pervasive enough that playing the game rapidly becomes an exercise in frustration. There are so many issues in controllability and responsiveness that actually directing battles becomes less like a general giving orders and more like a kindergarten teacher keeping students in line on a fieldtrip. It is doubly frustrating that elements like sync-kills were removed in order to make the game more responsive and controllable, indicating that there was the intent to deliver such an experience, but evidently not the expertise.Content wise there are a lot of positive elements: Elites are powerful and fun, each race is distinctive with unique mechanics, doctrines allow you to create different builds to customize how races play, the unit painter offers considerable power to modify the cosmetics of your army, the campaign offers varied scenarios and features all three races, and the collection of ‘skulls’ and the leveling of elites gives a sense of progression from match-to-match. But, like a cake comprised entirely of frosting, the experience misses the core RTS gameplay that all these elements should be supporting.If you’re looking to just play through the singleplayer, or want a game to compstomp with your friends, DoW III might be worthwhile. However, if you’re looking for a solid RTS experience beyond the 40k window dressing, you’re not going to find it here."
,Not Recommended,285190,31987482,Posted: 26 May,all,hλvσc,"Dawn of War 1&2 player, deeply enjoyed both games (both campaign and multiplayer).The setting of 40k is filled with brutality and grit that exposes the carnage-filled universe of 40k for what it is.Yeah, Dawn of War 3 Definitely does not do that. It's a watered down version of it's predecessors that does not deliver on either footing (campaign or multiplayer)I was very optomistic about this game, and i truly wanted to enjoy this game as much as i did 1&2. But as you should expect, i did not, and i was severely disappointed with both campaign and multiplayer.Right off the bat, I disliked the campaign, it was unimaginative and never made me feel like the series of events taking place would unfold into a marvelous sequence of savage conflict between the races of 40k. It felt rushed and lacked depth. THE CGI cutscenes were a joke as well, like out of a cheap childrens comic book.The multiplayer is slightly more enjoyable, until you come to the realization that it's extremely shallow and lacks diversity within what you hope to acomplish, with certain units being the end all-be-all of the game, leaving other units with a feeling of distaste in your mouth for even existing. Space Marines are junk, the structure of the economy is bad and falling behind in the first few minutes of the game means a certain and humilliating defeat for you and your team mates. (it really sucks)My biggest problem, maps. Maps, and game modes. It's stale and does not feel like a complete game.I don't recommend this game for full-retail price. Maybe in the future this game can be good, because I feel like the pieces are on the board for this game just set in the wrong place."
,Not Recommended,285190,32374395,Posted: 12 June,all,WinT,Exterminatus!
,Not Recommended,285190,33418881,Posted: 9 July,all,Drebien,I tried giving the game a chance its just not very fun or interesting. the campaign is really slow and boring and the multiplayer is kinda unbalanced. i was hoping the update would be moreinteresting but the skins are all ugly and the annihilation mode is even less fun than the power core mode. HQs have too little health to warrant a meaty battle in annhiliation without the turretts so slow the game down.
,Not Recommended,285190,31713948,Posted: 12 May,all,Ulthwe.Eldrad.[GW],"Okay. I'm playing WH40k for 10 years (including TTG with 4 completely collected armies) and a have not expected much from this game, but... I dont have any words.First of all... Okay, someone plz buy ""Codex: Eldar Craftworlds"" and send it to this... product... Developers. Narrative campaign based on IDIOTIC and TOTALLY Unfluffed things, looks like those who wrote scenario did now even know realies of WH40k.Ok, scenario. We have ANCIENT ELDAR ARTIFACT AND IMPRISONED DAEMON (yes, Bloodthirster again, you wanted Lord of Change?)!!! WOW HOW ORIGINAL!!! Blad rahveens again send Inquisitor to♥♥♥♥♥(How many times they must do it to become Excomunicate traitoris?). Eldar Autarch from Biel-Tan believed in Ulthwe farseer (yes, Taldeer again) prophesy? SRSLY? And gone to war with his warhost without Seer Council sanction? Eldar Autarch who leaves soulstone of his warriors on battlefield? Who fight agains Farseer? Oh, and i have a question, WHERE IS MACHA FORGET HES PSYCHIC POWERS? Why she not even tries to capture traitor Autarch and condemns to death dozens of eldar warriors? Why Howling Banshees fight against JAIN ZAR??? WHO IS THAT MORON WHO WROTE THIS SCENARIO?Now multiplayer. Okay, game have many interesting game mechanics... But why they are needed, if late game consist of total spam without any tactic? Thank you for VERY INTERESTING ""Defence of the Power Core"" gaming, but where is normal game modes like ""Kill em all"" or ""Capture all objectives""?And last question. WHERE IS FIRE DRAGONS?"
76561198000961451,Not Recommended,285190,33708717,Posted: 21 July,all,Mingovillain,"Super lame single player campaign. AI is aweful/non-existant. Campaign short. Many missions with limited troop/base building. I remember DOW and DOWII fondly. Not sure what went wrong, but it's not worth the short play time, much less paying for."
76561198027959580,Not Recommended,285190,35285944,Posted: 29 September,all,Shimmers,Command & Conquer 4: Tiberian Twilight pretty much what they did to dawn of war.
76561197978454468,Not Recommended,285190,33107715,Posted: 1 July,all,Imnuktam,"Played this about 30 hours at a buddies house.I personally was hoping for something that had the gameplay and basebuilding of DOW1 combined with the Garisonable buildings, cover system, Leader choices and wargear of DOW2,   with new and great graphics and ragdoll physics.What we got was none of that, instead..Sync Kills got removedGarisonable buildings removedIntelligent cover removed. Replaced by a mindless bubble shields.Cartoony graphics replaced grimdark of old.No ability to rotate camera. Really??No risk style campaign like we loved in DOW1No game speed setting like in DOW1No Co-op style campaign i loved from DOW2No last stand mode like we loved in DOW2Some grahpic setting are locked and cant be changedUnits are insanely squishy and easy to killCan spam same units all game and win with just them and elites, and in multi you will find many games where everyone does just thatOnly 3 racesOnly 9 mapsHardly anyone still playing because of what is listed above. If you live in the wrong place you will find it nearly impossible to get matches.Watch this video and around 8 min in you will see the interviewer throw out a bait statement saying ""warhammer lore is stupid and over the top"" Phils response was to laugh, nod and agree repeatedly.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_QBkq1uMs4Its no wonder it missed on so many levels when that is the lead designer and how he responds. Even his response to Gabriel Angelos flipping in term armor were made up by players on development forums and just regurgitated en mass by phil to say ""yeah he can jump"". Which proves he heard everyones complaints during development and just ignored them and didnt care.Another reason game ended up in this state is the moderation. During development me and many of my friends spent time in the official forums critiquing losing the things stated above and the direction of the game. All we got in response was argued with by the mod of all people. Each and every thing listed above Gorb would show up and just argue with you til you felt you were wasting your time and we all left.Once game released they let the same mod police the steam forums. Now instead of just arguing with the users he bans them and sanitizes forums to make it look like everyone is happy. Over and over anyone who spoke out about the game found themselves banned and their posts deleted, while people who attacked those that criticized the game were given free reign to say as they pleased, mod would just show up and sanitize their ignorant remarks or remove them IF any action was taken.Here is a thread where it is discussed.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/acpreport/discussions/0/2119355556483626427/They even went so far as to plant people who spend all day every day arguing with people who say anything negative about game.This became apparent to me (though it was long suspected) when one of them slipped up 2x while revealing an upcoming release that only this person knew anything about. When mention the releases he mistakenly said ""WE"" will be releasing instead of ""They"" will be releasing,. and he did it on 2 seperate occasions.Dont get this game, you will regret it. There is very good reason it is mostly negative status last 30 days and has such a poor population. Look at it compared to COH or even Dow1, less than soulstorm made a decade ago and less by far than all DOW1 games added together. This is after less than 3 monts, and since no effort was put into singleplayer, multiplayer is all you will be left with after doing a campaign that even the people who defend this game didnt like (you will be forced to constantly switch between all three races) multi and ghostown populations is all you will have sitting in ques til you log off. 269 people on right now, good lord. All the dow 1 titles combined are 627, more than double and that game was released in 2004 i think, 13 years ago. Just buy it and DL titanium mod!http://steamcharts.com/search/?q=Dawn+of+war"
,Not Recommended,285190,31443311,Posted: 29 April,all,chango266,ill make this simple.if you like-moba's-starcraft-new type of rts-warhammerthis game is for youif you dont like-playing a campaign thats a long tutorial to prep you for multiplayer-moba's-starcraft-new type of rtsthis game isnt for youoverall the I.P. is what keeps this title with a good customer base.other then that this game is not a dawn of war game. it has the skins of dawn of war but the game is not dawn of war. only DOW game i returned. this should be a free to play game.
,Not Recommended,285190,32378744,Posted: 12 June,all,MrWiggles,They killed DoW.
,Not Recommended,285190,34316078,Posted: 17 August,all,Razi Grey,"Ive played other DoW games and especially the first ones well before i had a steam account. i still go back and play them.The game mechanics seem gutted and bland compared to even the first DoW. The orks feel more half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and lifeless than they did in Space Marine, and thats quite an acomplishment of failure. I get that they are always ""football hooligans"" in space as they were originally designed and hell i have a TT ork army but NONE of the units feel alive or as immersive as the 40k books make them out to be.In the end I almost wonder is C.S. Goto wrote the story and dialouge here."
76561198094311522,Not Recommended,285190,33163653,Posted: 2 July,all,[EL] Comrade Brother Specmarine,"Relic...What was this? I tried to like it, even though everyone had their doubts I wanted to hold on hope that by the grace of the Golden Throne this would be the DOW we were hoping for...well...it was not.The game is lacking the soul of DOW, no more sync kills, no dynamic movment, no more dynamic cover and all levels of tactics that was in the first few games are gone. Even though DOW 1 could get blobby it had some tactics to it, DOW 2 it taught you all about unit preservation and challanged all players to adapt to situations.I may have played DOW 2 for perhaps 2...3 years. And my experiance of the past few games helps. But this...this just sucks. Most if not all games before a spammy blobfest. No sense of tactics or even unit preservation. Its just have a big blob, win the map and then shove said blob into another blob and win.Its not a Moba, nor is it a starcraft clone. But when you decide to 'mainstream' a game like this you know you are doing something wrong already. 40k has its peculiar audience, the games like COH2 or the past DOW games had its peculiar players. Both DOW 1 and 2 have living communities because both enjoyed the peculiar traits of both games.This...Its not DOW 1 or 2. Its just, something else...As a loyal member of the Emperor's Loyalists. I cannot stand by as a great franchise is dishonored from this title. I know the Emperor has shed a tear for this game for how badly it went. I hate having to talk bad about 40k but it has to be done.You are doing work by listeneing to the community but it was far too late...Many people were hoping for that epic mix of those massive armies from DOW 1 with great tactical gameplay from DOW 2...I am not mad...just disapointed Relic...One day may you redeem yourselves from this...Until then, Emperor bless all..."
76561198040405590,Not Recommended,285190,33339593,Posted: 7 July,all,jerkjosh10,played it disliked it just move on to coh3 and don't ♥♥♥♥ that up as well relic
76561198067649874,Not Recommended,285190,33313197,Posted: 6 July,all,A Guy You Dont Know,"The developers of Soulstorms Ultimate apocalypse did a better job than the actual developers of Dawn of War, and why take out the other factions like Tau and Chaos?"
,Not Recommended,285190,33684860,Posted: 20 July,all,B084F377,"I BEAT DOW2 AND ALL EXPANSIONS ON PRIMARCH. I LOVE 40000. THIS GAME IS AWFUL, AND ISN'T WORTH BUYING. VERY SAD."
,Not Recommended,285190,31422702,Posted: 28 April,all,christian.schaeffler,I just refunded the game. Why?It is like a soulless LOL-Starcraft mash-up with a comic like WH 40k skin.The voice acting is like 15-year-olds trying to sound like 21 to get into the club.The campaign is simplified and just like a training for the multiplayer.The campaign/story is lame.Weapons sound like pew pew pew.Keybindings can't be changed.The graphics look worse than DoW2 and CoH2 but it heats up my i7/980ti rig more than Witcher 3 and Mass Effect Andromeda.Wayfinding is crap. Units get stuck on whalls. Even if there is a clear but longer path to the target.Some abilities - like the grabbling hook - almost never hit the spot where you placed them.Especially the production bulding artwork and models are not WH 40k-like. You can clearly see the designers have no idea of WH 40k when they had to create something on their own. At least they managed to copy the vehicles from the codices.It never gives you the grim WH 40k feeling. You feel more like a contestant in a MOBA tournament.A total disaapointment for every dark and grim WH 40k fan.
,Not Recommended,285190,31488093,Posted: 1 May,all,Alucard,Just don't this game is not worth it the campaign is like playing skirmish against ai the briefing is horrible for the missions and the missions they are an expanded tutorialThe multiplayer is mehhh u just have to build units that cost req and u will be fine until the powerful elites get into action or u can get rockets to destroy everything from afar and u can play this game with one hand in the late game for the boring it becames.I'm just dissapointed with this game they damaged another successful franchise like COH thanks Relic
76561198005571775,Not Recommended,285190,32556837,Posted: 18 June,all,DJ SkeLLeR,i dont know what the devs were thinking here.  the single player game felt more like a MOBA as i was steered from one point to another.  i miss the magic that was DoW and then SoulStorm.  increase your main commanders gear and ability but still get that table top feel.This'll be the last DoW game i try and support.  sorry guys.  youre just not hitting the mark.
76561198303050573,Not Recommended,285190,32330641,Posted: 10 June,all,zleviathan666z,"i regret buying this game.... would rather play dawn of war 2, but spent all my money on this garbage...."
,Not Recommended,285190,32282729,Posted: 8 June,all,StreetCleaner,"""Hey you got MOBA in my Dawn of War!""""Hey you got Dawn of War in my MOBA!""Wish it was chocolate or peanut butter.... while I continue to wait for Dawn of War III."
76561198007830220,Not Recommended,285190,33111904,Posted: 1 July,all,P-J-Salt-EZG-,If you want a Dawn of War game save your money and buy Soulstorm if you dont already have it.
76561198041324305,Not Recommended,285190,34118825,Posted: 8 August,all,Lightprophet,"It only has Orcs, Space Marine and Eldar which is a massive dissapointment. While the fast play style might suit some, there is little time to be strategic and plan an attack or defence. Just build the units, have a little stratagy and throw them in to combat it seems. Build more units that work towards the enemies weakness and watch all the lights of them fighting while either retreating, attacking or using the elites abilities...... Not a game for you if you actually like stratagy which is what this game is supposed to be...... Or at least was."
,Not Recommended,285190,33548185,Posted: 14 July,all,Poisoning101,"My buddy and I got this because we got tired of WoW, tired of LoL, and many other games. I Love RTS games and this isn't an RTS. you made a moba from a game that should have been an all out war game like supreme commander 2. Once you beat the campaign, there is only pvp. The pvp is crap. You would be better off just giving refunds and making the game free to play at this point. You do not even have enough people that play it anymore to field a 3v3 at any given time."
76561198009286686,Not Recommended,285190,32212371,Posted: 5 June,all,ThreeLeggedCow,Not my dawn of war. If you want a wannabe moba this is the game for you. If you want that old school stategy experience this is NOT it.
76561198088429114,Not Recommended,285190,33363315,Posted: 7 July,all,Joeytope,"To sum this game up in a couple words... ""lazy development"", don't buy guys, an absolute waste of money. I was a huge fan of the first 2 games in the series but this is simply a joke, don't buy!"
76561198008467138,Not Recommended,285190,32207191,Posted: 5 June,all,Dusko,"Only 3 races, OP ""heros"", crap maps, only a few mods, boring single player."
76561197974037832,Not Recommended,285190,31488671,Posted: 1 May,all,Shooting Blind,"Refunded, they tried to hard to make this game an esport. Repetitive gameplay, only elites matter, and lanes made me hate this game.  DOW1 and 2 are better games IMO."
76561198009254497,Not Recommended,285190,31398069,Posted: 27 April,all,loksunl,"A early impression for my steam friends or people who are interested in DOW.first i should say i own all DOW games and please forgive my poor english.for short : DONT BUY this game.Pros:1. Great voice acting and sound effect2. A good UI ,easy to use.3. Multi-layer of battlefield and sound really make you feel a war is going on4. The after mission little ""story"" is well performed and written.Cons:1. They try to make DOW into a MOBA like RTS.2. For the reason above, they make hero unit super powerful and troops die really fast. Not a fun rts if you need to rebuild whole army very 5 mins.3. Bad launch,I suffered LAG just to enter my player profile and many of my friends just couldn't play the game.4. Odd option menu and battle ui -no fullscreen option,the game locked in the borderless window mode and the building short cut is hard to use if you have severl building of same type (e.g.like Barracks)5. Poor Chinsese translation.Need to stop here to rest. i am sure many 40K fans is having a bad night. i think i will update this after some patch or provide chinese review."
76561197993704249,Not Recommended,285190,33491423,Posted: 12 July,all,Highlander Man,"After being blown away by the amazing trailer - i was literally counting down to this being releasedWhat a massive disappointment.  Instead of taking the negative feedback from DOW2 and reverting back to the legendary DOW1 model (or at least as much as they could given how game dynamics have changed since then) - they tried to go more populist and messed it up.  Not to mention screwing up cover, supression etc.And those cheap animations....The game is massively, massively meh"
,Not Recommended,285190,32554427,Posted: 18 June,all,gktrumpetman,As a die-hard Dawn Of War/Company Of Heroes fan I can honestly say that this is not a Dawn Of War game and is utter garbage. This is my first time posting a review but I honestly felt compelled to warn people from buying this game.
76561198047426292,Not Recommended,285190,32553720,Posted: 18 June,all,gustavodmvz,"Worst RTS ever, and a great dissapointment. If you Loved Dawn of War I and II don't buy this game."
76561198260150949,Not Recommended,285190,32103537,Posted: 1 June,all,mahamoksha,"very disppointed gameplay and visuals, too many units, nonsense storyline, they ruined a great game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31492526,Posted: 1 May,all,[TTB]B.N,It seems like it is in early access.
,Not Recommended,285190,34321161,Posted: 17 August,all,Spainops,"I'm not sure exactly what their thought process was with this game, but it's lame as hell. It's like a RTS MOBA that doesn't want you to have fun.I had more fun inserting a Q-tip in my urethra."
76561198026519885,Not Recommended,285190,33698737,Posted: 21 July,all,Sh0vels,"This game seems to want to attract an audience but I'm not sure which audience and I don't think the game knows either. MOBA? RTS? or even DoW fans?I know what I wanted. A Dawn of War game that surpases the original and it's expansions instead we got:An even more dumbed down DoW (removed supression, cover system, moral system and even some weapon upgrades)MOBA esque gamemode with lanes (which could be pulled off but it shouldnt be the flagship gamemode for skirmishes/online)A pretty boring campaign. (although from a subjective point of view I generally play skirmishes or online so this may be abit unfair to include)Lackluster animation in comparison to other games in the series.Champion system (sounds cool but essentially takes away some of the cooler units in the previous games and makes them heroes. Basically each faction can select 3 heroes before the start of a game. )I could go on but I won't. I appreciate the effort to bring in some new features to the series but I feel it has strayed way too far and losing its way in trying to find out what this game wants to be. If you are a huge fan this might be worth playing but, if I am honest I would wait until there is a deep deep sale.Although, if you are new and interested in getting into Dawn of War get the original. I'm pretty sure at the time of this review you can get the orignal Dawn of War with its expansions for quite cheap.  There are also some great mods on modb too."
76561197970652308,Not Recommended,285190,32185330,Posted: 4 June,all,hURT,"I really wanted to like this game, but this game just isn't fun.Multiplayer feels like it's confused with itself, is it a MOBA or an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of an RTS? Heroes feel they are the main focus and feel extremely overpowered and the units are there to feed hero levels. Units and cover system feel like an after thought.Anyone looking to build defenses like COH/DOW and looking to build epic battles, this game isn't it. Your better off with COH1/COH2."
76561198020455343,Not Recommended,285190,31401290,Posted: 27 April,all,simpsondesert,Played two levels and getting kinda bored with it. Not a lot of complexity so far and kinda the same thing on both levels.
,Not Recommended,285190,32490584,Posted: 16 June,all,Carnes,"It defaulted to the worst graphics imaginable.  I thought i must have been doing something wrong because they still looked bad after pushing the settings up.  Nope, didn't do anything wrong.  The game is just ugly.  1440p might be the reason because even the UI looked like stretched textures.  Anyways, the gameplay i did see was rough.  The cover system is bad.  Even DOW 1 has a better cover system, for example.  Don't buy this game.  Pick-up DOW1/2 instead.  They are better in almost every way."
,Not Recommended,285190,33615935,Posted: 17 July,all,Paladin276,"Okay! So... Ups and downs of Dawn of War IIIPerksShiney new coat of paintIt's a third installment of Dawn of War40k Game!Drawbacks...The Game is HEAVILY tooled towards hero unitsBalance is absolutely HORRIDThe army painter is weaker than Dawn of War 2'sThe maps are tiny and heavily MOBA inspired not RTS Inspired.Resource gathering is incredibly tedious, ending up with a ton of one resource and little of another.Did I mention HEAVILY TOOLED TOWARDS HEROES!?Conclusion:When I can complete and entire campaign mission mostly just using Gabriel, Jonah, and Diomedes... opens my eyes a bit.. the Developers just slapped something together and threw it to the market saying ""Pfft.. they'll eat this up."" it's a serious slap in your fanbases faces when the Campaign (while the nostalgia factor was nice..) is literally about Gabriel, Macha and Gorgutz, and noone else. EVEN THE INQUISITOR WAS LEFT NEARLY COMPLETELY OUT!!! And if you so happen to be too slow to grab the hero oiunt generators i time? You're SoL because you're going to get hero stomped and get hero stomped fast.So why buy this game? honestly I wouldn't even recommend it in a Steam Sale. It's no friggin wonder that it came out and two months later everyone's still playing Last Stand in Dawn of War II."
76561198006108752,Not Recommended,285190,32301161,Posted: 9 June,all,Silek Tuo 99,"Right now, I cannot recommend this game.  The mode of play may appeal to some, and it is kind of fun, but it would be nice to have old annihilation, as well as whatever the hell that capture and hold mode was called with the three points.There are nowhere near enough maps to justify the price point.  The campaign is awful.  The Blood Ravens suck, and each level alternates between the three factions, so just about the time you are about to get the hang of things, the map ends, and off you go to the next map to work with completely different mechanics.  I have stopped playing the campaign.No one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Gabriel Angelos.I am hoping that things will change soon, with such a shortage of maps, we should be entitled to one or two free map packs."
76561197970561470,Not Recommended,285190,32563535,Posted: 19 June,all,Ont,"Great soundtrack, however, the game was a dissapointment. I did not want more micromanagement from this series. I want my WH40K battles to be closer to real war simulation.It also seems like it was released bit too early, there is not much content here and some aspects like the menu screens could have been more polished."
76561197966790164,Not Recommended,285190,33359196,Posted: 7 July,all,Antronix,"I almost never post reviews about games but...this was a tremendous let down.  It is nothing like the 1st DOW and it honestly feels like a MOBA type game.  Very over priced for the amount of content and the ""campaigns"" are actually one merged campaign that tells the story of the three races.  I really tried to like this game but it gets very old and very boring pretty fast.  Maybe later on sale if they add a few more races and you can get all of it on sale...otherwise its not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,285190,33486641,Posted: 12 July,all,Le Brave Gaythiest Seahorse Ass,"I admit this was an impulse buy thati made because I saw ""Warhammer 40k"" that I now regret. Looks fancy, but lacks any depth that the older games had. Not only is it built to function like a starcraft clone for that sh*tty competitive pandering but it fails to even do that, no order queueing, no stances, space marines being taken down like guardsmen and in deathballs the size of ork hordes. The game is not a Warhammer 40k game, it lacks the feel, variety, and aesthetic of the 40k universe (everything is clean and vibrant, WTF). This is not a 40k RTS, it's a starcraft knockoff and a mediocre at best one at that."
76561197995570078,Not Recommended,285190,32034485,Posted: 28 May,all,Fracture,my personal opinion poor effort on the 40k franchise (not lore accurate) game play fails to immerse you stoy line is boring (no depth) and the missing mechanics like directional cover  and building garison its more like starcraft than anything BUT starcraft dose it a hel of alot better.
76561197994474630,Not Recommended,285190,32207135,Posted: 5 June,all,navi_t,"I usually do not write reviews, but I have to do this for this game. I really loved the previous Dawn of War Games. Yes, they had their faults but all in all the stories were good, you could relate to the heroes and you cared about your units. And then I really looked forward to the 3rd installment. I mean what could go wrong right? They bringing base building back, they bring heroes back... ya right.. and so much did go wrong...Base building is kinda pointless in the campaign. You never really need to fight for you base, defend it with turrets and walls, and fight for your life - well guess because for one thing, you can't build any turrets. But as I said you don't need them, because your base doesn't really matter. You just need the building to produce units. And since the units in this 3rd installment are kind of cannon fodder your going to produce lots of them.Next Story and Heroes. Well.... the Story is ""meh"" and as much as I wanted to, I really could not care about a single one of  the Heroes. Even, if I loved them in the previous installments. And since your units are cannon fodder anyway you're not really going to care about them as well. And by the way - who came up with that STUPID cover system? Bubbles? Really? You got do be kidding me right?I so looked forward to his. Is o wished to relive those heroic moments of the previous games, but alas, it is a mediorcre game with a bland story and characters."
,Not Recommended,285190,32337557,Posted: 11 June,all,Philbo,"Starcraft with a Warhammer 40K skin. Bitter bitter disappointment.Get the flow charts and build order apps out, no need to think.Not a MOBA though, at all."
76561198005692330,Not Recommended,285190,33156720,Posted: 2 July,all,indarien,"Well Relic, I tried to like this game, I really did.  But I just cannot recommend it.Multiplayer PvP:  Wait 5-10 minutes, go into a battle where someone crushes you using some variant army of min-maxed Elites.Co-Op PvE:  Pretty much nonexistent, go play Dawn of War II for a good experience.  I originally picked this up with some friends so we could play this together, and I'm the only one who did not return it.  That should explain a lot.Single Player Campaign:  For me, this was the hopeful high point.  The story was better than expected, especially once I got more missions into it.  The games were a bit challenging, although predictable.  However, I keep repeatedly getting stuck on missions where the game is broken until some new patch comes out.  For me, the last straw was ""In the Company of Friends"" which seems to currently be unwinnable because the Colossus Gates are evidently indestructible.  I would like to be able to play the game, but at this point, there are a lot of other things (including earlier versions of Dawn of War) which are more appealing to me.The entire Skulls system seems like it was built for F2P, my recommendation to Relic would be to give everyone who bought the game a full refund and make the fanboys support it by buying Skulls In-Game.If you can get the game as F2P, then it is probably worth it."
76561198006547994,Not Recommended,285190,33555155,Posted: 15 July,all,RubberDuck,"Unbalanced, and long ques. Not as good as it predecessors. Never even played campaign mode."
76561198045681972,Not Recommended,285190,33351381,Posted: 7 July,all,PICKLE RICK,Not a Dawn of War game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥ starcraft clone
,Not Recommended,285190,32224621,Posted: 6 June,all,Sanny195,"Worst Dawn of War game, that i have ever played.-paid 60€ for the game and still need to grind ingame currency to unlock elites-placing 4 buildings to train units is not base building, no defensive buildings available, need large fraction of my army to provide basic base defense-elites too powerful, horrible cover system, multiplayer basically multiple lines with cover and stealth spots and turret and base at each side. DOW will never be a good MOBA game!-user interface: click a button -> wait 2 seconds for fancy window animation ->  click a button -> wait 2 seconds for fancy window animation->  ... -> force quit the game because im annoyed as ♥♥♥♥.-ingame performance is bad-just 3 different fractionsPlease return to DOW Soulstorm gameplay. Let us build real bases with power generators, research, soldier, tank and aircraft facilities as well as transport buildings. Let us build multiple HQ's wherever i want them and tons of different turrets and mine belts surrounding them."
,Not Recommended,285190,33751627,Posted: 23 July,all,8eerme,This isn't an RTS. It's freaking MOBA.  Huge let down. also bad use of the warhammer 40k IP.
76561198031594756,Not Recommended,285190,31536001,Posted: 3 May,all,jmassi,"I read a review describing this as a combination of the best features of DoW I and II, and I have to disagree.The graphics are terrible to the point of being painful to look at, the screens are cluttered and messy and the campaign is sporadic and confusing.Save yourself some money and get the DLC for DoW II."
76561198033288924,Not Recommended,285190,32244780,Posted: 7 June,all,Krasus,"Well, I was bored after about 3 hours of play, so I'm gunna say your money could be better spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,285190,33556144,Posted: 15 July,all,Krombopulous Michael,its still bad.....and slow....and no last stand?
76561198054585482,Not Recommended,285190,33613746,Posted: 17 July,all,ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ,“Dawn of War III successfully takes the best elements from the previous two games and blends them with traditional RTS mechanics to create a game with deep strategic gameplay.”I bet this review did cost some serious cash.
,Not Recommended,285190,33641005,Posted: 18 July,all,Laissez Faire,Way to ruin a francise. This isn't an RTS at all. Plays like a moba. just a clunky not fun piece of trash
76561198014867008,Not Recommended,285190,31531035,Posted: 3 May,all,Bilis,"This is not a Dawn of War game or a Warhammer 40,000 game.  I have tried to play it four times and quit all four times.  I should be excited about fielding Imperial Knights... and I am not... how ridiculous is that?  Get it when it's on sale for $10.00  and not a penny more.  It's not worth a premium price."
,Not Recommended,285190,32510834,Posted: 17 June,all,Gurqn,worst DoW sequel ...
76561198023548206,Not Recommended,285190,31432940,Posted: 28 April,all,SparkyFury138,"Can't believe I'm going to do this but just no...this game isn't really worth it for players on the fence. I'm a huge fan of Warhammer 40k the table top, the books (Horus heresey and 40k) I own every warhammer game you can name but this version of DOW doesnt cut the cake for me. Sorry folks I knew this was going to be bad when SEGA and Relic released info on DOW 3 but I decided to go with it anyways. Honestly very disapointed, and thats coming from someone who plays Eternal Crusade lol. So I may just be getting a refund and just sticking to the originals until someone can make a good Warhammer 40k game before GW kills its own franchise with awful game releases. In conclusion if you are in doubt and need any proof dont go on the forums or discussions just get the game play it for more than a hour and you'll probally draw the same conclusion that this isn't a very good game and will turn into a money trap in the near grim future and get a refund ASAP!"
76561197970610916,Not Recommended,285190,33599639,Posted: 16 July,all,xgoodvibesx,"Always-on DRM, poor campaign, slow resource generation meaning games take unecessarily long, needless complexity that adds nothing. Worst of the DoW games by a long shot."
76561198026873914,Not Recommended,285190,32099277,Posted: 31 May,all,Ghouleh,"Mediocre, conservative and uninspired.Dawn of War III isn't a terrible RTS - but it is a terrible Dawn of War game. I will keep my opinions brief, because this game deserves only the briefest attention. It is lukewarm porridge in a franchise famous for being baroque and excessive.* The gameplay is a synthesis of the least exciting parts of DoW I and II. It doesn't feel good to control a large army like in DoW I, nor does it feel like controlling a smaller team of highly capable specialists like in II. It just feels dull. There aren't even cinematic kills anymore. The only race that feels even remotely fresh are the Orks, what with the new Waaagh! mechanics and loot-upgrading. That does not make up for the rest, however.* The skull upgrade system is confusing, badly explained, shoddily meshing single-player and multiplayer. This in turn makes it so heroic units are equally badly done. Knight-class units add nothing to the game, and are basically a less interesting version of Dawn of War I's superheavies.* Three starting races is unacceptable for a Dawn of War game. This ties into how boring the campaign is. The standard formula that Dawn of War games usually take is as follows:1) Orks are causing a ruckus.2) Space Marines go to stop Orks from making a ruckus.3) They discover Eldar in the middle of the ruckus, and sense treachery afoot.4) Oh no. It was Chaos all along.That formula is played-out and infinitely predictable, and yet it feels familiar and welcoming to a Dawn of War fan. In here, they don't even have Chaos to complete the equation, or Tyranids to mix it up a little.* The soundtrack is forgettable. Dawn of War never had -amazing- soundtracks to begin with, but at least I feel like I and II had a few memorable tracks.* I never played DoW multiplayer, but it seems like this game's version of it is uniquely crooked and twisted into some sort of MOBA-wannabe. Definitely not a good sign.If you have already played Dawn of War I and II and Space Marine, and are absolutely dying for a new game - you could give this a try, but it's probably best just to pick up Starcraft 2 at this point. Otherwise, avoid it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31407025,Posted: 27 April,all,coupdegrace2000,"Not really sure what to say. Im so unhappy with how the game turned out that I feel cheated. I bought the game this morning before I went to work. I let it download while I was gone. I now desperately wish I had waited until after work to buy it because then I would not have been too late to get a refund. At this point my only real hope is that someone makes a comprehensive mod to this game that implements features from previous games while removing the MOBA mechanics. However, realistically, I know that even if such a thing becomes possible it will be a year at least before we see any mods that sweeping. Generally, unpopular games don't get a strong mod community and this game looks like it is going to be pretty unpopular.I got scammed. I paid $60 for the next game in the DoW series, and I didn't get it. I got MOBAcraft with a vague warhammer 40k skin set. Before buying I was promised base building, meaningful single player and epic moments. I didn't get any of those things, and I didnt have the time to do the in depth research to find out those things wouldnt be present before I bought. I trusted the developer and now I'm regretting it. I should have known better.EDIT: I did manage to return the game after all. Thanks for clarifying the mechanics of steam refunding. I thought I had 2 hours from the moment of purchase. Much appreciated."
76561198136438877,Not Recommended,285190,34313259,Posted: 17 August,all,Black_Disciple,i likie how after i buy the game i get a 50% off coupon for it.............. its not a very fun game tbh. 3.3 hours and i tried.
76561198007076560,Not Recommended,285190,32291015,Posted: 9 June,all,Zergmuffin,"A disappointment and a flop.  I'm a big fan of previous DOW games and love the Warhammer universe, but not even that can compensate for it's basic flaws and price point.  I'm not going to repeat the reams of bad reviews about the mission structure, playstyle etc.  For me it's just buggy!  I have an excellent, top spec PC and this game crashes, the sound is intermittent leaving me with minutes of no sound, even in set piece missions, and sometimes the screen is half invisible due to graphics glitches.  It is absolutely poor.  Also, the community for multiplayer is very low, which takes away one of the things I looked forward to the most about this game.  A complete flop."
76561198007898918,Not Recommended,285190,32301700,Posted: 9 June,all,vicwilliams101,"DoW 3 is nothing like Dow 1-2, at the moment it is not a very good game for the price."
,Not Recommended,285190,34484308,Posted: 25 August,all,DLC Prophet,"After playing some hours on DoW III i need to say like DEV's was so lazy to construct something really good...Rank system for Elite character's are useless cause u can't increase anything on any character.Not many building's, upgrades, unit's and alot of elite character's.Positive thing for me was main story in campaign which really i liked (maybe not last mission 17th).I would like to see something similiar to DoW Dark Crusade or Soulstorm where player need to fight for teritory like we was doing on previous parts of this game. Also i thought like the new part of this universum gonna bring really alot of fresh stuff which gonna make this game again really great.But well, i not gonna recommend this game for people which looking for same fun like on previous parts DoW or DoW II because mechanic here is broken... Controlling unit's with only 1 command (pressing A) to make attack (units not even defend themselfs after being shooted) when on old parts of this universum we could set up units on defense mode which always made them rush to enemy if they were attacked and just back to place where we set up that stance... Also i missing upgrades for characters this was really great idea on previous parts and i thought DEV's will keep that on mind.So that was my opinion some people may not like, some maybe gonna like whatever GL & HF..."
76561198030265732,Not Recommended,285190,33650823,Posted: 19 July,all,Sgrubbio,"The game basic structure is good, it finally gives back what Dawn of War 1 was. But sadly this is where the good part ends. The game is really gaunt, units are few, races are few, maps are few. The champain force you to use all the races depending on the mission and this isn't necessarily bad, but again mission are few resulting in really few (again) mission played with your favourite race (particularly marines that was mine). There's no clear guide helping you trough the champain to better understand the importance of earning and spending skull in new elites and tech resulting in an even more gaunt approach to the game mechanics (you would probably start to get something from it near the end of the game). When the campaign was done i mooved to the multiplayer (and skirmish since it is located inside the multiplayer category). i didn't have any problems playing online with kinda 20 other games but this seems not to work. i don't know if this for game's fault, my installation or lack of people but it never finds any party member. In Skirmish the personaliziation of your AI opponent ar rather poor and limited, elites unit maintain original colors and banners even with other chapters so they look kinda weird sometimes. Titans unit are kinda underscaled but if they were bigger they would be almost unable to move with an appearance of normality. they're so much easy to deploy and op (respect of other units) that once you got them (u can deploy even 2) you can pretty much use only them (at least in casual and normal difficulty). In the end i can say the game could be good but at the present state it's not worth what it costs."
,Not Recommended,285190,32209352,Posted: 5 June,all,perochialjoe,"The one recent W40K game I thought would be good. I guess there's not much hope for 40K anymore if even Dawn of War has managed to churn out something so lackluster. It's not awful, but it's very easily forgettable."
76561197970350774,Not Recommended,285190,32115894,Posted: 1 June,all,Metso,"I didn't like the game. The reason is simple: i'm only interested in the single player experience and this game did not deliver. That being said, this review is only for the single player portion of the game.You play as one the 3 races changing from one to the other every level. This had the effect of making me care about none of the races really and getting trough the campaign could be described as a chrore for me.The story is boring and the maps are predictable. No real cinematics other than the intro movie was a bummer. Voice actors were also changed from previous titles as well and while they are probably good voice actors, they aren't the ones we know and love in the series. This had a huge impact on the tone of the game for me. Gorgutz, for example, sounds like a git. The music was well made and suits the theme, but it was really depressing for the whole game.Some of the good things that come to mind are the graphics, they look great. Both the ingame and the 2D still picture ""cinematics"" look good. Also, the imperial and eldar titan units have really cool looking animations. Gameplay is fine and fun. The 3 races play very differently from each other with their own mechanics and styles. The abilities and unit actions are solid as well. The orc waaagh!! tower mechanic was a nice touch. Unit painter looks really legit with the official paints from the miniature game with their real names as well.I wouldn't recommend buying this game for 60 bucks/euros if you want it for single player only tho. The campaign really was pretty bad. Get it on sale, but don't pay more than 30."
76561197983256881,Not Recommended,285190,31397635,Posted: 27 April,all,death_dealer891,"This game was all Hype with no actual give. The feel of Dawn of War has been totally obliterated since the game has forced itself to be a E-Sports match. All the maps feel as if they have 2-3 specific ""lanes"" that forces must progress down in order to fight. Eldar cant cloak, Land Raiders for Space Marines are gone and the story line, is slow, boring, and dry while it tries far too hard to be relevant with the inclusion of a few old known characters ( Jonah, Gorgutz etc). I feel as if the videos and dev blogs have not only been nothing more than hype but borders on outright lies using a venerable franchise to cash in on the E-Sports income cow. The best E-Sports games were not designed as such, Starcraft, Counter Strike, it happened naturally and organically. In short, this is a waste of my money, and time and i am throughly dissapointed. I gave it its 2 hours under the refund policy and this is the determination i was able to garner."
76561198024049516,Not Recommended,285190,34145205,Posted: 10 August,all,PKJASONKENNA,This game sucks and waste of 60$. dont buy its not dow 1-2
,Not Recommended,285190,32239769,Posted: 7 June,all,sargentgren321,it adds nothing
76561197990300065,Not Recommended,285190,32101723,Posted: 1 June,all,branedotorg,"I really wanted to like it, I only play the campaign of any game and the campaign is anemic and boring.I played through to the second last mission with a growing sense of obligation, not pleasure until I reinstalled DoW II, for the first time in years, and started a far more satisfactory experience.I'm only sorry I pre-ordered."
76561198057261553,Not Recommended,285190,32693877,Posted: 23 June,all,Fearmypewpew,to much focus on elites and little focus on actual troops.
76561198015722118,Not Recommended,285190,33286288,Posted: 5 July,all,Watergate,"Feels like RTS took a step 10 years back. Poor gameplay dynamics, poor unit path finding, high lag and poor storyline in campain."
,Not Recommended,285190,33488831,Posted: 12 July,all,wintah,really it seems a growing trend of stupidity is taking over the dawn of war franchise.You ♥♥♥♥ed this one up.
76561198007379242,Not Recommended,285190,32432844,Posted: 15 June,all,[DedCel] MACHENTI,Only game that I have ever refunded. Dead on arrival. Everything that was great about DoW 1 and 2 has been ripped out. Full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aweful mistakes that detract from the whole experience I was personally looking forward to has been destroyed.
76561197999419317,Not Recommended,285190,32555545,Posted: 18 June,all,belial1125,"I wana like this game, i really do, but it falls inline with alot of my issues with modern games, slim downed simplified mechanics, pretty graphics, less content, shorter story, less varyation, maximized price tag...Its a pretty game. But if you polish a turd as nicely as you can its still a ♥♥♥♥ing turd and every one can tell...I really enjoyed the mechanics of dow 2, especially the single player campaign where you had a bigger hand in upgrading your squad, choosing weapons and armor and stuff like that. None of that is present here, its barely even on par with Dow 1.... Honestly id rather play dow 1 atleast i could play Tau.... And all the other races, this just gives you orks, and eldar, and Marines (its claims to give you imperials.... but its just marines)"
76561198032647931,Not Recommended,285190,31441715,Posted: 29 April,all,Vondett,"....*sigh*.... So many mixed feelings about this one . I read reviews , watched BETA gameplays , read a TON of negative revies, but its WH40K so I did not care for what others said and I decided to save up and buy the game and try it out for myself full version. It is NOT the DOW fans have asked for ... it sucks . . .its a poorly disguised MOBA with Warhammer 40K skin where you build and control trash mobs yourself . Plus , the zoom ! EVRERY FRIGGIN DOW game , seriously Relic ?! The camera is Zoomed in WAAAAY too close and there is no option to change it and obviously no mods yet. I might buy this game in the future if the change it to be at least more like DOW2 ffs I gave up on Relic trying to make anything close to Soulstorm. In conclusion : Dont waste your money on this garbage , go play DoW or DoW2, still way better than this ."
,Not Recommended,285190,31713806,Posted: 12 May,all,Darthfluenza,"It's just not a good game. It feels like a half baked mash up of Star Craft 2 and Heros of the Storm.Unlike those games though, this game just isn't fun. Just please don't screw up the Last Stand mode if you even bother adding it Relic. Not that I could see how you could since this game is basically a moba anyway already..."
76561198078749038,Not Recommended,285190,34026188,Posted: 4 August,all,limonconcon,"NO CONTENT!!! Needs more races only 3 at the moment, more automatization on units, More maps, make it waaaay cheaper so its not impossible to find an online match...."
76561198007686387,Not Recommended,285190,34335304,Posted: 18 August,all,BritNinja88,Had this bought for me by my girlfriend (at 50% off i should add). What can i say about this title. Simply no.The only pro to mention is the graphics. it is a fairly pleasing view.However this is over shadowed by the fact this game is disturbingly poor. As a veteran of DOW + DOW apocalypse and DOW2 this was a massive let down. as many others have said all of the amazing and required game mechanics are missing and it has simply turned what should be a huge stratergy game into a MOBA (some of the maps even look like moba maps)it really is a huge let down. DOW apocalypse would appear to be the closest we will ever get to the game we all want. if you are looking for a stratergy game this is not for you this is simply a stat vs stat game where by the correct units with a high level will win and catching your enemy in the open while you have high ground makes no difference what so ever.do i think this game can be saved?? yes but it will require the most drastic top down rebuild in the gaming world. these graphics on apocalypse game model would be the only way to get me back after the campaign.£40 What the hell were relic thinking with this one. Give 40k to the Total War crew and lets get these battles into a huge scale
76561198023815694,Not Recommended,285190,31940455,Posted: 24 May,all,Vindhand,"Bought it, played through it, felt sad. Not because it ended but because i was glad it ended. No flare, no grim dark feel. Boring plot that doesnt reflect Warhammer 40.000 and i shallow on top of it all. If you're a fan of DoW you probably want to play through it but I suggest you wait for a sale to get it."
76561197982458528,Not Recommended,285190,32495522,Posted: 16 June,all,Potion Seller,This is not Dawn of War.
76561198260271080,Not Recommended,285190,32397985,Posted: 13 June,all,Just_Mentos,"I do not Recomend this game for Various reasons ,One of them is the resources , verry hard to get , Units Verry expensive , u cannot call this a multyplayer game , call it a Warhammer dota version , units become verry fast repetitive Verry complycated to handle ,Basicly to put it simple Do not buy this game until its 5 euroes"
76561198019286857,Not Recommended,285190,32322937,Posted: 10 June,all,xdazza,"Don't read if you dont like spoilers!I have put in bullet points below the reasons for me down voting the game and having a lot of hope for this game (i will not refer to dow1 or 2 because they alone are different from each other). I really wanted to enjoy the multiplayer since i needed a new one from sc2 and wanted a different change but with the multiplayer being so focused and barebones it felt like a shame that it got repetitive fairly quickly.Pros:- Voice over for the orks in the campaign is really good, same with others but this one stood out the most.- Races feel unique (orks love scrap, eldar loves stealth and marines feel like the inbetween of hit and run and loving to fight)- Style of gameplay in multiplayer seems refreshing (a bit work needs to be done but read cons for that).- Community seems friendly from what i have seen.Cons:- The campaign gameplay at the end started to feel alright for it to be the end of the game with a boss fight that was kind of lack lusting- Campaign main villain you dont even see on the battlefield.- Certain units are op like wraithguard- The multiplayer is based around capturing more points than your enemy and camping them (without any recover mechanics really there except for basic ones like assault marines to disrupt the enemys force and hero abilities).- No rejoin button for multiplayer (got a bug crash and couldnt rejoin)- Multiplayer maps when launched was awful (cover systems could just be ignored).- I afked campaign missions to gain resources and that was on the hardest difficulty with no backlash.Overal feeling of campaign (hardest difficulty):Campain had a very linear path that wasn't rewarding  when you completed objectives. Bonus objectives were there but with not much of a reward for the risk when it came to hard difficulty. I afked for 30 mins whilst i gained resources. Orks had a great voice over with nice writing and space marines had nice gameplay whilst eldar had no redeeming features. The story started like a tutorial for 9 missions then were very basic and on the final few missions felt like a good experience til the final mission what to me felt awful.Multiplayer:Community is amazing for being nice, only problem is not many people talk. The strategy doesnt depend on map or other races just same meta mechanics (Eldar for example just mass wrathguard). Map feel like its designed just to hit armys off each other without using the cover systems.Overall:Looked at all reviews and look at the hours, is it worth your money for around 30-50 hours of gameplay for £30 to be annoyed about the campaign and bored of the multiplayer4/10: good concept bad execution"
,Not Recommended,285190,33141309,Posted: 2 July,all,Glitch0200,Hardly any customization in a franchise that's all about customization.
,Not Recommended,285190,33176429,Posted: 3 July,all,Harem King,"This is a case of confused identity.Now ""Dawn of War III"" or fans say ""DOW3"" is a game in which tries to please all forms of players and newcomers.The problem is that there are no newcomers, these are all just returning fans still playing older titles. However there is a few problems.Comp StompOtherwise that is how most Relic games tend to go solo skirmish against artificial difficulty Ai. This how players learn how to play againt computers and not against themselves. Computers think liner mostly as a training tool for compitition.Competitive Automatching: When you have to wait for 15 minutes just so your game win against other players are recorded into your stats. Custom game that are created in the Browse Games menu are not stat tracked, and it is the only way to play Annihilation mode.Player Stat Tracking; see above.Balance Changes with No Direction +New Game ModeThis really burns my♥♥♥♥♥in a way that Preparation H cannot cure. Things like buffs and nerfs happen just because a faction does not ""play"" right. I mean you can look at the recent history of such things but the main violator has to be the Annihilation reveal and unofficial game mode, as in no stat track. Turrets are a laughable 300 requisition and 60 power and are Not Buildable unless you chop off your army Doctrine advantage just to be able to build an overpriced and useless turret. Power resource in this game is as low as ever, and you will need it to win by teching up and upgrading units, not making turrets that DO no threating damage. Other balance changes are done just so that a Doctrine in which makes a unit worth using, turns it back into a trash unit not worth getting just by reducing the damage of the unit even further instead of reducing the damage benefits of the doctrine passive ability. Or just increase entire army speed for no apparent reason, just because apparrently they don't even have a ranged unit that slows movement or has the longest setup time for peashooting damage. It is as if the actual developers don’t even know how to play their own game and just put in things that seem only be said by what little left of players there is.Choose if you want to play or not. The game itself actually takes the best of both DOW and DOW2 and combines it into a faster and smooth experience that only original players understand. DOW2 players just don’t get it yet just because they were playing a Company of Heroes spinoff the entire time. This is a game for the new players of the Dawn of War series and the problem is that nobody new is playing this."
76561198132344156,Not Recommended,285190,33167501,Posted: 2 July,all,Ciggarillo,"Was super excited when the new DOW was announced. Huge fan of 1&2.I played the open beta, and could already tell this game would not be a true DOW game.After playing the finished product, the campagin was fun, but fairly short.It is obvious the game was released unfinished, and not fully tested. Their main focus was clearly on the multiplayer and trying to capitalize on a more MOBA style of play. But not even that was done correctly.The annihilation update was fantastic because it shows they are listening to their fans and customers (and because it was free). But there is still alot to go.Single player:Its mostly fine, but definately requires more content. Races/missions, maybe even the Dark Crusade/Soulstorm style or skirmishes and strongholds to control a planet.The current story is an amalgimation of the first 2 titles, but didn't get the elements for either right. Base building is pointless if you mainly only get to perform tactical stirkes. Its basically DOW 2 but they let you have buildings for some reason, they feel more cosmetic than useful as there isn't many all or nothing battles.Mulitplayer:Definitely requires more maps, races and game modes. The matchs are short and the battles small. It doesn't have that classic DOW meat grinder feel of the WH40K universe that DOW 1 captured.Not saying that small tactical stirkes arn't great, but there isn't much room for the ""FIX BAYONETS"" and throw in everything you have straergy. You are punished for having more units but having to spend power on upkeep. Its definitely more desirable to have small forces for tactical strikes. There needs to be a mode that encourages 'meat grinder' style battles and larger maps to support.Maybe im just a fanboy of the previous titles, and I know they wanted to try something different which I fully support for any developer. But you should build and focus on the things that are good with previous titles, and add the new things. Not remove the things that were good and try to make the things that didn't work, work again, unless you are confident.I will play anything new that is added, as long as it is free, as it was hard for me to even justify spending $60 for the game when it was on speical. I would also be happy to change my rating to positive, all the game requires is more content.The mechanics and UI all work as expected."
,Not Recommended,285190,34316065,Posted: 17 August,all,Billy Bob Bert,"Take my word, Ive played thousands of hours both casually and the pro scene in the previous Dawn of Wars and I can tell you this. Don't buy this."
76561198007241468,Not Recommended,285190,31406107,Posted: 27 April,all,robnuck83,"dont waste your time or money, not about bugs that is normal for games. but the classic DOW cinematics that made you go ""fk yeah that was amazing"" have been replaced with some kind of cartoon strip garbage. worst game I have played in years"
76561198006405627,Not Recommended,285190,31407010,Posted: 27 April,all,Thorhorsemen,No Mans Dawn of War?My first ever refund from steam.Yes I was hoping for a return to DOWI with graphics to match todays gaming rigs and maybe some thing akin to Total War's Warhammer. What I got was a poorly executed MOBA.
76561198049752437,Not Recommended,285190,31687832,Posted: 11 May,all,|FJ| Drake_Bladex,Refunded..... Basically trying to grab their share of the moba scene and it saddens me
,Not Recommended,285190,31459698,Posted: 30 April,all,sate,"no cover, no morale, no sync killyou took out pretty much all things that made dow1 and 2 unique and now what's left?"
76561197977254167,Not Recommended,285190,32736054,Posted: 24 June,all,paler.pumpkin,"There's a bug in mission 3 of the campaign which I hope is limited to ONLY that mission (but forum posts say not likely):  If you save your game mid mission, you will never be able to finish it.  The objective counter will continue to count ABOVE the required number, saying you've done 5 of 3 things, but still not end the mission.  Beta build bug, very amateurish.   The game is solid otherwise, but I can not recommend a game with such a problem."
,Not Recommended,285190,31911222,Posted: 22 May,all,DrCube,"In brief...I strongly prefer Dawn of War 1 to Dawn of War 2 but I feel even Dawn of War 2 is better than 3. I can only really speak for campaign (which is okay) but campaign alone is a tough sell for some people at $60. As for multiplayer? Campaign has given me a feel for the unit balance and I've watched matches on twitch. I suggest you do the same because it's very different from the previous titles. I have decided to pass on multiplayer this go around but remember that I mainly buy the Dawn of War series for the campaign.At length...Campaign is...decent. Not stellar but still adequate. You will likely be able to predict where the story is going but it's still worth playing and I am happy to have Gabriel and friends back. It's linear, like DoW1, but you do get to bounce between the various armies and that's a great thing. The Orks have some especially funny moments. There's a neat Eldar level where you have to constantly move the eldar base to different locations. There are hero only missions, kind of like starcraft when you were only controlling Jim Raynor or Kerrigan. It's a good mix. While I miss some of the branching mission options from DoW1 and DoW2, I recognize that a lot of those ""side missions"" were basically just quick skirmish matches or rote hold out missions. For example, while I love DoW1:Dark Crusade and DoW1:Soulstorm, the only truly unique missions were when you attacked an enemy's stronghold. While I do miss choosing which faction to wipe out first, linear is probably better so long as it ensures there is a unique script to each level. Campaign should not be dominated by bot matches.As for the artistry/graphics? I think it's looks great. I've heard some people say it looks too cartoony but I feel it holds up pretty well. While the camera is pulled back some from DoW2, I can still see that a lot of detail went into the models and units. Just take a look at some of the Ork structures and how they rattle and shake or how the PileOGuns spews out weapons. No complaints from me in the graphics department. Animations are fine too and while the sync kills are gone I understand that it's very expensive to put those in given the sheer variety of units. Sync kills mean a lot of custom animation work. It's the kind of feature Relic can think about adding to the game after it becomes a huge hit and there is budget to spare. Oh, and the artwork that serves in place of cutscenes between levels is goregous. It's better than cutscenes in some ways.Gameplay. This where I feel DoW3's biggest problems lay. I hated how DoW2's campaign essentially limited me to just 4 squads so I am happy that DoW3 lets me build an army again but there are a lot of little niceities I miss from DoW1 and DoW2. However, my biggest problems are the elite units and the cover mechanics.Elite units are crazy dominant. DoW1 had hero/commander units but not on this level. In this game, elites have super hero levels of power and are massive damage sponges. Normal starting units are fodder. My proud tactical space marines die like guardsman which feels really out of place. I miss how you could link/assign heroes or commanders to squads in DoW1. I thought that was a great idea but it doesn't make sense with these elite units, especially when some of them are squads themselves instead of named heroes but that leads into another nitpick. Some iconic units I could field normally in DoW1 (like Warp Spiders or Terminators) are now elite units meaning I can only have 1 squad of terminators or warp spiders. I don't like that. Let me replay a level and go for an all terminator build. This elite system prevents me from doing things like that.The cover system/mechanics are simply bizzare and I consider it a major regression from DoW1 and DoW2. I don't even want to call it cover. I don't know what it is. There are simply special areas on the map now, cricles, that produce a bubble shield around your troops when you march into the circle and capture it. Only melee units can get inside. Ranged unts have to destroy the bubble shield first. I don't think it works very well and I have no idea why the designers at Relic decided to go this route. It's one of the first things I'd get rid of in the next expansion.Doctrines are a new addition. You can pick 3 of them before the level starts. Each doctrine adds a broad feature/buff to your army; things like increased range for space marine devastators while in cover, or plasma grenades the eldar dire avengers throw have a shoter cooldown, or ork units heal when they pilfer scrap off the battlefield. Doctrines are nice but Command and Conquer Generals still did it better.Wargear from DoW2 is gone. Wargear was a nice way to customize heroes but I don't miss it that much. Maybe it'll come back in the future. You do level up elite units in DoW3 but it doesn't give you points to increase a hero's health or melee damage like it did in DoW2. There are a few new abilities and doctrines that unlock from leveling up but nothing major. Don't expect anything like DoW2's hero progression.Army wise, Relic does a good job of making each faction stand out. Space Marines are the vanilla army. Eldar tend to be squishy but can be super mobile with their webway. Orks have this new scrap mechanic that allows them to upgrade and build right on the field. These are good design choices and I pray to the Emperor that Relic tries to do this for future armies. For example, I hope they keep the morale mechanic for the Imperial Guard or the Necron's slow and steady build up of their monolith or how the Dark Eldar could get buffs from harvesting corpses after a battle.Things I really miss? The little things.- Eldar and Ork voicework is fine but the Space Marine voices have taken a step back. Go onto youtube and listen to some of the voicework for the marines from DoW1. It was so much better.- DoW2's soundtrack. I assume the DoW2 composer, Doyle W. Donehoo, was busy with other projects but boy do I miss his work. Again, go onto youtube and listen to the Space Marine theme from DoW2 or ""Khaine's Wrath"". DoW3 doesn't have anything on that level.- Artillery and explosives in general seem weak. I miss how loud and devastating some of the barrages were in DoW1. A simple grenade or explosive pack was to be feared in DoW2. It makes me worried for the Imperial Guard's heavy armor because it was so satisfying to see a Basilisk cannon nail a squad of Orks and send them flying.Multiplayer. I don't have much to say here but campaign has given me a feel for the unit balance and I've watched matches online. Between those two, I've decided that DoW3 multiplayer is not my cup of tea. While I am glad to see some things return (like base building) I still don't like how heavily the game hinges on elites. I also don't like some changes such as the removal of friendly fire. If you are looking for competitive player vs player then check out some DoW3 footage to see if you like the new gameplay. If you play casually and just want to team up with friends against the AI for funsies then I think you'll find multiplayer sufficient.In summary, if I were to assign a letter grade? B- but barely a B-. C+ is too harsh. Relic made some different design choices. They tried to mix elements from DoW1 and DoW2 but it doesn't quite have the charm of either. I do hope the game sells well enough though because I want lots and lots of expansions. I'd really like to see all the armies in this engine and I always want more W40K story. In the meantime, with DoW3's campaign completed, I think I am going to pass the time waiting for the next expansion by replaying DoW1:Soulstorm or DoW2:Retribution."
76561197998011485,Not Recommended,285190,31473874,Posted: 30 April,all,Hamburgers#1322,"Well, here goes my first review.BLUF: Don't buy it just yet.There are a couple things standing in the way of making this a really great RTS.1. Units die so fast that it's impossible to pull back a damaged melee squad in time to reinforce. In general melee units feel very underwhelming for all 3 races.2. It really doesn't feel like you gain resources fast enough to offset the cost of combat, and the effect of this is that there is a LOT of turtling in between small skirmishes just trying to replenish lost units that are NOT cheap and die VERY easily. It just doesn't feel right to me.3. The interface is alright, very reminiscent of a total war game, but I havent found a way to rearrange the unit order in the UI and it makes controlling your army in a fight very very difficult as half the time I'm just scratching my head looking for a particular unit. It makes the game feel very like one big A move.4. It gets old, quick. There isn't any real base building, nothing to manage back home. Couple this with slow income rates and high unit expense and half the time I'm just sitting there waiting for resources to come in, twiddling my thumbs.There are some pros, mainly that aesthetically the game is very pleasing and sound design is good.It checks all the boxes for being a dawn of war game, but still comes up short"
76561198059083378,Not Recommended,285190,32426515,Posted: 14 June,all,RykZa,"Pros- Decent graphics... Though it's a AAA company and we're in 2017, I expect spectacular, not decent.- Orks are innovative, fun and with great voice acting.- Storyline was OK.- Stealth System, the ONLY new mechanic I like.Cons- Sub Par voice acting for the Eldar, TERRIBLE voice acting for the Space Marines.The Angelos voice actor truly sounds like he's bored and can't wait to get paid and get out of the recording studio.- Linear campaign which is nothing more than a drawn out tutorial.- No squad upgrades (units feel like fodder)- The Escalation Phase: I understand what they were trying to do, make multiplayer games feel more energisedand increasing the pace... What it actually does is eleminate any sense of economic strategy; Capture 2 points,your opponent captures 4. By the time you've both reached the 2nd or 3rd phase, it really doesn't matter as youboth have more money than you could spend and you end up simply spamming units at eachother down narrow lanes.This is NOT strategy!- No Quicksave- Bubble Cover: There is no excuse for this. ♥♥♥♥ whoever decided on this and everyone who looks like them.Cover is terrain, period!- Lane maps: It's bad enough that we have bubble cover, but the lanned maps remove the strategy of mobilityand positioning. It just turns the game into a mindless mash.- Power Core Mode: Stupid, no resemblance to 40k lore and boring as hell.- Heresy: Obviously at least one person on the design team had read the 40k novels and was familiar with the lore.You wanted to make the game more flashy and you thought this would entail having Angelos somersaulting inTerminator armour? How uncreative and stupid can you be? There are an infinite number of other things you could'vedone to make Angelos's special moves appear more dramatic without sacrificing lore.Conclussion: I'm a long time 40k fan and DOW1 was my favourite. I really didn't like DOW2 but I can appreaciate that itit's a great game in it's own right, it's just what I prefer. Dawn of War 3 was... utterly, utterly dissapointing."
76561198024303358,Not Recommended,285190,33395439,Posted: 8 July,all,Jim Door,This is nothing more than repititve crap.   Nothing new to see here.  Even on the lower difficulties for the casual gamer the difficulty is skewed so bad its no fun.  I purchased the game last week and unistalling this week.
76561198075460987,Not Recommended,285190,32380649,Posted: 12 June,all,Spavioli,I regret my purchase and would seeka refund if possiable.
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,285190,32119968,Posted: 1 June,all,Alien 480,"i love DoW but this sucks. i mostly play campaign and comp stomp. i love the space marines, in the campaign their missions are like 4 minutes long, orcs are like 10 mins long, THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ELDAR ARE LIKE 30-40 min grind fests because theyre underpowered and demolished by everything on the field and any time you get something powerful like the wraithlord, they take it away from you in the very next eldar mission. im super ♥♥♥♥ing mad about this, like im playing on hard and dropping the difficulty twice STILL makes the eldar missions awful ""just use hit and run tactics like youre supposed to"" oh i do and any and i mean ANY encounter with my units outnumbering them 5 to 1 leaves me at an loss of 5 VERY expensive units and 75% health loss for the enemy. PATCH THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ i played comp stomp with a friend and hes the eldar, im the ultramarines, he gets pounded into the dirt almost at every engagement if im not there. he doesnt suck, the eldar suck. basically you want an even fight? orcs vs space marines. you want to win easily? anything vs eldar."
76561198004995262,Not Recommended,285190,32526231,Posted: 17 June,all,Caremon,"Forgettable, and out of touch with their fanbase, everything about this game, shows that relic had no clue what they were doing with DoW III. Trying to marry two completely opposing schools of RTS by taking what people liked from their previous two games has managed to somehow make a game that's worse for it in every way."
76561198024080833,Not Recommended,285190,31864921,Posted: 20 May,all,Bonk,"Not only is this steaming pile of dung the worst DOW game, it's one of the worst games in my steam library. I should have bought s $60 bottle of good whiskey instead of this game. Worst case scenario I would have had a bad hangover, but I would still feel better with a bad hangover than how I feel about relic ruining one of my most anticipated games of 2017. Don't buy this game. It is really as bad as everyone says it is."
76561198008341471,Not Recommended,285190,33126095,Posted: 2 July,all,=BMF=,"I played a ton of dawn of war 1 multiplayer and enjoyed the single player in dawn of war II.I didnt play this game for very long but I didn't like much about it. The graphics didn't seem any better than the previous games, you cant turn the camera, the on screen controls are confusing and clumsy. I could only make it trough the tutorial and two levels of the campaign before I was through with it.I tried to get a refund but I had ""played"" more than two hours."
,Not Recommended,285190,33016685,Posted: 29 June,all,Torias,"I am very dissapointed in the single player campaign. I understand the developers wanted to focus on MOBO mechanics and the campaign was simply a tutorial for that. But the precedent that was set in Dawn of War 2's RPG single-player campaign made it compelling to keep an RPG style campaign for DoW3. If you're looking for a game with a good single-player campaign, DoW3 is not for you."
76561198079441930,Not Recommended,285190,35284720,Posted: 28 September,all,Bottled Heresy,"Loved the other two Dawn of Wars. Loved Company of Heroes. Hated this game. Why? you might ask? it is a very stale game with no choice in build, and units that feel bland fighting each other. The early game resource trickle makes it so that you cant get any economic advantage over the other guy, it ends up feeling like your just playing League of Legends or Dota, accept you have to tell your creeps what to do. It makes all the basic units like Tac Marines and Guardians feel useless, and the only thing that feels nice to control are the heroes, adn the heroes themselves are just watered down versions of the DoW 2 heroes. It feels like Relic wanted to make an RTS that appealed to both RTS and MOBA fans; but ended up with a game that appealed to neither do to not bieng deep enough in either category."
,Not Recommended,285190,31495263,Posted: 1 May,all,DopestaR,"""DoW3 brings the best of DoW1 and DoW2"" quoted review / magazine on metacritics - What game did they play, seriously? This takes away the best from DoW1 and 2 and tries to go for eSports rather than delievering a good game. It would be shameful to call this a real RTS, it's more of a MOBA. Campaign felt like a tutorial for the Multiplayer.While this game is not completely garbage, I'm sure some people likes the new changes, I really dont feel like it lives up to the Dawn of War series. Had it been released in another name, I'm sure there would have been less disappointments from fans.- RIP Dawn of War series"
,Not Recommended,285190,34361394,Posted: 19 August,all,Nate668,"If you like the Dawn of War or Company of Heroes series, you won't find any of the gameplay that make those games good here."
76561198013314045,Not Recommended,285190,33366434,Posted: 8 July,all,Kingfriel,"First thing, i don't play games like this for the pvp content, so my review is not of that aspect of the game.So to start off, this game is a huge disappointment. Its not what i was expecting from a Dawn of War title and I feel like Relic has dropped the ball on this one. The things i liked and even loved about the other titles in the DoW series have almost all disappeared and that makes the game feel foreign to the series. It seems like Relic has tried to join the ""lets make all rts games mobas"" crowd. I was hoping to be able to choose a faction and lead it to glory in some epic campaign against my enemies, like back in the days of Dark Crusade and Soul Storm, but instead i was forced to play races i didn't like, i was forced to play ""fast and furious"" in every map, and for a ""strategy"" game there wasn't a whole lot of strategy options involved. I miss the days of building bases, creating kill lanes to funnel my enemies into, training massive amounts of units to use and upgrade as they fought and survived. Being able to retreat to the relatively safe area around my base and regroup if a push on the enemy went wrong. All the things that made those old games great.This game doesn't seem to have any of that. The campaign is disorganized and rather confusing at times. You are forced to switch factions every other mission which makes it really difficult to learn any one them beyond the basics. You never feel connected to the factions or the heroes or any aspect of them. Its more like watching a poorly directed movie in which the scenes jump around a lot and never really show you anything.About the only things they did well were the artistic parts. The character models and maps all look great, some of them are flat out beautiful. But thats about it. They didn't even give you a rotatable camera to look at the nice scenery with.In my opinion, this is one of the worst Dawn of War games i've played, and i've played them all. My opinion of this game is so low in fact, that when i recently had to reinstall my os and steam and games in my library, this one was not one of the games i reinstalled. I have no desire to continue to play it."
76561198006528477,Not Recommended,285190,33298621,Posted: 5 July,all,En Excelsis,"I've owned every Dawn of War game and expansion Relic has released over the years and I have had an overwhelmingly positive experience playing most of them. The first game and most of it's expansions were fabulous except of one (yeah, I'm lookin' at you Soustorm).Dawn of War II was tough to swallow at first since it was so different than the first game that I had come to love, but the single player campaign was amazing and playing through that story helped to actualize the potential of that engine - over time I came to enjoy it more than the orginal Dawn of War. The smaller scale and more granular control made for much greater overall control and the end result was a deeper and more satisfying sense of accomplishment after a hard faught battle.I was so excited to hear that they were releasing a new title that - no matter how it worked out I was going to buy a copy. If nothing else the previous titles had earned Relic my trust.And here it is...I don't write too many reviews - this is my first, in fact, and it breaks my heart to write it.I'm not sure what it was that pushed Dawn of War in this direction - maybe it's the popularity of other MOBAs such as DOTA or LOL, or perhaps it was the bad press that they got for Dawn of War II. I guess it doesn't matter at this point since the game is already out. Whatever their reason I am truly sorry but, this is not the game it could have been. MOBAs are fine, and the RTS is not dead. If anything, Dawn of War as a franchise was single-handedly keeping the RTS genre alive. Creating a hybrid part-MOBA, part-RTS seems like a solution to a problem that never existed. I play DOTA regularly, and I have a similar number of hours clocked on Retribution as I do on DOTA 2, and in my years of playing both games I've never once heard DOW players vocalize a desire to have their game be more like a MOBA. Likewise I've never had a fellow DOTA player even insinuate that their MOBA should play more like an RTS.Finally, the constant patching, balance tweaks, and adjustments are infuriating. Balance is one thing but waking up on Tuesday to find that the game I played on Monday no longer exists and has been mechanically replaced by a new 'version' after the patch that plays completely differently... that's just too much for me to endure from a game that was already less than I had hoped for.I know this is very critical, and I don't compain out of malice or ill will towards Relic. I am glad I spent the money on the pre-order. I am glad that your studio is still around after the THQ disaster. I sincerely hope that you can take some time and find your way back to the place you were in when you conceived of your previous games!Until then, Dawn of War III will remain the first entry the franchise that I have had to walk away from. The investment of my time is better spent playing Retribution - it is, at this point, a better RTS, and a better realization of the Warhammer 40,000 IP."
76561198006857359,Not Recommended,285190,32434556,Posted: 15 June,all,SolarCerberuS,"In its current state for the current price I sadly cannot recommend it maybe more a $20 title atm.Campaign felt unfinished and far too short, also the jumping around of factions made it feel even shorter with each faction only having 5 full missions a piece, with the last 2 being a roulette of the 3.Should have been full faction campaigns with at least 12 full story missions per faction with the final 2 missions played as the faction chosen and the others coming in as AI allies.Characters/Elites lack loadout customisation and skill set variance so every game is the same.Squads poorly put together and do not follow lore anywhere near (you get minimal sized squads of only 1 weapon type for ever unit in it and no squad leadership units)Lack of squad loadout variance, the much older DOW 1 had it so much closer to what it should be. What happened?Really feels like game was made using people with no W40K experience or knowledge apart from seeing pictures of roughly what the models look like.The army painter is horrible, the paints are poorly done, no option for custom insignias and even the preset army colours can be way off from what they really are.One mulltiplayer mode (and a horrible one at that) and very few maps unforgivable. ***SEE EDIT AT BOTTOM***Story mode army specific characters used in any army of same faction archetype for multiplayer, should have been either generic replacements (with similar skills for balance) or customisable ones for example instead of Gabriel Angelos for the SM armies have a generic or customisable Commander..... This last one really broke multiplayer for me as I always felt like I was playing or fighting as/against the story mode factions.So.....whats good? it can be an enjoyable rts if you forget/blockout all the above mentioned although with the one mp mode it will get old quick.All I can say is Relic seem to have done with DOW 3 to the DOW franchise what Keen Games/ Deep Silver did to the Sacred franchise with Sacred 3. Hoping Relic/SEGA can and will fix it.EDIT - 17-7-17 Addittion of Annihilation mode and return of turrets, a small step back toward the right direction but still a long way to go to have the game worthy of the DOW title, while 'skins' are a nice touch they are a poor substitute for decent content."
76561198042636529,Not Recommended,285190,31395464,Posted: 27 April,all,Boltbeard,"There is nothing to like about this game. They've tried to stamp a WH40k skin onto a League of Legends / Dota style gameplay.Units are boring and simplistic with no adding of warlocks, captains, etc.No unit experience or veterancy system,No cover system.No sync kills like previous DOW titles.No lootzOnly viable tactics are to amass your army, select all and attack move to the enemy ""shield generator""Truly truly outrageous game.10/10 would uninstall and request refund all over again."
,Not Recommended,285190,31724099,Posted: 13 May,all,Machine Spirit,"TLDR: Something to consider if you are a fan of the Dawn of War franchise is this game is definitely a more generic feel to it. The multiplayer is competent, the single player is just okay. YEs base building is back but lacks depth. The mechanics Relic are known for have gone and all in all I feel like Relic could have done better. They should have stuck to what they do best, and imo what made them the best on the RTS market.The detail: I'm reminded of Command and Conquer 4 when I look at DoW3 and compare it to DoW2. With C&C4, EA abandoned much of what defined the C&C franchise and wanted to make a success of an esport C&C game and they used the C&C name so the C&C4 hit the ground running.How DoW3 is right now may have been better received as a new IP. I taken it for granted that the cover, retreat, firing arcs, suppression and other gameplay mechanics in general shared between CoH and DoW2 were the trademark of a Relic RTS game because no one else does it as good as them, that was their niche. So ""of course!"" we would see them in this DoW title because they are done so well, but Relic went a different and arguably (looking at market trends) a more popular route with DoW3.Dawn of war 3 is a more generic RTS experience with sprinkling of what we have seen before such as point control but the meta game is less strategic then what we have seen in CoH and DoW2 imo.The disparity between DoW1, 2 and 3 isnt as mile wide as it was with C&C3 is to 4, in that case EA most definitely should have done C&C4 as a new IP because C&C4 killed the franchise. I don't think DoW3 will kill the franchise but DoW3 has lost the Relic trademarks they do so well in CoH and DoW2, it has lost its Relic identity. Nothing about DoW3 tells me it is a Relic game. It is more a generic gameplay experience and imo it doesn’t stand out from the crowded market with the exception of this is pretty much the only recent WH40k RTS that I can think of.I give Relic credit for not releasing the same game with nicer graphics but they have stripped too much away, they stripped away what I consider a Relic RTS to be.I can’t recommend DoW3 at the moment, but I hope (hopefully free) DLC brings something more unique to the table and adds more meaningful SP content and unique gameplay mechanics. So, I will check back in 6 months or less and revise my recommendation."
76561198005181464,Not Recommended,285190,34405236,Posted: 21 August,all,gratbarst,"I got a fifty percent off voucher, and I thought ""how bad can it be?""  At fifty percent off it cost about the same as three large kebabs. My advice, go for the kebabs.You can't rotate the camera, a standard of DoW games, (although DoW 1 and 2 had it on the unremapable ALT key which was bonkers, but at least it was always there) and three hours in I am just bored. I will finish the game because I played all the others, but chances are I'll go back to Soulstorm afterwards with the UA mod.But what have they done to Gorgutz, where's his 'orns gone. 'e's got these piddly little things a goat would be  ashamed ofAnd they've done the same to Angelos, he looks like Chip Hazard from Small soldiers crossed with Johnny Bravo.The voice work is just not that good. Look and feel is half-hearted. Gameplay is little more than attack move your unit here, wait to win.Bah! Just an overpriced, boring, let down.Wait til it turns up on Bundlestars for three pound fifty"
,Not Recommended,285190,34467000,Posted: 24 August,all,Omniscient,"This review is based on single player only (so far.)Pains me to say I wouldn’t recommend this game, I’ve be enthralled by this series ever since the opening cinematic of do1. So I was looking forward to this game I even bought companies of heroes to tie me over until it’s eventually release and now been stung twice.You don’t play Warhammer for the story you play it for the universe so devs, please stop making a multi race campaign that is so liner and frankly boring. I want a universe where I can reclaim planets fight xenos and build something not just zerg them with units and finish the story. Here I was hoping we would have a true rts again, but so many things that was done right in the first two games have just disappeared (cover, turrets, minefield, being able to build what u want from the get go.)Also relic has no love for the lore which makes this universe so great. There are 1000 Blood angels, yet they are not treated as elite units but just meat to throw in the grinder. thats just one small example, so many flaws.My advice is, buy it for a fiver if you want to play it otherwise go play StarCraft you’ll have more fun.Let’s hope multiplayer redeems it, such a shame."
,Not Recommended,285190,34406720,Posted: 21 August,all,ShinyNchrome,Can't see a reason to play this over DoW2 or DoW1
76561198036533143,Not Recommended,285190,33439866,Posted: 10 July,all,Hjv,"Don't but this. Hell, don't even look at it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31481019,Posted: 1 May,all,Ashkatar,"Before I leave my 2 cents, I'd like to say that I am a huge fan of w40k universe. I have painted miniatures, I have read almost every other book there is on it. I have played most of their games just because I love the universe even though I utterly hate the makers they choose for their games.Now to THIS game. I have waited for it for a very long time. I started it up with an open mind, personally I hated the last 3 installments of DoW. Always preffered winter assault and the others. At this point I have finished campaign on hard mode (in 1 day tsst tsst) and have played about 40-50 multiplayer matches, I believe I have a pretty good grasp of this game.And it is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥They really could have done a nice one with this, and they just failed. I see the engine is there, the unit variety is there, but god damnit how hard was it to spend a week or two balancing the game itself and hiring ONE guy to just make ""ok"" multiplayer maps?! Right now, as it is, it is closer to moba than to an RTS game. Every single multiplayer match, comes down to: pick the right early heroes (weirdboy for orc for example), rush middle points and turtle there, as soon as you get your hero, attack the enemy under your buffs and hit your hero's skill shots. That's it, whoever does those wins the game. Every single match is the same, you win the middle points, you turtle on top of them while gaining resource advantage, because as it is mid-late game attacking is suicide and everybody just sits waiting for who has less patience. Harassing is no an option because small squads won't do enough actual resource damage, while risking heavily the more of them you send off to weaken your defense.Maps themselves are just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're tiny yet somehow progress through them is non existant after early game as soon as ""turtle"" bases are established, everybody just either quits after the first 5 minutes, or sits for the next 20 waiting for the other person to ♥♥♥♥ up or build enough of an army to roll over you. Every single map (out of the currently available 1v1 in multiplayer 3!!!! LOL) is just not balanced at all. Like I said, it's neigh impossible to either attack a turtling person, or to harass to catch up.And so the worst of it all, the hero units. Dear ♥♥♥♥ing god what a galore of imbalanced♥♥♥♥♥♥ I understand that the makers wanted to make them feel like special actual units and whatnot, but they're rediculous right now. If my oponent miss-positions himself, or i catch him while he's moving his army in a small bubble, as an orc player, i will kill 4-5-6 units with 2 abilities, doesn't matter if he tries to split if i start channeling the moment his units are on top of each other, that's it game over for him he'll never recover. Same goes for jonah and same goes about macha. Each race has this 3 cost hero unit early game which just makes any sort of actual game play pointless. You just sit in your base, waiting for enemy to come to you, and than you one shot them as they're approaching or on the move. What the ♥♥♥♥ is the point of having this variety of units if you have heroes that one shot anything early-mid game???I currently have 33-13 win loss ratio, and god damn I really want to love this game, I can see that SOME members of the team really tried to make it a good game, but seirously, the story writers, the balance team, the map developers they must have all just ♥♥♥♥ing taken a half a year break pre release or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Really sad, really wished this game to be good, but as it is, in its current state of maps/balance it is unplayable.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Spent 40 minutes last night sieging Space Marine player who would whirlwind spam on each approach or half the map distance harass. Had to literally act like he won, so he would pull out of his base and start clearing the map, while I quickly remake my army and hit his base from another angle with wagh buff and win a base trade race. 1/10 what kind of moronic balance in the game is it that no attacking army, no matter the composition can ever win an aggresive move? ♥♥♥♥ this I'm going back to good old trusty SC2. Shame on you developers.When will GamesWorkshop start using the goldmine of lore they're sitting on, and develop ONE, just bloody ONE good game that does the writers proud. This ♥♥♥♥ing unbearable greed is just.... well unbearable. Always rushing games or making them plain♥♥♥♥♥♥because 0 investment (eternal crusade what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke). When will they learn I don't know, At this point i'm waiting for them to go bankrupt and some other company taking over their♥♥♥♥♥♥TL:DR Could have been great,♥♥♥♥♥♥story,♥♥♥♥♥♥balance,♥♥♥♥♥♥maps. Engine's good though, suprisingly."
76561197992591649,Not Recommended,285190,31535269,Posted: 3 May,all,King Batdog,"Wait for a sale, It's definitely not DOW2 and DOW1 but a hybrid with some SC2 and MOBA like features. I'd be mad I paid full price but I've had a really strong itch for an RTS lately.CONS- Supression doesn't feel right and is not as powerful as DOW2/COH- No cover system except these certain points you capture that make a shield that absorbs ranged damage- blob against blob fights with no retreating- less options in regards to kitting out your troops in game- No team damage Feels less tactical, you can run around in your rok storm and not die- Game doesn't feel like a DOW game, tries to please everybody and made it a bit more casual than I'd like- Most of your abilities and elite units are chosen pre match. Less on the fly tactics.PROS- Some of the new design choices are good. I like how orks channel their waaagh, gain scrap and towers- I like the graphics and the grim dark aesthetic- I like how the campaign how it switches between all the races as playable. Suits the story, some people hate it. I'd prefer to play a bit of each so I can have ORKS as opposed to all space marine campaign- There are more tactics to the game than people think but less than DOW2"
76561198156342487,Not Recommended,285190,31920796,Posted: 23 May,all,PiodenX,"What a waste of money, I seriously suggest you put the money to charity or something as you wil be happier in the long run!"
76561197972900492,Not Recommended,285190,35076183,Posted: 19 September,all,jcargile,"This game .... I dont know what happened to Relic. They are working so hard to destroy the Warhammer 40k online gaming experience. Unlike other DoW games, this game is about single avatar control/support. Gone are choices, planning, base development, fun etc. Relic just made a weak zerg game that focuses on keeping the avatar alive and slapped the 40k label on it. The single player option forces the player to play all the starting available races in a single campaign with ridiculous goals and is disjointed at best.For all the money spent and time invested, they couldnt even make single player campaigns for the different races. Even Soulstorm; with all its faults, is far superior than this......     Don't waste your money on this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,34385149,Posted: 20 August,all,Mahatma Ninja,"It's something between a moba and a RTS, and isn't actually good in neither.I tried it because I loved the other Dawn of Wars, but i sugest you spen your money with them."
76561198028384737,Not Recommended,285190,32963890,Posted: 28 June,all,Le Deflagosseur,"This is not a DoW, they just used the name to sell more copies. If you're a DoW fan, dont bother, you'll be disappointed and if you're just an RTS fan, you might like it but dont bother either, dont encourage them. Not to mention the rediculous price.Clearly, no one at SEGA played any DoW games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31395526,Posted: 27 April,all,nickringling,"After playing one match I have to say, I'm pretty disappointed. It's got a real MOBA feel to it, almost like they took a generic MOBA and put a Dawn of War skin on it. I thought we were going back to the days of the first Dawn of War. I was wrong. There are next to no options for altering a custom match, outside of fixed starting points and starting resources. I gotta say, I'm pretty disappointed as a long time fan of the Dawn of War series."
,Not Recommended,285190,34321043,Posted: 17 August,all,Stiora,"one 3 Factions Space Marines, Orks and Eldarso no Necrons and no Chaos Space Marines?!worthless to me"
76561198005374822,Not Recommended,285190,31617605,Posted: 7 May,all,Ghaz,"To start, I wanted to like this game. I played Dawn of War for hundreds of hours. Dawn of War 2 less so. As other reviews had stated:I miss the meta map from dark crusade/soul storm.I miss the grimdark story of the first Dawn of War and Dawn of War 2.I miss the critical/relic nodes.I miss the heavy/light cover.I miss firing on the move.I miss the sync kill animations that would spray bloody gibs everywhere.I miss the plethora of races/factions to choose from.I miss high quality voice acting from Paul Dobson (Gabriel Angelos/General Sturnn) and Scott McNeil (Lord Bale/Sindri).Dawn of War 3 lost its identity when it wanted to become more like Warcraft 3/Starcraft 2. I am honestly disappointed."
76561198011975156,Not Recommended,285190,31438342,Posted: 29 April,all,Mirrors,Having just finnished the campaign i can say that at its current price i woudnt recommend this game.unfinnished unpolished and very dumb down moba rts.
76561197999001303,Not Recommended,285190,34423364,Posted: 22 August,all,Merc,"*Deep Breath* OK...I entered Dawn of War III with an open mind, Hell, I actually enjoyed the beta somewhat.But that's where it ends.It's less a problem with game mechanic design, and believe me there is alot of issues with that as it is, rather the core game itself is VERY badly flawed.Combat between units is completely uninteresting. One squad shakes their guns at the other squad as HP slowly (and I mean SLOWLY) drops down at a gradual rate.and if you kill said squad?Good for you. Enemy will get the resources back to remake it in about 10 seconds.Larger units such as tanks and walkers are more meaningful as well as expensive, but they will last only slightly longer as the list of ways to cheese vehicles, walkers and heroes is endless thus, it's not even worth using them half of the time. an even greated grude is how counters work. You would think throwing a lascannon, brightlance or rokit at a vehicle would give it some pauseHaHaHano dear.Watching several las cannons attempting to destroy a land speeder was one of the most depressing moments of my life (and I've played CNC 4 so that water mark is high, but not surpassed by the RTS that shall not be spoken of) the issue being that anti vehicle weapons are beyond laughable in their uselessness.and then we get into the later game, oh yes, the greatest♥♥♥♥♥♥show in RTS history.Large army engagements are a complete nightmare, usually one side using a single ability that obliterates the opposing army in a focused blast of pure stilton and I don't mean the super weapon abilities either. and after you wipe out the enemy army?good on you, better kill his base in the next 90 seconds or he'll have his army back up and ready to dance again.aaand the campaignI played level 2 then alt F4'd. Unprofessional I know, but that's how it was.after watching videos of the campaign and played the first few missions it is painfully clear that the campaign design does not suit the gameplay. oddly, the one thing I thought while played it was ""This mission would be so much better if it was in Dawn of War II"" since the combat is so much more decisive and interesting rather than watching two cells absorb each other under a microscope.TL;DR THE MERC WAYGame's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Watching wallpaper dry is more interesting.There is more cheese than in your local dairy store.Campaign is poorly designed and uninteresting.Gorguts is still bae.Orks brought the good beats with them."
,Not Recommended,285190,31400114,Posted: 27 April,all,Mrmarko123,"This game is like rushing out to buy the new Grand Theft Auto 8, only to find out the crime, driving & open world shooting has been replacing with a antiques collecting simulator narrated by Rob Schneider.The RPG aspects, the looting system, the open world choices & the 'feel' of 40k has been replaced by a shallow Star Craft 2 version with a 40k skin (but without the story or cinematics of a blizzard game).I'd wait till it's on a 50% discount before purchasing (unless you love Star Craft syle zerg multiplayer) - which is very fun for the first 20mins before the game breaking global abilties one shot armies."
,Recommended,285190,31410572,Posted: 28 April,all,point_Zer0,"So the wait is over at last. For me - it was completely worth the wait. Having tons of fun in multiplayer. So, basically, the formula of this game is this one: DoW1 armies size (even bigger actually) +DoW2 heroes (but without wargear and they are top level from the start) +dota-style generators, turrets and core distruction +faster paced gameplay overall +a lot more microcontrol needed -morale -cover mechanic (as it was. Now you have points, covered in shields, which you have to capture) +some new units -som old units +new art style (better than dow2, not as grim as dow1, but looks awesome in-game anyway) +SOMEFREAKINGGIANTROBOTSWITHAWESOMEULTRAABILITIES!!1!1Now, the gameplay looks like that1 phase - you have several squads and you microcontrol the hell out of them1.5 phase - Elite unit2 phase - more units and some units upgrades3 phase - more units and some vehicles4 phase - a lot of vehicles and a lot of units + more elites5 phase - carnage all over the mapFor me - certanly a ""yes""p.s Forgot to mention another component of the game - Gabriel Angelos jumping in terminator armor."
76561198067472088,Not Recommended,285190,34989935,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr. Steel Yo' Grill,"Overhyped, underdelivered. They should have kept the MOBA out of the RTS. A decent way to kill ~10 hours in the campaign if you're looking to enjoy it for what it is as opposed to being dissapointed by what it's not.Wait for a sale if you're interested, otherwise don't bother, definitely not a $60 game."
76561198006488573,Not Recommended,285190,34650151,Posted: 31 August,all,insanejames,"This game was a total waste of money if i wanted to play starcraft i would have played starcraftHuman team checkAlien swarm team checkadvanced alien team with sheilds checkThis game has all of the sytems of the first two games that you loved, completely removed and replaced with overpowered heroes.I could have payed $0 for this game and still felt that i payed to much"
,Not Recommended,285190,34189915,Posted: 12 August,all,WowBoiii,"It's like Soulstorm, except worse. A bitter, non-refundable dissappointment."
76561198006681082,Not Recommended,285190,31471940,Posted: 30 April,all,TheDayman,"Ok well this is my first game review, and being a massive 40k and dawn of war fan I hope to provide an informative version of my opinion on the game. Let me start off with what I see as its pros:- The scale of the game is great! Building up massive armies really gives it a throwback feel to the first dawn of war series!- The Graphics look much improved from the pre alpha footage we were shown and have a much more 'grimdark' feel to them, whilst the DOW 2 graphics were better in my opinion I understand that they may have had to tone down the detail to make the game larger scale, which I'm ok with- The Gameplay feels nice for the most part, everything seems to run smoothly and despite it lacking some things (Such as a decent cover system) I'm still getting used to it, so I don't really know how to describe it any other way!- The soundtrack is great, really adds to the the atmosphere and has the '40k' feel to it, makes battles all the more epic!- ORKS! ORKS! ORKS! coming from an imperial only player in the table top and in Dawn of War, relic really captured the fun and destructive nature of the orks so well in this game to make them one of my favourite things about it- Familiar faces, bringing back characters from loads of previous dawn of war games was really cool, loved it.- Army painter, favourite feature. Wish more games in general had it (Looking at you Total War).Normally pros like this would mean it's a game that I would love and come back to keep playing more and more of, but Dawn of War 3 just doesn't do that for me and here's why (please note that some of these are lore related and don't really matter overall, just personal nitpicks for me!):- Lack of cover system, now I know that this isn't the biggest thing that people should complain about but I feel like a 40k game should have a decent one. it's strange not having units bunker down in ruined hab blocks or craters trying to hold off the enemy, instead we have a sort of shield bubble for units which makes them invincible until the cover is destroyed or melee units get to them. Stuff like this isn't out of place in 40k because you get things like it on the tabletop! But I would rather have this in addition to a fully fledged system, because in my mind it takes away from the immersion. Which leads me to my next point...-Map design. For me I'm not too keen on the maps in the game, the lane system makes the maps very linear and kind of takes away from the use of tactics because you are limited to where you can go, now If we got more maps in the game that were open and had a fully fledged cover system I would enjoy this game waaaaaay more!- Elite units. Now don't get me wrong I like the concept of elite units however in the games I have played they feel very overpowered, and I feel like the game revolves around them too much. Also, Why do we have to use Story heroes? I would have preferred generic force comanders, warbosses etc. than having my custom chapter rolling around with gabriel angelos. Again takes away from the immersion for me.- Character Animations. This was one of the first things that annoyed me in the game and I'm sure a lot of people agree with me. Gabriel angelos sprinting and flipping about the place in terminator armour looks goofy as hell kind of spits in the face of the lore because it's meant to be cumbersome to the wearer whilst giving them the armour of a tank, this also applies to the assault terminator elite unit. Bonesinger anime run looks stupid. and heavy bolters have WAY too much recoil when they fire. Lascannons are also completely wrong as they are essentially a single high powered shot in the lore, not the sort of machine gun burst in DOW3 (DOW 2 got them right). Macha also looks very weird and offputting in her cutscene animations.- Gabriel Angelos. Didn't mind the voice actor change but the fact they made him look twice as tall as a regular marine (the height of a primarch) when he is one, really bothers me from a lore perspective- Lack of game modes in multiplayer. Ok I'm not going to bash the game mode we have because I actually like it (It's not MOBA guys), but where is capture and hold or annihilation? 1 game mode gets boring after a while.- Space marine unit upgrades.Tactical squads, start off with 5 bolters, can upgrade to have 5 plasma guns or a guy that randomly pulls out a flamer when he feels like using it. Again this one bothers me from a lore perspective, A space marine wouldn't have both a boltgun and a flamer, he would use only one of them, secondly 5 plasma guns is like an entire Space marine company's supply of them, there would only be 5 plasma guns between a hundred marines. (THESE WEAPONS ARE MEANT TO BE RARE DAMMIT)- Price. Ok can't expect people not to be annoyed at this, £40 for a game which contains an ok campaign, 3 factions, 1 game mode and a lack of maps (also no 4v4? Wut?), I know this will be fixed in Updates and DLC/FLC but I would have rather waited a few more months to have a more complete game than what we have right now and paid the same/slightly more for it (admittedly I volunteered to be the guinea pig for my friend group with this game being the biggest 40k fan, so I knew what I was getting into)That's all I have to say on DOW3 really. 5/10 for me but I really don't want to see this game and franchise fail, hoping mod support and future updates will make this game amazing. It has SO MUCH potential but if I was a first time buyer I would wait for the price to drop!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31672646,Posted: 10 May,all,L-Dot Skrilla Killa OG,"Not what myself and many were hoping for, It's fun in it's own right but I dislike the MOBA style mechanics they've tried to force into the game. I've played EVERY DoW game since the original  with THOUSANDS of hours combined (many before the steam versions) and this must be my least favourite of them all. Hopefully the future will be bright for the game and once they've added some more content and game modes I can change my recommendation. I also find it bizarre they tried to make it eSport friendly but didn't add a ranked system. It's either laziness or confusion about the direction they want it to go."
,Not Recommended,285190,31550838,Posted: 4 May,all,Desert Fox,Eh its not bad but its not great like the previous iterations either. Multiplayer is terrible. Overall its a disappointment for me.
,Not Recommended,285190,33307954,Posted: 6 July,all,BinaryCode86,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DOW3▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198007749335,Not Recommended,285190,32049704,Posted: 29 May,all,Templar366,"I play games mostly for the campaign/storylines, something the DoW series does really well....except this title."
76561198006536093,Not Recommended,285190,32761623,Posted: 25 June,all,binaryteochengyen,"Initially enjoyed the game. Nice cinematics and perks with a variety of skins. However, this game doesnt offer long-term replayability..once you finish the campaign, you are done. I tried to play some offline skirmishes and yes its ok but graphics is too cartoonish, if they had used the same graphics as Dow2 it would have been great.Not sure if current Relic team is understaff or inexperience, you can tell this product is being ""rushed"" units doesnt have the same detail as in Dow2, campaign (3 factions) only 17 missions meaning roughly 5.7 missions per race ? lel.With the type of graphics used, they should just remove all the units and add more heroes and rebrand it into a MOBA similar to Heroes of the storm or Dota. RTS and Moba don't sit well except for Warcraft 3 maybe.Conclusion, buy this game only if its on sale. Kind of regret buying it, oh well you need to pay for curiousity."
,Not Recommended,285190,31887360,Posted: 21 May,all,Wolfgrin,"If you liked the other games in the series well sucks to be you, this is a shallow shadow of what those games are.Maybe after many many DLC and changes to some units it can have a chance but until that time, dont buy this game at full price."
76561198078663389,Not Recommended,285190,31401239,Posted: 27 April,all,echopro.shaman,The Emperor have abandoned us and this mess of a game
,Not Recommended,285190,33330363,Posted: 6 July,all,Maverick,Worst DoW game ever... they tottaly messed up this franchise
76561197970044882,Not Recommended,285190,31547535,Posted: 4 May,all,Onstont,"So being a dawn of war fan I jumped in on the pre order, how exciting, I just knew I'd get my money out of it!Boy was I wrong, It took me one day to get through the campaign…The campaign was very limited with what heroes I could choose from for starters. I was forced to play through all factions to get each factions storyline and the story was just straight up silliness. No emersion value, battles are so fast its really based on who hits the special ability first, that’s going to be the winner.I want to like this game so bad, and it freaking blows, I can kill 3 AI’s all by myself in skirmish and half the time I don’t even have time to get my heroes out to level them at all. That’s how fast this game is.Cover in this game is basically shielded circles that can be destroyed and you have to stay in them for a while to even take advantage of it. Upgrades barely show, you have to really look to even see them, and the skins for working your butt off? Don’t even get me started.Dawn of war 3 will be the end of the franchise, do not buy this for more than $20.I paid $60 so I’ll update if they change anything, but this game looks rushed and like they didn’t care right now so I doubt I’ll see anything better."
76561198040981301,Not Recommended,285190,31815476,Posted: 17 May,all,dadouvy,this is a poor excuse for dawn of war. i recomend just going back and playing dawn of war 1 soul storm. it is far better.
76561198005813016,Not Recommended,285190,31493305,Posted: 1 May,all,passidon,"I think they missed the mark on base building. in my opinion they require defensive turrets and resource gathering buildings. if your just going to have points to capture, than it should have played more like dawn of war 2."
,Not Recommended,285190,32213319,Posted: 5 June,all,Asturias,I wish for a refund....everyday...
76561197992377642,Not Recommended,285190,34378351,Posted: 20 August,all,PinkiesBrain,Fo those who do not know the series :IT is a good game and plays a lot like games like Command n conquer but the predecessors are way better.If you are looking for a good rts you should look for other games firstFor those who know the series:You bought this anyways since the games before have been so effing good and waited and fanboyed for month when you heard it was coming. - And then like me you sat there with your popcorn and thought... W T F.... crap...-Yo Relic... what the eff where you thinking!? fire that goddamn ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who made those gamebraking decisions like crap the cover system and so forth... idiot... *mad
76561197993315678,Not Recommended,285190,32124241,Posted: 2 June,all,Levs,"I'm a 40k fan, and a huge DoW fan, but this dDoes not feel like a 40k game. Space marines dies like flies, and I find very litle tactical choises in each battle, just spam lots of dudes..The vehicles and Titans was undervhelming.Campain gameplay was boring, and the story, I dunno. I didn't get the point and didn't understand the reason or anything, so I quickly lost interest. Didn't even finish the story..No reason to replay any levels unlike DoW 1 or 2.Multiplayer: I hate MOBA games, and this reminds me so much of a moba style game. 1 map, with 3 lanes, and you have 1-3 heros and lots of expandeble small troops. No real base building or tech removes any strategy."
76561198114087974,Not Recommended,285190,32306627,Posted: 9 June,all,mtilsted,Game sucks. No cover system at all. (No bubles where range units can't enter is not cover). Also really bad control.
76561198152582032,Not Recommended,285190,32778046,Posted: 25 June,all,SoulDragoon96,i really don't like this game at All.I adored the first one plus the exansion and all the mods in between.DOW 2 was pretty had its fair moment but also problems.lastly DOW 3 play more like a MOBA than and RTS graphics are great if your not running a toaster pc like mine but overall....if you want the DOW exoperince stay with the first 2 if you want a game that plays more like a MOBA play this all in all i hate it. but i'll still play it.
76561198006832774,Not Recommended,285190,31486918,Posted: 1 May,all,Zohan Dwir,"Maybe at 80% rebate it would be worth it, but even then the poor game mechanics remain. This is a WH40k themed skin for DOTA, which you can play for free. Units are non-intuitive and real time stupidity makes the game unplayable. While you look left, your units get slaughtered on the right side. There's no way to give them a default stance towards an attack and their AI is even worse than general game AI, which is pretty poor to start with.Animations look fake, with a lot of bing-bang-boom effects and dramatic sound, only it all feels fake and non-related to the units. Replayability value is close to zero, campaign, ah, nothing to write home about and after a while it feels repetative and tiring.Not to forget, it adds a totally boring system where you need to grind to unlock some ""elite"" units and when I say grind I mean play a lot and lot of games (which get boring quickly)."
,Not Recommended,285190,31523043,Posted: 3 May,all,♰ кᴀʏ ♰,"At best it is playable, the way the game is at this stage is decent in my opinion as I personally enjoyed it so far. I did find the fact that the game is very limited (due to its ""incompleteness"") and clunky with an abundance of random bugs but nonetheless is something I would still be happy to push in many more hours into it. Although I have a slight biased to ignorantly like everything warhammer related, I still am going through a predicament if I can really reccomend this game to others. Still irritated to the fact that there is only 3 races but I'm optimistic and hope for a ""surplus"" of additives in the future."
76561198064481155,Not Recommended,285190,31673230,Posted: 10 May,all,BritishEcho,"Can't recommend it really. It's not the worst game I have ever played, but there are a few things that bother me.I don't know why this is a thing with DOW, but I hate the fact that with each new game there is less content. 3 teams? Seriously...? Add that to the fact there is only 8 maps... no offense but wtf were you guys doing this whole time?. The story is a tutorial at best, a huge let down from the amazing singleplayer DOW2 had and the multiplayer is so fast paced it's unenjoyable.Micro micro micro, there is no time to think or plan strategy. It's a case of spam units and rush, there is no other way to play this game. If you decide to play defensive you are screwed because resource points are vital, and if you don't get them you may as well quit right there because you have no hope.There is no battle lines you can create, and to be honest there is very little point anyway since elite units can murder entire squads in seconds. There is no cover system outside of these shield spots which grant immunity from ranged attack to any unit inside, as long as the shield is up. And to be honest there is no base building either in my opinion, just a few structures that unlock your units. A shell feature from the orignal DOW.Jeez what else is there...Units are horribly inbalanced. Anti-armour teams such as the Devastators are pointless, their damage is laughable, even when you have many squads of them. Sniper teams are a joke, they may as well be shooting nerf darts. Armour basically wrecks everything, obvious with the Space Marines's Predator tanks which can walk through anything and everything, Eldar vehicles are also very powerful. I mean you know when something is wrong when even the anti-armour predator is better at taking out troops than most infantry squads. Elites are a mixed bag, some are underpowered as hell and others are overpowered to the point it's game breaking.AI is dumb as hell and pose no challenge whatsoever. They send units single file to their doom constantly and have no answer for groups of organised units.Have I put you off yet? I hope so because this game is not worth your money, wait for a sale if your that interested. There are some positive points, but compared to all the negative it stands no hope.I would avoid..."
,Not Recommended,285190,31436684,Posted: 29 April,all,Kamachi,"What can I say? Huge Warhammer: 40k fan. Loved the original DoW and it's expansions. DoW 2 was a let down as is this... The campaign is very, very linear and I can't imagine ever playing it again. The story was okay, nothing special.The whole experience just felt strictly limited not to mention the base game only having 3 factions... which means.. yes you guessed it, DLC all day long.I honestly cannot emphasis enough how limited the whole game feels, not worth £40 and I just wish I hadn't bothered putting so many hours into it as getting a refund will be next to impossible now.Sigh."
,Not Recommended,285190,31640896,Posted: 8 May,all,The Bullet Farmer,"Bugs, badly designed UI, terrible game balance, and bad optimization. I gave this game too many chances and it fell short every time."
,Not Recommended,285190,32290333,Posted: 9 June,all,The Trump Train,Absolute waste of my money. Barely any one online now.
,Not Recommended,285190,31672580,Posted: 10 May,all,Danteeva,"Dawn of War 1 = Very Good, still play it.Dawn of War 2 = Good, different to the first where its based around commanders, not bases. Good but DoW1 was more my style.Dawn of War 3 = WTF is this? I don't even want to play it. Its nothing like the trailers, theyve taken out the commander upgrades/gear. Normal troops are just awful, and the resource control is weird and I don't like it.Just no to this game. What a let down. Why call it Dawn of War 3 if its nothing at all like the others. Thats just riding off of their success. Not cool man, not cool.I gave it a go, but its so boring that I just can't. Plus it has none of the races I want to play. No doubt they will all be expensive DLC that will have an even worse campaign."
,Not Recommended,285190,31895218,Posted: 21 May,all,Monstein,"I loved the first two.  I hated in the story being forced to play all the races in  roatation group so it was never the same one two times.  Multi player felt more like a bad moba then a RTS.  I want to love this game, long time Warhammer player, but this game is just bad."
76561198014654060,Not Recommended,285190,33108083,Posted: 1 July,all,Sierra-4501,"absolute garbage game. 3 factions and a repeditive campaign. orks are over powered as ♥♥♥♥ and space marines are extremely underpowered unless you resort to blob tactics i.e. using all of the same unit to just blob around.pros-graphics on pointgood fan service (bringing back diomodes, taldeer etc.)cons-over powered unitsweak SMOP Orks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cooldown times for your higher up eliteshorse♥♥♥♥♥♥repeditive story line that FORCES you to play as all 3 factionsthe fact they only have 3 factions at launchdont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥untill its on sale and they added other factions and fixed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bomb squig issue with orks."
76561198066991978,Not Recommended,285190,33127120,Posted: 2 July,all,Confusedgerms,"I had really high hopes for this game when i first heard about it as i had been waiting for a new dawn of war game for years. Despite all the negative reviews it isn't terrible and you can still have a lot of fun if you can ignore some of its shortcomings.However this game has been out for just over 2 months and it's already dead, I regularly have to wait 5 - 10 minutes to find an online match. Given that this game is geared soley for multiplayer (The campaign is a glorified tutorial) I strongly urge you not to purchase this game. You will be paying £40 to just play a tutorial."
76561197981788912,Not Recommended,285190,33642134,Posted: 18 July,all,SpaceCowboy850,"I loved DoW 1 and Company of Heroes.  It is obvious that anyone that made the magic in those games has long since left Relic.  The missions are only passable.  Voices will tell you to do things in the mission that if you try to do them, will lose you the mission.  Hostile AI spawns in all the time paying no attention to resource allocations or anything.  There is usually no base to destroy or handicap.  No resources you are fighting over.  Just fending off the random spawns until you've done the mission objectives.  I had Mission 16 break where I could not finish the mission.  Several missions are fine until the last 1-2 minutes, then they decide to overwhelm your forces that would be difficult to prepare for without knowing they were going to do that.  This is exacerbated by a lack of autosave anywhere in the missions, so you'll need to remember to save frequently yourself, something I thought we had gotten past 15 years ago.  Finally, the in game economy seems busted, at least in SP.  You are rarely given enough resource points that you can grow your economy at any meaningful rate to build up the army you want/need.Very disappointed."
76561198002380460,Not Recommended,285190,31984692,Posted: 26 May,all,Courteous R.,Complete waste of time and money.  I literally could not stop falling asleep while playing it the very first time.
76561197968490115,Not Recommended,285190,31600236,Posted: 7 May,all,Terra,Dawn of war  3 - they took the best bits DOW 1 and DOW 2 to create something thats not quite as good as either of them.
76561197975425330,Not Recommended,285190,31502491,Posted: 2 May,all,DrT D4rK534,"Alllllrighty man this ♥♥♥♥ing game lol.So to start i was top 100 player in Vanilla dow i put 5k+ hours into it(measured by xfire pre-steam) To say i was a fan is a massive understatement.I soooo wanted to like/love this game. When it first came out in beta I immediately started streaming it to try and draw some people towards it.Pros:  The intro video is really intense and dark. However its the same intro video from the trailer so.... i dunno but its cool.Some of the animations of units fighting are super cool they're probably not on par with DoW1 cool but they are still cool.....my god i think thats about all the prosCons: The main menu and its sub genres are clunky and not intuitive. You can't even use your army builder while you search or just click around your elites/doctrines to theory craft.Limited mapsLimited boring maps. they are grey dark and ♥♥♥♥ing horrid.Balance is Horrid some units are useless some are ridiculously OP this is all forgiveable as its early days and once the meta settles a good patch ""should"" come outThere are these ridiculous cover dome things that are gamebreakingThe game is dynamic for all of about the first 5 minutes MAX. If your lucky you will spend the next 30 minutes fighting over a single point. If your unlucky you will just statically build up your army near your ridiculous shields and OP base turret for the next 30 minutes.SOFT COUNTERS. everything is a soft counter. (not everything but alot of things sometimes the answer isn't even build a different type of unit just more of the same faster than before.)Elite units are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible in their current setup UGH its ♥♥♥♥ing horrid who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that would be ok. Whoever thought jee whiz i bet the ♥♥♥♥ing kids(apologies i'm 32) are going to enjoy this. that man should be fired IMMEDIATELY. I'm not even sure how to fix them. I would completely rework them but this is a review not a this is how things can be fixed thingy.The general gameplay is just bleeding dumb. There are these brief flashes where something really cool happens which is almost infuriating because its tied together which a whole lot of drudgery and boredom. The problem is flow every battle is so ♥♥♥♥ing stagnant and eventually one team just wins out through sheer resilience.I have alot more but basically Don't buy this god awful game unless some patches come out with alot of very positive reviews."
76561198004159297,Not Recommended,285190,31896217,Posted: 21 May,all,Otiac,"This game's multiplayer is dead, and the game is just as bad as every review here makes it out to be."
,Not Recommended,285190,31583078,Posted: 6 May,all,ForgottenPrince,"Campaign is dull and easy-walk even on the hardest difficulty. Characters, their motivation, dialogs etc. are written so poorly a 5years old child wouldn't believe in it.In a multiplayer u didn't have a feel of tactical combat from dow2 nither u feel a stategical combat from dow1.You can construct buildings that produce units and that's called the Base Building. No defensive stuctures, no bonuses from stuctures - nothing. In dow2 u could build any unit in your stronghold, now u need to construct @barracks@ of a certain type, but this changes nothing.There are upgrades now, but most of them just gives +15% dmg etc. In dow2 you could customise your squads, giving them abilities. Even in dow2 most of upgrades gave your something besides +% of dmg/health. For example, attack range, greater tier of armour.So, in dow3 multiplayer all you do is running around the map until you get a hero ability that will wipe 1/3 of your forces or an ultimate, that will wipe your army almost completely.Lack of units diversity, lack of balance, lack of...everything. I won't mention a new visual style - it's a matter of taste."
,Not Recommended,285190,34076473,Posted: 7 August,all,Master of Gravy,"This game made me want to play Dawn of War 2 again, I hated Dawn of War 2. It is probably the least strategic strategy game ever created. I have too accept this series has peaked at Dark Crusade and will not likely recover."
76561198008134498,Not Recommended,285190,33028547,Posted: 30 June,all,maaike.tom,"What a dissapointment. None of the coolness and being in control that DOW2 had (limited amounts of troops to be controlled real time = doable and great fun). Lousy single player campaign, boring and predictable. Utter chaos on the battlefield, most of your units die without you even knowing it (= many units to control over a big battlefield, makes you run around with a blob of units just to keep them in sight and issue orders, absolutely no fun, nothing strategic about it). AT LEAST INSTALL A PAUSEBUTTON IN THE SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN, SO YOU CAN ISSUE ORDERS TO YOUR TROOPS AND REALLY PLAY STRATEGIC. Relic tried to combine the best of DOW and DOW 2, well they made the worst game in the series. Don't they realise that heroes need extra care and attention?? And what the hell were they thinking combining 3 races in 1 campaign?? Was it too hard to make 3 campaigns? Iv""e played DOW and DOW 2 extensively, I roleplay (tabletop) in the 40k universe, I have about 130 pocket books of the best written out universe to this day and all I can say... This game is HERESY! Give it the Emperor's peace!  Seriously I really feel like I've thrown money out of the window. In comparison... Total war warhammer 700 hours of gameplay, DOW 3 44 hours. Know what to buy!"
76561198011102125,Not Recommended,285190,32816394,Posted: 26 June,all,Scotsgrey,"Not a bad game, I'm just disappointed. Series is going backwards from Dark Crusade > DOW 2 > DOW 3. Also please check your specs, my cpu is a year ago and is barely functioning on this game which is odd because everything is a bit cartoon."
,Not Recommended,285190,33063178,Posted: 30 June,all,.::Druid::.,"I played it for an hour, uninstalled and asked for a refund. I am sick of games going the cookie cutter route and making it so simple for the masses, bring back the complexity and learning curve that makes these games so great, did you not learn from seeing what happened to Supreme Commander 2?"
,Not Recommended,285190,33442089,Posted: 10 July,all,Black Fish,They should just remake the origional DOW simple.This is a pile of really over priced junk.
76561198000320121,Not Recommended,285190,32836870,Posted: 26 June,all,Karimloo,You know when you play as Terran and you go Marine Marauder Medevac and just do that until you win or lose?That's this whole game.
76561198305362717,Not Recommended,285190,33017023,Posted: 29 June,all,England Is My City,What The ♥♥♥♥ happen to This gameBad ThingsThe story is A mess with chacters you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the mutiplay is a water down shell of it self with NO Cover and only 3 factions ONLY HALF OF DAWN OF WAR 2 The elites chacters are ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered the main mode is the WORST THING I HAVE EVER PLAYED it a ♥♥♥♥ING MOBA The resorce System is broken with no reason to take the other team resorces ANd ♥♥♥♥ your Listen post ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.They have Removed so many features  No Cover No Victory points no free for all no last stand no tau no chaso no tyarnids no Guards men. The Maps are barren with nothing to look at they are boring And LAZY. The progesstion sytem is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ making you most of the time way better than new players even if they have more skill than youGood ThingsThe Game looks Amazing really good. I have not ran into any buggs or glithes. the game runs at a good 60fps♥♥♥♥ you sega ♥♥♥♥ you and Don't you dare try and sell us chaso For $8 DOn't you even try don't buy this buy dawn of war 1 or 2 say away for this ♥♥♥♥ing Game till they give us a Good One Or Just Burn $60  then slap your self in the face.
76561197960931274,Not Recommended,285190,31849491,Posted: 19 May,all,Warduke,Nice job on alienating your fan base.. well done
,Not Recommended,285190,31431281,Posted: 28 April,all,DigitalBeef,"I was very sad to see DOW III decided to try and be one of the 'cool kids' instead of stick to its roots and add some new /original/ mechanics. The campaign isn't terrible, it's just starcraft II's campaign with a 40k story. The story is pretty top-notch, if you're a 40k fan with decent knowledge of how the eldar hierarchy works (esp. Biel-Tan's) and/or have read any of the Blood Ravens books. But the dedicated 40k fanbase is the one relic decided to neglect cause they wanted to chase after Blizzard's.If you're looking for bigger/cooler Soulstorm, get the ultimate apocalypse mod. If you like LOL/SCII this game could be fun for you. There's only one, yes, ONE type of multiplayer match. Suprise! It's League. I've never been much for playing RTS competitively anyways, but this is just sad. There's compstomping, but it sucks. Cause it's still just League.The army lineups are seriously lacking. Way too few unit types with not enough variety, very similar army builds between the three races. The biggest differences are in your league hero units, most of which which you will have to babysit if you want them to be worth their salt. Forget multiple engagements, if you're gonna split your army, you gotta pick one battle to win and the other to lose. The only real tactics are to use your hero's abilities and avoid the hostile's abilities anyways. It's not even that difficult, just tedious. Basebuilding is a joke. Game's pretty though, so I guess it's got that going for it.TL;DR 4/10 for DOW fans, 7/10 for LOL fans. Story 9/10 for 40K fans from what I've seen (I've beat about 3/4 of the campaign).  Play league or starcraft instead and get the novel."
76561198009351645,Not Recommended,285190,31982846,Posted: 26 May,all,Portugee,"I feel like a Heretic for purhcasing this game, may the Emperor continue to give his blessing."
76561198040472034,Not Recommended,285190,31406217,Posted: 27 April,all,Catmoo,"Played the tutorial enjoyed the small additions to movement, different units, the concept of sheild critical points and resource points being that of both energy, elite resource and strategic and a shield generator....turret....power station in a row wait hold on, proceeds to check skirmish mode...huh nope JUST a MOBA style of skirmish. Well that's unfortunate... $70.00 for a Starcraft style campaign no thank you.However I wish there was a ""would you recommend this game? Not unless on sale button""#NotmyDawnofWar"
76561198034119725,Not Recommended,285190,31708166,Posted: 12 May,all,Havoc,"The game will mostly revolve around the multiplayer because the Singleplayer Campaign (feels like a bad tutorial for MP) is very short and easy even on the hardest difficulty.For me, the MP feels sluggish tecnically (prob server side or netcode) and horribly balanced units dominate matchups at the moment.Unflexibleplay style required in order to win.Only 9 MP maps and some very poorly designed unit pool to compose from.Losing the fight over the middle point at the beginning of the match will most likely lose you the game. You will be forced to watch your base burn or quit and lose XP and gold.Edit: they added Surrended button."
76561198068699379,Not Recommended,285190,33447301,Posted: 10 July,all,Aunvaa,sad
,Not Recommended,285190,34366295,Posted: 19 August,all,Yazilliclick,"Got it with a 50% off coupon.  Have since put in for a refund.  Completed tutorial 1 & 2 and campaign mission 1 & 2 on hardest difficulty.  Never tried multiplayer.Maybe it gets better but if it does it would have to get a heck of a lot better to be worth keeping in mind.  So many better games to put time in.From what I've seen there are just a lot of really bad design choices.  Everything is slow paced, basic and not fun from what I've experienced.  Everything is presented in a very controlled, sloooow and limited fashion through tutorials and first two missions.  As an experienced RTS player it took 2 hours to get that far which is silly and it's all because of the game design limiting speed and what you're able to do.Then there are the obvious things to pick on like no rebindable keys, slow menus, bad camera, no AWSD for camera control, graphics not that great, settings not saving every time, slow saves, everything being based around unlocks for multiplayer etc...It's also a change from previous games and switching more to capture positions and more MOBA in multiplayer from what I understand.  There's no more cover from regular map elements, now there are specific cover points you have to capture."
76561198078738152,Not Recommended,285190,34431238,Posted: 22 August,all,R.L. Swine,"Amazing graphics, amazing sound and voice acting, beatiful battles. The good stops there.Its a MOBA. Unit management is insane and even on normal or casual takes so much focus. You are forced to learn keybindings in order to use units abilites, which are essential for victory. Even in campaign mode it is a struggle (and not the fun kind) to just enjoy the game. Cover has been removed from the game, and replaced with basically useless ""bubbles"" that you can capture which offer a flat defensive bonus. This is only effective if you are fighting Space Marines, as 9 times out of 10 the Ork or Eldar melee units will just run into the bubble and kill your units.Units are weak as all hell. They tell you in the tutorial that managing your units is essential because building new units is expensive. This is true, but is the equivelent of just saying ""Don't die."" And its impossible to reinforce your units unless you are by a base, which entails you running all your units back to base and reenforcing them, which isnt going to happen if youre under siege away from your base. Units now feel clunky, difficult to manage, and impersonal. They are just cannon fodder. Every tactic to win consists of pumping out basic units constantly in order to hold long enough to pump out elite units or ""heroes."" A very obvious nod to the MOBA scene. Which again must utilize their abilities via keybindings in order to be effective.The campaign is another issue. You play through the story switching between each race. You can't choose. Now while this game did teach me to enjoy playing Ork, I am a Space Marine fan all the way. I dont have as much fun playing as other races, and I would just like the ability to choose.All in all I just can't reccomend this title. It has so much potential to be great. They brought in some great ideas and brought back some good stuff they had left behind in the second game, but this whole MOBA, competitive gaming atmosphere they introduced is just...not for me. Not for most of us, apparently either."
76561198009426399,Not Recommended,285190,34468384,Posted: 24 August,all,madein1976,"Got the 50% off ticket so gave it a shot - what a waste of time.12 hours to download, start the game and it can't connect to Relic servers (error code -4), google-fu tells me that it's a Steam issue and Relic can't do anything about it, launch again, can't connect, try to reconnect half a dozen times and it eventually works, link my Relic account and we're away, loading screen, loading screen, loading screen, can't connect to Relic servers, try to reconnect about 20 times but still no luck, OK f@#k it I'll play offline, loading screen, loading screen, loading screen, pop up which asks if I want to quit to Windows, great idea, refund."
,Not Recommended,285190,31435340,Posted: 29 April,all,Phoenix,"So Dawn of War III, My excitement built from the moment the the trailer was released, watching the Imperial Knight titan Slashed in half by the Eldar Wraith Knight, I preordered the game the second it was avalible, and awaiting launch like a little boy awaiting Christmas.Then the open beta came, and i learned more about the game17 Missions in the campagin, split between 3 factions (ok i do like how the flow of the narrative goes)online 1 mission split between 1v1 2v2 3v3 where you have to destroy a shield generator turret and then a power generator. no other modes like a complete base wipe out like in dow 1, or total anniliation like dow 2 (technically)Is it a good game, Graphically it is amazing, best DOW Ever, game play is good too, there is just too little to go with and the campaign actually just feels like a very long multiplayer tutorial,Is it worth £40, No i regret the preorder and feel i have wasted my money atm, Hopefully with exspansions like dow1/2 had it could be a MUCH better i personally wish i had paid for it during a sale of some sort, or after the first exspansion.Would i buy it, again No not yet, BUT if you are happy with what is avalible then yer, its a solid graphically game and the story line seems fun atm. i just can't wait to see what they do with it later. (which i will redo this review)"
76561198038585631,Not Recommended,285190,33840565,Posted: 27 July,all,Davian Cool,"Bare bone multiplayer , art style doesn't fit the game, typical story. sadly there are none redeeming quality for this game. But I hope relic will listen to its playerbase instead of starcraft playerbase which neither of those two plays this game."
76561198012794158,Not Recommended,285190,34586414,Posted: 29 August,all,Firestar1212,"this is what happens when devs ignore the fansC&C4 gave C&C a deathblow it never recovered from, and now, DoW3 will probaly do it for the DoW gameshope is the first step on the road to disappointment"
76561198080736126,Not Recommended,285190,32451224,Posted: 15 June,all,marcus154,"IMHO, DOW3 is a horrible game.  DOW3 has more in common with Starcraft and little if anything in common with DOW1.  Overall reviews show that Relic has produced a bomb.  Further they are coming out with a patch that Relic says is what players want...basically turrets and the ""annihilation"" condition from DOW1...no other changes.  This will not improve the game at all...again IMHO.  I think overall reviews bear this out.  If you haven't purchased the game yet, best to wait to see if they do a DOW4...and even then, wait for the reviews before buying.  I certainly will."
76561198034304590,Recommended,285190,31661607,Posted: 10 May,all,Beheld,"SHORT REVIEWDawn of War III is an ambitious game, that falls short of realizing all it hoped to achieve. Its predecessors were better games at their times, but that doesn't make it -bad- game. It is, in fact, a good RTS, for both Warhammer 40k fans and new players to the lore and the franchise - if one is capable to deal with its shortcomings. If Relic develops it correctly post-launch, it has the potential to become a great game.If you're looking for a decent, fast paced RTS with a 40k sheen on it, DoW III is a good choice, specially if you're new to the genre or coming from MOBA titles.---LONGER REVIEWArt DirectionFor Warhammer 40k fans, the main ""con"" might be the art direction - apart from environment design (which is very good!), the direction chosen by the dev is very antagonical to the setting - 40k is known for its grimdark feel, but DoW III chooses a more ""light, cartoony"" feel so prevalent in current RTS and Moba titles. The animation is often exaggerated (and not always to improve ""readability"") and clearly unrealistic.Even though the voice actors are all competent, the quotes are a far cry from Dawn of War II memorable lines, and many returning characters have new voice actors (always a bad choice for video game narrative). With its focus on newer players, if hiring the old voice actors was a problem, one wonders why they didn't make a DoW III with original character (which is practically the tradition with the series) and leave the older characters for cameos or future appearances.Environment design, in contrast, is very interesting. Although the tileset is limited, snow, lava and platforms are beautifully rendered, often with minute details that can really improve the experience. I wish more RTS games had such attention to environment design, which can really amp the immersion factor!Overall, the game's art stylemightappeal to newer players or those not invested in the lore, but it can be quite jarring to 40k veterans.Single Player CampaignThe single player campaign is the standard 40k fare, to the point of being cliché. The narrative is still better than in DoW II Retribution, for example, but it could have used some improvement. Some secondary characters could have been better explored, and some inconsistencies really cheapen what could have been otherwise an engaging campaign.Even so, there is enough variety in the SP campaign - both from a gameplay and narrative perspective to make it interesting for the length of its 17 missions. It's a linear campaign featuring the three races, with narrated interludes and some cinematics between them - pretty standard for the genre (alas, they didn't take a cue from DoW II original campaign). I found the Ork missions to be particularly funny, and it was good to see them clearly portrayed as the dark comedy relief they should be.General GameplayThe main problem, as it stands today, is that DoW III seeks to be everything to everyone. It wants to be a base-building RTS to DoW I fans. It wants to be a hero-based micro RTS to DoW II fans. It wants to be familiar to MOBA players. It managesnotto reach any of those definitions. But the result is a good game, that can attract players from each of these target audiences.It needs to fix a lot of bugs and there's lot o balancing to do - but such is the nature of RTS. Some of the bugs are really problematic, making campaign missions become unfinishable or disrupting the balance of multiplayer, and there also several interface problems, both from a bug perspective (overall clarity in battle, targeting, etc) and from design (you can't customize which units/doctrine an AI opponent will have, there's no ""random race"" option to select, etc).It's three races offer distinct gameplay choices - each faction feels and plays very differently, which is always interesting for an RTS game. Raining drop pods with the Space Marines, skirmishing with the Eldar and gathering scrap with the Orks all offer great variety to DoW III. With custom ""doctrines"" to change how your army behaves in combat, the game can offer quite a few interesting options as you tweak your options and try different playstyles.Taking a cue from older games of the genre, beyond your regular army of units, you can also field ""elite units"", heroes a la Warcraft III and similar in power and scope to the leaders in Dawn of War II. You must choose three from a list of nine available to each faction, and they also impact the army with different abilities and possibilities. Unfortunately, they've added the classic ""f2p mechanic"" of MOBAS to the mix, and these elite units must be unlocked by in-game currency to be available to play. With the current rate of ""in-game currency"" being generated by the campaign and multiplayer matches, unlocking everything will require a significant amount of grinding on the player's part - not an interesting solution, specially for a full price game.It also lacks a variety of maps and play modes - currently, we have very few maps and only one way to play the game - ""power core mode"", which is basically a blend of old-school RTS with MOBA. Although this new game mode can be quite interesting, it can quickly become tiresome to play the same maps in the same game mode over and over again. Fortunately, the game has a map editor and the 40k fanbase to help it ;).The army painter you'd expect from DoW is still here, but one would think they've managed to improve it by now. It remains the same ""by the numbers"" paint scheme of previous DoWs, but such an unique feature of DoW (one of the few kept from the previous games) could have certainly used some love. 40k fans are known for their customization of tabletop miniatures, it would have been nice if the ""army painter"" in the new DoW was a little better than the same ""changing of color palettes"" we have always had since the first DoW.Final ThoughtsSee ""short review"", above! ^^"
,Not Recommended,285190,31398025,Posted: 27 April,all,Kazane,"I have to say, The Game it's Self is fine, However not worth the 60 dollars you paid for it. I plan on picking this back up when it goes on sale or goes down about 30 dollars becuase I feel thats all its worth."
,Not Recommended,285190,31704296,Posted: 12 May,all,Victuri,"Having played DoW 1 and 2 campaigns, i was hoping to find a similar style in DoW3.As i don't play multiplayer, i rely on a solid single player experience.Unfortunately, the game's campaign seemed a bit disjointed, as you change race between each mission, meaning that you don't have much time to learn the race characteristics and play style.The single player missions i did play, i found uncompelling and slow without the need for tactics, as you're able to keep building units as long as required.I refunded the purchase as without a meaningful campaign, i wasnt entertained for long, so i am quite disappointed, I hope any upcoming expansions can correct the campaign issues and open this iteration up again.UI design was frustating, and at the time of playing, there wasnt a method to change mouse sensitivity."
,Not Recommended,285190,31445789,Posted: 29 April,all,AveChill77,"I really wanted to love this game.  Being a lifelong Warhammer and Dawn of War fan, I had high expectations for this launch.  I loved the first Dawn of War and its expansions. Its basebuilding, unit managment, and large roster of buildings and units. Dawn of War 3 is a dumbed down mix between DoW and DoW2. Its got 3 factions which is okay cause im sure more will be released, even though we'll have to pay for them, but what really turned me off is the lack of content. Skirmish mode is gone, its now a MOBA mix of destroy the shield and then the node on a very limited few maps. Small number of units to summon and 5 whole buildings. This game is for children and i think Sega has spit in the face of it's loyal fans with this piece of trash. It has enough content to cost 20.00 dollars. No more. Sorry guys but this isn't what most of us were waiting for."
,Recommended,285190,31520114,Posted: 3 May,all,Cat Memes,"This is not a bad game.Speaking as someone who has not played the other Dawn of War games; I think it's a decent by itself.Sure, the pricing might be a little much for the actual amount of multiplayer content but overall it gave me at least two full days of good enjoyment in the single player campaign and I'm going to try the multiplayer soon.I understand where all the disappointment comes from, because it's pretty obvious to me at least that this game tries a little too much to be a 'next big thing' instead of just a great RTS or a successor to the other games.Is this a bad game because of that? No, I don't agree with that. Is it worth the price for the amount of content? That's debatable."
76561198177746559,Not Recommended,285190,31447085,Posted: 29 April,all,Lethal,"What a let down. I didnt want StarCraft 3 in the 40k universe. They tried to blend the awesome hero units from DOW II  without any of the tactics that made the game so much fun with the massive armies of starcraft and what you get is a boring pile of micromanaged garbge. No tactics, terrible cover system, campaing is sloppy, difficult(and not for good reasons) just build an army and send 100 units at the enemy. So let down by this game. forced myself to play for two hours but it was painful. They were on such a good path with DOW 2. what happened?"
,Not Recommended,285190,34401461,Posted: 21 August,all,Stuart,"I was origionally looking forward to this but reviews put me off and i waited until it reduced in price (i had a 50% coupon) to buy it.First thing you find is that the account creation page is set to US keyboard (i think) meaning that it doesnt read the computers regional settings and you have to type your email and password with keys typeing things otehr than you expect.On to the game, the campaign is a wierd mix of all 3 races in that you will be competeing against yourself through the campaign to complete the racial objectives. Three smaller campaigns would have been far more coherant.In the missions there are no checkpoints so if you fail in the last 10 seconds you have to replay the whole missing. To be fair it does say to save on one of the loading screen hints, but i didnt think there was no checkpoints at all so i didnt. Guess that will teach me.The currency to unlock units and doctorines is annoying and feels like it was crammed in for no reason. You already unlock items by Hero level, so adding extra onto that seems excesive.I havent (and wont) play the multiplayer so i cant comment on that.As i said i got it for half price and still not sure it is worth that much"
76561198295481676,Not Recommended,285190,35152565,Posted: 23 September,all,DJ GREEN,8 years since the first major dawn of war... still somehow ♥♥♥♥ed it up
,Not Recommended,285190,31431373,Posted: 28 April,all,Eathren,"What happened? What about unit diversity, or fast gameplay, or... something fun? I was willing to accept a new direction for the game, the same that happened in DoW2. But this just isn't fun, and I'm a huge MOBA buff. It's a non-moba MOBA, and it's just two teams sitting on either side fighting over the same middle resource node for forty minutes. Yawn fest."
,Not Recommended,285190,32960296,Posted: 28 June,all,valorousjoe,I feel like even as a huge warhammer 40k fan like myself. They didn't deliver. It had a great look and feel but they really got lazy on how many units each army had and how the storyline played. In past games you could play as each race in a solo campaign but in this one they make you do one campaign that switches between races ultimately leading to the same ending. Nothing will be as great as dawn of war 1 and all of its expansions
76561198172115871,Recommended,285190,32606114,Posted: 20 June,all,Savorrow,"With the addition of the extra gameplay modes this game has become much better.  Moves it from a 4/10 to a 5.5/10.Things that need improved on:-More Factions/Races!!!-More open campaign  (DoW 1 Planetary conquest style)-Fix the elites.  Fix them.   After lvling them to lvl 10 thats it, nothing else to improve or change.-Wargear!However,  I have still enjoyed the game for what it has been."
,Not Recommended,285190,34007254,Posted: 3 August,all,Mrs.Mitten,DEATH TO THE FALSE GOD!
76561198005504963,Recommended,285190,32607849,Posted: 20 June,all,Bohemond,"***Multi-player review*** (single-player is 'fine')I'm at a total loss to explain most of the negative reception this game received. A quick scan through the negative steam reviews makes me think of schizophrenia, with people saying it's too much like DoW1, too much like DoW2, too much like a MoBA, not enough like a MoBA, etc... I have lots of MoBA and RTS experience and quite frankly anyone who claims this game plays like a MoBA is flat out wrong. My only guess is that it's too different from what a lot of the market wanted it to be.It's an RTS and it plays in strategic concept similar to both DoW and CoH. The focus is on controlling the map with units built from buildings and collecting resources from the nodes spread across it. Hero units don't come out very quickly and the first ones available are just buff squads -- not really heroes at all. Furthermore, with proper control and composition, all hero units can be quickly dealt with by a handful of basic units (even titans).Also, while sniping objectives is possible, map control and resource generation are of primary importance. Cheesy sniping strats won't get you far on the ladder once you start playing against competent players.The races feel very different and play in a style consistent with the source material. Eldar are a little bit -- and I do mean only a little bit -- weak in 1v1s at the moment, but totally up to par in 2v2s and 3v3s. The 3v3 mode is where the game shines, with games going late, many build options and openers being viable and also having the bonus of being slower paced and more relaxing than 1v1s.If you like DoW, CoH, or just RTS games in general, and you go into this game expecting a solid RTS rather than DOW1:Remake or DOW2:Remake and can look past the objective's superficial MoBA appearance you should enjoy the game. I myself am a long time SC:BW, SC2, DoW1-2, LoL and DoTA fan and very happy with my purchase and enjoying the game a lot."
76561198028298805,Not Recommended,285190,31397306,Posted: 27 April,all,ClayMedia,"what the actual ♥♥♥♥ happened ?First of all on a 8gb 1060 it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥, why couldnt you just make warhammer moba  spin off and not ♥♥♥♥ with DoW :/ i was hoping for pretty version of soulstorm with maybe some new races/map/campign  but seriously some ♥♥♥♥ed up moba i dont even know what the ♥♥♥♥ it is just constantly spam units to win ? the ♥♥♥♥ is this if your fan of the orginal stick to soulstorm dont go near this moba♥♥♥♥♥♥thank god for steam refund"
76561198041170112,Recommended,285190,31950328,Posted: 25 May,all,Moller_Khan,"There is a lot of negativity around this release... which is probably justified if you're a fan of the franchise. This gets a thumbs up from me though, as I want it to improve - and it can.It isn't a terrible game - DoWIII has a lot of potential, but plenty of annoying flaws and limited content if you're only in this for the single-player game. If you love this series, IMPROVE IT by sharing your user experience, because there's nothing here that can't be fixed.The likely issue is that Relic have a team of next-generation devs who didn't put together the original DoW or DoWII, or by the looks of it, spend much time playing it. When you create for a franchise that has a strong fanbase - best just to improve instead of radically changing the game with every installment.Pros:1. Visuals and atmosphere - Great! Love the environments and the music isn't bad either.2. High-speed, visceral battles with lots of DoW1 style action waiting.3. Eldar! Interesting and innovative to play. Lots of warping and hit and run.4. Ork banter - hilarious as usual. Monsters inspired by London's East End.5. Plenty of abilities and tactics to encourage individual play-styles.6. Good to see buildings back in the game - turrets please and more buildings.Cons: (there are a few)1. Single player campaign is for console gamers. Tactical campaign map please? This is 40k.2. Story is generic. Three armies converge on one planet because: artifact/weapon/magic. As usual, politics between Space Marines, Inquisition and local forces. Boring.3. The hotkeys are rubbish. Cmon devs! ""L"" for listening post, ""B"" for build, ""R"" for Arsenal. A button to select builders. Take a hint from DoW1.4. Units are too small for effective micro. You will often find yourself clicking the wrong units.5. Orks should be *much* tougher as one of their innate features. You can mow them down at tier 1 with any army.6. Tactical marines / Devastators - this was always a bad idea. Let players customise tacs with heavy weapons. Much more fun. Bring back sergeants, too.7. No overwatch, which is ridiculous. I don't want to retreat 1 unit to a base and then click multiple times to reinforce it in the middle of a huge battle.8. The cover system is stupid. Why change it if it worked before?!9. Not enough information on the unit cards - how many troops am I missing if I have to click that many times to reinforce?10. Resource count/pop caps at the bottom of the screen - No. I don't want that info lumped in with all the rest. Put it back at the top.Suggestions:Feature ALL the unique 40k races - and not at £15 per race - they aren't lead figurines.Tactical campaign map for single player.Better writing if story is involved - Get Dan Abnett.More customisation for units.Buildings that correspond to tech level.Power as a separate resource, with its own building.Let's face it - initial response is terrible. If Relic want to fix this game, then I'd say LESS of DoW2 and more of DoW1 at this stage. Let's hope they can pull it off."
76561198035400024,Not Recommended,285190,31696099,Posted: 11 May,all,Jtwgeek,"I wish I could recomend this game, but I can't. I wasn't one of the ones that was super hyped for it. Kept my expectations low. But sadly even those low expectations haven't been met. The game is nearly unplayable in my opinion. There is no improvement in the graphics over 2, there is a decrease in the balance and engagement of the game. There's no immersion to it, especially when it jerks you from perspective to perspective each mission, forcing you to play a different race with a new gimmicky mechanic each mission. I have honestly not yet found anything redeeeming about this game, and have found no reason you shouldn't just go back and play back through Dawn of War 1 and 2 if you want the better experience."
76561198039663245,Not Recommended,285190,31496562,Posted: 1 May,all,facciola007,I refunded because they did a very lousy job on DOW 3.  Leader doing flips in battle what the heck whos stupid idea was that.
76561197973891121,Not Recommended,285190,31397710,Posted: 27 April,all,Kuthara,"Feels like they have progressively dumbed down the game from DoW. I feel bad that this carries the Warhammer name. If it was released with any other it would have probably died a horrible death already. They are selling a poor excuse of a RTS/RPG/MOBA (Whatever the hell they want to call it, they do not seem to know themselves) based purely on the 40k name."
76561198016330046,Not Recommended,285190,31396902,Posted: 27 April,all,Doan,"Oh boy, what a mess....    I played both, DoW I + II, and they were glorious. Slightly different from each other but fitting to the Universe they represent and the genre they wanted to display. RTS with Gore Galore. Warhammer 40K in your Face. And i was so happy when i heard they do another part of the series. The trailer hyped me even more. And then....  2 hours ago i finally started playing. And was shocked to see ""Blizzardlike"" graficstyles. Everything looks cartoony, the whole atmosphere felt so wrong. I said to myself: "" Ah come on. Grafics do not matter."" And so i started playing the Campaign. And at some point i could not stand it anymore. The gameplay is plain boring in my opinion. ""Basebuilding"" is the bare minimum. And a few other things (Coversystem gone, ""Elite units"" that feel basically the same on every race etc.) The Multiplayer isnt ""My army against yours on a Battlefield of Glory"". Its a got damned MOBA. Thats not what i paid for.If you expect another DoW part, you will be disappointed. This is a totally different game that used a big name to delude people into buying it. Sadly, sega couldnt pick up the pieces left by THQ. It feels like they didnt even try!Well. Disappointed. Refund request is out."
,Not Recommended,285190,31411059,Posted: 28 April,all,Kitsune,"ive been a hardcore fan of both dow 1 and 2 and bought every collector/special editions of each game and expansion the moment they were announced...... but do i recomend Dow 3:short answer:no, dont buy it untill it either goes on special or add more content/ game modes because its not woth it.long answer:the devs claimed  they plan to bring the best parts of the previous games but in reality they brought worst parts and slap it into a moba where the players supply both the heros and the fodder hoards. no, im not against new ideas to try out but...i'll break it down futher:for mutiplayer PVP:* Theres ONLY ONE(!) game mode (which is that moba style) with only 3 maps per team size matches (1v1 2v2, 3v3) so dont expecct destroy enermy base, hold stregic points/ticket fights or kill hero rulesets from the former games.* Base building is so watered down its baicly 4 buildings with a handfull of units per side. no more forts or firebases.* The whole resorce managment has been even furthered down with Rec and power points are the same stratigic point.* The exisitng maps feel like clusterF**** even with the ability to build foward buildings being abe anywhere compared dow 1 limiting it to bases or lisening points.* Aside from the stealth feilds and sheild generators placed in some key areas that range units can use, dow 3 completly does away with the use of cover. (both dow1 and 2 versions)*all eldar have personal sheild generators, not realy a bad thing in gameplay varieity wise, i just find it funny.* Morale system is completly gone, that means both sides are able to stand there and lay into each other untill one side is left standing (dow 1) or cant panic retreat back to base when the odds are against them (dow 2)* Did i mention it plays like a moba where you play as both the heros and the fodder mob? :P* Hero customisation has been dulled down to just a doctrine and a skin which you select before entering battle. You're limited to taking three ellite units into battle. theres a resonable selection of elites/ heros for each faction however nealy all of them are locked behind a level cap which can put you at a disavantage against other players.multiplayer co-op:*lol, there is one none. No co op campaign or last stand. however (though i didnt think i needed to add this since its standard for all dows) there ai for the moba skirmish (appenetly on player made maps the ai wont function without the moba towers present).Single player:its been decent so far, the ambeince makes it looks spectacular but it doesn't break the sensation of the dow traditional corridor walk that many maps are."
76561198007447851,Not Recommended,285190,31547103,Posted: 4 May,all,Azrael,"Instead of having the full base building (gun turrets are missing), Aswell as the planet maps so you can attack and be attacked from 1 and the customisable Lords from 2. They went with linear campaign from 2. Plus its a bad campaign. No customisable Lords from 1 plus no map at all. They got it so wrong. Plus it looks odd visuals. This could of been such a good game but looks like end of the line for DOW."
76561197970631025,Not Recommended,285190,31483303,Posted: 1 May,all,KrazyKitsune,"I would list why this game is terrible, but those that are belligerent in their beliefs will not care anyway. Many Like I are a die hard 40k and will have purchased this title reguardless.But for those of you that wish to hear my main greivance here it is. This was clearly a bid to capitalize on the GW IP by relic and Sega. WIth total war doing so well Sega probably figured, hey even though CoH2 was luke warm at least DoW did really well under Relic. Lets make another game using the GW license and cash in, to this i say.Shame on you Sega, shame on you Relic. Appologize to all of us warhammer fans for your lack of passion for this series. It clearly shows in how this game plays out. Nothing innovative was striven for, nothing memorable is given to us the fans.Be glad this isn't the 41 millenum.♥♥♥♥♥♥execution like this would have landed all your tech priests in the heretic category and their game engine branded as scrap code.  Your testers and QA staff chemically lobtomized and forced to repent for the reminder of their operational lives as servitors.You better get to work on a massive re-balance and change of game play like with DoW2 or you are pretty boned on this one."
76561198044423758,Not Recommended,285190,32738776,Posted: 24 June,all,Rone,This game for me was much better than 2. However it lacks soo much content. The fact I paid 60 for a game with only 3 armies and 1 multiplayer mode is disheartening. hope they release more content and it doesnt cost an arm and a leg like 2 did
76561198039341969,Not Recommended,285190,31813453,Posted: 17 May,all,Borz,What a waste of money and time this is. Expected more for €60....
76561197992715692,Not Recommended,285190,31688581,Posted: 11 May,all,eddieFATsacks,"I'm a long time DOW fan but I have to say that this iteration doesn't make any sense.  The smashing up of DOW with DOW2 and having so many units that have abilities makes managing them taxing and not fun.  I'm also certain that the build orders and enemy pairings are so unbalanced that whole games have been wasted due to the high cost of units vs imbalanced fights.  I really hoped that this game would be Relic's return to the industry, but at the current state it seems that the core of Relic devs have left and a new breed of devs have tried to smash so many different games together that nothing rises to the top.  I truly hope that they can figure our where their games fun is and try to make that the focus.  As of right now the game is all over the map.  Here are a few things that could make the game better.1) Double the resource points so that there are far more fights and the battles become a war of attrition2) Remove the host of abilities from units and return them to a paper rock scissors approach that has the doctrine/hero decisions be the difference in builds3) Make the shield / turret / core have double HP to prolong fights and make the removal of them be a greater achievement4) Offer a 2pt melee or shooter 4-5pt melee or shooter and a 7-9 pt melee or shooter option for all heroes.  If not then just have one of each5) Better pathing and allow friendly npcs to auto attack based on an aggro system.6) Allow me to tab through my selected units in my group so that i can use their abilities7) make the builder unit a single select and remove him from the marquee select so that we dont send in builders to battle8) Remove the CC and replace it with snares or other gameplay centric ideas that don’t immobilize everything.  Having all of this knockback feels cheap and makes the ability so common and frustrating9) Make the listening posts far more formidable and maybe add the ability to specialize the resource generation.  (the UI sucks btw I don’t know how many times I have clicked the point to build and moments after it slides the UI bar over I end up canceling it)  Early game we want currency then later we want energy so flipping my generators would be a fun management tool.These are just some spitball ideas while I play at lunch."
,Not Recommended,285190,31486087,Posted: 1 May,all,ZGLando,"*Rephrased Slightly*I played a lot of dawn of war. I got the original dawn of war on CD when it first came out, and played countless hours of that + the other series to come.The reason I say this game isn't worth it is because I feel like they dropped a lot of content (for example, there are 2 other races, Chaos Space Marines, and The Emperor's Army(which I only saw once during DoW3) and tyranids. - Unfortunately the only similarity to DoW1 with this in comparison sadly is the very few maps we were given from developers. (Majority of maps ALREADY come from community)What was more upsetting is that the maps weren't even that great, as they are all based on a similar MOBA styled gamemode. Which to me, isn't very fun because it can be very redundant and boring, rather than ""resource capping"" and winning through timed battles or ""relic superiority"" you're forced to go head-on through an already in-place defense. (Eliminates early base rushing), which to me makes a long drawn out trash match that just goes into over-drive where once ur hero dies u have PLENTY to have him come back with. I also dislike the removal of the ""retreat button"" biggest impacter to me honestly. I can't stress how annoying it is when an eldar enemy does a ""movable storm"" that lasts for a rediculously long time and my troops can't EVER out-run it. Sure it does very little dmg (not really because you're in it forever because you can't get out....) but it can wipe out your entire forces which makes the game just...bogus. I could look away for a split second and AI-HARD bots throw a storm on me and that's literally the only thing that can kill me or my guys all together , EVEN THOUGH we are winning hard. I find that a little stupid."
76561197991802435,Not Recommended,285190,31730154,Posted: 13 May,all,mightyix,"I've been a fan of the 40k universe pretty much since its inception in the late 80s.    I've been playing strategy games and RTS forever.I'm not a fan of either the 40k or the RTS aspects of this game.The story is bland, almost non existent.  The flavor of the GrimDark is barely present.  Because they FORCE you to play each faction in the single player campaign, and try and have a narrative that crosses all the factions at once, and because you alternate from faction to faction, there's almost no chance to get invested in any faction or segment of the story.From an RTS standpoint, they've oversimplified everything.  Buildings, Resources, Cover, Concealment... and have maps where there's very little opportunity to deploy units strategically.  Basic units have next to no survivability, especially against elites, and trying to play rock-paper-scissors tactics barely works.  There's little to no strategy to it.I do not recommend this game and despite trying to like it after more than 15 hours of gameplay, have been completely unable to do so."
76561198008173177,Not Recommended,285190,31845638,Posted: 19 May,all,DreOSS,"Dutch: vesion on the bottumEnglish: versionHad the luck to be part of beta testing.what was only Multiplayer.But if the Single player option had been available and maybe 1 or 2 lvls from the Compain I would probably not had purchased right now DOW3.Unfortunately, the game did not play as well as DOW2.My biggest turn off is the Compaine has not been set as well as COH1 & 2 ore DOW2.There is no clear line at all. You can not play with only space marines, eldar or orks you have to play with all 3 the fractions.I personally find it the death of this games singel player Compaine.This is often why you buy this kind of game at first to get started single player and continu with the Multiplayer.It feel very messy because you go from space marines to ork to eldar in compaine mode.Do not like playing with the eldars in this game and get really frustrated with the Eldar.Why do you have to play with all 3 if you already have a favorite.From the old hero System is nothing left over The new on is not at all clear there's no overview then it turns out that you can open another menu with your hero and there again you cane changes something bud its not clear,Your heroes lvls up it dos not matter, you can not really do anything ate the end with it.The DOW2 Compaine setup was so good and fun to play that I've definitely been playing for over 500+ game hours just the single player compaine.The hero levels upgrade was much better thought out than this game and also the weapons armor etc. that you got through the level was better thought about now you get nothing and your hero is also killed way to easy.With DOW3 I have the idea that the Focus went too much on multiplayer and the compaine was more a necessary thing.Normally a single player compaine was better or at least as good as it multiplayer.The Multi Palyer has no option for annihilation strange.What i think this should be just a standerd option in COH1 & 2 is the option just like DOW1 & 2 and now its notRelic has really made a mistake by just building a big as possible army on the screen and, in my opinion, it was much better to look back at old games of them. Why were they played a lot and still pleyed. COH1 is probably the best example of a game that still played even after all thise years.Pay close attention to what made DOW2 so strong, I think making a game totally new and hope it works is never good.Take an example of EA games and their C & C series that they've made a complete new game and there were too many things changed from what there RTS base game were like. other games were even stopped during production because the first tests were just bad and the fan base did not like it.please bring back the old hero system to start your hero straight away in the missions also giving you the opportunity to customize your heroes to your playing style as you could.Give the choice to play 1 fraction and do not commit to playing all 3 in single player compains.Final judgment:If I have to choose between DOW2 and DOW3, I would go for DOW2 at all timesIf yu like the DOW2 Compaine, I would definitely not buy DOW3 but if you're a Multiplayer fan than maybe.No DOW3 definitely does not gets the same joy as from DOW2.Relic and GameWorkShop I say back to the drawing table.Had DOW3 released with the same game play style DOW2 but with the option now to have a military army build up, guaranteed success.I assumed that the game would be more like  DOW2 with the addition of the option of building an army and more Heroes.But if I had known this also during the BETA tests that I belonged to, I would not have bought the game. Unless it wash on sale------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dutch Version:Had het geluk omdeel uit te maken van de beta testing.Wat alleen Multiplayer was.Maar als de Single player optie beschikbaar was geweest en mischien 1 of 2 lvls van de Compaine dan had ik DOW3 nu nog niet gekochtJammer dat het spel niet zo lekker weg speeld als DOW2.Grootste min punt is toch wel de Compaine lang niet zo goed op gezet als COH1&2 als DOW2.Zit totaal geen duidelijke lijn in. je kan niet met alleen space marines, eldar of orks spellen je moet met alle 3 de fracties spellen.Vind ik persoonlijk de dood steek van dit spel en zeker van de Compaine dit is toch vaak waarom je dit soort spellen als eerst koopt om daar na lekker aan de slag tegaan met de Multiplayer.Veder erg rommelig omdat je van fractie naar fractie gaat en niet 1 fractie continu speelt.Vind eldar niet lekker om mee tespellen en raak ook echt gefrusteerd van het spellen met eldar.Waarom moet je met alle 3 spellen als je al een favoriet hebt.Het oude hereo Systeem is niks van over gebleven de nieuwe op zet is helemaal niet duidelijk menu hier menu daar geen overzicht dan blijkt dat je met je hero's nog een menu kan openen en daar ook weer dingen kan doen,Je hero's levelt wel maar je kan er eigelijk niks mee uit eindelijk.De Compaine op zet van DOW2 was zo goed en leuk om tespellen dat ik hier zeker meer dan 500+ game uren in heb zitten gewoon weg om dat de singel player compain mijn maar bleef pakken helemaal het Hero systeem wat er was.De hero levels upgrade was veel beter uitgedacht dan dit spel en ook de wapens armor enz die je door de levels heen kreeg was beter over nagedacht nu krijg je niks en je Hero is ook zo dood.Bij DOW3 heb ik het idee dat de Focus te veel op multiplayer is gegaan en de compaine meer een nood zaak was.Voor heen was een singelplayer altijd beter of op ze minst net zo goed dan wat het nu is.En ook de Multi palyer ben ik niet zo over tespreken helemaal om dat je geen annihilation kan kiezen.Wat ik gek vindt dit zou gewoon een staandaart optie moeten zijn in COH1&2 zit de optie wel net als DOW1&2 en nu niet meer heel apart.Relic heeft echt een fout gemaakt door alleen maar zo groot mogelijke leger te willlen bouwen op het scherm en hier voor te gaan na mijn idee was het veel beter geweest om meer terug te kijken naar oude goede games van ze. waarom werden die veel gespeeld en nu nog steeds. COH1 is mischien wel het beste voorbeeld van een game wat nog steed mee kan met de rest.Let goed op wat DOW2 zo sterk maakte ga niet iets totaal nieuws verzinnen en hopen dat het werkt.Neem een voorbeeld aan EA games en hun C&C series die ze zelf de nek om hebben gedraait omdat ze teveel dingen gingen verandere van wat een RTS base bild game hoorde te zijn.Andrew games delen zelfs tijdens productie gestop omdat de eerste testen gewoon slecht waren en de fan base totaal niet aan sprak.Breng het oude hero systeem terug laat je heroes gelijk starten geef de mogelijk heid om je heroes aan tepassen naar jou speel style zo als dat kon.Geef de keuzen om 1 fractie te spellen en niet verplichten om alle 3 te moeten spellen in single player compaine.Eind oordeel:Als ik tussen DOW2 en DOW3 moet kiezen zou ik ten alle tijden voor DOW2 gaanAls je de Compaine van DOW2 cool vind of vond zou ik zeker DOW3 niet aanraden maar ben je een fan van de Multiplayer dan mischien wel.Nee DOW3 neemt zeker niet het stokje over van DOW2 het spel zit niet goed in genoeg in elkaar na mijn ideeRelic en GameWorkShop jammer vorige delen waren echt goed.Had DOW3 meer in de gelijkennis kwa game play op DOW2 maar met de optie die er nu is om gelijk een leger tebouwen er bij had gedaan gegaraneerd succes.Was er van uit gegaan dat het spel veel weg zou hebben van DOW2 met als toevoeging de optie van het bouwen van een leger er bij en meer Heroes.Maar als ik dit had geweten ook tijdens de BETA testen waar ik deel van uitmaakte dan had ik het spel nu niet gekocht. Maar wel in de uitverkoop."
76561198091001362,Not Recommended,285190,31687181,Posted: 11 May,all,Chris89cool,"The game is more like DOW 1 than DOW 2, but it somewhere in the middle of the two. It doesn't accomplish the feeling of either. The devs needed to make a decision to be like one or the other. They tried to have the best of both worlds but failed. If it wasn't a Warhammer 40K title, it would be a 3/10, but because I am a fan of almost anything Warhammer 40K, I give it a 5/10. Multiplayer is just meh, the single player jumps around and doesn't really tell a unique story. The cinematics and voice work are great. Overall, very dissapointed in the product."
,Not Recommended,285190,31687666,Posted: 11 May,all,Starscream,"Glad I finished the storyline already so I can stop playing this game. It just doesn't feel right, the whole game is slow. They tried to do a starcraft/warcraft thing when they shouldve just went with a company of heroes sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,285190,31436478,Posted: 29 April,all,NickToony,"I just can't figure out how to enjoy it. The style and gameplay are unappealing. Everything else just isn't special or outstanding enough to keep me interested.If it's a chore of 10 hours to learn how to ""like"" the game, as is generally argued, then how can I recommend this?"
76561198002917203,Not Recommended,285190,31952375,Posted: 25 May,all,Vargre,"I tried. I wanted to like this so bad. I loved DoW and DoW II was good...but this...its SO ♥♥♥♥ING BORING. And they took out all the good things from before. There is no retreat button. Magic healing by your base is stupid. You cant rotate the camera. Controlling your army is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Its very counter-intuitive. And it makes no sense. If they would have just used the same kind of mechanics for DoW this game would be amazing. As it is, I cant recommend it. I wish Id returned it when i had the chance but i figured id give it more time. Now im stuck with a 60$ game that Ill probably never play.Pros: Good graphicsCons: Everything else"
76561197981887900,Not Recommended,285190,32147151,Posted: 3 June,all,MartialDoctor,"The more I play this, the more I realize that this is not the RTS game that I am looking for. It departs too much from the tactics and strategy required of previous DoW games and requires more twitch skill.I, at first, found the game to be innovative and interesting. However, the more that I played it, the more that I found that there are too many abilities, especially late game ones, that just allow complete cheese tactics; ones that can completely wipe out entire armies in a matter of seconds.I see now why so many are saying it is a MOBA as, even though it does have RTS elements as well, it plays like a MOBA in many ways. Although I would agree that strategy is important, I've seen games where players win games simply because they have good twitch skills and use abilities to quickly take out your units before you can react.There are definitely people who enjoy this game. However, I am quickly losing interest. I prefer games with more strategic depth and less twitch gaming, as previous DoW games were."
76561197970762017,Not Recommended,285190,32099173,Posted: 31 May,all,HarneyEmpire,"The DAMN text in game is too Small - what is this ? FONT size 3 or 4. I can't read what the weapons do, the upgrades, etc.The Text in Steam is what the size should be. Como Fix this already. I like the game BUT i have yo give it a Thumps Down to a  font size of 4.Did the developers use a 60 inch screen when they select a Font Size. Give me a Break !"
76561198042675673,Not Recommended,285190,32791397,Posted: 25 June,all,Chaos Reborn,"I started with DOW 2 and the last stand mode was the best. Then I got all the DOW 1 games, Dark Crusade is by far my favorite. I can't recomend this game, The only part that is true to the franchise is the name.... nothing else. I will still play on occasion but that is all."
76561197983506960,Not Recommended,285190,32099851,Posted: 31 May,all,SkattCat,"In and of itself, not a ""bad"" game. Reminds me somewhat of C&C 4 with the appearence of units. To me however its not really a ""Dawn of War"" game. The campaign combines all three races (Space Marines, Orks, Eldar) into one campaign so the single player experience is somewhat lacking in my opinion. There's a leveling element to Hero units but as of now its somewhat broken. There's ""perks"" for armies/races you can purchase with ""Skulls"" you get rewarded with after missions but they came across to me as ""meh.""As for multiplayer, theres no ""Last Stand"" (probably going to be a DLC you have to pay for if it ever happens..) and the MP community seems dead on arrival. The few times I've gone to try mulitplayer there were no matches to be found or a painfully long wait.So, if your curious but still holding out I'd reccomend a pass on this one until its on sale. They might yet make it into a good game via patches and updates. Those of us that bought it full price can only hope."
76561198017708254,Not Recommended,285190,31891415,Posted: 21 May,all,Crazy Ass Praying Mantis,"My personal stance on this is that it's not a bad game, it just doesn't live up to expectations. The multiplayer honestly isn't polished enough to be worth the price tag and I can't speak for the campaign since I haven't played it yet, but the general consensus is that it needs to be fleshed out more.Pros:-The graphics and unit/building design are excellent, especially for the Orks-Some of the heroes have interesting mechanics and play like the downgraded MOBA heroes they're supposed to be-The game captures the 40k aesthetic well, with appropiate voice acting and an art style that captures the theme of the franchise-The multiplayer actually gets pretty fun and hectic at times and there's definitely opportunities for skillful clutch plays every gameCons:-I really, really don't like the garrison bubble system. Just don't think it's what it was intended to be and takes away from the depth IMO-Some of the heroes are just crap and have inconsistent or illogical playstyles-The game has some balancing issues, especially with ASMs being as strong as they are in melee-The eldar don't really feel as fleshed out mechanically as the SMs and Orkz. The only real thing they have going for them is the webway gate feature, which feels bland compared to what the Orkz and SMs can do.-There honestly need to be more races. It's a real shame that the game didn't launch with any Necrons or Tau, not to even mention Chaos.-Only one gamemode for some reason and a limited map selection-The turret/core system doesn't feel...right for an RTS with a macro/micro focus divide. It's a weird take from the MOBA genre that doesn't blend with the game particularly well and feels out of place mechanically-It just gets boring after a while. With only one gamemode, most games devolve into the same thing every match, with a clear winner after a set period of time. This is more of a personal thing, but the game just doesn't hold my attention as well as DOW:DC managed to do.Neutral:-The elite point system is bleh, but that's a matter of personal preference. Feels gimmicky, but it's really up to the individual player to see if they like how it impacts the game.If the price was reduced to 30$, I might be able to recommend this game, but in its current state the quantity and quality of content just isn't up to a AAA standard. Definitely check it out if its on sale, but I wouldn't recommend a full price purchase at all."
76561197981175705,Recommended,285190,31462079,Posted: 30 April,all,Femto,"A great RTS, that doesn't really play like it's predecessors, for which it gets an absurd amount of hate.Cons:- Only 1 game mode which is called Power Core and that has a few sub-objectives on the map, which led people to compare it to MOBA's. It isn't, not one bit, but if Relic would've at least made a second, normal, kill-your-opponents-base type of game mode at release, then a lot of the complaints and misguided criticism could've been avoided.- Only 8 maps for MP. As a multiplayer focused RTS, it seems pretty odd to release it with so little multiplayer content...- Doesn't hold the lore as strictly as it's predecessors. The whole jumping and doing front-flips in terminator armor is a big bugbear for a lot of fans. Even though it might seem as a strange nit-pick to someone who's not into WH40K lore.Pros:- A very smooth and tight gameplay. Removing sync-kills and cover-mechanic while may seem to some like a con, is actually done for a reason. Now you're units do not get stack in killing animations for you to wait until you can order them to do something again, and when you click a move button, they move where you clicked and not where the AI decides is the best cover for them (and sometimes in the previous game it could decide that the best cover would be to hide on the other side of that rock you happened to click near, with their♥♥♥♥♥facing the enemy).- Hero units. They don't have as much customization as in DoW2, but there are a lot more of them, and the end-game heroes like Solaria and Wraith-Lord are just insanely fun to use, and they wreck havock on the battlefield like no other unit. Very WH40K-kind of thing.- A big and polished campaign. It isn't as good as SC2 campaign, but it is definitely servicible and with WH40K flare added to it. Orks are hillarious, Space Marines are serious, and The Eldar are proud and boring. Just the way it should be.- Graphics are very nice, the detail on individual models may not strike your imagination (nor should it), but the game focuses on much larger armies on screen then any of the 2 previous games, and when those large armies colide with each other the spectacle on screen is a show to behold. The practical and special effects are probably the best in the genre actually, really good looking RTS.- Sound design. Visceral, loud, heavy, just as you'd expect from a WH40K game."
76561198006658129,Not Recommended,285190,31488389,Posted: 1 May,all,Icecream1973,"For some reason I made this purchase @full price just a couple of days after launch (no pre-order, as I do not pre-order games with ONLY ""a cosmetic skin pre-order bonus"", which is absolutely ridiculous in terms of pre-ordering any digital games, especially in the year of 2017) :-/Also did the tutorial...... I wonder why the developers didn't mention IF you have previous RTS or DoW RTS experience -> you actually do not need any of the tutorials. In my case I've have played all the previous DoW RTS, so this is basically 98% a complete waste of your precious pc-game-time ;-)My PC specs, i7, 16GB RAM, Geforce GTX 750 Ti, graphic settings on: high.For some reason this tutorial already ""felt weird"", very tiny units in regards towards the map. But maybe this is due to me not used to DoW3. Anyway, my highlevel views of DoW3 (after playing the first campaign mission).The positives:+ Graphics look great, back ground look awesome (sometimes even better than StarCraft)+ Game movies (including the intro) belong to some of the best created.The negatives:- The tutorial, which is 98% a complete waste of your time if you actually have previous DoW RTS experience -> see earlier notes.- Gameplay is ""a bit dissapointing"", it is sincerely feels like 1 bloody chaotic mess: I did have NO clue which unit is doing what or which unit to select & where. Basically my eyes were ping-ponging all over the screen, also had some difficulties finding units & also do not understand WHY elite units are simply not put in the same location as the normal units. Also I am a bit clueless WHY the devs put the campaign-map somewhere middle-right of the screen (instead of top- or down right). 95% of all the strategy games put the overview map on the top- or bottom of screen, so WHY the bloody F this game ""has a need to stand out"" puzzles me.....- NO adjustable gameplay speed whatsoever, desperately needed to make some bloody sense what the hell is happening on the map.- Have a dislike for the manner choosen for unit selection, this ""blue-ish line"" makes the entire feel to the game too cartoonish.- First campaign mission is a sort of full-on-hero-rush, this certainly has NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY STRATEGY.I could be entirely wrong & maybe I am just an old fart with too much love for turn based strategy instead of (very fast paced) RTS. Or maybe I simply expected something resembling any strategy game or even something somewhat resembling any of the first DoW RTS games by THQ :-(I think I am going to ask for a refund & maybe buy this again when it is on sale. Hope my review prevents any dissapointment for some of you ;-)"
,Recommended,285190,31408887,Posted: 27 April,all,Magos,"Good game. Most of the sore points I've read from other reviews are based on nostalgic interpretations of the previous two games, or a muddied interpretation of the already rather muddied 40K lore.As with DOW II I am dissapointed by the lack of diversity regarding game modes in Multiplayer (when will we see FFA), however the focus on streamnlining the RTS experience and catering to a larger audience makes sense. Its not as MOBA as reviews led me to believe though the comparison can be made.The game runs well (R9 Fury), the graphics are nice considering the scale and the atmosphere is right on the money (I really don't see why so many people have such an issue with the art style, its more classic 40k than modern grim dark, seriously 40K was never about taking itself so seriously). It's a spectacle to watch though it will take me some time to handle the UI.The micro is solid and rewarding with troop abilities being non essential but worth the effort. Elite's obviously play a larger role in this and demand more micro but the clarity of the information in the UI at least in regads to this makes it viable.The game is relatively fast paced, likely to provide faster more competition like multiplayer. I'd like to see some mods come out that will offer more variety in this as I can see it not being to everyones tastes.Armies are well balanced though the balance comes with the cost of them feeling 'samey' though the elites and the quality of voice acting and personality offerd to units goes a long way to resolve this. Perhaps with more armies we will see a greater diversity of play style and army composition, though hopefully at no cost to balance.It might be a hard sell at full price but given some multiplayer content updates (being sony not likely free but we can hope) and come user created content I see a lot of value in Dawn of War III.Caveat: Sony may well kill this title with overpriced low quality DLC as we saw with DOWII. I can';t predict this but I'm surprisingly pleased with DOW III as it stands."
76561198156762049,Recommended,285190,31409218,Posted: 27 April,all,Cereb,"TLDRIf you are on the fence wait till the game goes on sale.If you want dow2++ then buy dow2 and use modsNot a moba, not a bad game.It's a decent warhammer40k fix.More between dow1 and starcraft then dow2.Not a moba, less cartoony in atmosphere then dow1, has actual base building unlike dow2.Solo vs bots gives xp for elietes, just have to do solo online, not custom.Gameplay is rather fast, but it's hard to flat out win quickly or early due to the base turrets and the escelation system.Heavy on point control like dow2.Pretty good number of units for each side.Each faction is differnt in it's strenghts.The elites make the armys feel completly different depending on your eliete and doctrine loadout.Overall i would say despite my first impressions (in beta) i'm enjoying it. The campaign is very linier and i havn't gotten far, though hear it's short.Lets be honest here, relics games are always made ""good"" by their expansions, not the base game. Base dow1 was a buggy unbalanced ""ok"" rts. Base dow2 was almost nothing like dow1 and seemed to be a warhammer40k skin of company of heroes."
76561198006519607,Not Recommended,285190,31580125,Posted: 6 May,all,chezawitz,"I was expecting a continuation and improvement on the DoW series i love - This is not DOW. They should have just gave it its own name.-Very bright, cartoonish graphics that take away from the true 40k Grimdark universe.-Limited unit types and wavailible wargear, limited maps, limited factions, i could go on.The DoW Utimate Apocalypse mod created by the gaming community has surpassed anything developers have done in this attempt.If you're new to the 40k universe or are a starcraft  fan you may not be dissapointed- my 12 yr old enjoys it.I wont be purchasing any DLC or expansions for this game- its a $$ making scam. I would rather continue to support the game modding community who are actually bringing content to DoW that fans want and enjoy... but thats just my opinion, decide for yourself"
76561197969266312,Not Recommended,285190,31486486,Posted: 1 May,all,Muzzy,"I have played DOW 1 and DOW 2 for many hours over the years and enjoyed them both for different reasons. DOW 1 for the larger scale battles, base building and sheer variety of factions. DOW 2 for the tactical based shooting element and again variety of units, unit customisations and upgrades and variety in game modes. Not to mention the campaign of DOW 2 which was really good with unit progression.. more of a RPG/RTS hybrid. I even really enjoyed the Soulstorm campaign for its RISK like features. Both DOW 1 and DOW 2 felt like Warhammer games.When it comes to DOW 3, the campaign is very simple (no autosave feature, remember to save regularily during missions) and it really is pretty much a tutorial for Multiplayer.. Which only features 3 factions, a very limited amount of maps and gamemodes. I think they may have tried to take bits from the DOW 2 campaign at times with only letting you use hero units and micromanage them.. The only problem is the 'xp progression' for them really only unlocks skins, paint colours and 'skulls' that you can use to purchase 'doctrines' for your armies that give you slight buffs in certain areas or an extra skill here or there. There are no cool Wargear unlocks or progression like in the past, so it's all pretty pointless really.Then there is (for a warhammer fan) the total lack of respect for the 'canon' in the 40k franchise.A back flipping terminator armoured space marine? A tactical squad all with plasma guns? A terminator squad with 3 assault cannons and cyclone missile launcher? Whats with the Lascannons DPS increase over time?!? Assault marine squads all armed with power swords? No Sgts? I could go on, but you get the point.Then you have the so called 'elites' which while in some circumstances make sense (Terminators) in others such as Stricking Scorpions make no sense. The SS are generally less 'elite' than Howling Banshees in the lore- with Howling Banshees having 'power weapons' and SS having only Chainswords. And then for some reason the (very rare and warriors of last resort in Eldar lore) Wraithguard are not Elites but standard units. The orks make the most sense to be honest.At this point in time don't bother buying DOW 3 as you won't get any good new 'Warhammer' experiences from it. Merely a generic campaign and limited Multiplayer replayability. I see what they have tried to do with the multiplayer with E-sports in mind but it really just doesnt work for me I'm afraid.The art stye isn't as bad as it looks in screenshots but the animations are very.. bouncy.. and the game doesn't look any better than DOW 2!!The AI is also shockingly bad- there have been multiple times when units have just stood still on their own and done nothing whilst taking fire from the enemy, for example an Assault marine squad will just stand in place and get shot down if you dont command them to attack or flee. It's terrible. Also no 'retreat' button like DOW 2.Bring on DOW IV.. Next time Relic listen to the community and try and resist what was probably undue meddling from an impatient publisher *cough* SEGA *cough*.I know the review sounds very negative, it isn't terrible and you can tell that a lot of hard work went into making it, but it just isn't WARHAMMER.6/10- Entertaining but a totally missed opportunity for what could have been."
76561198005988561,Not Recommended,285190,31883685,Posted: 21 May,all,Ronnie2840,"All I can say is disapointing. I love the whole 4k world and the story line is just disappointing. Like seriously, customisation does not exist and the 'hero's/champions' are just expendable bullet sokers.I loved the orginial's prior to Dawn of War series and loved it, and was really excited for this to come out. Now I just wished I bought 'Ghosts'."
76561198008368070,Not Recommended,285190,32141536,Posted: 2 June,all,St. Warlocal,"I really wished I could recommend this, But I can not.Warhammer is maybe my favorite franchise in the world. DOW 2 was one of my favorite games of all time, while I also loved DOW 1, it was DOW 2 that got the prize in my opnion, and that was for a simple reason, it had a compelling narrative and the gameplay only reinforced that. The squad base game was very solid and decisions and positioning mattered. one could not merely sent a troop and know the outcome. the scale of the fights was mostly smaller then DOW 3 but that was not a bad thing, it allowed one to make decisions on what each squad did and effectively use its abilities and properties.This could not be further from what DOW 3 is. Sure the game looks amazing I cannot deny them that. However it does not feel awesome. Units are bullet Sponges even ork boyz, the importance of positioning is no more, in fact it has no meaning anymore, cover system that was very polished and useful was thrown away and now you have shielded fixed locations on the map that feel ridiculous. Squads have no longer specialized functions that complement each other, it is not rare to see players hosting whole armies as if it was one big mob of troops exactly because they feel like they are. The squads lost all the careful differences each had and its properties that made them so unique and useful.This an attempt to create a competive game, a failed one for the community that this game was based on is not DOTA or League  players. But people who love a Grim Dark Universe and Tactical games."
,Not Recommended,285190,32495475,Posted: 16 June,all,afuson,This was a massive dissapointment to me.The plaining in the game is gone.And no sinc kills
76561198006726736,Not Recommended,285190,33015612,Posted: 29 June,all,Magna,Hated the campaign and I don't play multiplayer. Some sort of horrible mashup of MOBA with some base building thrown in. Total waste of money nothing like DOW I or II. I guess buy it if dont mind spending $60 on LOL with a 40k skin.
,Not Recommended,285190,33357441,Posted: 7 July,all,Drakan Vangorich,The Imperium can not stand for this Heresy. I hereby decree Exterminatus upon this game. Load the Cyclonic Torpedos and expunge this game from the Imperial Records. All other inquiries should be brought before the Ordo Hereticus.
76561198006672777,Not Recommended,285190,31700165,Posted: 12 May,all,CaptainThule117,I would recommend that any 40k fan wait on this one.So so storyCannot select a specific race for the campaign3 races in multiplayer1 multiplayer modeOnly 9 multiplayer maps available in total - (3 - 1 vs 1) (3 - 2 vs 2) (3 - 3 vs 3)No Last StandWait until all DLC's come out with a deal on steam.
76561197993299750,Not Recommended,285190,32392931,Posted: 13 June,all,Dahkness,"Game is iffy at best. I played both Dawn of War 1 & 2 with all the expansions and i'd rate this game 2 of 5 stars. I really liked DOW 2 as the gameplay was awesome but even in DOW 1, the base management and squad micro-management was a lot better than this. Now the graphics in this game are outstanding, however gameplay is terrible. very stiff controls and unit  management is bad. campaign has you jumping from each faction so mastering each takes a lot longer and the scenarios don't ramp up for that skill building. specific things i didn't like:1.Reinforcing a squad can only be done at a major building. this means you're running squads back and forth to home base or building a barraks halfway up the map which sucks up resources.2. No commander wargear options. Both DOW 1 & 2 have great wargear options for your commander which adds a sort of RPG element to your campaign and it was exciting to get new weapons and armor that could change how they would fight.3. Vastly different game concepts between each faction although all seemed like an attrition war instead of being skillful with what you have.4. Cover mechanic is bad. the cover mechanics acts like a building which gains a shield reducing shooting damage if you occupy it. game teaches you to send in melee units to force the occupying squad out. Problem is several units who are melee based can't path properly to do this. this includes the warboss half the time and defdredds.overall i found the mechanics for this game to be bad, and i'm currently unistalling it from my comp after several hours of frustrating game play."
76561198049779851,Not Recommended,285190,32391769,Posted: 13 June,all,Vae victis,"-Absence of sync kills.-No possibility to change keybindings.-Only 3 factions.-Poor balancing.-Hybrid of MOBA and Strategy with worst parts of each genre.-Graphical degradation.-Poor, unispired music.-Had a lot of bugs at release and plenty still active.-Mediocre campaign, which is reskin of  original DOW but without chaos space marines as active side of conflict.-Only 1 gamemode in multiplayer which leads to lack of content in general.-Overpriced. 60$ is too much for  this game."
76561198036447939,Recommended,285190,31448028,Posted: 29 April,all,Yennefer ♀,"This game in my opinion is very good and i would advise anyone who is into RTS and strategy games in general to try it out.What you should never do is trust steam reviews because they are sadly easy to abuse, if i payed attention to them i would never have bought Total War Warhammer for example which turned out to be best selling total war game ever made.This game:Is something new and fun, it combines elements from dawn of war 1 and 2 while also implementing elite units/leaders like you have in starcraft 2 or total war warhammer.                                            -If anyone looks at store page/review stuff than i urge you to read them, 90% of negative comments boil down to "" this game differs from dow 1 and 2 and so i don't like it"" .                                        That is good! It should be different because otherwise it would have been just a copy-paste of what we already have. If you want DOW1 go play DOW1, if you want DOW2 go play DOW 2, but don't come here and buy DOW3 expecting to play 1 and 2.Dawn of War 3 is very fun and unique game with elements of previous games in the series while not being affraid to implement new features just like Total War Warhammer was not being affraid being Warhammer instead of Rome 3 TotalWar.My suggestion to my friends on Steam and to fellow strategy gamers is to buy the game, play campaign for less than 2 hours and if you don't like it, refund it, simple as that.It is your money so YOU be the judge if it's a good game for you or not, don't let random strangers on the internet decide/make that choice for you.                                                             P.S Because my profile is set to private for strangers ( it is perfectly visible for friends) i don't know if hours played will show in this review, so in case they don't i have 12 hours played, at the time of writing this review."
76561198007103109,Recommended,285190,31410382,Posted: 28 April,all,NorthWestFresh,"I think all the Negative Reviews are from people that have immediately posted initial impressions before understanding the depth and Nuiance of the new game mechanics..... So another words they havent even bothered to learn the game, or have even given it a chance which is very unfortunate Imo. Ill admit I had the same negative immediate impression in the beta after like two games and stopped playing. But I already pre ordered so Today launch day I started playing and after say more then 3-8  games Lo and Behold this game is becoming quite fun and I can see great potential here for a very competive intense and entertaining game. Who knows maybe this spark of enjoyment and fun Im starting to develop will be short lived and get boring and the game wont hold Up I can't say for sure But those of you saying this game is crap after 1 or two games just because its different than its predecessors is obsured and Narrowed minded. The meta hasnt even had a chance to develop yet which takes quite awile with RTS so I just want to say I think all these negative reviews are  a little unfair and short sighted and should be ignored for at least the time being.Who is to say this game wont turn out to be a work of genius and a gem of a slightly new twist of RTS.As for me I dont regret buying this game anymore becuase Im having fun and personally I already enjoy the single player much more then DOW 2 which IMO failed to capture the scale of WarHammer and it had no strategy, I really didnt like it but I did play Through because I did enjoy the story and  level and customizing my characters but man the maps were horrible and it wasnt strategy at all just ""A"" move around from point A to point B maybe this single player isnt much different in the long run but at least it feels like truly epic battles which is much more fitting for immersion."
76561198008634107,Recommended,285190,31425033,Posted: 28 April,all,(PG)Damocleis,"this game is not like what everyone says it is, there is alot of salt about the way the game has adapted and changed as there usually is when a large series does. We all know this was going to happen eventually, i would recomend dont let these other people make the decision for you try it out for yourself and see if you enjoy it. Personally i love the changes and believe the game all the better for them"
76561198004744150,Not Recommended,285190,31491485,Posted: 1 May,all,Red Aria,"Please note that I only have interest in single player, so that is what my review based on.This is not a Dawn of War game. This is a weird combination of neutered rts and squad command, that aims to take good sides of both, but ends up being neither. Control is annoying, UI is weird, YOU CANT REBIND HOTKEYS ITS 2017 WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CAN YOU NOT REBIND HOTKEYS IN 2017.But the biggest issue is story. The reason people (at least myself) like DOW so much is because for the fantastic WH40k story. Well, im a lore freak - and im about to call it quits after mission 5 of campaign. its BORING. Its mindnumbingly generic, lacking any charisma that previous DOW titles had, and just outright plain.Yes. Warhammer 40k lore based game is plain.The graphics are pretty, and the animations are cool - but everything else is pretty mediocre.I would say, this is not a £40 title - wait until its on sale for £15 or so, or until some fixes/patches/DLCs are released that actually make this a decent game."
76561198004913329,Not Recommended,285190,31632231,Posted: 8 May,all,Happy Merc,I'm super SadI've been a long time fan of the dawn of awr series from one too two and I've been egarly looking foward too playing three. But this control scheme is terrible and the permant windowd with no 1920x1080 p option has forced me to refund the game I hope they patch this soon and I might come backwait until they fix these issues
76561198186019414,Not Recommended,285190,31493227,Posted: 1 May,all,Whorealis,"Wow! i have waited this game since soulstorm (dow 2 was kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥, and what a dissapointment this is... what a waste of time... why they just couldnt make the first one ""again"". like  with better graphics and and higher resolution... lots of bugs in the AI and in the GUI... If dow4 ever makes out, will not preorder that... really, i waited this more than my first son to be born... propably will not going to waste more time to this than playing the campaing..."
,Not Recommended,285190,31495574,Posted: 1 May,all,Mephasto,NO RETREAT BUTTON IN DAWN OF WAR GAME. WHAT THE F**K.
76561198024136508,Not Recommended,285190,34128836,Posted: 9 August,all,Sander_Koop,It's terrible. Why oh why can't you just create an updated version of Dawn Of War 1. That's the type of gameplay we want. Not this weird mix of DoW 1 & 2. The graphics in game are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥as well. I built myself a new rig to be able to play THIS game. What a waste of time & money.
,Not Recommended,285190,32206879,Posted: 5 June,all,Volairen,"I am very sad... Very sad that this game did not blow me away like Dawn of War 1 did. I have waited through years and years of Dawn of war 2 which IS NOT a sequal to Dawn of War 1. I waited so long and was so excited when this game was announced. I absolutely loved the teaser trailer. I also liked the official trailer. It presented the game in a way where it looked  just as action packed and bloody as DOW1 did. Nope i launch the game and i almost start yawning. I hate it when devs make the trailer look 3 times better than the actual game. instead I played an empty hollow game that couldnt even keep my interest paste the first 20 minutes. The only reason i even played it after the first day was because of my love for Dow1. But even that love could not get me to keep playing. After this sad release, I am almost about to boycott triple AAA titles (Triple A means games that cost 60 bucks and are ""Supposed"" to be top notch highly polished and bug free pfft) This game points to a deep sickness within the gaming community. It breaks my heart to give this game i hoped and longed for a bad review. **** you publishers...**** you...Rot and die in a fire... R.I.P. Dawn of War and Warhammer 40k...A game i loved since i was a teen..."
76561197986764551,Not Recommended,285190,32142672,Posted: 2 June,all,them apples,"This game was such a dissapointment. Relic got rid of everything that made Dawn of war games good. the only thing thats any good about this game is the visuals and animations.Ok so some details as to why I didn't like this game.1)As others have stated, the game is nothing at all like the other two dawn of war games. I found Dawn of war 1 to be the best, and Dawn of war 2 was decent - better in certain aspects but worse in others. Relic tends to experiment a little too much. Dawn of war 2 was better on the technical side but worse on the game play side as they got rid of base building and basically turned every battle into a skirmish which got repetitive. The units and strategies you could use with the units were good though, better than the original game as well as the graphical upgrade and the uniqueness of each army. As for dawn of war 3, it's actually a downgrade in every area - although the visuals are some of the best I have seen for an RTS.2)Strategy has been dumbed down. It's obvious to see from a marketing perspective they were trying to make Dawn of war more accessible.  The problem with this is that RTS fans are not a dumbed down crowd. People that play RTS are technical and strategy oriented people.  This is why the total war games still do well. Relic was good at this but from a money perspective they tried to create a game that any fool could play and be good at. Relic could easily be the king of RTS games but they seem to blow it time and time again.  Dawn of war 2 could have been amazing, but they settled on decent.3)The voice acting seems off. It's not very 40k or dark enough.4) Hardly any maps, and honestly not a lot of content. seems like a money grab. Total war Warhammer had a lot more content and gave you a lot more after as well for free. A much better Warhammer game."
76561198147685064,Not Recommended,285190,31913362,Posted: 22 May,all,Tanapoom,"DO NOT BUY THIS PEICE OF CRAP. the online server is already dead empty. i had to wait more than 45 minutes just to play a single multiplayer game. this would not be a problem for me since i dont like playing multiplayer that much anyways, but it seems like everything you do, the game is trying to funnel everything into online multiplayer. single player AI is wack as hell. uninstalling."
,Not Recommended,285190,32173780,Posted: 4 June,all,Angelusmortis,"It is now we perform our charge. In fealty of the God Emperor, our Undying Lord, and by the grace of the Golden Throne, I declare Exterminatus upon the Warhammer game, Dawn of War 3. I hearby sign the death warrant of an entire game, and consign this game to oblivion. May Imperial Justice account in all balance. The Emperor Protects."
,Not Recommended,285190,32112318,Posted: 1 June,all,Sargonas,DoW 1 & 2 are way better than this. DoW 3 multiplayer is a MOBA style gameplay. I pre-ordered this game because it love DoW but this one is not as good. stick with what is good when it comes to strategy games. If you wanted to do a MOBA make another title to it and dont ruin a good game.
76561198006989901,Not Recommended,285190,33352629,Posted: 7 July,all,cesarzapata321,Big let down.
,Not Recommended,285190,34455937,Posted: 24 August,all,Nipz,Its nothing like the previous 2 and probably the worst of the bunch.
76561197982497464,Not Recommended,285190,32117108,Posted: 1 June,all,msu716,If you like multi-player this may work for you.  If you like single player this game is a severe disappointment.  I'm going back to playing DOW:Soulstorm.  Still the best DOW game made.
,Not Recommended,285190,35140382,Posted: 22 September,all,xSilas43,"Compared to the previous games of the series especially DoW1, this game is a big let down. Many of the core aspects of the series have been removed. The race variety also all removed, this is like DoW for kids."
,Not Recommended,285190,31433174,Posted: 28 April,all,villevaino,The single player campaign is plain and boring. Do not buy this for single player experience.
,Not Recommended,285190,31432881,Posted: 28 April,all,Raithon,"*** this is a first impressions reveiw and i will update it if further patches come out to refine the game**This game is a hybrid game a hybrid of a moba and a RTS. This isnt neccisarrly a problem on paper but when implemented horribly it really kills the soul of this franchise and the game itself.Dawn of war 3 dose NOT mesh RTS and MOBA well. In fact it dose it horribly. I really dont get the way the skulls system works for single player. it basically shoehorns you into playing multiplayer if you want unlocks sooner(?).  The story so far has been all right. But the difficulty... dear god. WHY? I am playing eldar mission 1 and scout marine enemy units have 3x health. ON CASUAL benifit of the doubt given this has to be a glitch. But i am not so sure.Singleplayer tries to hard to be an extreme edgy difficult multi macro starcraft 2 esports simulator(albeit with a decently voiced narative) and not its own thing it already had as a franchise. I feel like the skeleton of a good dawn of war game is here. but balance issues , technical problems and grindy moba FTP elements (and the super speed level macro skill requirement on the LOWEST DIFFICULTY) really drag this game out and kill it. I have hope that a modding community will later fix the crap out of this game because it tries so hard to shoehorn you into playing multiplayer.As the game stands in its current state and price i cannot recomend it to anyone. get it on sale or wait for patches to come out.One final note:Tzeench must have been an Executive producer because i could see the design model to be ""Capture that sweet esports money while driving up model sales with your shiney new graphics and narative"""
,Not Recommended,285190,31420191,Posted: 28 April,all,Eazy,"I am a DOW fan so i tried to ignore what most the public was saying about this game and and bought it anyways becuase it is DOW it couldnt be that bad, now i realize why they were saying it.Not impressed with this game at all for the pricetag. A lot of the parts that made DOW franchise fun and customizable is not there. There are perks but the looting and finding items was a lot of fun which is not in DOW III. Tried to play (may not have put the time in it as many did) but got overly board with the game very fast.Pros:Listening to the Orcs bicker in the campaign was entertaining.That is all."
76561197963984853,Not Recommended,285190,31477630,Posted: 30 April,all,Artac,"Pros:-Visual graphics nice-Good sound effectsCons:-Very very limited unit choice-Only 3 races!? I'm betting we will have to pay more for the addition of more races.-Horrible Campaign dynamics-Limited upgrade options for units, Tactical Space Marine DO NOT roll around with a team of 5 plasma guns. No leader upgrades, come on guys.I've gotten my refund and I'm going back to DOW1: UA until they fix this AND drop the price."
76561198008632471,Not Recommended,285190,34334285,Posted: 18 August,all,Barackis,"Unfortunately, it breaks my heart to give this a NO vote... I cannot and will not recommend this title to anyone. Everyone else already has said it... they took away terrain cover, and everything is linear and pathed like a cheap moba ripoff... the beauty and intelligence of the DOW 1st series is gone. I still play that old game lol because even tho the graphics are a little dated... it has several races, dozens of maps and fun, competitive gameplay.Skip this one. Save yourself $60, $50... hell I could not recommend this game for $20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,285190,34784281,Posted: 6 September,all,SpAceAcE,"I jumped into DoW III not looking for a new strategy game, but looking for an entertaining warhammer story. My bar was not high. Having played this and having played other DoW games let me say this is probably not a game worth picking up.The campaign is disjointed. You jump around from race to race, hero to hero in a manner of story telling that can only be described as disjointed. Art/graphics are ok. Every single gameplay system is a downgrade from DoW 2. The COH/DoW2 engine that was so well recieved is unsermously scrapped and replaced with a system that is just a direct downgrade. The resource tickets system hamstrung base building making it an RTS that leaves you lacking things to do as you wait for resources. There is an increased focus on heros, but I would not call it a moba. It's just a bad RTS game that does a bad job of telling an OK story. It happens to be set in the Warhammer universe which gives it the tiny bit of playabillity that it does have today."
76561198011799100,Not Recommended,285190,34124766,Posted: 9 August,all,Thirdeye,Nope.
76561197991193167,Not Recommended,285190,34542617,Posted: 27 August,all,Babykiller,"Do not under any circumstances buy this game full price, I paid 50% and I still feel like it's over priced. I have no idea what they were thinking charging 70 dollars from an mobaThat said, if you like warhammer 40k it's not that bad. Just don't expect anything like an actual dawn of war game and don't pay much for it. I won't say that this game is garbage, but most comparable mobas are free to play, so it's just not economically competetive. It's not a bad game, but it's an moba with RTS elements. The last mission (sort of spoilers) doesn't even give you armies, just plays like the dawn of war 2 arena. Except that it's way easier.The game doesn't really do anything badly, it just tries to weld on rts, rpg, and moba elements, and while it doesn't do any of them terribly badly, it doesn't really bring them together well.Don't buy until it comes down to 30 dollars min, maybe more like 15."
,Not Recommended,285190,32584998,Posted: 19 June,all,Vendersquez,"Im more amazed at how bad this game is, rather than how good it isnt.It takes very little time (especially if you are familiar with DOW universe and previous titles) to see how depressingly shallow this game is.The first feeling is a gut punch of being ripped off and dissappointment that you will not be having a DOW experience of any merit.Everyone involved in DOW 3s creation should have been able to pull off a better showing for such a long awaited sequel.This game was made in the same vein as classic Command and Conquer, full stop, no caveats.This is Command and Conquer: warhammer 40k edition.My only saving grace is that i spent 90% of the cost via gift card, but that doesnt stop me from being sorely dissapointed in the result.And sixty dollars?As far as im concerned they are trying to recoup production expenses for the killer trailer that is literally the best part of this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31817827,Posted: 18 May,all,~StriX~,They gone ♥♥♥♥ed it up
,Not Recommended,285190,34199651,Posted: 12 August,all,Weirdlooking,"I was given the impression this was going to keep more elements from DOW 2 while still playing a bit like DOW 1.While that impression was decent they only brought over the bad features and forgot to bring the good features. So if you enjoyed the covered mechanic, it isnt really in the game any more. The campaign is dpressingly boring as you get dragged through what seems like a never ending tutorial. Which it almost seems like what the campaign was ment for. So that you could then go over to multiplayer and understand what is going on. except multiplayer's main game mode is compeltely different.I dont think i will be playing this game any further."
76561197989066447,Not Recommended,285190,32353966,Posted: 11 June,all,Chayba,Poor balancing quality of the game. Even after patching I just can't enjoy this game. will play DOW original or COH if I want to enjoy a game. This game was a huge dissapointment for me as I was looking forward to it for a long time.
76561198028135831,Not Recommended,285190,34591440,Posted: 29 August,all,Angry Monkey,"So... boring! Massive dissapointment :(I'm a massive fan of the 40k universe, but this entry in the series is just... MEH. It's trying to be an RTS + a MOBA + an RPG all at the same time, and it fails at all of them. I would say this is the Command & Conquer 4 of the DOW series. If any C&C fans reading this were unlucky enough to play that complete disaster you will understand how series this accusation is.The so-called ""return to base building"" is nothing more than a token effort. It's so minimal it's difficult to justify it's inclusion. There are only about 6 or so buildings per faction, and about 5 of them are common across all 3 armies (listening post, infantry building, upgrade building, vehicle building, HQ building). Base building in an RTS needs to matter, it needs to affect the outcome of the game. DOW3 doesn't care where you put things (other than turrets), so whats the point?The elites are annoying to use and just ""feel"" wrong, feel gimmicky. Not leaders of armies, just MOBA-like abilities which suit the characters themselves quite well from a lore perspective, but make no sense in the grander strategy of the faction you play. As a result, micromanaging them and their seemingly overpowered abilities takes you attention away from the non-elites. I used to play SC2 - that there is a game streamlined for micromanagement and rewards you for getting good at it. DOW3 just encourages the troops to be MOBA-like fodder while you wait for your elite skills to reset.There isn't really an RPG element other than the out of game levelling after matches. You get a number of lootboxes and you can win currency to unlock army doctrines and elites. Thing about this is: the game needs to be good for me to waste hours grinding currency to unlock all the things. If the game sucks, which it does, then I just don't care."
,Not Recommended,285190,31894356,Posted: 21 May,all,Vael,"Boring and lack-luster don't even begin to scratch the surface of this dismal failure of a game. After seeing multiple poor reviews, I decided to try it anyway out of loyalty to the fanchise. That loyalty has now been spent, and I've requested a refund.I'm going to go back to playing the previous Dawn of War games. At least they were entertaining, even if they're dated. It's amazing they spent this much time and effort developing a complete joke of a sequel."
76561197992022758,Recommended,285190,31616660,Posted: 7 May,all,MOTHER LOVER,"This game is awesome, it was exactly what I was looking for:All the best elements of Dawn I + all the best elements of Dawn IIIgnore this whole MOBA tanget, thats not the case at all... there are heroes like in Dawn II, but they can easily be felled by your regular troops.The micro can be intense, which is what I love and I really enjoy the diversity of strategies and tactics that you can deploy.  The customizability of your heroes, and your doctrines adds a lot of replay value.Highly recommend it."
76561197980995574,Not Recommended,285190,31452661,Posted: 29 April,all,WarbossGork,Played the campaign and didnt really enjoy it. Like I did with dawn of war 1+2This game felt more like a chore then a good game...
,Not Recommended,285190,31395494,Posted: 27 April,all,FatBot,"Badly managed launch, poor unpack times and constant graphics and processor issues. Almost unplayable on a ""Recommended"" system.The game itself isnt exactly overwhelming.- SP is linear and pretty average from what I've been able to get to, a real letdown from what we have previously seen (say DoW2) with very limited customisation.- MP is a joke and plays more like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of DotA and a tower defense rather than an actual RTS.After owning and loving all the DoW games, this has killed it.I went and got a refund."
76561197971863408,Not Recommended,285190,31776239,Posted: 15 May,all,Cegifer,Very dissapointed.
76561198070329037,Not Recommended,285190,32125036,Posted: 2 June,all,Rhubarbob,the game is a foul creature born of the warp to pervert the emperors light and disgust man. This abomination of a DOW title is pure heresy.steaming piles of dogshit arent usually rated out of ten so I wont start here.
76561198008291516,Not Recommended,285190,31781655,Posted: 15 May,all,morendill,"Awful :(definitely not a game about Warhammer, just a game with some warhammer skins and names.It is oversimplified, it looks awfully cartoonish. Elite skills, unit upgrades, units in general, it looks noone bothered to think and make some usique race specifics creating clone races with  different skins instead.I was so much disappointed in this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,34495653,Posted: 25 August,all,K.u.K Hate Machine,An undeniable disaster of spectacularly half-hearted attempts that simply insult the legacy of DoW 1. Don't expect to see anything good come from this unless Relic is willing to remake the entirety of the gameplay mechanics from the ground up and add all 9 original factions at some point.
76561198020799268,Not Recommended,285190,34825339,Posted: 8 September,all,soulreaver,"“Dawn of War III successfully takes the best elements from the previous two games and blends them with traditional RTS mechanics to create a game with deep strategic gameplay.”9/10 – Hardcore Gamerthis is ""bs"" as it is missing half of the content/replayability of the last one.. dow2 had a co op campaign and the last stand, which allowed for many hours of replayability and general fun.. great graphics.. but thats about it... if you want to play with a few mates and dont mind the graphics downgrade better off just getting dow2 and save the $$"
,Not Recommended,285190,34553988,Posted: 28 August,all,itscoopeinnit,"After playing Ultimate Apocalypes mod for Dawn of War 1, this just seems meh."
76561198161706857,Not Recommended,285190,31765396,Posted: 15 May,all,zeekiul,"This is first time i have ever placed a review, unfortunately this game seems unfinished and should barely be considered a full game. 3 factions With limited united choices and customisations. combat is flat and un interesting and hardly carries the weight of devastation that should be seen inline with the 40k universe it which it is set. Infact the whole experience feels like a slightly prettier if not completely stripped back and unfinished dawn of war 1. I can imagine in the future they will attempt to pry as much money as possible from your hands with new race dlc's, which should have been included in the game in the first place. I mean come on no chaos, dark eldar, tao, tyranids. Im still convinced they just got bored half way through development. Definite dont buy."
76561198049619942,Not Recommended,285190,31416601,Posted: 28 April,all,chengch91,A big disspointment as DOW was one of my faviourate . Not good a the previous DOWII retribution . No coop campaign evenmore the story is not even good at previous  tedious and there only 3 races ?! in this game . Eventually this games is not the DOW I was looking for . SADLY
76561198005057603,Not Recommended,285190,31630422,Posted: 8 May,all,Billy babkovrah Doyle,Nothing like DOW I & II.
,Not Recommended,285190,35254147,Posted: 27 September,all,Nyzzle,Why did I buy this game?
76561198028385225,Not Recommended,285190,32939174,Posted: 28 June,all,WernerShadow,"This game could have been so good but instead they keep heading further way from the roots and  more by accident than design manage to somewhat find those roots again with certain elements .This game needs lots of work to even be half the game the Original Dawn of war(DoW) game is.No cover system means fights end quickly and its more about who has more stuff rather than who planned better. No real base building and no 5 buildings don't count when it comes to this game where are the static defences? and what is up with this MOBA crap? that is why there are games like smite and LOL and whatever else you like i though i bought a strategy game i feel mislead with false advertising.They wanted a spectacle that's cute too bad most of is nothing more than hot air the ability's are mediocre at best on most of the ""elites"" (somehow a selling point?) most of elites are not even worth the effort you would be better off focusing on the normal unites as they will eliminate any elite in seconds because you always want more unites like i said the RTS part is mostly macro and the micro(elites) are not even worth the effort.In short it seems clear to me that the developers now have no love for this game or franchise at all and they have never even seen a table top game of warhammer much less played it.If you are an original fan of DoW don't bother you will be disappointed this game won't keep you coming back after the first few hours i would rather play DoW soulstorm and i still do."
,Not Recommended,285190,35192461,Posted: 24 September,all,mentor07825,"To all my friends who think about buying this game and see this review, don't. Don't buy it, it's awful."
,Not Recommended,285190,32394323,Posted: 13 June,all,Lemih,"Its an absolute disaster for me - the man who played DoW series since 2006. Im really dissapointed about what currently the game is. Even dow2 was a slap into faces of dow players. DoW3 repeated it. Its not a Dawn of War. You are misinformating consumers.MOBA-element - a pure venom for RTS. Heroes became a key things with smashing ults - so it denies army management. No matter how much time you spent on production and upgrading - supid idiot can blow up all with single skill.Turrets and powernode. Another ""strange"" innovation from MOBA to RTS, that only causes rage of RTS players. I dont enjoy all that moba crap after 5000 hours in Dota. But i have to deal with it even here. Take this crap away and back to DoW basics or rename it to Dawn of DOTA 3Another♥♥♥♥♥♥thing - generators on points. Its sad. All DoW1 system with resource management ♥♥♥♥ed up. Divide power generating and req income PLEASE. Let us build ♥♥♥♥ing generators on base and fight for Req points on the map. Not both. Interface doesnt even show me income in numbers ahahah great.Skills are unbalanced and more powerfull than weapons when in RTS weapons should be in favor.UNABLE to edit hotkeys. Just GTFO if you pretend to cybersport.Not enough grimdark for warhammer game. No executuions. w40k feeling is lost.TL DR just a cash grab game that speculated on DoW fans hopes. 1000 daily online after month of release. Epic fail of the year."
76561198045853504,Not Recommended,285190,31452684,Posted: 29 April,all,Handsome Dan,"This game might be alright if you've never played any of the previous installments, but as someone who has played DOW 1 & 2 + all xpacs, I have to say I found this game to be disappointing.First off, it's not a moba. The objectives in the map are moba inspired (power core / turrets), but the game plays absolutely nothing like dota/hots/lol/hon -nothing. Instead, this game plays as a very streamlined rts with very little unit customization. The turrets prevent people from rushing at the beginning, and that's really the only reason for their existance. To win you have to blow up the power core, which resides next to your hq building, so it's really no different than just a ""destroy the hq"" objective. However, it is the only game mode in the entire mutliplayer game. They said they'd add more in the future, but we'll see. Also, there's a very small selection of maps (like 8 total?), so it feels very bare bones right now.Here's what I don't like.1. The Graphics options are severely lacking. You have very few options to choose from, and from those options you're just given a ""low-med-high"" for the settings, or just a simple ""on / off"". The game also doesn't allow you to run it in a proper Fullscreen or Windowed mode; you're permanently stuck having it in a borderless windowed mode (which just auto scales to whatever your monitor resolution is, which isn’t always the best).The game looks alright, but it won't blow your socks off. I find a lot of the ""metal"" textures to look more like shiny plastic and the texture resolution is a bit rough when zoomed in, but should be fine zoomed out as you play the game. The animations are a bit simplistic, and for a game that boasts ""clarity in battle"", there's a lot of special particle, light, and explosion effects that can obscure the battlefield.2. No Keybindings. Apparently in this day of age it's ok to not let players bind their own keys. Meaning, if you want to use WASD to pan the camera around, you'll have to hold down Alt, otherwise you might accidently make your units use abilities by mistake since they use those same keys for their special actions. This could be remedied by given us custom keybindings, but instead you're stuck playing the game as is.3. Skull Progression System. In other DOW titles, if you wanted to play online, you would just pick a faction and go. In DOW 3, each race for multiplayer has most elites & all doctrines locked away behind a progression system. These doctrines make you objectively better than someone who doesn't have any, and considering you have to choose these things BEFORE the game even starts, what you pick or buy might not even be the best when used against your opponent.Each elite cost around 200 skulls, and each doctrine is about 50. You gain skulls by playing online matches and playing the campaign (no real money is used). You're given 500 at the start so it might not sound too bad, but if you consider that when you start playing online, you need to buy 3 doctrines right off the bat (the game starts you with a total of 0). You can't preview or test anything you buy, and all sales are final, so I'd recommend looking up stuff online before spending skulls so you don't waste any.The issue with this system is if I invest my skulls in space marines by buying elites and doctrines, then it makes it difficult to play as another race as I have to start at the very beginning all over again. If I switch to orcs, I'll have no doctrines, I'll only have the base elites, the elites aren't lvled, etc. So in reality it makes it tedious and difficult to try new things as you'll immediately be in an objective disadvantage if you want to try something new.I find this system to be annoying and unfriendly to anyone who wants to have fun playing and experimenting in multiplayer. It doesn't add any strategy, in fact, forcing you into pre-selected elites / doctrines actually limits you're choices while playing the game.4. The campaign is poorly designed. To be honest, it's really just a long tutorial for multiplayer. You play as all 3 factions in a disjointed story with linear levels with no interesting mechanics or progression systems. You don't conquer and hold territory as seen in DOW 1's darkcrusade or soulstorm, nor do you have any real attachment with your elites or units as nothing you do even carries over to the next mission.DOW 1 &2 had interesting systems in my opinion. In DOW 2, it allowed you to level up characters, equip them with gear, spend points in stats, change abilities, etc. It played a lot like a squad-based rpg. I enjoyed the sense of progression and growing these characters through each mission - it felt like I was actually doing something. And with DOW 1 soulstorm and dark crusade, conquering territores, fortifying them, and choosing new areas to attack also felt rewarding and fun. This game's campaign is neither of those things.5. Elites. DOW has always had hero units, so the idea of elites aren't new, but the implementation of them in this game is completely insane to me. I feel they have way too much presence in the fight, being able to completely annihilate squads within seconds (depending on who they are) is just aggravating to the player on the receiving end. I just find them way too strong.I want the main identity of my army to be the actually army, not just ""Elite and friends"". Your infantry feel very expendable as they can die in mere seconds if improperly engaged. And as far as I can tell, I can't find a ""hold ground"" stance or a ""retreat/return to base"" button, so controlling your units may be a bit more tedious than before.6. Cover system. I don't like the prefab bubble cover system. Basically, there are points in the map you can place your guys in and a bubble will spawn over them and protect them from ranged fire. That's it. That's the only place you'll find cover.And it's not even realy cover; it's just a forcefield. There are no trenches, walls, bunkers, pipes - nothing. You can't hide your men behind anything, you can't set up firing arcs for your heavy weapons. I enjoy terrain based cover similar to DOW 1&2 a lot more - I feel it adds a lot of imersion when playing the game, seeing them duck and gun down enemies. It just looks better to me.7. Finally the army painter. There's a lot of paint to choose from, which is great, but I was hoping for an actual innovation here. You're stuck with just 4 colors, and there is no different color patterns to choose from (such as quartered or half patterns for space marines).The reason I mention just the 4 colors is that in this game the space marines' body color is also tied to their gun color, which is factually wrong for chapters such as Dark Angels, Ultramarines, & Spacewolves. Also, you can't change their eye color, so all your spacemarines will have green eye lenses, which is also wrong for many chapters and limits customization.I want the patterns back, and I also want new patterns such as the crimson fists (where the head and hands share a color). I think you could add a lot of customization here to let people make a lot of cool stuff, but I find what they implemented to be very bare bones and actually has less features and options than its predecessors.You also can't color a lot of the Elite units, so even though you've deployed Dark Angels, you'll still be given Gabriel Angelos with his blood raven colors.As for the painter UI, it's a mess. It overlays the color options over the unit's you're trying to look at when painting, and if you try to scroll down the list of paint, you end up zooming out away from the model that you're trying to see. And lastly I can't find anyway to add in your own custom badges and banners so I guess that's gone too,All in all the game is OK as a standalone rts, but compared to the previous games I find it severely lacking in every aspect. I'd wait to buy it until it has a few expansions and is on sale."
,Not Recommended,285190,31422584,Posted: 28 April,all,Master Miller,"Bugs, crashes, no necrons,♥♥♥♥♥♥hotkeys you can't change, cant select squad without unselecting whole army, not enough management for RTS like dow1, too much for squad tactics like dow2. That's just pure ""meh"" experience"
,Not Recommended,285190,31535172,Posted: 3 May,all,H1dd3nDeath,"Will not recommend this game, Practically 4 maps and nothing ever feels new. this game should be max 30 dollars.. age of empires 1 has by far way more content than this, and thats not saying much."
76561198009840015,Not Recommended,285190,31453291,Posted: 29 April,all,BOT Carson,"This game, simply put, is the biggest disappointment of 2017. The game is a substandard RTS attempting to splice together elements of StarCraft with that of the original Dawn of War. Had this been successful, I doubt I would be writing this review but nonetheless, this game is a huge let down to anyone who has enjoyed Dawn of War one or two in the past, and is a mediocre to bad RTS without the 40k setting.I would only recommend this game if you are a die hard 40k fan, even under those circumstances it may not be enough."
76561198031830379,Not Recommended,285190,31468975,Posted: 30 April,all,vertex87_2,"I consider myself a reasonably tolerant person. I've endured complete trashes from time to time but instead of raging about them, I managed to keep my cool. Yes, I even resisted my urge to flip when SC, a great franchise, shot itself down to perhaps the greatest anti-finale in the history of modern gaming. But all it took to break my silence (I've never written any review before) was to play this new DoW.Just like many DoW fans I was led into this trap from the projected glory of its past series. I've waited eagerly since DoW III was first announced, been scrapping Youtube for new units intro, even bookmarked the official DoW III website. Naturally with great expectation comes greater risk for disappointment, but the word disappointment does not do justice to what I felt after boxes were unwrapped. In fact, I didn't even finish the campaign. This game tires you, not just physically but emotionally.To me this game is a definitive proof that the gaming industry has turned into a giant business machine operating to serve only themselves in the name of shareholder value. After all, it's not that difficult to milk the customers these days - with so few decent games out there, people hunger for something that genuinely excites them. All you need to do is strike some euphoria, flood the web with promotional videos, and put up seemingly relaxed schedule (this is a legitimate strategy, mind you) to build up hype. If the launch fails to meet expectation, meh, throw in some dlc. If that doesn't work out too, make a new game. In this way the business of making crappy game can sustain itself indefinitely, and may even pick up moderate profits along the way.If such trickery alone isn't enough to deter you from playing this game, there is a plenty that will. The reason I've decided to discuss them in detail here is that making the players aware of this farce is the least I can do to help the long-term future of this beloved franchise, and bring about a tiniest yet meaningful contribution to this industry in its painstaking decline. So here goes:-GameplayThe new DoW is little less than an amalgation of the factors that made the franchise shine in the past and supposedly ""innovative"" changes unique to this title. What results from this is that you get to play something that feels disturbingly similar to the game's predecessors but for the worse, and with newly introduced changes acting as nothing more than annoyances. Many people wrote about the sheer idiocy of the defensive cover system in their review, so I won't go into there.Take another example - tactical space marine. In the original DoW, they were the backbone of the Space marine force, with upgradable to serve in a various strategic situation. DoW III too adopts this system, but in a considerably dumbed-down way: flamer upgrade has now become a triggered ability, and you need to micro manage every single squad equipped with this upgrade to use it in battle, otherwise the squad will behave exactly same as the un-upgraded ones. This kind of gameplay design stupidity permeates the entire game. Melee infantry units of all 3 races are supposedly included to counter units entrenched in defensive covers (the weird circular things) but are almost useless due to low health. Resources requirement and tech progression were what I found most frustrating: almost at any point in game you will find your ""power"" resource lacking, and it is difficult to expand your power generation capacity due to only a limited number of resource points available around the map. The fact that you have to additionally build ""extractors"" for the resources will also annoy you greatly.You may argue in favour of this game that the issues stated above can be addressed if game parameters are tweaked properly. Yes, for some problems that may be so, but there are deeper issues that patches can't solve: there is simply no strategic diversity in the game, and no matter how the game is optimised, there is only a limited variation of gameplays you can experience. You have only 6 or 7 buildings in your entire race tech-tree. You have no static defensive turrets in Space marine and Eldar races, apart from listening posts that can be only built on resource points. The question of defending your positions then becomes entirely about where you place your units, and you almost always end up with some units standing idly at your base or resource points. More subtle features, such as Ork's ability to turn scraps into new things, contain deep design paradoxes that cannot be easiler addressed: if you leave it as it is, Ork is the most overpowered race. If you start to deter players from doing this by increasing its costs, then suddenly you have no reason to have this feature at all. Army and elite doctrines - macro level features you can select to personalise your gameplay - are just too counter-intuitive and complicated, and there isn't enough motivation for players to understand or study these features.-PlotI believe what made the DoW franchise so successful is the well-written plots constructed on interesting universe. I think each the past titles explored their respective themes quite well - for example, internal confusion and dilemma Space marines experience from tempting yet corruptive influences of chaos (DoW I, DoW II Chaos rising), and heroism against insurmountable odds (DoW II) were portrayed well and led us to develop vivid imagery of what Warhammer 40k universe looks like - you can easily imagine our dreadnaughts armed with assault guns mowing down the hordes of ork boyz, assault marines raining down from sky etc. Personally, I believe no other RTS games has excited me enough to feel part of the struggle that the characters we control face. The fight for your god-emperor in this brutal and uncertain world fraught with rivarly and betrayal - just how cool is that? I believe it is not an overstatement that such portrayal of the 40k world is what made the series unique. There have been games with better gameplay systems than DoW games.Well, you no longer have such world here in DoW III. It's just childish save-the-world-together-as-one kind of crap. Motivations of the factions and characters are superficial and unclear at best, with matters worsened by poorly-written dialogues. Trying not to spoil much, let's talk about our favourite hero, Gabriel Angelos. Through his appearances in the previous series we know he is a deeply troubled character with his own past shackling him. Through the challenges he overcome we witness resolve and loyalty, and become part of his struggle. For the most of DoW III campaign, Angelos appear passive decision maker whose role is to  clean up the mess made by someone else. Portrayal of evil he combats is extremely artificial, further diminishing his heroic character.When you play campaign, you will alternate between races as you progress the missions. This is mainly why there is no detailed portrayal of characters. The campaign is just chronological progression of events happened, and because you alternate between factions, you don't feel particularly engrossed with any of them. Suppose you want to play as space marine, but you are forced to play eldar. Just how annoying is that? Level designs also have nothing in special. With objectives such as occupy this area, move to this point and hold it for 5min etc. is all you get, and if you are not a tolerant person like me, I believe you won't last 5 missions before you erase this game from computer.-OtherThere is nothing wrong with graphics, so I won't comment anything about it. Sound is fine, with voice-acting okay. However, almost every aspect of gameplay design lets you down, and the features that you feel neutral about are either borrowed from the past title. Regardless of SP or MP, these design flaws will always prevent the players from experiencing anything other than warfare of linear, tiresome attrition."
76561198007075266,Not Recommended,285190,31643923,Posted: 9 May,all,TheDuke,Single Player Campaign was more like a tutorial for the multiplayer.I have no interested in the multiplayer only game.Requested a refund got rejected.
,Not Recommended,285190,31500076,Posted: 1 May,all,Cyrus40K,"Some very shallow perspective:1: Graphics worse than DOW2. And you can't pull the camera very near to the unit, which DOW2 can.2: Very dispointing level design. Main character is very easily to die in the first mission, which they give too many health bags in the early progress and nowhere to use but too few in the later progress that nowhere to find and kills your character very quickly. Totally a level design disaster. I'm a average experienced player and it just crush my faith again and again. All the played time now is repeating on the first mission try not to get the main character killed. Waste of time.3. Animations are worse than DOW2. It looks like someone from Blizzard takes the job of making DOW3 and ruins it the way they make StarCraft 2. It's just unbelieveable boring and looking ridiculurs.Additional reviews maybe added later after I finished the campaign. But currently I don't recommand anyone who's not a Warhammer 40K fan to buy this.Just don't buy it."
76561198045572096,Not Recommended,285190,31675978,Posted: 10 May,all,MasterRidley,"Worst RTS ive ever played, devs suck more than a black hole."
76561197994706046,Not Recommended,285190,31797656,Posted: 16 May,all,Gothic Purple Squirrel,I recomend playing DoW 1 or 2 instead. Far better experience. This one is a joke compared to them. A really expensive joke at our expense. Other reviews cover why honestly.
76561198007911460,Not Recommended,285190,31439491,Posted: 29 April,all,Hell_Gunner13,Refunded.  I'll wait for mods and deep discount release.
,Not Recommended,285190,34334977,Posted: 18 August,all,Studio-Fow | Celene,Lazy developers.
76561197992762405,Not Recommended,285190,31420107,Posted: 28 April,all,Darklight,"Dawn of war 3 was a real disappointment for me i thought it was going to be a combination of dawn of war 1 base building, with dawn of war 2 squad combat and cover system and after seeing the trailers i thought this looks great what could go wrong. well after playing i can see why a lot of people dislike this game as it literally shuns the older/ original fan base in favour of appealling to younger players with a moba/rts combination with the elite choses doing most of the damage while the rest of the troops are just their to either act as a meatshield or a distraction (i could understand this if was just against titan units since they are lords of war), not only that the base building feels like its been tacked on just so they can say dawn of war 3 is paying homege to dawn of war 1 as you bearly get any building at all, the troop choses are limited and do little outside their abilities, the voice acting is cringeworthy at times especially for the orks which to me, bearly even sound like orks in some cases, and the cover system that is in the game is appalling and is a real downgrade from dawn of war 2. all in all i got dawn of war 3 because i thought it was going to be an base building indepth rts with squad based combat and titans to top it all off, i refunded dawn of war 3 because i got a moba/rts combination with dumbed down mechanics, squishy limited units, tacked on and limited base building, awful voice acting(at times) and because frankly for me at least its boring with no indepth strategy."
,Not Recommended,285190,33662865,Posted: 19 July,all,Jarl Bolter,"A great looking, steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't even want to waste time writing a lengthy review."
76561198008750079,Not Recommended,285190,31407002,Posted: 27 April,all,punkismusic101,Sadly this game seems rushed. I really enjoyed DOW and DOW2 and own all their expansions. I played 1 mission and 1 multiplayer and can't figure out how this was released as $60 game. I am disappointed maybe with lots of patches and free DLC this could be a better game.
,Not Recommended,285190,31396568,Posted: 27 April,all,Sexy Vorta,".... Such a disappointment in everyway except there are Imperial Knights.I don't want to pay £39.99 for COH2 skins and a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that feels like a linear, basic campaign that is more of an intro to an almost equally streamlined multiplayer. No Last Stand carried over from DOW2: Retribution was a huge disappointment and clearly the devs didn't listen to their loyal fans about it. They will probably add Last Stand is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC where you have to pay a stupid amount for each faction character and even a greedy DLC blood pack! Seriously this is standard practice with Sega... what's next DOW4 you get basic game for £60 and have to pay a stupid amount for the gun sound effects pack, blood pack and even have to pay for the tutorials??Also i smelt overpriced greedy DLCs coming even before the game came out, now i definitely see it coming.... I could go into detail more about why this game is bad but, i am just so tired of devs releasing♥♥♥♥♥♥games and the games getting worse and worse after each sequal with ever more increasing evidence that they aren't listening to the fans... just look at how total war went after they got it perfect with Shogan 2 and then ♥♥♥♥ed it up with Rome 2...Update (after checking out COH2 skins):Oh ♥♥♥♥ing dear!!! .... The skins look worse than the pre-release pics! Not only do they look like a child made them but, the maker of the skins were so lazy that instead of taking the time to make sure the little details of the tanks such as coxial MGs and visible ammuniton were properly textured for what they are meant to look like (i.e. brass ammo in Ostwind autocannon loader), they just slam some gharsly poorly textured camo on it. Seriously i know it's COH2 but when i zoom in to see the 37.5mm ammo being loaded into the main gun... i don't want to see that each bullet is giz white and belongs in a PS1 game! Some of the tanks with open-top turrets have some realistic texture paints to them but most are jsut gizzed on with the prime colour of whatever the ski nyou have on. For example the U.S. Space Marines paint was gizzed all over the inside of the Jackson tank destroyers but the Stuart mortar carriage has more reasonable paint schemes. . Wehrmacht tanks are actually not giz covered inside including the Ostwind, which actually loosk quite nice. Still got some texture fails on parts of tank though."
76561197971288955,Recommended,285190,31410381,Posted: 28 April,all,[HKK] TheProphetOmega,"So I was a bit hesitant when the new DoW 3 was announced, I had my reserves and my sceptic hat on, until the beta that is, the MP aspect of it is as stunning and intense as the original DoW, there’s nothing missing, the never ending onslaught of units duking it out, the super weapons , and now with the Elite system in places, is really a sight to behold, this is another quality title from Relic, and I couldn’t be any happier.On the other hand, the rabid negative reviews are based off on someone’s moronic and narrow view regarding this game as a MOBA, which it is not, is as RTS as they come, the best of its class in years, ppl tend to forget that DoW 2 was also criticized for changing the mold a bit, so the same thing is happening, I found even more issues on DoW2 in its smaller scope than I do with this one, as you might already know, the MP objective is to destroy the power core, which in my opinion focuses down the gameplay mechanics into its purest form.The armies are huge, and the spectacle glorious, the Emperor has blessed this one, and as such the heretic hordes whimper and feel uneasy in its golden light.So if you are a real FAN of Warhammer and like your RTS intense and loved DoW1 , you will like this one.The gameplay changes are for the best, give it a chance, it won’t disappoint."
76561198027025199,Not Recommended,285190,33077560,Posted: 1 July,all,Malus131,"It's as boring as sitting on the toilet doing a long, uncomfortable♥♥♥♥♥♥with no reading material to take your mind off it. Hyperbole aside though, I played this for enough time to try and get a feel for it, and refunded the game because it was thoroughly un-likeable. This, to my mind, just doesn't FEEL like a Dawn of War game. Yes, it has the setting, but that's about it. It just doesn't grab me like previous installations did. There is absolutely nothing compelling me to carry on playing, nothing dragging me onwards.Basically if I were asked to sum this up in a few words, I'd personally choose bland, boring, tedious and ""meh"". This game is the definition of ""meh"". Such a shame."
76561197999370774,Not Recommended,285190,31403824,Posted: 27 April,all,Anthony[DG],This is the Cheese Pizza of RTS.
76561198006616188,Not Recommended,285190,31507258,Posted: 2 May,all,Wheels,"Gameplay is good, but i hate the interlocking campaign, which is one mission marine one mission eldar next mission ork, the campaign feels like a tututorial, plus cant pick different spots to attack like older verrsions, very disappointed wish i didnt buy it.  All the older versions are better"
76561198088862416,Not Recommended,285190,31455686,Posted: 29 April,all,Butter Bean,"I don't necessarily dislike DoW3 but I don't necessarily like it. Relic tried appeasing both DoW1 and DoW2 fans. As a result, they ended up appeasing very few.1. In DoW3, it feels as though the units are just fearless cannon fodder. When I get the warning they're being attacked, they've already been turned to soup. Returning what remains back to base to be reinforced is almost pointless because it would be more effective just to make a brand new squad. I understand Orks being squishy. But Space Marines? I'd expect them to be able to hold their ground for more than 5 seconds when outnumbered by a few Orks.2. In DoW1, I liked giving a squad a sergeant to increase their moral or giving them a flamer and plasma rifle. Now if I want both, I need to make 2 seperate squads. Arguably, it's better than having the guy with the flamer or plasma rifle die first and having to use up resources to give the next guy an upgrade. Speaking of moral, I find it funny watching an Eldar take a face full of flamer and just shrug it off until they melt. The pointy ear should be running for the hills in terror.3. In DoW3, I feel like there's an increased amount of micromanaging. While giving each squad an active ability is nice, it's extremely difficult to activate said abilities while attempting to dodge your enemies active abilities.4. In DoW3, when you highlight your army, be sure your builder unit isn't mixed in. I cannot tell you how many servitors I've sent to their graves.5. In DoW3, attacking the enemies base is pointless. The main objective is a giant floating energy ball...6. In DoW3, you cannot change your doctrines once the game starts. This is extremely annoying because you are not able to counter your opponent's strategy if you're losing. That being said, many players tend to leave as soon as they feel they are losing the fight.TLDR; DoW3 is OK. Just ok."
76561198004110972,Not Recommended,285190,31547180,Posted: 4 May,all,munceymonster,"I loved DoW 1 and 2, despite being quite different games.Having played a few hours of 3 it just didn't feel good. I went back and replayed 1&2, both of which hooked me instantly into a full replay and felt so much better.It's hard to put my finger on what seems bad. Theres defintely somebad design decisions.I hate the fixed camera, and that you have to reinforce at a base ut there's no retreat button. Either DoW1  'no retreat+ fwd redeployment' or DoWs2 'reinforce at base with retreat' work fine, but DOW  3's option just feels like boring make-wake.While just one example it seems to carry on throughout the game-decisions."
76561197970390474,Not Recommended,285190,31483251,Posted: 1 May,all,captaincoward,This is not Dawn of War.Very little Base building. So it is not like the first DoWMOBA-Style Fighting with no emphasis on cover. So it is not like the second Dow.Single-Player has the worst sin of all. There are missions with infinite enemy waves. Too much scripted events going on here.Go play the old Dawn of war titles and skip this one.
76561197973802205,Not Recommended,285190,31485901,Posted: 1 May,all,taubse,"Okay ... it was ""nice"". But it wanted it to be better.I wanted to wage war in sectors like Soulstorm or Dark Crusade or Winter Assault.I wanted to customice my heroes step by step and bring epic battle, step by step, until i have all the map with all its boni for myself.i DONT WANTED to play races i would never want to play. Hell ... you forced me to play Eldar?! I hated every single Mission!Give me, give us all, DoW 2 oder 1 back! Both were better, really really better then DoW 3.Okay... you have a Knight. Impressiv. And yeah, the sound of the WAAAGH! Towers is pretty nice too. But ... in truth? Thats it.Im a huge Warhammer Fan and this is not what i wanted. I dont wanted Starcraft!! Give me my DoW back you greedy Gitz!"
76561198029007220,Not Recommended,285190,31548588,Posted: 4 May,all,BLWK,"The gameplay is alright, the units are interesting but for a 40k fan it all comes of as shallow. The story line is predictable and not original at all. Neither is the characterbuilding. Mission objectives boil down to: ''destroy those buildings'' The upgrades for your elites are pretty much useles (especialy when you think back to part 2 when your units where ultra customizable).And there are simple not enough missions, each race gets 4 or 5 missions tops.. not at all the long and interesting campaign that i expected.In conclussion, the game is ok but that is about it.."
76561198040571466,Not Recommended,285190,31468635,Posted: 30 April,all,☢CAUTION!!☢,"DOW1? Much base building. wow. Much massing armies. wow. Much actual RTS elements? wow. OK, loving itDOW2? No base building. OK, w/e - suppression/tactical covers and slick killmoves made it an entirely different and enjoyable game that was still special.DOW3? Some sorry pathetic excuse of a Baron Ashura monster between a RTS and ♥♥♥♥ing MOBA crap . Alternating campaign missions between 3 races (what idiot came up with this idea that I'd want to play some other races even if it's for the sake of *cough*story progression?*cough*)...and holy hell; I've never come across Space Marine stats in a game that likened them to tofu that made them feel like Eldar guardians in DOW2.  Furthermore, removal of suppression/tactical covers and killmoves - WTH; why would you remove that huge improvement that everyone loved DOW2 for? And no Avatar of Khaine? WTF?Props for the unique Elite Unit customizations though.But don't get me started on those goddamn game crashes. GJ letting me down on something else this year, SEGA. Here's hoping this isnt the CnC4 Twilight to the Dawn of War series."
76561198007848794,Not Recommended,285190,31474838,Posted: 30 April,all,Bear77,"aftyer playing through the whole campaign I can say that if your a fan of Warhammer, the soulstorm or dark crusade releases. youa re likely to be very dissapointed.the art style has a childlike flair to it that really clashes with the Warhammer IP. This edition feels like a mashup from LOL and starcraft rather than the distinct releases from the past. I assume the dev team was worried about staying relevenat to the times.  After buying and playing just about every Relic game I can say Im a huge fan of thier work overall but I cant suggest this game to anyone who loves the franchise.  If your into a moba like cartoon art/animation where the campaign is a forced cycle through the races on really small maps then this game is for you.  If not  wait for the deal on steam or pass it for a modded dark crusade. I wont even comment on MP,  Sorry Relic I feel somehow really bad for writing this review :-("
,Not Recommended,285190,31446398,Posted: 29 April,all,Sgt Fill,I am disappoint. They dumbed the game down to the point of not being fun in the least. All the game constists of is micromanaging troops who will stand there and get killed unless you tell them to attack. If you liked DoW 1 or 2 dont get this game. If you like League of legends just go play that instead.EDIT: I played for less than an hour so I admit maybe I didnt give it a good enough chance but after finding out that refunds are a thing I got a refund.
76561197970986738,Not Recommended,285190,31446415,Posted: 29 April,all,nyec_2000,Not an enjoyable game.  AI has serious pathfinding issues.  Single player missions are boring and repetitive.  Elite units in multiplayer cause unbreakable standoffs that cannot be broken or push game times well past an hour and drain all the fun out of it.  Only plus is that it looks pretty.  Do yourself a favor and pick up the original DOW game of the year edition.
76561198047509895,Not Recommended,285190,31551418,Posted: 4 May,all,Chaplin Ryandros,"Very disappointing. Campaign is far too linear and jumps between the three (Only Three!) races. I am expecting they are going to release the missing races as DLC or leave this game as is, not sure which would be worse. Its really pushing the multiplayer aspect and has neglected the single player experience. Ill take a revamped DOW 1 and its expansions any day over this."
76561198007253031,Not Recommended,285190,31466067,Posted: 30 April,all,mmatlock01,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, Wait until its fully polished and released at 29.99, huge waste of money this is not a Triple A game at all... Read Below!I've been playing RTS games for nearly 21 years, this game is the biggest let down in RTS history for me. I hate the single mode there is right now. The building concept in this game is very lame almost no point in even having itDawn of war 1 did alot of great things, Dawn of War II did some things different and ended up being a more tactical RTS, it was fun and okay minus the hard pop cap restriction.I was really hoping thi sgame would take the best of both prior games and be something stellar. Well, the developers left the best features out from the previous games. No cover system, no real sense of tactical marines at all lol, more like meat shields while your heavies sit back.This game completely fails for me, its boring very cookie cutter, the FEW MAPS they did release with the game contribute to the boring factor it just feels like an empty shell to me. The sub factions are lame just paint schemes everybody who understands 40k knows Blood Angels are different then Ultra Marines and have their own unique units, so why aren't these sub factions different at all? I am a huge 40k fan but i regret buying this gamePerformance, I have an amazing machine and the game keeps rubber banding and lagging or it will just crash, I've played 10 solid matches and the game just doesn't have enough to keep me interested and has no real depth at all."
76561197970945858,Not Recommended,285190,31912052,Posted: 22 May,all,BigRich,"Its not often I review games but given my love for this franchise I felt obligated to leave a resounding ""Not Recommended"" for now.  At least until a couple of major updates drop.  As it stands now, I have had no technical issues with the game and for what it is, its not bad. Great voice acting, visually pleasing...   Its just not worth the AAA price tag.  It feels like a shell of a game compared to DoW 2.  The campaign was distracting after a time and really didn't inspire me to continue.  Multiplayer is where this game should shine and it definitely outshines the campaign but nothing new is brought to table and it feels lacking in almost every respect at the moment, especially when compared to DoW II.  My most disappointing purchase of the year thus far, sadly."
76561198007370392,Not Recommended,285190,31909461,Posted: 22 May,all,dark_john7,"I never wrote a review before now but felt I had to speak out on the big dissapointment this game was. I own all WH games since DOW and this one is very bad, especialy considering the very high price on release. The DOW story line felt like it was not properly followed through via the main characters as almost no references were made to their history nor were their personaly or attitude adhered to, let alone their tone/style of voice. The campain sucked frankly and made no sense when thinking of the type of actions the charcters should have taken in reference to the past titles. The line units are hard to effectively control and make little sense in their stats or abilities and are very limited in their uses and die really easily. Even the graphics disapointed as although stunning, felt worse than DOW 2 and its expantions and did not feel WH40 like. I replayed all DOW titles over and over and still do today, but don't see me playing DOW3 much now that I finished the campain. Relic you dissapoint! But again it feels like most WH games were dissapointment after DOW2 (spacehulk, battlefleet, deathwing, all disappointing to some degree)"
76561198007312526,Not Recommended,285190,31815902,Posted: 17 May,all,juniordoggie,"A waste of 59.99, Steam would not refund at 5.1 hrs, do not go over 2 hrs."
76561198006586971,Not Recommended,285190,33004147,Posted: 29 June,all,Sten,"Remember the fun of replaying levels in DOW2 to get better loot and more powerful weapons?  - GoneThe challenge of either doing side missions or just heading for the final showdown in a non-linear campaign?  - GoneLooking for the best way to approach and attack whilst in cover? - GoneDecide between range/melee skills levelups and balance for each hero?  - GoneSelecting hero units that nicely complement each other on particular levels? - GoneAfter DOW2 I thought it was a safe to assume I wouldn't regret paying full price for DOW3. I was wrong :(After easily completing the campaign on 'hard' (it's not hard), im back to playing Company of Heros 2 in order to get my RTS fix. DOW3 isn't terrible, it just isn't good enough."
76561198017188773,Not Recommended,285190,31951350,Posted: 25 May,all,Robineus,"Once again it's like the blood ravens are the only space marine chapter this universe has to offer, once again Gabriel motha fecking Angelos is there to save the day with his enormous hammer. You know which factions bore me to tears in Dawn of War? Space Marines, Eldar, Necron and Tyrannids, luckily you only put two of them in there and made me play them whether I wanted to or not.  Unluckily my favorite faction IG is nowhere to be seen.The last game I really liked was Soulstorm, with Tiberian wars an unnoficial mod it became something really special. That had at it's heart the feel of really epic battles with massed units even if it moved away from the traditional modeling of old school W40k.All these progressions seem to do is move away from what made the original Dawn of War a hit, large battles, a decent story line and a compelling reason to hit the next mission button.DoW 3 is quite frankly an unfulfilling boring experience where I don't even want to finish the Campaign. Give me the experience of saving an Imperial planet with my guardsmen and a line of Leman Russ with updated graphics in short give me Soulstorm 2 instead of trying to reimagine this game and screwing it up consistently. And for the last time stop using only Blood Ravens they are not some beloved chapter that everyone wants to see every single game."
76561197993241885,Not Recommended,285190,32211474,Posted: 5 June,all,pfsaba,"I gave it a few hours and couldn't get into it. The level of polish I saw in the old games just isn't there. It feels like a rushed pay to play game without being pay to play - at least not in the usual way. Not sure how they pulled that off but they did.If you want a diet rts for quick skirmishes, you might like it."
,Not Recommended,285190,32754666,Posted: 24 June,all,ImperialChaplin,"The only thing it stays true to from the dawn of war series is the story line and even then its a little ehh. The game play is rather boring, heros can just 1 shot your army if given the chance, some heros just plane suck, and there is only one mode of game play but now they are adding something that should have been from the start. Peronsoanly wouldn't bother downloading this game again because it felt like a smack to the face. I loved play the dawn of war games from my childhood and I still play them and I was excited for dawn of war three. It was going to continue the great triligy that I grew up with..then the game play...the style...the graphics...the removal of sync kills. It was a huge let down. It doesnt even deserve to call it self dawn of war, its a insult that this♥♥♥♥♥♥games compairs it self to something so great and fun. This is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561197976645901,Not Recommended,285190,31415828,Posted: 28 April,all,My Big Fat Arse,"Easily the weakest of the Dawn of War series, DOW 3 combines random elements from the previous two games and a clearly reduced budget into a mediocre product that appeals to nobody. The graphics, sound design and level design fall short of its predecessors. The inclusion of MOBA elements was neither asked for nor well implemented. Key gameplay mechanics from the series that were both fun and innovative have been discarded, no more cover system, moral or suppression, units are just lifeless fodder that attack until they die. Also gone are special attacks, sync kills, decent squad customization and a reason to buy this game over the previous two. If you like base building buy dawn of war 1. Want an amazing multiplayer experience? Dawn of war 2: retribution. Want to play warcraft 3 with better graphics? Then maybe give Dawn of war 3 a try, but only when it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,285190,31397784,Posted: 27 April,all,SieGe,My adventure to refunding this game-Starts game-Watches intro-Thinks intro is♥♥♥♥♥♥and thinks the first Dawn of war intro ♥♥♥♥♥ on this one-logs into relic account crap-Goes to settings-Sets all graphic settings to max-Checks army painter-Gets dispointed on how basic it is-Goes to test out skirmish-Only 8 maps-Picks 3 v 3 skirmish-Loads game-Thinks it doesnt look too bad-Building look like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Sends basic eldar infantry to enemy base hoping to find enemy infantry-Finds space marine infantry-Enagages-Weapon effects look♥♥♥♥♥♥-Space marines come into melee range-Melee fighting starts happening-THEY ALL START AIR PUNCHING EACH OTHER!!! WTFFF-My guys die to air punches some how-AI's are having a big fight which looks very uninteresting-Exits game-Uninstalls game-RefundsOnly took a couple mins of gameplay to realize this was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000004585,Not Recommended,285190,31745724,Posted: 14 May,all,Ryback,"If you've played the previous installments of the DOW games you, like me, will probably feel disappointed. First off, the graphics. I own a 1 1/2 year old alienware gaming pc and I can easily run games like Doom and Fallout 4 on max settings. Even on max settings the graphics in DOW 3 are poor. The backgrounds are pretty good, but the units and unit animations/explosions etc look like something from the first red alert game.The story and missions. If you want to play as orks, then you're in luck, because the way this game is set up, you will play as space marines for one mission then eldar for one mission then orks then eldar again then orks again etc etc. Now let me tell you, I f***ing hate orks, so when a game forces me to play as them for a good 50% of the missions, I get pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And on the topic of missions, they're so boring. You'll play a mission where you have to get a couple of space marine characters from one point of the map to another without getting killed and without backup. The next mission....the same as the last one only with eldar etc etcThe units and base building. Units are pretty much the same as you had in the vastly superior DOW 2. You have your standard units then elite units then hero units. Don't be deceived into thinking that the introduction of larger units like the wraith knight mean that gameplay will be enhanced....it won't be, trust me.In short I found this game to be boring and repetitive, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,285190,31544423,Posted: 4 May,all,Kenjara,"A missed opportunity to right the wrong of everything since the original Dawn of War game.When I heard that base building was coming back it peaked my intrest and I thought we would be getting something more like the original.This is more like a game with multiple personality disorder. It does not know if it wants to be an RTS, MOBA or RPG and it excels in none of these areas.You can see with all of the elite and doctrine unlocks the game will be stuffed with microtransactions in no time just like Company of Heroes 2.Also like COH 2 there is too much focus on competitive multiplayer with the difference being even that is not good.Hard Skirmish AI is terrible, its like playing someone whos AFK half of the time.The only saving grace is the the campaign is ok.At least Company of Heroes 2 started with promise, this seems doomed from the beginning.UPDATEFurther experiances upon playing through campaign.Come across a few game breaking bugs which forced missions to be restarted.Game completion achivements did not unlock.There are some serious UI scaling issues, especially on the profile page. For some reason the game also only runs in borderless fullscreen mode with no option to change it."
76561198006528293,Not Recommended,285190,31692967,Posted: 11 May,all,Damo Von Vinland,"I loved DoW 1 & 2 eventhough they were vastly different.  I am straight up not enjoying DoW 3, I am honestly finding it hard to believe that the same Relic team made this game.  I don't need to waste any more time with this to realize it is not the game I wanted and/or expected.  It is also isn't the game the community asked for."
76561198031359819,Not Recommended,285190,31636404,Posted: 8 May,all,NickSuccorso,"I have always been a huge fan of Relic games. It  saddens me to have to leave this review: DOW3 does not in anyway shape or form feel like a sequel to DOW2 or COH2. The vast majority of gameplay mechanics have been removed.No cover systemNo occupying buildingsNo wargear systemNo terrain/tacticsDOW3 is a throwback to early age of empires games where you massed a large ball of units together and just snowballed them to victory. The only clear addition are the elite units, that mechanic was enjoyable.In summary: If you are looking for an Age of Empires III clone with warhammer 40k skins, this game is for you. If you loved DOW2 and COH2, do not buy.So again, if you missed it. This game is shovelware that Relic put no thought or effort into."
76561198022995594,Not Recommended,285190,31704036,Posted: 12 May,all,Super Toast,basic units arent wroth your time as they die as soon as they come out. Single player towards the end the ai units just stop taking dmg removing the rts playstyle to more of a beat your heros vs them let them die then do it again. multiplayer is a few cheese builds that 1v1 at least end in like 5 mins
76561198038414608,Not Recommended,285190,31741633,Posted: 14 May,all,FLVS,Huge let down.
76561198143751960,Not Recommended,285190,32200031,Posted: 5 June,all,ls27678,absalute crap! if i had bought it from the shop it would be going back!
,Not Recommended,285190,31442184,Posted: 29 April,all,ScopelessOne,The game does not live up to the previus 2 games in the series. The game is very limeting with the loadout system and escelation system.There are things in the game that bothers me as a 40k fan like Gabriel Angelos making a flip in the air with his hammer and the general look of the turrets of in the base.Would not recommend at full price.
76561197972486707,Not Recommended,285190,31491058,Posted: 1 May,all,Jay,"DOW1 had pretty cool base-building and awesome random finishing moves, like the Dreadnought picking enemies up and crushing them with his claw. DOW2 had very memorable characters and an interesting cover mechanic, and the campaign in co-op was a lot of fun.DOW3 is just grind-y and MOBA-esque. Fights are also really boring to look at, and I dont know why they kept the reinforcement mechanic from COH but there's no way to quickly retreat your troops back to base. Not recommending the game in its current state :("
76561198006979393,Not Recommended,285190,31822427,Posted: 18 May,all,richt5302,"Removes the good RTS elements of DoW 1, completely scraps the customisable RPG elements and wargear of DoW 2, and then forces a linear campaign, with no choice of missions and even worse, you have to play as all 3 races! I understand that some people like this, but if there is a choice like in the previous games then you can play as 1, 2 or all races. if you choose. in this you are have no option but to flip flop between Space Marines, Eldar, and Orks.This is a shame, i loved the other versions of this game, although they seemed more like different genre rather than sequels but they were still good. this one loses all of that though. i got bored after 5 or 6 missions.I dont usually write a review, but felt so dissappointed in this game that i thought i should incase it helps others to choose."
76561198074093311,Not Recommended,285190,31546105,Posted: 4 May,all,Plato,"Thanks for making a game with a lazy campagin. Not worth $60. You couldn't even do some damn cutscenes?? Like you got an awesome gory universe to show off and you give us concept art. Thanks... (I'm only frustrated cause the opening cutscene is amazing and blows my mind. GUESS WE ONLY NEEDED THAT TO SELL COPIES, HUH GUYS!? Its linear, its boring, its disappointing, its lazy, each mission is a grindfest (Oh wait, I think we got one Eldar Stealth mission out of those stupid 16 missions, Yeah, 16 and I'm not gonna count the final boss battle that was bugged when I played, so I actually couldn't beat it...) Thats its brah. What a joke. Like ugh, that is scummy. Also, whats the fricken point of having interchangable Elites when you dont ever let us choose? This game was built for it's multiplayer which seems idiotic considering just how limited that experience is.it's disappointing that the team behind the game could not manage to code more multiplayer modes. It might have helped them excuse the shallow campaign with an argument for strong multiplayer, but that is certainly not the case. You get one mode. A MOBA style versus mode, which would be fine, IF IT WASNT THE ONLY MODE YOU COULD PLAY! King of the hill is missing, FFA, 2v2v2v2, attack and defend, and I could list a number of missed oppertunities. You get one mode. Ugh, who was in charge of this thing and how do I get them fired? It just seems like an experienced dev would at least have some idea of the standards required of a AAA title. Maybe I made a mistake and picked up the $60 demo version of the full game???Wtf, cover system was amazing in DOW II. I had never played that before and I enjoyed the tactical aspect of it. Now we have a lovely bunker mechanic serving as the only sort of tactical positioning mechanic. (It's lame.) There is little thought to go into positioning as long as you're spamming your troop abilities. It ultimately limits a players ability to find an advantage over their enemy. As a result multiplayer games are decided quickly with almost no changing tides of war. There's just no way to come back if you lose the first few skirmishes.The game feels rushed and like a damn cash grab. It's incredibly frustrating as I love the series.Everything about the game is pretty shallow. The only thing they nailed was the WAAAARGH tower mechanic. If the whole game was like that one mechanic It'd be dope.Not worth the money at all. It's a huge bummer, because I really enjoyed both DOW I and DOW II.I wish I had only played 2 hours so I could refund this, as these developer dont deserve my money, but I had high hopes and gave it a shot.That being said, I had to write this review because I don't feel like I got my money's worth with this game. Do yourself a favor and just play the other two games because this game is a glorifed demo.Extremely disappointed that the Warhammer 40,000 universe is taking a total dive in recent year. Like damn, I'll stick to the models from now on.Edit: Thank god for mods, but damn, shouldnt the developer make the game?? Lazy and Cheap come to mind here."
76561198006755104,Not Recommended,285190,34377679,Posted: 20 August,all,stephenwhiterod,"Dissapointed by this game, if I had realised that you have to play all three factions in the campaign I would not have bought it, also for a game that was released this year the graphics are not great IMO. For a game this expensive they make no effort in the storytelling, no decent cutscenes between missions just voiceovers. Played quite a few WH40k games over the years and this is the most dissapointing for me."
76561198058685385,Not Recommended,285190,33612185,Posted: 17 July,all,Jajo,"I CANNOT bring myself to play this game anymore than I have. Singleplayer is just 'meh' and nothing to keep me going. I am a huge fan of the original Warhammer 40k Dawn of War series but this just leaves a bad taste in my mouth, knowing how much I spent on this make it worse.Now multiplayer can be fun but, also after a while becomes monotonous. Serious lack of maps to choose from*, and every single one of the them will become a meat grind.Army painter has probably given me the most fun so far.Looking forward to new content and no, 3 skins don't count. You can put a suit on crap, but underneath it's still crap.*Thank goodness for modders."
76561198036668645,Not Recommended,285190,31748077,Posted: 14 May,all,maddogphil696,"You know it is bad when you can not even bring your self to play a new game after the first 2 single player missions, it is boring with no tactics and the single player campaign is a simple long boring extended tutorial.As for multiplayer. I dont care about it and will never play it so i have no idea wheather it is any good.So overall if you liked ether of the previus games and are interested in single player realy dont bother and save your money, it is total rubish"
,Recommended,285190,31470428,Posted: 30 April,all,Elrik84,"I am a big fan of the 40K universe, and the games are almost a staple on my channel. This was an anticipated title to get my hands on, and I was amazed at the introductory cutscene (My eyes got a little moist and I had goose-bumps after it). A little later, I realised that this was the exactly the same video I've seen on YouTube a while back as a trailer for the game (That's very lazy guys). Let's get down to it. I have only played the campaign so far, and haven't felt any need to check the multiplayer due to there being quite few maps.Pros:- The graphics are quite nice, even if there's no kill-sync to speak about (this goes both for gameplay and cutscenes).- Great music- The Orks are interesting in this game, and have as they should, funny dialog!- The Army Painter. This is a great feature in the game, Like previous games, you can customize the paint scheme of your own army and there are plenty of pre-made ones (Blood Angels, Dark Angels, Ulthwé, Goffs etc).- And finally; doctrines! This was a great idea, customising your army with several doctrines both based on your Elites and your own choices. I used them to gain as much advantage as I could, ingame. They seem to have based it off of Company of Heroes II, but with less bs things like ""+4% damage"" etc. These are more like abilities, both active and passive, to give you an extra edge in combat.Cons:- The cutscenes! As I wrote, the intro was fantastic and amazing! But they didn't keep that up. It felt as if they were making an homage to DoWI but it fell flat. Don't get me wrong, they were beautiful. But after seeing full motion cutscene that looked realistic at the start, you kind of expect it to continue. Instead, they were a little cartoony and cut by cut scenes.- Voice actors. I'm one of those that had wished to see the return of previous cast but I have to say fairly that most did a good job. It's just that the Orks, to me, sounded too off. Gone were the football hooligan style of speach, to be exchanged for some English sounding, lower class speak. The Marines weren't gritty enough, in my opinion (Steve Blum, where are you? I miss you man!)- The Campaign. The length was okay, counting 18 missions (counting the introductory mission) in all. Here's the problem; the campaign was linear, no opportunity to choose which faction to play or mission/side missions to play (I'm thinking of DoWII right now). And due to that, there's only one ending (at least the fans won't have to debate which ending is canon this time!). You can't customize your wargear, or which Elites to use (unless you've spent a lot of Skulls to unlock new ones, not sure if that even works).- The Ending (Might include a spoiler!). Don't want to give any spoilers, but the ending was not interesting. Everything is status quo again, as if nothing has happened. The lore hasn't been moved forward at all. A miniscule cutscene, end credits and a little teaser saying: ""Hey, here's another faction coming soon. Give us your money!""- Several bugs are still around. There were animation bugs showing up now and again. And there are bugs concerning units getting stuck in walls (AoE pushed them ""off the map"" and they couldn't return), units blocking each other, abilities being blocked or stopped in middle of use (no effect, but you get the looong cooldown). Hopefully, these will be fixed in the near future.- There seems to be some balancing problem between units. Some units tear through others like tissue paper, others do nothing. I've had a Meganob squad walk through and slaughter 5 squads of howling banshees, 1 Elite unit and 4 Dire Avenger squads before I could resupply and put them down.- Unit AI is rather stupid, but I believe that's a common problem in RTS games. They attack everything instead of the direct threat shooting at them, run into obvious environmental hazards that kill them instead of avoiding them, piling up and getting stuck behind each other and so on.Conclusion:This feels a bit like a poor try to unite Dow 1 and 2 together. There are some potential in the game, but it still needs to be polished properly. There are some neat features, and some not so neat. I wouldn't say that it was worth the full price, but it might be worth checking up and getting when it's on sale/the price has been lowered. Or when there are some expansions out.I still recommend this game due to the music, graphics and the pure joy of playing Orks and the Orkiness happening (and don't forget Gorka- and Morkanauts! (Oddly enough, I'm normally a Space Marine player)."
76561198052350711,Not Recommended,285190,31710534,Posted: 12 May,all,Frampton,Get ready to beat your face on your keyboard. Pain steakingly micro and use abilities to only have yout whole army wiped by a super ability.... again and again and again. Units are super fragile compare to elite units making cambat after the first 10 minutes of a match very boring. DOW 2 was a much better.
76561198052390896,Not Recommended,285190,31613636,Posted: 7 May,all,romanova_48,"i was on the fence about buying this game to begin with cause of all the bad reviews, but decided to give it a go anyways and... ya kinda regretting that, this is NOT a finished game. its definitly not worth $60 dollars as it sits RIGHT NOW, its a 30-40 dollar game max. if you are on the fence like i was id say wait. my issues are theres only 3 races to play at the moment, only 8 maps to play on... and the coloring and textures of units are awful. kinda reminds me of blizzard art style but worse, wheres the the cool gritty textures of DoW? why go for this cartoony art? i do actually enjoy the game, and have no issues with the MOBA like elements, but as the game sits right now i cannot recommend it for the above reasons. :("
76561198005409010,Not Recommended,285190,31865132,Posted: 20 May,all,Tarquin814,"It's hard to write a review that is fair.  I desperately wanted to like this game, but bottom line is that it is not enjoyable for me.The bigget frustration I have is all non-elite infantry units are extemely fragile, regardless of faction. The story is uninsipred, campaign missions have waves of enemies and you are unable to reinforce your squishy squads because half of the missions do not have a base.  The ""tactics"" consist of micro-managing elites.  Not even a SC2 rock-paper-scissors approach.Oh and the final mission?  A new exercise in tedium.Maybe other people will enjoy it, but it's just not for me.  I'll go back to modded DOW SS UA.  Ya'll have fun."
,Not Recommended,285190,31827554,Posted: 18 May,all,shroudripper,"9/10? 4 out of 5 stars. This is a clear example that videogame reviews have an agenda.The game is a complete dissapointment if you're a Dawn of War fan, everything has been stripped down to the bones. Forget the loot, equipping your characters, micro management and everything that made the series great.I don't even think that the game will work for new fans, as the gameplay mechanics are at most mediocre.Trying to push League of Legends gameplay into this game, should be one of the worst ideas this generation.Just another game made for the new age generation, by developers that think that the average gamer is a stupid idiot with no skills.Just stay away."
,Not Recommended,285190,31831348,Posted: 18 May,all,midst_thieves,"Not worth it , worst Pre order i have ever done.The single player is dead ( not fun at all , it feels like trainging campaign )The online multi player is dead ( hard to get a 3v3 , elders are OP ... etc)No update can fix this game sadly but oh well ... Down of war 4 will fix it right ? right ??"
,Not Recommended,285190,32064694,Posted: 30 May,all,Monky of Space,"Was super stoked, now im super disapointed.  Havent played all that much, so there is always a chance im missing the big hook to get me addicted.  Realistically though they killed all my favorite mechanics like the dynamic battlefield cover and strategic campaign map, and played up some of my less favorite like the hero character's ability to command an entire battle by negating enemy fire and wading through hordes of troops.  With each iteration this game becomes less of a strategy game set in the 40k universe and more of a RPG/Strategy hybrid that does neither very well."
,Not Recommended,285190,32804332,Posted: 26 June,all,MIKE NOLAN,"Graphics - Mediocre for a $60 gameGame Play - Is okay standard for a RTS game, Commands are abit delayedContent - As a Warhammer 40k player typical Orks and Space marines + Eldar, May as well get EA to publish because every other faction/dlc will add up to be more than the game itself,Is it fun? yeah but i not the best game for 60 bucks i can think of many games you can get for that price and have more fun.not worth the price tag but then again didnt expect much from GamesWorkshop.. they charge more than jewlers for plastic/games"
76561198257920482,Not Recommended,285190,33331205,Posted: 6 July,all,Malakarz,this one is a turd.
76561197965474709,Not Recommended,285190,31699638,Posted: 12 May,all,Some Bloke,"Dear Relic,Please stop making this title worse each version you bring out. I will keep it in hope you or a modder out there is capable of fixing it.Your Loyal sucker customer..."
76561198039097627,Not Recommended,285190,31423379,Posted: 28 April,all,Shining Trapezohedron,"Played DoW games since winter assult. I dont mind the developers bringing new ideas into the game such as moba elements. However, my opinion on this game is that, in its current state it feels unfinished. AIs having difficulty finding paths, units do not return fire when attacked  and various bugs made the gameplay very unenjoyable. On top of that, the campaign lacks hero weapon and ability customization/upgrade which, if I remember correctly exsits since dark crusade. Furthermore, it seems that in multiplayer mode, basic units and unupgraded vehicles die way to fast in late game from hero units and heroic abilities, and due to the lack of retreat button from Dow2 as well as how slow units move in this game in general. Hero skill shots and similar aoe attack can rarely be avoided. Therefore army from both sides usually wipe in about 20 seconds in late game and you are left with basically elite units from both sides.Overall quite disappointed"
,Not Recommended,285190,31429441,Posted: 28 April,all,Devir,"I want to like this game. I really do. DOW 2 left a sweet memory, the most amazing Warhammer 40k RTS game ever made. But then there were the endless DOW 2 ""addons"" that murdered that good name. I should have known.I fear Relic is on the verge of bankruptcy. The only cinematic they have is the intro. Everything else is that ""low budget"" Indie game style narrated slideshow.And exactly what others are saying, this plays like League of Legends MOBA. But instead of one character, you control and infinitely dying group of squads that serve little purpose except as damage absorbant.Also there's no quick save, nor are there any ""Save slots"". You have to ""escape"" out to the main menu fumble for the Save game option and then type in a save name. I'm not sure if they outsourced the GUI design to India, but it's a huge mess and nearly impossible to figure out. I bought an ""elite"" with skull coins once, but can't again for the life of me find that option again. It's THAT BAD."
,Not Recommended,285190,31403318,Posted: 27 April,all,Tragon,"Better go back to DoW 1 or 2.This is a MOBA/RTS mix that does not work.Your elite are your heroes and normal ""line"" units are fodder with no weight behind them.DoW is better rts, DoW 2 is the better hero based game.No need for this one."
76561197981166390,Not Recommended,285190,31530643,Posted: 3 May,all,Eastwood,"Game is bang average. Not bad, not excellent. I was wanting excellent. The down points are that its graphically poor, more cartoon like in appearance than other versions. The campaign feature doesnt let you choose a faction, so you are forced to play with all three of the factions, taking turns, mission after mission with each. Obviously no one considered that not everybody would like to do this. The option of  solely playing a space marine campaign or an ork campaign has been taken away from the user. Theres nothing new or groundbreaking in this latest edition of Dawn of War compared to that of other Dawn of War releases, its much the same with slight variances. I was expecting a blockbuster, something that had evovled and improved from previous releases. This is just the same. Average. Slightly worse in some departments. Not worth the £40, thats for sure. If youre a fan, take a punt when its on special offer. It begs the question, why did we wait so long for another Dawn of War release, for it to be such a let down? so average?"
76561197993491449,Not Recommended,285190,31543614,Posted: 4 May,all,Zafeer,"I was disappointed by this game right out of the gate.  The units look the same as DOW1 with higher resolution textures.  Base building is very limited and the buildings look bland.  Space marines have especially boring structures.  Most are doughnut shaped and troops emerge from the center.  Really?  No gothic architecture?The next disappointment was in game currency to unlock elite units.  Now you have to make your heroes do all the work so they can gain experience, so they can level, so you can unlock skulls to buy more units.  This makes for a very linear and boring campaign mode.  The story is also lame.  It boils down to ""We need to get the thing first"".Well ok most RTS games are all about multiplayer.  Not this one however.  The maps are small.  Both resources are addons to capture points of which there are very few.  Resources generate very slowly even with multiple capture points so no large armies clashing.  Multiplayer matches seem to be a waiting game for the hero resource (very very slowly generating over time) then throw everything at a capture point to gain a slight edge over your opponent.Not much strategy.  Tanks an titan units can be cut down pretty easily and so far all infantry are throw away fodder.  Buildings can be placed nearly anywhere and can heal heroes and replenish lost squad members.  Just rubber stamp the same building as you make your way across the map.Where you start the match is where your main base is going to stay to defend your power core.  To win you need to destroy your enemy's power core.  To attack your enemies power core you need to destroy their shield generator(s).  Get ready to throw away lots of units to accomplish this if your opponent is half way competent.  The shield generator fires a beam that literally melts everything in it's path and range.I'm not sure what the developers were trying to do with this game.  What they ended up with is a mash of DOW 1 and 2 that doesn't live up to either game.  Bare bones is the best description.  Maybe it will all get fixed in the next 12 DLC packs that will be rammed into the next couple of years."
76561197986504665,Not Recommended,285190,31612317,Posted: 7 May,all,Nerdragefitness,"First of all, I have some hours into the game and I only have that because I was streaming it and people wanted to see it.Im not sure how to explain the feeling of this game so it makes sense, because the graphics are amazing, the animations and effect are a wonder to look at.What really got to me was how unfun all the super cool units are, unless its one of the larger scale walkers like the Wraith (Knights, Gorkanauts or Imperial knight.) or one of the heros every single unit feels utterly useless, like you're flinging wet pieces of paper against eacheach in the hopes to seize control of the battlefield.The giant units and heros are armies in themselves and make everything else mere flimsy background, which is a shame when you've put some resources and assembly into the rest of your army.I got pretty decent at starcraft 2 and I do not like the input lag that is build into the game, in SC2 everything you do happens instantanously and microing your things feel like a joy.Here the mega units require a lot of micro'ing aswell but with the build in input lag it becomes a chore to the extreme.Think Street Fighter controls where everything happens straight away versus Tekken where everything happens half a second after.Maybe its a choice they did and wanted it like that but I did not like the feeling of wrestling the controls scheme to make my wet paper men fling themselves at other useless wet paper men that I can only imagine as a bunch of cosplayers trying to duke it out in the rain outside a convention when no one has had any training what so ever in the art of fisticuffs. Slow with an impending feeling of sadness and futility.All the factions have kind of similiar units that are slighty different. I just wanted to bring this up that nothing feels unique in the same sense you got in the older games or in other RTS games like Total War Warhammer or Starcraft 2.Just to give you the feeling, I payed full price for this game, got to the last mission, two thirds in it crashed and I couldnt get it to work in 5 minutes so I have not bothered to look into the crashing since, thats how much these those Hard campaign hours meant to me.I really, and I mean really wanted to like this game. If you are like me and think ""Hey probably its not too bad!"" while sobbing in a corner of broken dreams, atleast wait for a sale before getting it."
76561198008190810,Not Recommended,285190,31484473,Posted: 1 May,all,shelton351,"gigantic disappointment just like most other 40k games. Clumsy game mechanics, an utter lack of originality and bugs will make this gaming experience just like the critics said it would be before it was released.Previous Dawn of War games have been at the very least a mixed success, but this game (just like half the rest of Games Workshops electronic content) was pushed out as an unpolished turd which will leave you wondering why you spent money on it in the first place.Things to look forward to:1. A complete lack of developer interest in fixing bugs and patching clumsy mechanics.2. A panoply of wildly overpriced and equally disappointing DLC.3. More mediocre computer games created by the same developers who apparently don't want to listen to the critiques of their fan base."
,Not Recommended,285190,31472653,Posted: 30 April,all,xabran1,"It pains me a great deal to say this, but this is not at all what I expected or hoped for - a big time disappointment for me.They removed all the best elements of the first 2 dawn of war games and turn this into a primarily online only, non campaign-driven moba with only a handful of strategic choices at best.Its probably a great MOBA game, but I really looked forward to an epic, brutal campaign with leveling heros and gear you could equip your guys with as the story moves along.  All we got instead was a minimal afterthought intro-to-online-play campaign.  If I liked getting my a$$ kicked by Chinese teenagers I'd probably be more excited but alas, some dreams die in very ugly ways.Thanks for the effort guys, but what were you thinking?"
76561198006561547,Not Recommended,285190,31434999,Posted: 29 April,all,shinigami10,"Worst Dawn of War so far, playing the campaing is a chore, gamemecanics are a mess, for example you have large downtimes in  the game where you whait for your resources to gather, your resourcepoints are outside your base and defending them often costs you a lot of  Units/resources,this again causes you to have to whait for them to gather. In addition to that you get resources reaaaaaaly slowly and the units are overpriced sooo..... again whait for resources. The Story is a boring and generic ""there is  a Relic and everyone wants it so we fight for it"". Each mission you play a different race, which prohibits bonding with your heroes caus next mission you play someone else."
,Not Recommended,285190,34346137,Posted: 19 August,all,Tfrawg,"Bought played a few hours, isn't nearly the game its predecessors where. The game just isnt enjoyable. Refunded."
76561197987674677,Not Recommended,285190,33530762,Posted: 14 July,all,redblade1530,"Compared to all of the Dawn of War games, this one is very, very poor. I am  huge fan of the old games, but the campaign on this one and the overall gameplay experience cannot even be compared.  It is a very big disappointment. I requested my money back after a mere two hours of really trying hard to like it.The gameplayreminded me very much of Warcraft 3 - which I also hated. It makes me feel like the developers got jealous of DOTA or LoL. The teams are weak and the game is dominated by a giant hero entity. The storyline is not the least bit captivating. The switching around between factions ( last scenario you were Space Marines, now you are Orks) is antithesis to feeling the triumph of achieving supremacy against rediculous odds.Really  huge letdown. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,285190,31590203,Posted: 6 May,all,MrMisch13f,"This is a demo/alpha-stage game at best. 3 armies, 8 maps, 1 multiplayer game mode, a linear and boring story in the campaign, horrible voice acting, grimbright graphics that look nothing like a 40k inspired setting, base building is useless, game is centered around a MOBA-esque objective, one-dimensional gameplay, and lame excuses for balance. To say this is an RTS is a joke. On the surface level it appears to be one, but then you play and realize that all the RTS elements of the game are just for show, and they don't mean jack squat. Base building is completely pointless, army size doesn't really matter when the everything but the elites are useless cannon fodder, and the way the ONE GAME MODE works doesn't really allow for a big build up. If you lose the first skirmish you're pretty much donezo 9 times out of 10.Just don't buy this game. Maybe wait for it to go on sale because 60 dollars is a complete and utter rip off for the content that they gave at launch. Honestly, just go get DoW1 and download a mod and you'll havea way more fun than if you buy this. I honestly do not know what they were thinking when they made this hot garbage."
,Not Recommended,285190,31499384,Posted: 1 May,all,Rocket-Propelled Shark,"I think a lot of folks went into this expecting something similar to or ""better"" than Dawn of War 1 or 2, and that's really not the case here. This game plays fairly differently from both of those games, which is, honestly, something I can respect. But if you're expecting something similar o those games, you're gonna be disappointed.The single player campaign is actually pretty solid. Unlike the previous games in the series, it plays as more of a linear, story-driven game where all the races and the main characters have a part in it. While this does kind of skew the difficulty curve a little bit, and there are times where the game doesn't really give you very many resources to work with, for the most part I found it to be rather enjoyable. If nothing else, the story kept me intrigued through most of the way through.The multiplayer is where things fall apart. Admittedly, I'm not much of a multiplayer gamer, and I didn't really go into this expecting to have a particularly good time, but wow. Relic dropped the ball here. The multiplayer manages to feel simultaneously impenetrably complex and incredibly barebones. Every race has, like, two unique mechanics exclusive to them and almost every buildable unit has 2-3 abilities to them and they also have 2-3 doctrines you can equip them with, not to mention the elites and the abilities and doctrines they provide. Take into account that the game can move pretty fast and things get out-of-hand uncomfortably quickly. You really, REALLY need to know what you're doing in this game's multiplayer, because if you don't, you're gonna have a bad time. None of this is helped by the fact that it's very hard to know what you're doing wrong when you lose a match.It also doesn't help that there's only one game mode either available either. The game mode basically boils down to 'Destroy this thing, then destroy that thing, then destroy the bigger thing,' and it gets real old real fast. There isn't even a simple 'annihilate the enemy base' mode. It's really diappointing. I'm also really disappointed by the lack of any sort of simple co-operative game type, like DoW2's The Last Stand.I don't hate this game, I really don't. But it's hard to justify getting it right now. I'd definitely recommend waiting for more content. Or at least wait for it to go on sale."
76561198067332862,Not Recommended,285190,31403334,Posted: 27 April,all,ShibBB-8,"First off it just doesnt look right, with a weird art style that looks nice but doesnt fit 40k in my opinion (and many others) looks like a cartoon. A huge step backwards in terms of factions, units and gameplay options. A weak unit roster where all the units feel really squishy and weak (you will lose alot of space marine brothers :'( RIP), plus theres only like 5 buildings! Had my suspicions that this wasn't going to live up to the hype after I played it at EGX 2016, and sadly it's bad. Feels like they threw the tactical gameplay out of the window and it has just become a generic unit spam RTS and stupid OP orbital bombardments. Played the beta too and the multiplayer just wasn't fun. I still had hopes for singleplayer. But it just felt like i was sending waves of units to there deaths while my hero did all of the killing. Even if you are a die hard 40K fan don't get this! We need to stop this spree of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 40k games! Go play the first 2."
76561197965568431,Not Recommended,285190,31548242,Posted: 4 May,all,Miz,"Playtime at time of writing: 18hrsCompletion: Full singleplayer, no multiplayerFranchise experience: All DoW games, most Warhammer/40K games + tabletop for a couple of decades now.Genre experience: Played about what there is of RTS, do admittedly suck at multiplayer RTS.Review tl;dr: Utterly and savagely mediocre.Allright, nitty gritty. DoW3 is the third (not counting all the expansions) entry in the Dawn of War series and it's a series that has been somewhat controversial in its various iterations. DoW2 was a significant departure from DoW1, introducing a more action RPG like gameplay and pretty much completely dropping basebuilding, while adding a lot of tactical depth with cover, garrisoning structures, pinning and unit abilities countering or introducing all of these things. Robust melee systems and solid gameplay all around.All of these games are set in the Warhammer 40.000 universe, an absolutely over the top vision of the galaxy in the far future. For a general overview, look up WH40K Lore in (about) a Minute on youtube or perhaps check the 1d♥♥♥♥♥ wikis, or what have you. Chances are, if you're a DoW fan, you know WH40K.Unfortunately, it looks like the Developers here does not. Or at least, they don't respect the setting much, anymore. Oh, the units are gloriously detailed and accurate, visually and with amazing sound to them. They throw in some of the truly big names in the lore and wade through some of the most epic of unit types, possible enemies and so on, but it's like they completely forgot the -feel- of the setting. Instead, they're just plucking the bits and pieces that are useful to their purposes and mangling them.The glory and pride of the Emperor, the Space Marines. Walking tanks with weaponry to match, unparallelled in their strength and tactics... mowed down like grass. Everything feels anemic and weak, and somehow floaty as hell. Nothing has weight or substance to it, if it's not some Elite Unit that ends up on the other extreme of the overpowered spectrum.Almost everything feels off in this game, compared to the previous iterations and the setting itself. Pacing is all shot to hell and none of the units feel -right-, with some exception given to the Orks. While they are a beacon of aesthetic, feel and joyous ridiculousness they have far too massive a burden to carry for DoW3 to be elevated anywhere beyond mediocrity.Everything smacks of being watered down from the previous entries. Graphics are shinier but lost some of that sharp aesthetic of DoW2. Gameplay is... gameified and loses out both on immersion and weight. Level designs are pathetically slapdash and the entire campaign feels like an afterthought of a tutorial. The writing is absolute tosh and cliche, without almost any characterization and enjoyable progression. Again, the Orks are slight exceptions but just can't carry everyone else.There's some enjoyment to be had throwing around some Imperial Knight, Wraithlord or Gorkanought for instance, but for the very most part both the gameplay, story, level design and overall progression felt like a chore.I very much wanted to like this game, both as a massive fan of Warhammer/40K and a fan of both the previous iterations of this series, but what could have been a fantastic mix of DoW1 and DoW2 ended up as something far lesser than both of those titles.Mediocre, utterly average and frankly not worth the money in this market."
76561198058107597,Not Recommended,285190,31479008,Posted: 30 April,all,Naga,There are plenty of super in depth reviews for this game so I'll keep it short.Players new to DoW:-Might like itVeterans of DoW:-Lying if they say they like it
,Not Recommended,285190,31504812,Posted: 2 May,all,Auburok,"TL;DRPROS:Huge, powerful units that are fun in the campaignLooks pretty goodRuns fairly wellDecent voice actingDecent musicSome bugs, but I didn't run into manyCONS:Campaign's plotNo coop campaignLots of micromanagement for using abilitiesSkull currency designDoctrines systemLack of base buildingLack of true elite unit progressionSomewhat simple gameplay for RTSNo Paul Dobson as GabrielReview:It's by no means unplayable, but aside from finally having huge units, this one really misses the mark. There's not enough base building for it to feel like DoW 1, and the campaign often times shoe-horns in a few DoW 2 inspired levels where you are mostly using hero (elite) units, but without any of the progression of DoW 2 despite including levels for elites. There is no cooperative mode for the campaign, and somewhat simple RTS gameplay despite requiring a lot of micro management to effectively use abilities.The levels unlock portraits for multiplayer, a paint type, an extra ability (more on that later) and some skulls. Skulls are what is mostly needed when leveling, as they are used to buy new elite units and upgrades for your army. The upgrade system, or ""doctrines"", is the most obtuse system I've ever used. You can unlock some depending on what level your elites are at, and these upgrades are tied to specific units that you can have in your army. Many of the abilities are just not interesting enough to want to wade through to decide on. Some are good, in situational ways (such as letting gretchin teleport to scrap piles), but honestly they are very boring and almost inconsequential.I played mostly for the campaign. It started out well enough, but the motivations really didn't make sense, especiallyGabriel and Gorgutzteaming up, and once again fightingthe Daemon of Khorne. I guess it was interesting, but it didn't make much sense considering all the character motivations going for three games getting muddled right at the climax. Mission design was okay, but it was a shame the campaign was more of a mixed one, where you traded off races or used all three.I wouldn't consider it a bad game, just a very, very flawed one. I'm not a super expert on WH40K lore, but even front-flipping and constant cooperation with xenos has me scratching my head. I mean, once, back in the first one, it was an interesting twist, but now they are jumping the shark.I can't really speak for multiplayer, as the design of it is kind of... well, it's just not interesting to me."
,Not Recommended,285190,31472775,Posted: 30 April,all,Joeker579,"Feels like a watered down DoW they made it way too arcady and no customization only doctrine customization but even thats extremly limited and you cant even use certain doctrines that you unlocked in certain campaign maps it makes no sense.  nothing like the previous DoWs, I really DONT like how you HAVE to play all the factions in campaign and cant just choose what faction you want to be and what gear you have..  Its almost like they took out all the really cool features that were in the previous DoW. Oh But one thing i like is that all corpses stay on the battlefield and graphics are nice.. Would i buy this at 60 if i knew what i know now? No, Id wait for a sale... smh."
76561198014763977,Not Recommended,285190,31477186,Posted: 30 April,all,Cathu,"its a decent game in itself, but its marketed as a Dawn of War title and i dont think it should be.Because its a good game in itself, but it does NOT feel like a DOW title.My experience after 11-12 hours ingame: It seems like  a decent game with a lot of minor flaws that cant be fixed easily. For example in several campaign maps you can literally Attack move trough the entire level (on normal atleast) and the AI seems to give exactly 0 ♥♥♥♥s about resource management at times. The elite system is something i personally despise but im sure some people like it. The game runs smoothly, combat is fun (if messy and hard to keep track of because of all the bloom at times) and i think it will be a worthwhile game when (if) they add new multiplayer modes.get it on a sale or something, i cant reccomend this at full price as it is now"
76561198098962651,Not Recommended,285190,31487513,Posted: 1 May,all,posliiniankka,Definitely the worst gamea of dow series.
,Not Recommended,285190,31476933,Posted: 30 April,all,Lord_Momoko,"Usually, I don't post any reviews for games, but this thing forced me to do it.I can say I was ""hyped"" for this game since I love Warhammer 40k and own most of the games that were released to PC, but after seeing what have been done to this game made me feel like an Idiot, the reasons are below:1 - One Mode:ONE play mode for single/multiplayer games, which works exactly like an MOBA, it's not like I hate MOBAs, but the way it was implemented is not good since this play style basically limits your options of what you can do, ex Base Building, on every RTS game you have basic defence structures(and some more advanced ones), which we don't see on this one, your only defences are the listening posts, the Tower(MOBA style) and a ""field generator""(Near MOBA Style), you can't use defensive tactics without defensive structures like bunkers or defensive emplacements like sandbags or trenches, this forces you to employ offensive tactics all the time, in the end, every time you play ends exactly like the other 60x ones.I don't even want to speak about the joke called ""Campaign"".2 - 3 Races.First of all the Warhammer 40k universe has much more than 3 races, and each one has a completely different playstyle from the other, but in this game, they are extremely similar due to the nature of the Game Mode that forces you to play all offensive, ex with Eldars you end up preparing massive attacks to take down the power core, the same as the Orks and Space Marines.The First Dawn of War had more or less 9 races to play, Dawn of War 2 had 6, and this one has only 3, seems a little odd from my POV, I can feel a DLC Invasion coming.3 - Basic Units and Elites.Lack of Customizations, year before with DOW 1, 2 and our beloved COH 1 and 2 we saw the wonderful world of the unit customizations, where you could choose weapons, support actors, abilities and size of each squad, ex: Imperial Guard on DOW 1 and 2 you had the option to add a Sargeant, medics, some grenade launchers and plasma rifles which would have a huge impact on the gameplay because now they won't simply die like a bunch of ants, they had a way to fight.But on DOW 3 the only customizations is the Doctrines and the flamer+plasma rifle for the SpaceMarines.Doctrine System, this one drives me crazy, there's option that enables a normal Space Marine squad to run and shoot, guys this is the basic of any RTS game(Except Starcraft), and other Doctrines that are basically idiotic, there are some that I liked, ex: the one that enable reeinforcements+healing on Listening Posts, which could be an Upgrade to research on the HQ base for each faction.If they implemented the same as we saw on COH 1 and 2 the game would be perfect, because on COH 1 and 2 each doctrine has a completely different playstyle from the other, which if implemented in this game +units variations +more customizations would create a excelent game and the base to create it already exists since the Warhammer 40k Lore already have the doctrines defined for each army, just a copy and past.Cover System, the cover system in this game is basically an energy shield dome over a simple set of 3 walls that are installed on each map or no cover system at all, the predecessors we could use walls, sandbags, destroyed vehicles and etc as cover for our troops, making a more tactical game where even a single unit could turn the tide.4 - Game StateIt feels like the game lacks development, seems to me that it was rushed in the end and they decided to release this way because it was near the deadline to present the game, this explains the lack of maps, only 8 maps on an RTS game, and they all look the same.The only race that feels to be done is the Orks the others are lacking a lot of things, like units, buildings, better heroes etc...One game mode seems a little bit odd like they didn't have time to finish the others.Long Story Short:The game lacks a lot of features, like unit customizations, better base building and resource farm.One game mode forces you to use always the same tactics with a low replayability and limited choices.The elite system classifies even normal units as elites Ex: the Terminators for the Space Marines.Lore contradictions, Gabriel Jumping using a Terminator Suit, guys, a space marine can barely run using a Terminator Suit, that's why they have teleporting capabilities.The campaign is a joke, no story to get attached to it, barely any feels, just an oversized tutorial for the MultiPlayer.The points above are resumed as: It feels like I'm playing the Beta version, and be ready for the DLCsI will uninstall this game and wait for a fix/DLC or new Mods releases."
76561197964283103,Not Recommended,285190,33974576,Posted: 2 August,all,Xhondoh,"While I am all for Games branching out and trying something new, I feel they really missed the mark on this game.   No Co-Op for the campaign was a  big part of my love for 1, and 2.  Not even having it in 3 was a big dissapointment.  As far as the game play goes of Base build, defend, destroy wasn't enough to keep me interested.  Much prefer Planetary Annihilation for base build RTS."
76561197984765834,Not Recommended,285190,31467982,Posted: 30 April,all,gazza2929,"-Dawn of the moba-If it were branded a Warhammer 40k army of hero's or something else I think It would be better for it without building expectation as to what type of RTS it. Yes you can argue its RTS evolving, but this was such a shame.Being a fan of WH40K DoW's and COH's all made by relic with such high rating's its natural to hold it to a certain standard.Buts its weak, shallow....A HUGE lack in maps.... 3 for 3v3?! Ive never lost a match.... build a hoard and charge with some synchronized attacks from team mates.... thats it.... again and again :(I was hoping for a Dow/Coh but thats just me. Its not a bad game. Buts not a good Relic RTS.What a shame.... It could have been so much more and no update or dlc will change this.Will i still play it? Yes ... here and there. My geuss is no more than 20 hrs.. Not bad for a £40 game? But for a relic RTS... I was expecting 100 hours +Please if you make a follow up to CoH 2 please don't do this to it.Also no one has mentioned that fact the Sega now publish Dow, could this be a factor? Meh maybe notWait for sale 6/10"
76561198000647721,Not Recommended,285190,31710927,Posted: 12 May,all,NessyLunatic,This game is a total steaming pile of crap. B.S. campaign. I got bored on most of the missions. And multiplayer is just another battle arena with some 40k forced in.
76561198007044783,Not Recommended,285190,31432003,Posted: 28 April,all,Dr iFfY,"Can I have my money back or can I at least sell my code.......   Game is a Mess.   I have owned every Dawn of War Game and this one is by far the least fun to play.    Graphics are horrible, and slow frame rates,  not fun at all to play.   This game is more in its Alpha stages than a finished polished game.   I read the reviews, did not believe them at first and had a ""how bad can it be"" approach.    Its just bad, not worth your time bad.   Even if you paid me to own this version, I would still rather go back and play older versions.   It is an utter embarresement.   I paid $59 for this game and feel jipped.   Is there a way to make more of a formal complaint?"
76561198073012007,Not Recommended,285190,34515566,Posted: 26 August,all,XxxEmperorSandworm296xxX,i  want my money back
76561198061990032,Not Recommended,285190,33297985,Posted: 5 July,all,ThePendulum,"Bland, uninspiring, not ferocious Space Marine voice acting.Only one Elite has an upgrade available to them (Killteam Ironmaw).Units have minimal specific upgrade paths, if any.Exxagerated unit size scale between Elites and line units.Line units supplement Elites, not the other way around.No real point to basebuilding.Goofy looking animations in some cases (Heavy Bolter devestators ""setting up"".As another review stated:Let us never speak of this heresy again."
,Not Recommended,285190,33117816,Posted: 1 July,all,hamsandwich,"i would not recomenned this game, i would suggest dawn of war dark crusad or soulstorm which are still much more fun then this game even many years down the line, what they have done with this is disapointing to say the least, we don't need another f-ucking league of legions, keep the current graphices and put that on top soulstorm and make a new campain based on a simular basis to soul storms campain and it will be leaps and bounds better then this. the devs are moving away from what made this game great and are f-ucking idiots for doing so, look at the public reviews if you don't believe me. about half of all people agree with me and more and more people are joining us all the time when i say above.to sum it up, Devs WTF, you f-ucking f-uck f-ucking f-uck f%$^%$^&%!$@%^#^!%$@#^!@$#^%$@%!$@^%$!@$#%!^$@%#$!&^%@$#^$!@^#$!^%@$#^!$@^#%$^%@!$^&$@!^&#$!&^%@$#^&%$!@^%#$%@$&^$!@^%#$^&@#%$^%@$#^%!$@#$^!@&#$^!@&%$#^$@^#$^@#UCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31599801,Posted: 7 May,all,For The Emperor!!!,"As somebody who wasted way too much time with Warhammer 40k, i suck up a hell of alot stuff if you just slap the label ""40k"" on it but oh boy this one is bad, a shallow shadow from what the original game was. This one brings nothing new on the table and even has less features.If you want a RTS Warhammer 40k Game that really does represent the Warhammer experience go buy Dawn of war Soul storm and get the total apocalypse mod with Titans, tyranids, Korps of Krieg and everything you else desire from your Warhammer game, there are even mods for Thousand son etc."
,Not Recommended,285190,31455421,Posted: 29 April,all,helzminion,"By far the worst of the 3 DOW games. Really dissapointed that I pre-ordered this.-No cover, like absolutely NONE, except the sheild bubbles at a few specifc points in the mission.-There appears to be supression. If you take enough firepower from the enemy squads get a ! icon, and if you can mange mouse over it before they die, or move, you can see that is says ""slow"". Matters not, your troops wont live long enough to do anything anyway (close the gap or get outta range)-No retreat-The whole game seems to be completely focused on multiplater/pvp, even the campaign feels like a glorified tutorial-Cannot choose race/faction for the campaign. Forced to play all three-I'm not a fan of the art style/animation. Every time I watch Gabriel Angelos run, I wanna yell ""Run Forest Run!""-The AI is completely stupid. Your troops will stand there and get shot in the back until they die, if engaged by troops with further range. They will not try to engage at all.-The AI is completely stupid. The game says ""troops are en route to attack your base"", Then those troops stop, just outside the shield bubble area, and wait for my troops to run all the way across the map to capture the shield bubble and kill them-Micro managy as hell, again, the AI is terrible-When re-inforcing squads, you have to push the reinforce button for EVERY TROOP that died, you cant just click it once then the squad reinforces full. Again micro managy as hell-4 or 5 missions into the campaign, and I already just don't careThis whole game is focused around the Multiplayer. I could care less about the multiplayer. Seems the campaign was more put in as an afterthought, personally, I'm un-impressed enough I don't think they should have even bothered with the campaign.They want to have huge armies duking it out, which makes it difficult to manage everything, as stated above, your troops will do absolutely nothing unless you tell them to... or the enemy is right in their face. Otherwise, they will just stand around and die, if engaged, particularly by troops with further range.The ""Heroes"" are about as soft a toilet paper, they really don't seem very Heroic. The space marine ones in particular, all run like they have serious leg issues, like Forest Gump. Kinda detracts from them seeming HeroicI get it, things change... but for me, they threw away everything I liked about this franchise, to try to make it a MOBA or whatever the crap that is.Very dissapointed, I wold not recommend it to fans of the first 2 games.If you are a MOBA fan, you might enjoy it, dunno, I didn't bother with the multiplayer, as that's not really my cupa tea.I really, really feel like I should have skipped this one, or at the very least, waited for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,285190,34553955,Posted: 28 August,all,Hr. Borg,"Horrible campaign. It's not hard on the hardest difficulty, it's just frustrating. It doesn't even have autosaves or quicksaves!For example: Objective is to kill giant structure with only the limited units you have and those you can go out of your way to pick up. So you go up and destroy the structure, but suddenly there's a new objective to survive for 5 minutes while a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of units is thrown at you. Suddenly you realise you should have gathered some more units or been more careful with them before doing the objective, but no warning has been given to you. It just happens out of nowhere. That is just bad game design.Another example: You have a few hero units that you have to go through the map with, killing whatever stands in your way. Suddenly, while in middle of combat, a new objective comes up to save a hero character under attack. On the hardest difficulty that hero dies insanely fast. So if you don't know it's going to happen and you didn't bait out the units that engages you just before that event triggers, then you're simply ♥♥♥♥ed and will have to try again. Then you remember there is no auto-saves in the game and you have to do the WHOLE mission again.When it comes to multiplayer. You might like it, but I certainly did not like it. There has been 1615 players at peak in the last 30 days, so queue times are very high. Much higher than CoH2, a 5 year old game, which had 6213 peak players at the last 30 days."
76561198032679004,Not Recommended,285190,32436192,Posted: 15 June,all,Akula2ssn,"I had fun playing the game. Enough fun to play it just enough hours to not be able to refund the game ie play through the campaign, but not much beyond that. My fiance and I will play online to kill time. All that being said, definitely not worth the 60 plus dollars. The first thing for me is that as much as I enjoy the Blood Ravens storyline, as amused as I am to see Gorgutz come back, and as much as I enjoy seeing howling banshees take to the field at high speed, the truth is I'm not a space marines, ork, or eldar player. I started with collecting the table top. I'm a resolute Sisters of Battle player and I do like rounding things out with the Guard, Inquisition, Imperial knights, OCCASSIONALLY I'll add the Space Marines or even Grey Knights in for a little bit of flare. For me when I look at the entirety of all the 40k games out there beyond just the Dawn of War series, I've probably seen more Space Marines than most of the Imperium will ever see in their entire lifetime. Space Marines are cool and awesome, but for me they've become warriors in a can that are past the expiration date. In other words the game really lacks a lot of the color of the grim dark future. If anything, I consider that to be the greatest strength that Soulstorm and Retribution had was variety of factions.I'm holding out hopes for improvements to the game, but it's hard to say if I'd be willing to pay for DLC improvements after how much I already dropped on this game. It's really going to depend on what it is. I would say compared to other games I've played that had DLC, this game feels very incomplete. There is a lot of potential for DLC to make the game awesome, but the game feels like it NEEDS the DLC rather than the DLC complimenting the game, so from that perspective I will probably cough up the money for future DLC if they help complete the game.So basically, it's fun to play. The animations are neat, especially when an ork kan goes up in flames, but I'd only get it if you have the money to blow or if you're just that die hard of a 40k fan that you have to get everything with the 40k label on it but even there. Personally I'd just take that money and give it to GW or your local independent retailer for a box of Space Marines."
76561198041773939,Not Recommended,285190,34447841,Posted: 23 August,all,Eric,"I have been a GWS fan for the last 30 years.  I have sat though many good and bad adaptations of GWS games and lately all of the 40K games have been horrid.  I want to like this game, I want to have it pull me into the 40K universe. But just like real life we often dont get what we want.  This game does not deserve to be a part of the great DoW series.  It is very, very bad. It might be worth buying when its on sale for $5.00 or less."
76561198008701299,Not Recommended,285190,33963359,Posted: 1 August,all,Steg51,"Single Player: As a 40k fanboy I've read all but about 7 of the novels including up to the 44th horus heresy novel.  The plot of this didn't feel like 40k.  It felt like someone went to a shop of ancient chinese secrets but instead of a mogwai they bought a box filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥and pig entrails.  They they dumped it out on the dev team's desk screaming ""WITNESS"" to the sounds of Ke$ha.  The trailer was great.  But for the love of ♥♥♥♥ the story was so weak there isn't a case of disentary in India that watered down.Multiplayer: Enjoy the wait.  And when you get in it's some guy who only knows how to ask for your credit card number to marry his sister.  Blah blah blah moba.Achievements.  Why bother? All those secret achievements are for grinding out hero levels and some campaign glories."
76561198113797576,Not Recommended,285190,31459206,Posted: 30 April,all,dean.owens37,Changed every thing about the game. Feels nothing like the dark 40k universe really disappointed.
,Not Recommended,285190,31414302,Posted: 28 April,all,deep_profile,"wow..............just wow......what a disappointment. how is it even possible to get from the previous two games to that.i'm a huge fan of the first dow and i liked the covering system of the second. but this has nothing in common with each of the previous titels. well....different doesn't typically mean worse but in this case it does 100%.first of all. yes you have your large-scaled armies back. but they are completely useless since one of your big elite avatars can easily destroy every single unit from your enemy on his own.ordenary units are now super weak. and i mean super duper weak. when an orc tips a space marine the marine implodes immediately.....kind of^^also really sad is the fact that the devs completely abandoned the cover system for your units. how cool would it be to have a dow 1 like game with the cover system of dow 2. i tell you how it would be....it would be awesome, sir!!!i only played the fist mission of the campaign so i don't know how the rest feels like. the first mission so far was just boring. terrible voice acting and completely hero focused.i think the fact that you play each race during the campaign could be cool. but again haven't played so far yet.but the real problem of this game is the multiplayer/skirmish mode anyway. you have indeed only one mode and that is in fact moba oriented. there are only 8 completely symmetrical maps with 2-3 lanes. each lane has towers and shield generators which have to be destroyed before you can attack the main core and win the game. the main differences to real moba games is the fact that you can build base buildings (but only 5 different types) and you deploy and control all units. but even if you like playing moba games (i love dota 2 for example) this game is still boring since the hero mechanics are not even nearly elaborated like in most moba games.while i was playing some skirmish matches i also noticed: .......are there no sync kills? ............ WTF!!! MY UNITS DON'T HAVE FINISHING MOVES!!! WTF² !!!seriously. i know that doesn't really effect the gameplay but boy......how can they do this? how can anyone possibly be so stupid and banish sync kills from a dow game? that was THE thing that made the previous games so atmospheric and immersive. you really had the feeling that your units were actually fighting for life and death.....really really sad!!!well....all in all i can not recommend this game. it feels a bit like ea has taken over relic or at least the development of this game. many thanks re-ealic! another awesome game series ruined!if anyone really wants to test this game anyway. wait for a sale. it's worth not more than 20. me personally, i will request a refund now."
,Not Recommended,285190,31630153,Posted: 8 May,all,Warmarine,"I don't recommend this game not as in ""Avoid like the plague"" but more of wait for expansions/DLCIf you're looking for a Dawn of War game, this sadly doesnt' deliver muchIf you play Dawn of War for the multiplayer, this game's multiplayer is ok but lacks the content of previous games at launch (Granted I've been told this game has more maps than Dawn of War 2 Launch time)If you're like me and play Dawn of war for the singleplayer, then yes I do actually recommend it. The singleplayer does feel like a heavy tutorial for multiplayer, the swapping of sides for each mission may frustrate people and I know alot of people aren't keen on the new voices actors but for a warhammer game, the story is actually pretty good (Not as amazing either Dawn of war or Winter Assault but the missions aren't as obnoxious as ""Kill X at end of map"" in Dawn of war 2's campaign), the characters do feel like the same type of characters and the soundtrack of the game is well done (Even if not as same quality of Jeremy Soule and Doyle W. Donehoo but still suitable for 40k).TL;DR: Wait for expansions but also do give the campaign a chance as it's the better half of the game"
76561198033431088,Not Recommended,285190,31428082,Posted: 28 April,all,Alex,"As far as the campaign goes, I do not find this game all that fun. If you like DOWI and DOWII, you may find this game lacking, as I did.The tactical space marines are obviously nerfed, ruining the persona of the superhuman killing machine that we all know and love.If my Blood Ravens get massacred by a couple shoota boiz, what hope is there for the Emperor? They're supposed to be able to stand toe-to-toe with the worst the Warp has to offer.It's almost as if the creators tried turning the DOW franchise into something akin to DOTA2 or LoL. A few champions roaming the map with squishy minions running around for easy kills and exp.PS: Give me back my Grey Knights, Heretic"
76561198005438558,Recommended,285190,31513925,Posted: 2 May,all,Lord Kheroth,"This is a GOOD game-- a questionable dawn of War-- but a good game.I haven't read one review (positive or negative) that was wrong. Yes its very MOBA inspired and yes its simplified compared to Relic's usual complexity and depth, but that doesn't ruin the game for me. The only thing that I see wrong with this game is that it's titled ""Dawn of War III"" and I expected a sequel to Relic's amazing sci-fi RTS's. This is a sequel in the storytelling sense, but the gamepley is utterly alien to anyone who would be expecting an ACTUAL Dawn of War III.I'll give Relic props for trying to push the genre the way they always have-- never this drasticaly tho, and it's usually for the better. I also don't realy blame Relic because I'm sure Sega was pushing some ideas that the studio didn't necessarily like, but such is the gaming industry.Either way, it bothers me to see this game with mixed reviews because it is just so freakin' fun when you break it down. All of the negative reviews i've read so far answer the question ""Is this a good Dawn of War?"" but all of the positive reviews answer: ""Is this a good game?""and I assure you, this IS a good game.---Pros:- solid single player comparable with DoW I's linear approach- elites are fun to use- runs beautifully on most PCs i know- awesome soundtrackCons:- multiplayer is repetitive (8 maps, 1 game mode)- dumbed down mechanics such as the cover and building systems- non-elite units are WEAK8/10 buy it but watch some videos first to see if it's for you."
76561198019700010,Not Recommended,285190,31438247,Posted: 29 April,all,IBM-FR34K,"bought mainly for the single player, as I don't have the ping for online.2 missions and I'm very boredso far, I didn't notice any great music pieces, and the game is generally boring.I was hoping for DoW2 experience or even better, ended up with a boring game.Update:I requested a refund."
76561197993213645,Not Recommended,285190,31444352,Posted: 29 April,all,Wackywizard,"after warhammer total war the graphics of this game are embaressing. Muddy clinky , boxy are the best things i can say.was not able to play much felt like i was looking at game at best ten years dated and even then other games looked better.i highly recommened total war warhammer spent hours just enjoying the look, this game whoever they had desgin it looks like they did it on the cheap and it shows"
76561198005619897,Not Recommended,285190,31491578,Posted: 1 May,all,magister_primus,A shame to all warhammer 40k lovers. I began playing 40k on tabletop in 1999. Since then I bpught all dow series and expansions and kept playing the tabletop. This game makes me sad and it is obvious that this game is not made by a guy who understands a damn about 40k universe. The last cinematic is usually is the part that the game makers show their respect to hard hours of playing. This one showed it as well. It was an INSULT!!
,Recommended,285190,31408225,Posted: 27 April,all,PhilthyPhilPhD,"Worthy successor to the genre. A mix of DoW1 and DoW2 with something new brought to the table. Lots of potential for high level play and a large skill ceiling. Doctrines and Elites add something fun and interesting, looking forward to them add more in the future as well as more races. Campaign is pretty decent as well if you're into that sort of thing.Would recommend 8.5/10."
76561198006587397,Not Recommended,285190,34543082,Posted: 27 August,all,brotherdigital,Piece of garbage.  Must have put the budget into paying off game review articles instead of a decent development team.
76561198046599511,Not Recommended,285190,34427354,Posted: 22 August,all,Louish,A StarCraft clone that has little to do with the 2 first games. It's not the Relic gameplay you know and love there is no micro and it is boring. I got a refund.
,Not Recommended,285190,31500661,Posted: 1 May,all,Soliptic,"All the least interesting things from previous games and none of the fun mechanics. If they had just slapped a 40k paint job on top of CoH2 we'd have a really fun game. Instead we have a boring unfun campaign, disjointing pacing, and a very confusing interface (with strange hotkey choices) that just don't have the fun or awe of previous games. Luckily this is Steam. If you're on the fence wait for the inevitable sale."
76561197992422647,Not Recommended,285190,33771920,Posted: 24 July,all,Ziltoid,"There are plenty other, better reviews which say this with many more words, but it really can be said with very few:I loved the s**t out of every DoW game until now, including every expansion, to the point of 100+ hours on each. But I got bored badly after just 15 hours playing this one which cost more than I paid for any of the earlier ones.The campaign is senseless and a single multiplayer mode (spoiler: it's not to annihilate the opponent...) makes this iteration feel really, really poor even when compared to the original DoW is 13 years old now. And you've got just three races to pick from - even fewer than the original DoW. I wish I didn't have to write this, but this is the first DoW game I have come to dislike and probably won't be playing again.If you feel like burning cash on a mediocre sub-10-hour campaign where you switch races at random, buy this game. For anyone else I wouldn't recommend this - and will instead recommend bying the collection of previous DoW games which are very cheap by now. You'll have a LOT more fun with those, trust me on that."
76561197985838486,Not Recommended,285190,34430821,Posted: 22 August,all,solis5107,"Very, Very, Very, Very, disappointed in this game. I Don't think I have ever written a review for a game so that should tell you how I feel about this. I do not even know where to start...I am still in shock on the graphics. The orignal Dawn of War looked so much better. And you know what, I will just leave it at that. I know people worked hard on this game and I feel bad bashing it so lets just say I am disappointed in the graphics and not even get into the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,285190,31627344,Posted: 8 May,all,BKatt,"How can i best sum up my very very bad experience with this game, that clearly only uses the Dawn of War franchise name to sell something thats not remotely good in any way, shape or form. AVOID IT!I would not recommend this POS to my worst enemy.1).Bought it.2).Tried it.3).Returned it."
76561197970219443,Not Recommended,285190,33277775,Posted: 5 July,all,Mindless,"I will have to agree with most of the other negative comments. I am a die hard warhammer 40k fan. I loved all of the games they have put out so far and own multiple armies for tabletop. The fact that this game even carries the DoW title makes me sick. It isn't a DoW game at all, and I can't even begin to guess at what they were attempting. Cannot recommend save yourself the money. If it ever becomes free then maybe but I wouldnt even pay $5 for this game."
76561198068518589,Recommended,285190,31470245,Posted: 30 April,all,Trevidian,"Could use more playable teams, but gameplay is 10/10."
76561198026546604,Not Recommended,285190,31501771,Posted: 2 May,all,Phyrexia,"Played it, enjoyed it. Altho not what i was expecting, it was an overall okey rts, but in game did not feel like warhammer i grew up with.Wanted it to be more like DoW 1."
,Not Recommended,285190,34517299,Posted: 26 August,all,Sraxion,"First of all my review comes from a 180 hours of gameplay and not 3 hours like most of the other users. Worst dawn of war i played so far, escalation phases are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, èlite points are pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, 3 races is pure garbage, add aswell the cartoon graphic. They poorly dubbed units compared to the old Dow. DON'T support this game as so far the only thing they did was to release 2 maps, new hero skins and a balance patch that changed the meta from eldar avengers spam to eldar snipers spam."
76561198008892843,Not Recommended,285190,32946925,Posted: 28 June,all,Knight Vision,Why is it the third game of a series always disappoints and doesn't follow the formula that made it's predecessors succesful?
76561198006576860,Not Recommended,285190,31427462,Posted: 28 April,all,alchemest2001,"This game is pretty dissapointing.  There's nothing really in common with dawn of war I or II.  There's three races but only one campaign, it's not worth $60.00  I'll tell you that.  Maybe wait and get it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,285190,32928890,Posted: 28 June,all,Spawn of Bane,"Lazy map design and development, & limited in scope. It's heresy to the lore and even in some cases logic. But at the end of the day, its fun to play."
76561198007328993,Not Recommended,285190,33775982,Posted: 24 July,all,Helmeston,"1rst review I ever wrote. on steam.Im a big warhammer fan, went from DoW 1 to here. Played the tabletop, etc.I saw the bad review, but saw a sale, so thought ""why not, at least I can do the campaign""But no.♥♥♥♥ it. The campaign is bad.I made a mistake. Dont make the same.Wait for a huge update, a new mode, a new campaign, something, but at that point dont get it."
76561198008349480,Recommended,285190,31655046,Posted: 9 May,all,God,"Ok so this wasn't what i was expecting. However you can really see bits of all the DOW games in use in this so that is a definite plus.However, they lost something now that you can't customise HQ's or units and it feels more like this game is 90% about getting the elites on to the field and 10% actual strategy or personalisation. Get used to throwing wave after wave of Eldar (you know, those guys that are dying out) at enemy bases then eventually going for the good ole DOW 2 tactic of spamming the crap out of Wraithguard. Even then, some of the ultimate abilities will see your entire army wiped out in seconds.The campaign is pretty fun though again, i'd like to have seen a bit more in depth in each mission, being able to build a little more and even choose my own elites would have been nice (i know in some missions you must have certain elites but still)The multiplayer only has a single game type which is kinda boring i find. Though the enemy AI is much better than in previous DOW games in which it would just spend the entire game capping your resource points at the other side of the map..All in all, they have done a good job. However this still doesn't feel like a completed game and i do hope when the eventual DLC's come along, especially for the multiplayer, that they are free or really not that expensive. Charging people £40 for a semi completed game in which you can finish the campaign in around a day and a single multiplayer option is not a good idea.So i would recommend, in the hopes that they add plenty more multiplayer options, perhaps more campaign missions and even a Last Stand option as i know we all loved that.EDIT - Though the relic servers need a look at. Had 3 DC over the last few days in online games which is as you can imagine, quite annoying.."
,Not Recommended,285190,31413215,Posted: 28 April,all,hynk,"This is a review based on a first impression, which in my case was really bad.In short: Everything Relic accomplished in part 2 of the series was thrown overboard for a cheap revamp of the first Dawn of War game.After the amazing cinematic the game prompted me to put in my Relic account-details. Just you can't input them, because the game also opens up some kind of command line in which you start typing instead of the form. Also, you can't input @-signs, so good luck logging in with your e-mail. After being stuck for a few moments with a form that wouldn't take my input the game decided to let me pass to the mainmenu. I can't really describe the menu. It lags, it clips, it does weird stuff. There's also a a black rectangle about 1/5th screen size somewhere in the right corner, that just does nothing. Somehow at that point i was logged in btw. Why show me a login screen then if the game uses my steam data without asking first?Clicking on the profile button in the upper left corner sends me to another empty black menu with nothing to do.Going on to the graphics settings. These are your options: resolution, image quality, texture detail, gameplay resolution (i guess thats adaptive resolution *puke*), unit occlusion (like that does something...), anti-aliasing, v-sync and physics.So not a lot to go on here. First thing that struck me settingswise while playing was the missing shadows. The only shadow you can see while playing are fixed environment shadows and the mouse cursors drop shadow, but no shadows for buildings and units, which gives the impression of floating buildings. Also the Textures suck and something is really wrong with either anti-aliasing or blur effects. Guys, it's 2017. Relic did a really good job with their earlier RTS-Games. So why ♥♥♥♥ it up now? I guess it's SEGA...On to gameplay. There is none. It's just another generic RTS, where DOW2 was a game that went deeper. DOW3 has no cover system, it gives you no sense of what your units are doing? Are they running away? Are they in melee combat? What are they doing? I don't know and frankly im starting to not care. Just mass battles, no complex micromanagement."
76561197970004695,Not Recommended,285190,31418732,Posted: 28 April,all,Hovis,"Not recommended because it's not quite there yet. Obviously there's going to be more factions, more maps, more stuff to do, and when that stuff comes along it'll probably be a more worthwhile game. As it is though, it feels like a lot of money for some pretty bare bones. Nothing to lose by waiting on this one."
76561197976085751,Recommended,285190,31448326,Posted: 29 April,all,Furyan,This is a really fun and great game i don't know why people are complaining it has a great atmosphere and lore a really fun campaign im enjoying with story and the multiplayer battles your challenged you have awesome units to choose from and you have to plan your tactics carefull how you will fight acording to how the player is building a constant war of planning and tactics to get the victory i really love this game and im really enjoying playing it and feel like im in the warhammer 40k world
76561198022266103,Not Recommended,285190,31411022,Posted: 28 April,all,CJraptor,Depressing to say that the negative reviews are correct. I can't imagine how this got a positive other than the fantaticism that is unfortunately present in most fan bases. They couldn't even get the look of the Space Marines correct.
76561198006118056,Recommended,285190,31479380,Posted: 30 April,all,Timelord85,"I got my base building back, and I loved how the story was told. I guess the only dislike is that I can't zoom in more, but it really doesn't bother me. I hope others will enjoy it as well."
76561198006522929,Not Recommended,285190,31425492,Posted: 28 April,all,liquigroover,meh
76561197997141364,Recommended,285190,31569806,Posted: 5 May,all,MrJayJay,"A big fan of warhammer 40k and the dawn of war series. I can see where some are upset, but I have definately enjoyed both  the SP and MP so far. Contrary to popular belief this game does take quite a bit of stratigy in MP matches and has been definately fun the past few days. While it is definatley different than dow 1 and 2 it does stand on its own quite well. If you don't mind some changes from the past two you might find a fun and rewarding RTS."
76561198007622338,Not Recommended,285190,31482937,Posted: 1 May,all,KoRR,"so far so s h i ***do not buy. wait for more content... thats not correct, wait til they finish making it, G F Y S RELIC"
76561198017106342,Not Recommended,285190,31413401,Posted: 28 April,all,Golroc,"It's not a bad game, but the dearth of campaign/single-player content, low number of multiplayer maps and game modes, and the weird skulls mechanic makes it hard to justify the price tag. I can understand a progression mechanic for campaign-mode, but having to unlock elites and doctrines for multiplayer in a full price AAA game is weird.The campaign doesn't utilize the Warhammer 40,000 setting very well. It feels quite light-hearted and very much like the Blizzard-style of storytelling. The exaggerated and cartoony animations reinforce this feeling. It is not very faithful to the source material. The extreme focus on Elites feels very out of place.I think it will get better as more content gets added, but I'm worried about the pricing, as it is already very expensive for the amount of content delivered.There are also some questionable design decisions, like the MOBA-ish objectives and map layout. I can't shake the feeling that this game was designed (or at the least the design was heavily influenced) by someone who is either a casual gamer or not really a gamer at all. It feels like the marketing department had too much say in the game design. While that may not be the actual truth, such feelings can explain the low review scores.This is sadly a big disappointment. There was such an opportunity for a unique experience, but I feel like I am playing a Starcraft 2 mod. I hope Relic take the criticism to heart and use expansions and DLC to steer this game towards what it should have been."
,Not Recommended,285190,31423793,Posted: 28 April,all,Mini Xperts,"To put it simply:It is Warhammer 40,000. It is not Dawn of War."
,Recommended,285190,31654991,Posted: 9 May,all,Razey,"Most of the people complaining either think this is a MOBA (it isn't, it has some MOBA elements) or they just wanted Dawn of War 1 with better graphics. I for one applaud Relic and the direction they took. Single player is ok, nothing to brag about.. But multiplayer is where it's at (even though I am terrible at it.)"
76561198000266166,Not Recommended,285190,31407932,Posted: 27 April,all,Black Hammer,"In advance: I have refunded this, primarily because it does not offer keybinding options and I am left-handed.The only people I can recommend DOW3 are people looking for a light and simple RTS with overly long matches. The endgame is dominated by hero units, and every game will last over 20 minutes until that endgame due to how the victory conditions are set up.The 40k elements are thin on the ground, aside from unit appearance. Orks trade tolerably into an equal number of Space Marines, Banshees lose to Tactical Marines in melee, and weapons lack much flavor, giving off a very generic sci-fi feel. (Bear in mind in 40k, plasma, laser, and missile weapons are supposed to be very different things.) The lore quotes and UI elements of previous titles are gone, the unit voice work is uninspired, and the maps have no 40k feel whatsoever.The AI in Skirmish is mediocre. Not much to be said past it is relatively inactive and is unable to respond to any kind of pressure.The unlock system means you are going into early matches flat out weaker than everyone else. Not merely fewer hero options, but a lack of doctrines mean your units are simply inferior. This is bad design.The game has some weird disparities in design. The mechancis are shallow, with small maps, but for a simple game, matches take a long time. Resources are only sort of important, since hero units dominate the battlefield. There is only one game mode, but it offers few maps and little variety.Technical points: no key rebinding. No fullscreen option but automatic borderless windowed. Microtransactions are coming at some point, but we all knew that with a Relic title.If they add a few more factions, beef up the game mode choices, and improve the AI, I'll buy again it in a heartbeat."
76561198000084605,Recommended,285190,31412942,Posted: 28 April,all,cakesucker,"Not bad ,but VP  mode is better."
,Recommended,285190,31404374,Posted: 27 April,all,VexedFrenchman,This game is great! I love it and definitely recommend it to anybody who loves RTS or Sci-fi games! It got me interested in the lore of the Warhammer universe and is a great entry point for anybody else. Really smooth controls and very nice graphics. An easy 10/10 in my book!
76561197976318836,Recommended,285190,31404499,Posted: 27 April,all,TEMPLAR,a good mix of dow 1 and 2. if you like Dow you will like it of you have never played dow give it a go
76561197971175944,Recommended,285190,31424831,Posted: 28 April,all,CrimsonMerc,"I am very happy with the game, while the maps are limited and the mode is different if you gave this a fair shot in beta you would have seen the fun that could be had in multiplayer."
76561197999569974,Recommended,285190,31408211,Posted: 27 April,all,Killer Jebus 7,Fun Game.
,Recommended,285190,31408528,Posted: 27 April,all,highlyclassified,FOOOOOR THE EMMMMMPEROOORRRRRRRRRR!!!
76561198005403117,Recommended,285190,31425871,Posted: 28 April,all,Liquid Dynamite,"Like a lot of people I was hoping for a DoW I revival, I had approx. 800 online matches in DoW soulstorm with a 72 % win rate. I really loved the matches, 8 people free for alls and the variety of 9 different but complex races with my orc boyz as eternal favourites. I never really got into DoW II (or CoH) though.So I finally got to play this game, after reading through the forums and steam user reviews I was convinced that this game was an instant refund. But I don´t get the hate, I like it so far. No GOTY material, but a very solid and fun foundation.Don´t get me wrong, there are clearly some things missing. Other game modes like assassination and annihilation and balance patches should follow soon if relic wants to keep this alive: But it works way better than the Capture the flag mode of DoW II for me.Also some Elite units should be in the standard roster for more variety. Bigger rosters, more factions and nerfed elite units / abilities could swing the mood in a more positive direction. Heroes of DoW 1 were tanky but couldn´t wipe out infantry squads in an instant.I will give it some time to grow on me, DoW I has changed a lot for the better over several patches / expansions as well.All in all I am at the start with just a few hours in but I had some fun matches so far and I can feel a depth of gameplay which can be explored if you dig deeper. Also the graphics are quite nice on high settings, even if the style is clearly not everyones cup of tea.If you think about getting this game, I would recommend giving it a try. The reviews and user topics are way overdramatic. It´s different but definately no trash."
,Recommended,285190,31426147,Posted: 28 April,all,Spangler,"Initial Impressions – Dawn of War 3: There is a lot to like here, but there are also things that I am sad to see. It’s a mixed bag and it is hard to separate my complaints about the RTS genre in general vs this game specifically. Also, this is only my initial impression as I have played only the tutorials, one solo mission, and one 3v3CPU game.DoW3 launches with an epic and awesome AAA animation sequence that gets you in the mood. Upon getting to the menu, you can tell they spent a good amount of time on streamlining the interface and giving it an almost Blizzard polish. The unit models are gorgeous. Immediately I jump into the army painter. I only looked at the Space Marines, but they had around 30 premade chapters with varying colors and logos. The painter tool to make your own custom army was slick and fun to use although I could not find a way to upload our own Master Plan logo. That would have been sweet to see our logo on the should pads of some Devastator Marines, but oh well.Then I jumped into the tutorials which were helpful and not too long. It’s pretty much the same stuff as last times but with a few new mechanics. The building animations while being constructed are cool but I was bummed to see no turrets. I like turrets because I am a noob, but maybe they are later.Then I played the first mission. It was basic, focusing mostly on your hero unit. I can tell they want you to learn stuff at a certain pace, because there is a lot to take in, like most RTS games. That is a good thing and I am looking forward to playing the rest of the campaign because I feel that is the true tutorial – they will teach me what I need to know when I need to know it.But disregarding that, I wanted the full deal so Chris, myself, and Justin started a 3 vs 3CPU game. Here is where I started to have concerns. Only 3v3? Why not more? There were only three maps to pick from which I can tell, already sucked. Seems like maps are the easiest things to make, but I suppose they want it to be an eSport so they opted for refined (boring) basic maps for PVP.Within minutes I am already falling behind because I am reading all these things and clearly need to play the campaign to understand all these aspects – but that aside, I was surprised how little communication was going on between us humans. It was almost like we were all just playing the game, without any concern or knowledge of each other’s strategies and tactics. Granted, we were playing “Casual AI” so more coordination may naturally occur on harder difficulties.Base building makes its return… sort of. There are like, what 3-4 buildings? I did not see any way to say, make a turret. So, sure there is a base and there are some buildings you need to make but it does not have the same feeling as “this is my HQ, ♥♥♥♥♥es” feeling one gets from StarCraft or Dawn of War 1. I missed making bunkers on choke points like I can in StarCraft or turrets in Dawn of War 1 right off the bat. How I make my base did not matter much, so in this way – it felt dumbed down, but it may be a good thing in the end. It’s hard to say at this point without more game and knowledge under my belt.This game is very streamlined, perhaps too much so. For example, gone is the basic marines ability to add various weapons kitted out. No more “how about a Heavy machine gun, two plasma guns, and a missle launcher… and a squad commander”. Now, it’s just Marine Squad with flamer or plasma upgrades. It is too early to tell if this streamlining is a bad thing, but it was a point of sadness.The battles are fun, usually. The more you understand the better it will be. Since I was noob, I found the combat hectic and chaotic, especially compared to a MOBA such as Heroes of the Storm.Which brings me to my biggest concern. What I missed the most from Dawn of War 3 was the need for teamwork and coordination. There was no map objective we had to go accomplish other than “I think we’re ready for the GG push” which I think was the only tactical call made all game. But this is not a problem with Dawn of War per se, rather than a problem with all RTS genre in general.There are ways to configure your army with different hero units and other perks, but compared to how profoundly different Rexxar plays in HotS compared to Nova or Abathur – these DoW3 configs will feel like flare.The low map count and only three armies limit the replayability of DoW3 and RTS games for me a great deal. It is a hybrid of Dawn of War 1 and 2 but somehow does not fully scratch the army/base building feel of the first, nor the RPG elements of the second.What I see before me is a decent, solid RTS game but leaves me wondering if my RTS days may be behind me, and in its place – games like Heroes of the Storm have replaced them. That said, I am not unhappy with my purchase and am looking forward to playing it – but I highly doubt I will get as much game time out of it compared to HotS which is a Free to Play game."
76561198306430618,Recommended,285190,31425808,Posted: 28 April,all,shetheshepherd,not a bad game overall. dont like the micro management of special attaks.
,Not Recommended,285190,31741577,Posted: 14 May,all,FN-2187,Not enough units and factionsStory is dry and boringOnly few maps for multiplayersI get bored of this game in 20 hours (Finished campaign in 18 hours and tried MP 2 hours)The graphics looks good.Shame this is the first Warhammer 40k videogame I purchased.Overall 5/10
,Not Recommended,285190,31466139,Posted: 30 April,all,my_own_deity,"Love dawn of war and have owned every rts game they have dropped, but this one flopped hard even though it looked great on the surface.First I was glad to hear they were bringing back base building but its so dumbed down now they might as well have went the dawn of war 2 route. No turrets, walls, resource generators when the only structures you can build are unit production structures that is not base building.  the one unique structure you could build with a doctrine in the beta an eldar energy shield didnt even make it into the full game, again base building with only production structures is not base building.Then the elite units which actually are a cool idea but terrible implementation, it should have been 3 heroes that can have customizable wargear not units that in previous titles could be built such as a wraithlord.The campaign i can cut a bit of slack because yes making atleast 6 seperate campaigns is a huge time sink but that said both dawn of war 1 and 2 had much better campaigns and seriously give us back our wargear its not dawn of war without hero customization.Critics might be raving but this is not a game for fans at all, I enjoy mobas and I love rts games but trying to mix the two has just resulted in this mess. My personal tip for anyone wanting to make a great rts based in the 40k universe take the base building from supreme commander (the original not the ♥♥♥♥♥how that was 2) reskin it, and the hero mechanics from dawn of war 2 retribution, and bam rts of the decade, give it mod support and you have the rts of the century.Last but not least I would ask for a last stand mode again but without wargear who would even want to play it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31474892,Posted: 30 April,all,Ċŗª§Ħ ♀ ®,"Overhyped crap.Unit customisation is colours, thats it.My favourite faction is missing; Chaos. Whats happen to the other factions i.e. Tau, Necrons and such?Campaign is trashy and easy.Comp stomp; AI on hardest and it was too easy.Overpriced game for what little we was given for a game, a handful of maps, customisation, unit variety and some elites which dont deserve the ""elite"" status.The pro! The graphics and the wraithknight leap and slash :)"
76561197999320853,Not Recommended,285190,31512359,Posted: 2 May,all,seaan1,I was a huge fan of DoW series before Dawn of War II. Granted I thought this game was going to be like the first one. Sadly it was not. I am sad that I paid for this game ): I still love the tabletop. I hope that the next DoW will be more like the origanals.
76561198009925546,Not Recommended,285190,31466210,Posted: 30 April,all,Squeaking Mouse,A truly awful game. I've been a huge fan of the DoW series from the start - I even liked how they changed things up in DoW II but this is simply a poorly made MOBA. The series has been hijacked.If you're reading these reviews hoping for this to be an outstanding follow on to a great concept and latest Dawn of War installment I'm afraid you'll be left sorely disappointed.
76561197970524382,Not Recommended,285190,32753874,Posted: 24 June,all,Sky Marshal,"The game play is solid, but at this point the balance is horrible. If you play as a Space Marine then just load up Dark Crusade and play that, save the money. I wish I had."
,Not Recommended,285190,31414715,Posted: 28 April,all,ShameBoy,"In order to create a false sense of positive reality, they have to employ some sort of damage control.They arent looking to improve the game, they just want to reduce the negetivity surrounding the game and try to salvage as much as possible from this failed product."
76561198036469100,Recommended,285190,31657061,Posted: 9 May,all,The Great Maritime Krab,"I've been enjoying this game a lot. I generally don't write reviews, but I wanted to add my voice to balance all the negativity that I feel is unjustified. I think that most of the negative reviews here are people that haven't put any effort into actually learning the game (it's a lot more fun once you understand what's going on), or people that wanted an exact copy of one of the previous dawn of war games, and didn't get it.The gameplay feels mostly like the original dow, with a couple new/changed game mechanics and hero units with additional abilities added. You develop strategies, fight over the contested resource points in the middle, choose whether to invest in economy vs. units vs. tech, harass, backdoor, etc. just as you would in the original game. The new elite units add power spikes for you to play with and around and increase the importance of microing your army. Most abilities have some degree of counterplay (ex: usually grenades take long enough to fall to move most of your units out of the way), and positioning your units intelligently beforehand (not in one huge pile) can often make the difference between winning and losing a fight.All in all, it's a fun game, particularly with friends, and I recommend it if you enjoy the RTS genre and warhammer universe.  It has also already been patched once, and will presumably continue to receive updates and improve as time goes on."
,Recommended,285190,31420702,Posted: 28 April,all,Wizold Sage,10/10 great game.
,Not Recommended,285190,31479759,Posted: 30 April,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"TL:DNR - The game is a husk of what it once was, sacraficing its unique appeal for trivial mainstream aspects that dont fit the game at all. With the exception of the ork writing, theres no heart in this, at all.I wanted to like this game, and I still play it, but it pales in comparison to Dawn of War 2 in almost every respect. At first I thought the game was a huge improvement, with just a few issues itching at the back of my mind. Now that the nastalgia is gone, I can see there are so many flaws and sacraficed ideas from much better dawn of war games to make a by the numbers formula game.The short story is, they sacrafice more and more to bring in features that are less impressive.-Multiplayer, not really any pros. Theres less unit variety than other games, and really it comes down to a rock paper scisors on whether or not you get ♥♥♥♥ed this game. If you build heavy, you get countered by anti-heavy, if you build that, you get countered by melee, if you build that, you get countered by heavy.-I kid you not, DoW3 is turning the series into a moba. Take out the shield gen, so that way you can hit the towers. Take out the towers so that way you can kill the core. Dawn of war 4 will be League of Legends 2.-Basebuilding is back, yay... but squad placement and cover based tactics are gone completely, booo.-They left in heavy cover, yay ... but it's specific, small nodes that must be captured and are really just a shield. boooo.-The campaign feels like its as well written as DoW2, yay... but the games are just wait on resources to rush the level. what the ♥♥♥♥...Co op campaigns have been completely removed, and campaigns in general have been getting progressively worse and worse since chaos rising.-Chaos Rising was great, but was getting a little weak in the writing.-Retribution didn't even try. They made 1 campaign and literally copy / pasted it 9 times for every race.-DoW3 has a decent story, but zero heart was put into it. It's just the multiplayer against a scripted enemy.Campaigns not only no longer have co op, which was amazing with 2 people, but they also removed the RPG feel to it. Characters feel hollow, and champions are just heavier units, not you actual characters for the story. Levels cap at 10, and really ONLY help you in multiplayer by giving you drasticly better passives for your army. Gone are the level points you got for each hero that made every playthrough unique. Gone are the equiptment loadouts which made each character feel specifically built for the task.Gone are the tactics; No more thinking, just build bodies and throw them at the enemy. If that doesn't work, build armor to throw at the enemy.Games last for ♥♥♥♥ing ever and they aren't really even that fun anymore. DoW 1 / 2 you could pull back a game from having zero resource points by having the better strategy. Welcome to DoW 3, where if you dont have at least 45% of the nodes you may as well give up. As many teams do in my experience.Even a single player campaign game will last upwards of an hour. Dawn of war 2 expected you to be done in 20 min max or they punished you with points. This game if you dont build up nodes, wait half an hour, build up units one at a pain staking time, you really cant get through it. I feel sorry for those that play this on hard.A single player game should not take over an hour, specially when its filled with a vast majority of AFK resource farming. Actual combat and gameplay time shortens the timer to around 10 minutes a level.Tutorials are rediculous, as they teach you things that anyone whos played a game would obviously know. ""This is a medkit, you'll only ever see it here in single player. Were going to harp on these for the entire level"" Yet make no mention of the fact that if you have higher ground it boosts your dps."
76561198005673704,Recommended,285190,31424261,Posted: 28 April,all,Cluster,"I wanna contribute my vote.to the positive side since this doesn't deserve the negativity.Here are some small points I would like to say for the review.Forget your expectations like you did with dawn of war 2 and you will start to see a good game. The game is most certainly missing some features in the form of game modes and maps.I personally feel like the content that is released is enough to call a good game, fun gameplay an great performance at launch is enough to justify the price tag. If you play the campaign you can purchase all the elites of a faction which Removes that barrier for me (after 2 campaign missions I could buy the elites I desired.)The potential for a great game is laid down here guys. It will need support to reach greatness."
,Recommended,285190,31409141,Posted: 27 April,all,Influence_X,"The things I really miss from DOW 1 and 2 are:-Good voice acting-Cover Mechanic-Morale MechanicAs a side note, in single player, it looks like the IG lasgun fires like a stormtrooper blaster, this is disappointing... they're flash lights, not slow beam guns.Other than that it's a pretty fun game, and will probably get better when more races are added."
76561197987103905,Not Recommended,285190,31464375,Posted: 30 April,all,kemian.malanthus,"All in all a terrible game that is way way to grindy and not fun. In DOW2 I have over 200 hours between all the expansions.Way to grindy, in the campaign missions I find myself waiting 10-12 minutes to have the resources to replenish my army. During that time, there is no one really attacking. I literally surf reddit and just check in every few minutes.No autocasting of abilities is horrible. there are WAY to many units on the screen so you can never grab the right unit to use any of the abilities!There is more, but I can't even be bothered to type it all out. I will check back in maybe 6-8 months and see if they fixed any of this for free, or put it behind a pay wall (which is what I expect)"
,Not Recommended,285190,32161751,Posted: 3 June,all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,"This game lacks a lot to say the least and I cannot justify the price to play 3 races and play MOBA style matches which is just stupid and the fact the took out a lot of features from previous titles such as the cover system,soldierxp,hero/elitecustomizations and items and lack of a lot of races from previous titles not even the chaos are playable or the imperial guard for that matter and lack of game modes such last stand would have been good pretty sure it was a hit on DOW2. Pretty much was streamlined for a twitch/esport game which made it worse this game is not a DOW title it is something different and it is not worth the purchase and with all the potential content that they could still put in the game I feel like this will turn out to be a cash grab game which is sad to say because you would think at this point they would know what to include in this series."
76561197998286236,Not Recommended,285190,31485937,Posted: 1 May,all,Dresden,"The engine change is a step in the wrong direction- no cover effects strips the game of any tactical nuance. Map design is uninspired.Really needed a focus on what relic games *used* to be good at - DoW2- the RPG like campaign, or CoH, where squad placement and tactics felt meaningfull and every squad feel wonderfully powerfull when used properly.Getting a heavy bolter set up used to look, feel and sound like death walking, now fades into teh generic background"
,Not Recommended,285190,31558530,Posted: 5 May,all,Bald Eagle,"A huge let down, I enjoyed the first DoW so much. After coming from years of Starcraft II I was hoping for a fresh and exciting RTS experience. This comes far from it, a dumb cover system, battlefocus on Eldar make them near impossible to beat unless you surprise them, linear units, units are too ability reliant, overpowered elites across the board makes for some very dull and drawn out games since you can't engage Macka, Angelos or Weirdboy without being blown to bits even with overwhelming amounts of infantry.Insult to injury they thought it was a good idea to have the game based around kill a core and 3 other structures to win a game. Sorry but I'm already sick of playing MOBA ebjectives, I don't need it in an RTS. The resource gathering system is utterly atrocious, never seen anything so flawed and so limiting than having to be restricted to playing tech heavy or infantry heavy simply due to a location of a power generator or requsition generator or just the mere quantity of said pointsAll in all this game fails on too many aspects on what make an RTS great. It's really sad since starcraft needs a competitor, it hasn't had one for 20 ♥♥♥♥ing years, I'm tired of starcraft but is the only other RTS that actually get things right along with AoE II and the first dawn of war. Yet another title in the RTS genre to dig it's grave in the market."
76561198006641928,Not Recommended,285190,31427024,Posted: 28 April,all,McPanzer,"I wanted a RTS, and I got a MOBA. The hero units are drastically overpowered in comparison with normal units which almost entirely invalidates any strategy put into army composition. They hero units are cool, they really are, but more games than not devolve into a turtle-fest waiting for higher end elite units. Even then, almost every game ends with hero units beating the crap out of each other with little to no regard for your normal units. Biggest let down of 2017 so far =(. Played 20+ hours of open beta."
,Recommended,285190,31426875,Posted: 28 April,all,Temperus Maximus     [Bossdrum],"I was tentative at best about this, mainly because of how different DOW2 was from DOW1. Wondered how DOW 3 would fit in.It's different. It's a little bit of DOW1, with a little bit of DOW2. There's base/army building. There's elite units. There's superpowers. It's a fun mixed bag.Some of the Voice work for the Dreadnought/Tactical Marine could be better, they kind of pail in comparison to Davian Thule, then again most things do.Gabriel doing a frontflip in Termi Armour is a little daft, but it's a good gap closer and it's bloody useful if you're bogged down in orks/banshees/other. At the very least it's interesting.The lack of a cover system had me concerned but I don't miss it. Your forces are (comparatively) weaker than in the previous games meaning you have to actively take care as to what is being shot at and to actively avoid projectiles as opposed to just tanking and healspamming.If you like the story of Dawn of War, if you like a good RTS, then you'll enjoy it.If you enjoy whining about how this isn't a carbon copy of Dark Crusade or Sh*tStorm then you'll hate it.I actually had a little difficulty completing some aspects of the campaign (Unlike 1&2), where it came really down to the wire which was thoroughly enjoyable.I'm genuinely curious as to whether the droves of people calling this a MOBA have actually ever played a MOBA. It is the complete opposite, No creeps, no leveling up abilities in game, build a base + economy, build an army, upgrade army, blow everlasting crap out of other armies... Sure there's turrets so you can't zerg rush cheap units into an undefended base within the first 5-10mins anymore but I'll take a newb friendly over removing a meh tactic."
76561198019520387,Recommended,285190,31505131,Posted: 2 May,all,marky-boy-93,"At first i hated it, Now i cant stop playing..needs a better variety of game  modes"
,Not Recommended,285190,31410747,Posted: 28 April,all,Grooted®™,"ill say this: its not even like a moba imo. runs well, gameplay is somewhat good and orks have good dialogue.its not worth 90AUD. at all. guess if i want content ill have to get TWWH2 from CA (seeming i have the first one, ill get all races on a combined map apparently).cant say anything about MP as i never got DOW for it, apart from Last Stand.purely based on bang for buck, and what seems to be a eventual pay for unlocks (yet to see if that happens, i hope not) i cant recommend. unless you really like orks."
76561198027944360,Recommended,285190,31412423,Posted: 28 April,all,Dracon,Great Warhammer 40000 game.  It's fun!
76561197994988120,Recommended,285190,31412793,Posted: 28 April,all,Proot,"Game is fast paced, varied and a very fun experience. I can definately reccomend it."
76561198035564011,Not Recommended,285190,31412446,Posted: 28 April,all,Kalo,"Downloaded,played 20 minutes,realised I already had League of Legends so refunded"
76561197960454877,Not Recommended,285190,32520734,Posted: 17 June,all,KumaKage,"they need to bring last stand mode into this game. thats the only thing i've been thirsting for since soulstorm. im not the biggest fan of the route they are gonig down, but the last stand in DOW 2 at least made it worthwhile.while i recommend picking up the game for future content, at the current time, i fidn the game has an unfinished, alpha stage feel to it, as has become the norm in the DLC era.at this point only pick up the game if you want a very basic unfinished warhammer 40k game, otherwise, wait until they release the product in the form that it should be in."
76561198006521107,Not Recommended,285190,31909116,Posted: 22 May,all,Pope,"Get if you want a MOBA with WH:40K, Dont get it if you want it to play like any other DOW."
76561198120168835,Not Recommended,285190,31398132,Posted: 27 April,all,NrG PhuK,I must say.... hmmm.... I really like the customization of campaign hero character from the previous game. This is just no the Dawn of War I was expecting :(
76561198014716278,Not Recommended,285190,31840146,Posted: 19 May,all,Danck,"I love Dawn of War 2. The one good thing that Dawn of War 3 brought with it, was that me and my friend remembered that we love Dawn of War 2 so we replayed it and sadly it was too late to refund Dawn of War 3."
76561197990803683,Recommended,285190,31461586,Posted: 30 April,all,Dena,"I wrote almost for 30 minutes for a review and then it disappeared, so this time i just put on PROS, CONS and summary.+ Runs smooth. I got a bit above average computer and on high settings it sits at 60 fps+ (quick) matchmaking works fast. Longest time i have waited is around a minute. Hard to say how even matching is, because game is so new.+ Old school lobby system available+ Only one mode. Each new mode divides the playerbase, making matchmaking worse. Let them wait and see if playerbase stays solid (currently 16k online). Add modes if there are enough players to keep it working.+ Only few maps. Rather got balanced maps than a ton of bad ones. Currenly the maps seem ok. Need to remember that maps divide playerbase too, if players leave maps unchecked. Let them build more maps later.+ Balance. I find balance ok for a launch. If you have played dow 1 and 2, you know what i mean. If you come from Blizzard RTS, then you might disagree. After collecting some MP data, im sure they will fine tune this.+ Freshness. Loaning from MOBAS (multiplayer online battle arena), but not being one. This game is something between Dow 1 and 2. Has micro in form of elites, which you can field 3 at a time, but also involving macro.+ Doctrines and elite choises. Opens up interesting tactics and can personalize playstyle.- UI needs tweaking. Currently controlling units is harder than it has to be- Units are too small/similar looking. In the heat of battle its very hard to controll troops, because they look similar.- Cant customize keys. Mind you though, Dow 1 or 2 didnt have this either. Had to download gridkey.- Price. PC players are not used to paying 59 euros for a game. Also i cant remember a successfull MP focused game that had succeeded with a price tag like that. This kind of games lives off by playerbase and launch is crucial for the survival of the game.SUMMARYI felt this game needs a fair review and explanation why it has mixed status in steam. Only 55% currently recommends this on steam. I guess the reason is that most of the early buyers come from Dow 1 and 2. They were waiting for something similar with upgraded graphics and proper balance. This is something between those two and with a fresh breath. I think that if it had been named anything else but Dawn of War, it would receive around 85% recommendation rate. If you come with an open mind, i think you will enjoy the game. Im long term RTS player and i find this game worth the buy. 60 euros is a bit too much for a pc game, but if you are able to pass the price, and like RTS, im quite sure you will find this game entertaining.Im sure the game will receive further support if playerbase stays solid. Currently there is 16 000 players online, which is ok. I used to enjoy dawn of war 2 with only 2 000 players online. In its current state, i would score this a solid 8."
76561198006599968,Not Recommended,285190,32750076,Posted: 24 June,all,Corax,"I cant get into this, I really wanted to but its just not as good as the previous games. Unit creation seems messy and I do not like not being able to choose what faction I play in the campaign. The skirmish seems at best meh at worst dull. Its not an aweful game just inferior to the previous ones as it does not do anything well.Dawn of War 1 was a great Command and Conquer style game in the 40k universe and this fails to do that.Dawn of War 2 was immersive squad based game and I just dont get the same on this.Its almost as if they have taken the worst aspects of both previous games and ran with it.Graphically its ok but has not wow'd me and I have not played enough to comment properly on the story arch."
76561198044769760,Not Recommended,285190,31418053,Posted: 28 April,all,o0Jester,"Falls so far short of the other games in the series. If you're looking for a good Warhammer game, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,285190,31414787,Posted: 28 April,all,Yintoo,"Overall Rating[/h1]8/10 I would recommend this game to any DoW fan and most RTS fans as well.Review[/h1]DoW 3 takes a smattering from both DoW 1 and DoW 2 to come into it's own. First of all, this isn't a MOBA, and people who are saying that are wrong. It is still an RTS. In fact, DoW 3 improves on some common complaints of the RTS genre by introducing the mechanics that are causing people to call it a MOBA. Instead of requiring you to destroy 100% of the enemy, which often can be frustrating when you know you've won but the enemy won't concede, you must destroy a power core. This core is protected by turrets, which are in turn protected by shield generators, similar to towers in a lane in a MOBA. This not only prevents wasted time at the end of a match when everyone knows the outcome, but the turrets help to prevent early cheese as well.The cover system that you know from CoH and DoW 2 is not here. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, Starcraft doesn't have a cover system either. This is no longer a game about microing 4 squads. Instead you are microing up to 3 ""elites"" and then your army, much more similar to DoW 1. The elites are varied and all fit well thematically. You get most of the units you would expect.The only downside right now is that DoW 3 decided to ship with only 3 factions, Space Marines, Orks, Eldar. I really wish they would have included a 4th, since the past two games have as well. I fully expect to see DLC or expansions that add more races, and hopefully more multiplayer maps.Overall, DoW 3 combines DoW 1 and 2 into something new. The campaign is interesting, the gameplay is solid, the graphics are on point. My only gripes are the lack of more races (which will be corrected eventually), and the UI is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (which won't stop me from playing and enjoying the game). If you have any love for Warhammer, or RTS's, please help keep the genre and this franchise alive by purchasing, and enjoying, DoW 3."
76561198022341716,Not Recommended,285190,31585786,Posted: 6 May,all,HenTie,"Good part and bad partI am quite experienced dawn of war (1,2) series player as well as many RTS player.Good part1) Battle scale became larger than DOW2 and comparable to DOW1Large scale battle is encouraged by resource input increment during game play.2) Modest graphic and display3) Various types of units realized and functioning wellBad part - which is so many1) Details so much lack - voice acting, sound effect, unit animation are significantly lower quality than DOW2.I would not describe those because so many people got greatly disappointed how not great these aspects are.DOW2 in fact had really nicely done in those aspects. DOW3 is AAA priced game, no excuse.2) Unit balance is not well shorted out - compared to DOW1, unit dies way too quick.Such squad based unit control + warhammer 40k universe based RTS should encourage lengthened battlebut it just feels like one of Starcraft 2 aimed RTS game.Even the strongest elite unit can die within a few seconds in late game balance and this reduces nobility of elite unitsand most of walker units - which makes those unit's maximum capability signiciantly limited to early side of game.3) Lack of contents in single play campaignThere is only 3 races as well as several missions with unneccesarily long length for each.It is nearly half of DOW1 which in fact had very short lengthand it is far below compared to DOW1 expensions that did really well in length and diversity.Considering the price, this game is supposed to have both good single play and multiplay.I am not really disappointed but slightly because so many people told this game is quite bad.I think it is modest enough and considering the fact that RTS games are not quite going up in recent days,it does have some play value.What the developers should do is1) Patches to fix current problem - especially bugs and UI2) Wider mod support3) Additional contents without significant charge - seriously already releasing DLC is just ♥♥♥♥ing out of mindfor such short length and contents game.Also user support is pretty horrible.I tried installing god damn game for 3 times with unknown error for starting game and I could not findany form of support for solving this problem what so ever."
,Not Recommended,285190,31456979,Posted: 29 April,all,killakallies,"TL:DR Skip it, if you love 40k and need it... wait till it's $10-15.The micro management required to utilize your units in even the smallest of battles made me want to throw something. Also I should forewarn that the internet is likely to be overflowing with rage quit videos from those who think there might be some sort of autosave or checkpoint system. (because there's not)I loved DoW 2 and I really went into this game with a ""It's not DoW 2 it's something new...ignore the bad reviews and just give it a shot, hey you like CoH 2 and this kind of looks like that!""... Just don't... Just... don't.If you REALLY REALLY REALLY need to experiance it and are going to buy the game anyways just remember to try and test a little of everything the game has to offer in the first 2 hours playing the game, as chances are you're going to want to return this junk at some point. Don't end up like one of the positive reviewers only saying ""this games pretty good actually"" because they're past the 2 hour return window and are trying to justify this $60 pile in their head."
76561198303098752,Not Recommended,285190,31910786,Posted: 22 May,all,Oswald Mosley,"Awful, the space marines waddle around like ducks... how did they get this far into development without realising the main antagonists look as threatening as ducks."
,Not Recommended,285190,31418380,Posted: 28 April,all,EK ¦ VAArtemchuk,"At first, I thought that this game is a bad joke. In a little while I've started planning something very bloody for devs. I'll keep it in hope that this anormous amount of bad reviews will wake devs up and they'll make something about all the sh** going wrong about this game, but most likely I'll refund it. This game is a total disaster for me. DOW fan in me recieved a wound so terrible that only HIs will can save me now from falling into darkness of chaos. They've thrown away all the good things from both of the previous games and added bad ones.Emperor cries looking at you, relics, but I believe that there is a salvation for you. But you'll have to work hard for that."
,Not Recommended,285190,31430676,Posted: 28 April,all,Funkmaster,"I'll try and keep this short... If you think you might like this game, then by all means; buy it, set a timer for 2 hours once it's installed, find the mode that will be your bread and butter (online or fighting AI) and give it a go.It's not a bad game, but I personally didn't find it doing anything better than DoW 1 or 2 did. If you're looking for a massive skirmish in full RTS style, the first. If you want better graphics (than 3 too) and tactical gameplay, go for 2. Lorewise, it doesn't work at all; I wasn't sure about the idea of towers at first, gigantic gun emplacements are a pretty common element in the 40K universe, too bad they're a generic 'magic' based turret which feels like it was added by ctrl+v. Sync kills... Those epic kill moves you'd see popping up from time to time in a battle are no more. It's really a disappointment since these moments, at least to me, defined this game within the genre (it once existed in). I saw a defiler crush and throw a guardsmen aside like a doll and from that moment on I was sold on the game. There were some good moments in my experience with DoW III; the Imperial Knight really is a sight to behold, but watching it stomp up and down the battlefield with glowing hot gattling cannons will only stay fun for so long.As its own game, it brings an interesting concept with some MOBA elements that will definitely bring about some Deja Vu if you're not new to the genre (e.g. the way all the units stop as the camera snaps to an exploding power core at the end of the game). It's not neccessarily a bad thing, but DoW III taught me something - it's really hard to play a MOBA and an RTS at the same time. I've played enough SCII, DoW & LoL to know it's not just me, it's difficult to explain, but the game's clunky camera, interface & control system makes it a real challenge to effectively use unit abilities (the only thing keeping them from being fodder), hero abilities (akin to a MOBA), manage build queues, and keep track of resource generation. There's also a notable lack of content; though the workshop is busy catching up, there were 8 maps included at release. Factor in the 3 races (which will certainly be bolstered with DLC) and I couldn't see this how this game could possibly avoid feeling repetitive somewhere in the 20-40 hour range."
76561197964557056,Not Recommended,285190,31841925,Posted: 19 May,all,Bwhoop,Nothing like the play in the other series. Just another RTS that so complicated it must have been built for E-Sports. If you dont use every move on every unit you will loose. Casual play is not even fun.
76561197999566493,Not Recommended,285190,31526618,Posted: 3 May,all,Bound4Earth,"Long story short, not a terrible game, but nothing compared to Dawn of War 1 and it is decimated by Dawn of War 2. Why they removed loot from the game is beyond me. It isn't the copy pasted levels that one of the Dawn of War 2 expansions had, but with gameplay so heavily invested in elites thatare far from balanced across the board. It makes me want to play that copy pasted DoW 2 expansion that I hated over this because at least it had loot, a great story, and mechanics to juggle outside of missions, and an actual campaign. If you decide to dothe whole Warcraft III forcing players to play every racee in a campaign, at least make it an experience that is worthy of going that route. Even Blizzard have stopped doing this. I have only played a handful of missions, but when I found out it was only 17 I realized why they went the non-race based campaign route. They could rush it out much faster.TL;DR: Not a terrible game, but far from what made Dawn of War an epic series. They took it out back shot it, let it bleed out, cut off its arms and legs, added elites and released it anyway. Where the ♥♥♥♥ is the loot Relic?Edit: After finishing the campaign, I wish I could vote this game down even more. Absolutely no replayability unless you like a less fun and very unbalanced League of Legends. Mediocre story that ends in a puff of smoke."
76561198006596936,Recommended,285190,31412744,Posted: 28 April,all,Zuiko,"I am really enjoying it, ive played Dow 1 and 2 and enjoyed them as well, its a diffrent gameplay, but not deserving of all these neg reveiws."
,Not Recommended,285190,31545480,Posted: 4 May,all,G1 VapeKing.co.za,Dumbed down. Uninspired. Limited multiplayer. Not for me.
76561198030588922,Not Recommended,285190,31467912,Posted: 30 April,all,danceswithgerbals,"Well I am a little disappointed. I still have hope for the game, but I was definitely wanting more on the base building front. I loved DoW 1 and was hoping for more base building elements and defensive tactics than this game currently provides. As it stands there is very little defensive nature to this game. If you want the strong base, with a static line throwing out withering amounts of firepower while another force pushes the enemy base, this is not it. You can have elements of that, but not much. Each race has between 5-7 buildings total. Thats it. If you want a feel for the game play, think DoW 2, take your end of campaign OP heros and put them in the DoW 2 multiplayer where you try and destroy each others HQ's. Add in a few more buildings and you have DoW 3. It has a strong MOBA feel to it. While not a pure MOBA, the game relies heavily on elites that are supported by your other units. Unlike the other DoW titles though, you don't get to customize your elites, so no wargear upgrades for them. Units also felt a little bland to me as well. The choices you get per side have very limited load outs and many of their special abilities require manuel control. Manuel control is not new or unique to rts games and in general I think they are just fine if not good, but DoW 3 is going for maximum carnage with heavy elites so don't expect to get much done with your infantry before they get turned into red mist by a heavy walker. It feels like they were just trying to push the ""elites"" angle and all the other units are just there to get destroyed and show off how powerful the elites really are.Some people will love this game and I couldn't be happier for them. Like I said I still have hope. Hopefully they will see that lots of people WANT more instead of less and will add it in with subsequent dlc (lets face it: there will be dlc, it will cost more money, and it will simply add content that should have been given at initial release). For me this game could be golden if they would change/add a few things. 1) Better cover system (new one is garbage). As it currently stands there are bunker ""spots"" that infantry can occupy where they are invulnerable to shooting until it is destroyed. Heavy weapons wreck these spots in seconds, you can't repair them or rebuild them, and when they are gone they are gone forever. Also, there are a pathetic amount given on each multiplayer map, so they are gone in about the first 10 minutes of game play. 2) Add turrets for base defense if nothing else. 3) Add a balancing element between heavy elites and the cannon fodder (which happens to be everything else), this could be a new tank for each side that doesn't go down in 3 seconds, cover changes could help, turrets could help, making elites less OP is also an option.I love warhammer in all of its forms: Table top, video games, online battle reports, etc, but DoW 3 was a bit of a let down for me. I am not calling it garbage, but it also doesn't feel complete for me as well. I would hold off buying it till dlc is released and then the game goes on sale. Also, they could make a great change by opening it up to the moding community and steam workshop so that a lot of these changes could be user driven."
76561198027279234,Not Recommended,285190,32735107,Posted: 24 June,all,TheEmptyBottle,"An okay game, got it on release with no regrets. If anything, it renewed my love for starcraft 2 and I also went back to replay DOW 1"
,Not Recommended,285190,32152137,Posted: 3 June,all,Nanjam,"I know I don't have many hours on record, but I have seen more than enough to say that the only good thing about this game is the visuals.""Warhammer"" this does not feel at all like a warhammer game, rather like a lazy mishmash of the most populare elements from other games that just doesn't work well here. Relic should feel ashamed for realeasing a warhammer game like this."
76561198006324733,Not Recommended,285190,34845449,Posted: 9 September,all,Razz,"BORING is the best way to decribe this game. I got it for 50% off and I still feel ripped off paying that much for it. Very limited on buildings and units. The single player mode feels rushed and pathetic. It's like they made a multiplayer game and then added the single player on at the last minute. By far the best of the dawn of war series, is the original. If you have to buy this game, then wait until the steam christmas sale and hope its at 95% off."
76561198052810395,Not Recommended,285190,31551237,Posted: 4 May,all,Garrthos,"A quick list on where this game stands, as a single player experience. Note I'm not including things like graphics or sound because, let's be honest, it's 2017 and that's no longer a wow factor - it's expected.PROS:-familiar layout for returning DoW players.-friendly hotkeys that make sense.-large number of skillshots from heroes, few passive bonuses.-unit and army compositions are relatively intuitive, no need to look up what something does on the internet.-codex is very detailed and useful.-interesting post-mission experience and reward system.-ork humor.CONS:-campaign is too short. 17 missions spread between 3 factions means ~5 missions each, which is pretty weak.-suffers from the same wonky campaign path as prior installments, where you swap factions every mission whether it makes sense or not. if this fit into a grand sweeping story, it might be different, however...-storytelling is extremely vague, generic and draws heavily from prior titles.-every mission is just a wait until you get get a deathball of units and attack-move across the map.-no base defenses. personal preference, but EVERY mission relies on the strength of your troops, and none on your tactical ability to blunt attacks. buildings in this installment feel like an afterthought.-power spikes. all three factions unlock their ""mega unit"" around the same time, which wrecks entire armies. i didn't even use angelos or goregutz in the last few full missions because they got totally outscaled by a unit i got for free and had no attachment to.My list of cons goes on, and it all seems to come back to the idea that this game couldn't decide what it wanted to be, and I'm a DoW veteran player. I got tossed into a story that... sort of made sense. I watched an hour of still-frame cutscenes with voice overs that, again, kind of made sense but were truly forgettable. I got ping ponged around between factions, where I felt like I was piloting a hero through the motions instead of taking part in an adventure. I couldn't feel my characters getting stronger or myself getting better, because the ADD driven format made it impossible to tell, as I got whisked off to a different faction's mission every time I felt like I might be getting into the story.Finishing the campaign was a chore. I'll be honest, I stopped ""watching"" (listening) to the extras during mission briefings  because it was just so dull. I didn't feel anything when I beat it. I didn't feel proud, sad it was over, happy I accomplished it, nothing. I didn't feel anything for the characters, except for Balthazar, who delivered the only line in the game that was inspiration during the second to last mission. I don't feel any inclination to go back through and play the game on hard, finish getting the achievements, or multiplayer.TL;DR: This game lacks subtlety, storytelling that makes the player feel involved or invested, and is unrelatably alien in a very disappointing way. It is a forgettable experience that doesn't offer any level of replayability. Don't be drawn in with pretty screenshots and paid reviewers at IGN - you could give this game lime juice dialysis and throw it in a pool of battery acid and it would still be basic."
,Not Recommended,285190,31465413,Posted: 30 April,all,LinkinsRepeater,"I really like campaigns in RTS games, but Dawn of War III let me down, it is just a big tutorial, even 4--5 missions in.Also the fact that you're switching race on the fly in campaign is annoying, If I wanna play Space Marines only let me play it, but no the first mission you play as Space marines, second mission as orcs, etc.I don't like this."
76561197963553563,Not Recommended,285190,32584662,Posted: 19 June,all,Bubble Bobble,Very short campaign
,Not Recommended,285190,34414058,Posted: 22 August,all,Corinarh,"Dead game, for real dead since devs got hired by Microsoft to ruin their own franchise - Age of Empires, and no longer works on any updates and dlcs. Also they sent out -50% coupon for everyone to get some monnies from people who didn't know about cluster♥♥♥♥ aka ""Dawn of War 3"""
76561197962769228,Not Recommended,285190,31785008,Posted: 16 May,all,Ecksen,"Bought the game before thinking; based on having loved the previous DoW games. Disappointment doesn't cover it. An extra insult to multiplayer battles that you have to grind the game for xp on factions & various character/heroes, to unlock more abilities and skills. IE, you won't be on equal footing with someone who invests sheer time into it, which can be done against mindless AI.Grinding for skins, animations and whatever - fine. But not for actual game mechanics in an RTS."
,Not Recommended,285190,31661999,Posted: 10 May,all,Rileye,"I feel everyone involved in the creation of this game needs to sit back and remember what it is like to make a good warhammer game, it takes time to make a good one, this game seems rushed, its frustrating to play, it hurts to give it a bad review but i really tried so hard to like this game."
76561197993967344,Not Recommended,285190,33009031,Posted: 29 June,all,StormBlast,"I looked forward to this game for a while before the release after really enjoying DoW II and Chaos Rising, but was hesitant after reading initial reviews not recommending the game. I waited until the summer sale and got it for a bit of a discount. I still really regret the purchase even with the discount I got. Absolutely terrible gameplay. If you enjoyed DoW II, this game is actually nothing like it at all. The squad leaders are now called ""Elites"" and have to be unlocked with skull points you get from completing campaign missions. They're much weaker than the old squad leaders and have very few abilities they can use. After taking too much fire, the Elite unit has to leave the battle and go back to base (oh yeah, you have a base now.... great..) to heal - which takes a LONG time. The bulk of your force are now conscripted units that you have to build using different buildings in your base and you just spam them at the enemy. They're weak and die a lot, so you just keep pumping them out and blobbing. No more strategy required. Just send your units to an area, use your Elite for crowd control until they need to leave battle and wait. You also have to harvest and manage resources. There are 3 campaigns for Space Marine, Ork and Eldar except you can't choose which one to play, each mission you play a different race. I don't like the way it kills the momentum that way. Overall, the game is awful for any price and is nothing like the old games. I get they wanted to bring the game into a new generation (or something) but this was awfully executed. This game will let you down about as badly as C&C 4 did. I would advise against purchasing this game, you won't find any redeeming qualities to save this pile of garbage."
76561198005552780,Not Recommended,285190,31500043,Posted: 1 May,all,ordoxenosraven,This game is just wrong :(
76561198016405573,Not Recommended,285190,31694201,Posted: 11 May,all,Veovin,"I'm frustrated with how little content there is available from the get go. I'm also frustrated with the fact that the developers dumbed down the game in just about every category and took away franchise defining attributes. I'll also point out that the game feels like the devs are doing this helicopter parenting effect where all challenge and will to improve one's self is being smothered with hand holding. Theres an inversion here for age of appropriateness for the content(violence) and the age level for technical challenge. I really considered gifting this to my seven year old because that is the level of technical content the dev's targeted; extremely basic reading content, no cover system(what is in this game is not a cover system), and some really basic combined arms theory. I didn't give it to him because the game is insanely violent(If you bought this or any other DoW for a child maybe one day you too can know the awkwardness of a child running about at a christmas party with a B&D toy chainsaw yelling ""for chaos"" or other similar cry}, which leaves me with a game that doesn't challenge me in any enjoyable way and leaves me feeling like I'm in kindergarten. I'm not stupid, the gaming community is not stupid and quite frankly this is insulting to pay 60.00 for this pile of remedial horse scato, there's more challenge to be found at throwing a stick in a river and watching it drift away... kind of like my money.There's a reason why this game has a poor community opinion and its well deserved."
76561198015281374,Not Recommended,285190,31736461,Posted: 13 May,all,Malakhar,"Hi Guys,So I really tried to like this game, but I can't get behind it right now.Pros:The script is top notch, I love it.Animations cuts and how it looked, AmazingYou feel like you are fighting back the tide of Xenos Threat!The Blood Ravens are neat.Cons:Micro Controls - Press Q on this unit to do this special thing. That you should do so you can save your dudes.Have to capture resource points, feels like it takes forever to set them up.Way too many hot keys.Can't play the campaign as a specific faction, you play all three and you rotate between them.The Inquisition are jerks"
76561198193698678,Not Recommended,285190,31495336,Posted: 1 May,all,baldarobert1987,"The game is not bad,but not good either,a bit boring and there's not a lot of content in there.The graphics and the sounds are good but the gameplay is lackluster,there are some good ideas but a lot of bad ones too.The worst of all is that this is not a real RTS but a VERY strange hybrid between an RTS and a MOBA.I expected much more,this is the worst game in the trilogy.Going back to play Dark Crusade....again."
76561197975424998,Not Recommended,285190,31450107,Posted: 29 April,all,TDATL,"The game runs decent. Props on that.But, the game has two big problems. The first is pretty straight forward and the second more complicated.===1. The game animations and art style don't match the tone of the source material. Things like heavy bolter marines practically flopping around when they fire, lascannons being turned into some sort of squirt guns, and the clunky cartoon way Gabriel Angelos looks and moves.  None of that makes sense. If this sort of weird behavior was limited to the orks it would be one thing. But the space marines shouldn't act like that.The near complete removal of kill syncs hurt. But, could be forgiven if the rest of the art and tone wasn't such a let down.I doubt that such a large scale art restyle is going to happen so this is a pretty huge negative to me.====The second issue is that the game doesn't seem to know what it is.  This has three sub issues.-Is it a generic moba?  The map design seems to think so.-Is it a large scale Apocalypse/Supreme Commander style game?  The scale of the units and lack of squad detail seem to think so.-Is it a game about managing and positioning small tactical battles?  The user interface seems to think so.The maps suffer from being near completely uninteresting, incredibly linear, and the new cover system is complete ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥  This, I imagine, could be fixed if you got rid of the current maps, made some decent ones, and introduced a cover  system that wasn't a waste of space. A pretty tall order but doable compared to the latter two problems.===The game's UI and combat scale either needsA. To be robust enough to make the game a Apocalypse/SupCom style battle where the line units near indistinguishable masses at the feet of the major units. That is the only way squads lacking a Sargent and whole teams getting plasma guns and similar oddities makes sense. But the games UI and map design just doesn't make that level of play reasonable.B. For the scale of the battle too be brought down and the unit/squad detail brought up. The UI was clearly designed with tactical play in mind. Listing each squad at the bottom, Individual squad upgrades, and manually targeted individual activated squad abilities only make sense if this is a tactical battle. But the game is scaled for a larger battle.The big problem here is which way does the game go? The two scales are mutually exclusive. It needs to either be a good large scale game or a good small scale game. If it doesn't pick a scale it will continue to suck at both."
,Not Recommended,285190,31636568,Posted: 8 May,all,Alesi Brocl,"-the story is not up to par-the characters do stupid things for no reason other then ""plot""-gameplay is ok, med packs are still a dumb ideawwaaaaayyyyy too many eldar missions, should have a few more space marine missions given that the rest of the series -was about the blood ravens chapter-the titans only are used at the near end of the story which is odd given the marketing was all about them-over all about a 4/10 if i had to say, i expeceted more expansion on the story of it all and having the eldar take up a majority of the story was a really odd and bad choice in my mind, i feel like they should have focused more on each character in 3 diffrent campaigns instead of the one solid one we were given, similar to dow 2 ret. only with more units which is one of the positives of this game, i hated only having like, 4 units against an army and this game fixes that, only sacrifced the rest of everything that made dow and the rest of 40k awesome in my, and many others, minds, it just doesnt feel dow at the end, it come together too fast overall, just not what i think the seires deserves and i hope to god they are able to make it better later on in either this, or the next game, more story is for sure needed here, and i wont spoil anything, but i think the ending is next to nothing, its almost worse then a cliff hanger for me, its like they were going to explain what else happened but then just didnt, thats my 2 cents on it though, oh and one more thing, this game does crash, not too often, only happened like 4 times for me, but it does happen at the worst times, so make sure to save or quick save-summary, if you all want to build the story a little bit or just want to have a good WAAGGHH! this game will hold you over, just dont expect it to be the best in the series, its not. but for new players? get dow dark crusade or maybe the first dow to understand the plot of the games, this is not the one you should start with at all. overall, thumbs down if i have to, sorry brothers and sisters.*quick update* if you want big battles in dow, get soulstorm and download this modhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/ultimate-apocalypse-modno story with the mod but more units and more battles then this game has"
76561197981732130,Not Recommended,285190,31475585,Posted: 30 April,all,Aki,"This game was a huge let down for me. Units feel like they lack variation, cover is gone, elites are underwhelming and oh, I cannot play the campaign past mission 3 as upon completing the objectives it crashes. Despite trying various fixes and petitioning support for help, I am unable to play the game. Very disappointed."
76561198105778271,Not Recommended,285190,31833546,Posted: 18 May,all,Deadly_Teddy,"I really want to like this game ... but unfortunately I can't recommend it. It is not a RTS, for this it has too much micro-management. Neither is it the unique blend of RTS and RPG that I was used from this series. It tries everything and fails.The worst part is that multiplayer is already dead. Stay away folks!"
76561197971851423,Not Recommended,285190,31496443,Posted: 1 May,all,Tony Flare,"Nice reskin of Starcraft 2, i gues...In all respect, not worth the hefty pricetag, and a big step back from DOW 1, and 2.I refunded, maybe i will pick it up when it goes on sale with all the DLC.And oh, there WILL be DLC, lack of races reeks of it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31445888,Posted: 29 April,all,Its Gankdalf,"This game was like for the first 10 min, had me like OH MY GOD ITS DAWN OF WAR 3 YAYYY. Then i played the campaign which was like ehh its alright for the story even though its kindof weve seen it all before lol but ya know its not bad. HOWEVER the multiplayer is absaloute crap. And it kinda makes me sad inside because i have waited years for dawn of war 3. After playing 1 and 2 for years ive always been like are we ever gonna get a third installment. People have been crying for this game (like theyve been crying for half life 3 but thats never gonna happen is it) and i was so hyped i was like YES YES YES wait three races only? Oh itle still be good no... What i saw is a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of starcraft. (Even though starcraft copied warhammer 40k style and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ But starcraft is a fantastic game with fantastic story and races and stuff. Warhammer is a 1000 times bigger and better than that. So why has dawn of war 3 copied starcraft (3 races only and the multiplayer well come to in a sec) and the maps are just small and mirrored and essentially its dota 2, heroes of the storm, except your in control of all the minions thats what the game feels like especially in multiplayer. Now multiplayer has only 1 gamemode which is ripped out of all the MOBA'S that exist and fester themselves as the absaloute cancer of the gaming industry. Its a shame and the multiplayer maps, theres only 8 of them and they are smaller than a ♥♥♥♥ing middle school and they are mirrored, so theres no uniqness to the maps at all. Its all the same with 3 ♥♥♥♥ing lanes like MOBA'S. I dont think anyone asked for this game at all. They were asking for dawn of war 3 not Warhammer 40k MOBA ONLINE! So why have the devs done this? Also the Pictures on steam do NOT match the game. The pictures on the steam store page show DAWN OF WAR 3. A HUGE LOT OF ARMIES AND A ♥♥♥♥ING MASSIVE WAR GOING ON. IT SHOWS NOTHING OF THE STUPID MOBA ASSETS AND THE STUPID MULTIPLAYER. Also the units are so micromanagable which is annoying. And theres a whole lot of other♥♥♥♥♥♥i could mention but im not going to because that would be about another page and a ♥♥♥♥ing half. Sigh im just ashamed that this game this GREAT FRANCHISE KNOWN AS DAWN OF WAR got absaloutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by its own company. IF you like starcraft and dota 2 and top down rpgs because thats what this feels like it dosent really feel like an rts game. Can i just say the base building is pointless tbh. For each faction you only get 4 buildings. Yeah. But if you like starcraft if you like halo wars lol because thats what this feels like to be honest starcraft, DOTA 2, halo wars if you like them then buy it. If you want a proper and chaotic and fun rts that is based on a great franchise, if your expecting Dawn of war, dont buy it you will end up dissapointed."
76561198029901013,Not Recommended,285190,31463934,Posted: 30 April,all,Puff Jiggy,wtf? an RTS where you have to grind out games for units? you serious? How is this fair for playing other races? I have to sink 20-30 hours just for units? WHY?can't change hot keys?What kind of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥RTS is this?What a dissapointment.No way in HELL will this ever be an esport game. Why was this even released at this state? This is ALPHA at BEST.
,Not Recommended,285190,31407776,Posted: 27 April,all,BearAttackMan,"Player: ""It's over, Gabriel! The fans have the high ground!""Gabriel: ""You underestimate my power!""Player: ""Don't try it!""Angelos attempts to do a spinning frontflip towards the player, but due to the sheer physical impossibility of performing such a feat in full Terminator armor, he falls short and breaks off both his legs and an arm in the impact. Dazed, he slowly crawls foward with his remaining limb, the pauldron on his shoulder slowly changing from the noble Blood Ravens standard to the insignia of the Terrans from Starcraft. Distraught, the player cries out;""You were the chosen one!""They sob. ""It was said you were to overtake the Starcraft series,not become it!...bring the RTS genre into a new age of glory, not leave it in darkness!...You were my brother, Dawn of War!...I loved you!""Gabriel:""I HATE YOOOOUUU!!!""As if sparking a synapse of fate, the declaration ends with the immediate following of a flame catching on Gabriel's armor. The shiny lead based coating, though pretty and approachable, proves to be a disastrous undoing, and the body begins to burn. Bright crimson hues fade to blue, and the Astarte's transformation into a Terran Marine is complete in less than a few seconds. Unable to watch any further, the player turns away from the piercing screams and walks away, stopping only briefly to retrieve the fallen Thunderhammer off the ground, and proceeds back to the lands of Soulstorm and Retribution.Real Review:The game certainly has its merits, but if you're a long time Warhammer/Dawn of War fan, such as myself, you may find this a very hard game to swallow. The ""base building"" we were so excited to see come back is instead a disorganized mess. Each building makes about two to four different units, and there's no generic infantry barracks/boyz hut or whatever, so you're just planting these things like lawn gnomes just to crank out later tier units. It actually makes me wish I had only one building like in Dawn of War 2 so I could concentrate more on micro-managing my army,which is clearly what this game wants me to prioritize, and not have to memorize which buildings build what, and how best to decorate my stupid front lawn!There's no synch kills, no sergeants, no buildable turrets, no fourth race, and only one multiplayer mode. As is, the game feels like a huge step backward in literally every way.BUT WE HAVE TITANS NOW, can't deny that they're pretty cool.And that's not even starting on the lore breaking atrocities commited against these characters, such as the former mentioned acrobatic terminators, the repeating shot lascannons, Deff Dreads that sound like they're piloted by Gretchin; hell, I'm almost surprised they didn't slap multi-lasers on every Space Marine vehicle for a complete CS Goto experience.And to those of you who don't consider yourselves Dawn of War or Warhammer enthusiasts and are curious about the game, I'd still tell you to wait until a sale. With only three races available and the content as limited as it is right now at launch, I feel like you'd be improperly introduced to the series. I can see the appeal of the moba inspired multiplayer and the shiny visuals to certain people, but I seriously doubt it's worth 60 bucks as vanilla. Wait until Sega whips Relic into adding some toppings until you part with your hard earned cash.Be smart, not faithful. That's how the rest of us got into this mess."
76561198007382085,Not Recommended,285190,34345101,Posted: 19 August,all,tommoluvsya88,"Simply put - Shocking.Just not what it could have been.Cartoonish, repetitive and lacks any real depth. Graphics and models redeem it somewhat however it just isnt good enough froma series thathas traditionally been outstanding.OH And to add insult to injury i get a 50% OFF COUPON THE DAY AFTER I BOUGHT IT FOR FULL PRICE!!!**sigh**"
76561198000635908,Not Recommended,285190,34373544,Posted: 20 August,all,Shirby,"Definetly not recommending this game for anything above 9.99€. Simply not a worthy follow up to ANY Dawn of War, let alone the Warhammer 40k Universe. Feels like a cheap Starcraft hybrid with something else mixed in. I was looking forward to a new DoW sadly disappointed once more."
76561198167018824,Not Recommended,285190,31860025,Posted: 20 May,all,feedmeprey,This is terrible. Its old its not strategic. Its a mockery of the RPG genre. If I could get my money back I would. Its no different from games produced 15 years ago. Games workshop should be ashamed of themselves. Avoid.
76561197970957148,Not Recommended,285190,31748498,Posted: 14 May,all,Pierre,"DOW I made me go: I'm in loove!DOW II made me go: I hate this micro-management!DOW III made med go: Meh...Was suped up when Relic announced they'd return basebuilding and the feeling DOW I gave you when you just sent wave after wave of troops into the meatgrinder was superb. DOW III doesn't bring those feelings back. Instead it threads the boundary somewhere between DOW I and DOW II, making you go: Meh...Campaign was on the small side and kept switching factions between missions, not letting you get to grips with the nuances of each.Would not recommend it."
76561197970532681,Not Recommended,285190,31550656,Posted: 4 May,all,Trackblock,"I was really looking forward to this title as it was supposed to be more like the original Dawn of War than DOW2 was.  Well, it has skirmish & base building...but the similarities stop there.Pros:Skirmish mode with co-opMod-supportCons:Only 3 armiesLimited troop choices when compared to DOW1Buggy U.I. & interface (likes to jump around mini-map when drag-selecting troops)Limited army size & slow Requisition gatheringStarting source-code of Company of Heroes2?Late campaign missions are horrible, no fun, & esoteric.Hopefully, modders will make the game better...but honestly...this is a poor release for $60...and feels like a Company of Heroes mod/rip."
,Not Recommended,285190,31891881,Posted: 21 May,all,JaegerNZ,"Was good but could of been great, Story line was way to short, my advise would be buy Men of war ; Assault Squad 2, and download the 40K mod for it much cheaper and better option."
,Not Recommended,285190,31710328,Posted: 12 May,all,College Struggle Pikachu,"The campaign in this game is buggy and I frequently was unable to complete missions because units were stuck off the map or became invincible. Also cheap tricks in single player result in you failing a mission because the enemy has some super broken thing come out of nowhere and you aren't prepared for it so your whole force dies and you lose. Especially true in the mission ""Chasing Beauty"" where a giant rok falls out of the sky on your forces and you get about 2 seconds to react to it and lose all your men.Multiplayer is such a trash fire right now. Space Marines are completely unstopable with the right combo of jump marines and scout marines with blind grenades. Its a meta where Space Marines never use tactical marines and that's kind of stupid. Your units die instantly to jump marines because of the army doctrines and blind grenades make it so your men can't move or attack and they can be stacked. Your units can get stuck perma stunned if your ooponent has 3 scout squads and 2 jump marine squads.Don't buy this. There is nothing of value here. If your an ork fan prepare to be extremely upset. The game is missing super important units to the Warhammer universe that would actually be useful in this game. There are no Rhinos, Apothecarys, Devastator Marines with Krak Missles, Melta bombs of any kind on any unit, Burna Boyz, Flash Gitz, Battlewagons, Mad Doks, Warbikes of any kind, Skull Probes, and for Eldar I don't really know because I don't play there tabletop so I know nothing about them, but I hear people complaining about Wraithguards being OP."
,Not Recommended,285190,31416021,Posted: 28 April,all,"Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids","I have alot of love for the Warhammer universe, have played their games and built the models since I was an ankle biter, and in a way this captures some of that. Its not a great game nor is it a terrible game, I was a big fan of #1 and less of #2 so maybe I had unfairly high hopes of it redeeming the slipping 40k gaming universe and bringing it up to the standard of Total war: Warhammer but I dont think thats what I got from this game. The graphics arnt strictly better or worse, but they have been styled in a way I find less detailed and satisfying, and the pace of the combat seems different. The one thing I've always found unique and loved about Dawn of War and Company of Heroes was even though it was an RTS game they made the individual units feel powerful if they are in the right situation, here I find spam, powers, leaders, and drop in reinforcements. I can understand the approach might of been to make grand epic battles but maybe you should of made a new title for that. As a DOW fan im disappointed, and as an RTS fan im a bit bored. Im sure im wrong and this will be some big pro league based game in a year but as for now I think I will leave a negative review."
76561198039939334,Not Recommended,285190,31599789,Posted: 7 May,all,monkeyknapp,"I played DOW1 and DOW2. I spent so many hours in DOW1 and its DLC and loved it. No the biggest fan of DOW2 but thats also because I had to deal with school at the same time and couldn't pour as much time in. DOW3 in the open beta was fun but I only played for two days cause I got in late. It was interesting initially, but got boring fast. I played LoL for two years and am reminded of it everytime  play multiplayer. Send units down a lane, or flank a little through a half dozen passes. Heck even the elites remind me of Lol. I miss building bases that could be harassed, or turrets to hold choke points. I also hate how the only real way to gather resources is to rush out. I get where being aggressive is suppose to get you ahead, but losing a skirmish in the begininng can lose you the game with little hope of a comeback. Balance is an issue as well to me. There are units that are so clearly more overpowered its painful. There are also units that see so little use that it also hurts. I play 40K with the minuatures and hate how useless the tacticle marines come across. Yes I know I sound bias a bit then, but hey it's my opinion. I wanted more buildings, more cool units, more maps, more game modes, more blood on the field. There is also some diffrences between the game and the lore that i don't like, but those are minor in comparison. I'll keep playing the game sporatically and I'm praying that things take a turn for the better. I know that I'll have to pay more each time a new race gets trotted out,and honestly I probably will in the hopes that what comes along with them is something better than what I have."
76561198018660933,Not Recommended,285190,31401143,Posted: 27 April,all,caribbean,"Lame.I really liked Warhammer 40,000. It took a lot of strategy and the pace was just fast enough to be challenging, yet you could leave a squad in cover and focus on other parts of the map without too much concern.  The 'cover' element really made it unique.  I also enjoyed building out the elite units with differnt builds, melee vs. ranged, tank vs. damage, etc.This is a serious downslide from that game.  The mechanics are not as good.  There is no more cover.   Squads of units can die in seconds.   duh..... point, click, point, click, walk all the way back to base to health up, point clickVery disappointing so far."
76561198078193022,Not Recommended,285190,31403556,Posted: 27 April,all,Kodiakias,"what a disgusting joke of a game, its this kind of money snatching that is ruining the entertanment industrie!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31429344,Posted: 28 April,all,Tranewreck,"What a♥♥♥♥♥♥show, honestly... ive sunk hundreds(prolly thousands) of hours into the first two games...im sure you can get the nitty gritty as to why this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to its predecessors, youtube is filled with videos about this particular topicthis more of a warning to those who are expecting some sort of DoW1 or DoW2 successor.... this is not it!relic is mute and deaf as to the heritage and the current market.... how many games have tried to compete with LoL or DOTA2, its laughable at the virtual bodies those two games have left in their wake...of uppidy copycats and crappy half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempts at the genre, each developer thinking they have what it takes to dethrone those two (lol/dota) finely tuned and thoroughbread moba's.... its a pity dow3 is next on the chopping blockrelic should be ashamed for even putting a dow3 label on this game, should of just released it as a 40k themed moba game.  which reminds me this games graphics up close, look like garbage, plastic, anodyne, low poly models indicative of every ""scaled"" mobile game ive seen grace steams storefront... that! will be the final nail in the coffin...dow3 mobile... *shudder*"
,Not Recommended,285190,31406418,Posted: 27 April,all,Coffee009,"I feel bad giving this a bad review because I like Relic but I feel let down.I pre ordered this game as soon as it was put on steam and I had high hopes of a Dawn of War game that was more like the originals which had base building and massive armies. But from what I played it feels like Dawn of War 2 with watered down gameplay and base building that does not feel like base building. It also has turrets and a nexus like League of Legends. The game play feels kinda like a combination of League of Legends and Halo Wars and while I love both those games, this one falls flat.Now, judging from the screenshots you would think this game plays a lot like DoW 1; massive armies, bases, large maps. But once you jump into it something feels very...wrong. Buildings and units have very exaggerated animations that makes the game look very childlike and unfaithful to the setting, which is odd because the models themselves are on point. Like standing still and the idle animations look fine but running around and combat looks like a mobile kids game. Another issue is the fact that units have almost no health. I think part of the charm of the original was the fact that you have large armies with meaty units that took a beating duke it out for extended periods of time while you built more crap and switched up your strategy, but here I send 5 shoota boy squads at a farseer, only to be curbstomped by some ability that literally instakilled all of the squads. Later on I would send 2 tanks after her and while they eventually did kill her, the tanks felt like they had no impact when they fired their guns and the farseer just kinda...died. In Dow 1, the tanks sounded awesome with echos heard as they fired their main guns at an enemy and you watch them fly up into the air, plus they had multiple machine guns that would shoot at other targets making a tank a force to be reckoned with when it took on 3-4 squads on it's own, plus it's armor would hardly take a dent from standard squads using bolters or Shuriken guns. The list of units is about the same as DoW 1 but considering they have like no health and kill things so fast they all kinda blur together into just spamming more crap, while the first game had armor values and unit types that resisted types of damage that encouraged having a diverse army. It feels like Company of Heroes 2 but with units that dropped like flies and a MOBA element. It almost feels like Clash Royale where you got armies of units with like 3hp what duke it out and overwhelm bases with numbers rather than strategy or tactics.Rather than destroying an enemy HQ, you have a nexus and turrets from League of Legends, and while I like League of Legends it just feels very out of place when I was expecting a more traditional RTS. You also get hero units which replace commanders from the first game which you can pick 3 of, and while I don't hate this system it feels done poorly because commanders just tear through armies and are only really challanged by base turrets and other commanders so armies just feel like filler and fodder to whatever commanders you field or fight. I think they tried to bring over the commander system from DoW 2's campaign but the reason I found commanders from that game fun was you found new and interesting loot in the form of wargear from missions, had a ton of missions to do and high amounts of customization, plus it was campaign only. Here commanders have a linear progression system and no wargear to really personalize them.While I do make a lot of comparisons to DoW 1, the gameplay feels way closer to DoW 2. You have symmetrical maps in a face off type of layout and buildings you spawn units from. While you can build buildings something feels just off and it reminded me more of DoW 2 than anything. I think it had to deal with the fact that your HQ was directly across from the enemy and you were limited to one HQ near the nexus, and you have no options to build another base somewhere else and expand. You can build other buildings in friendly areas but it takes the fun away from sending builder units to an out of the way location on the map and build a HQ or listening post and making an army that attacked your foes from multiple angles. I don't know why but maps feel tiny as well, maybe it's because resource points are so large or the fact that a 2v2 map is the size of a 1v1 map of the first game. Also no 4v4 or free for all.Overall I think the game I wanted was way differant than the game I got. It's like a MOBA but you control the minions and flow while trying to bring out your commanders to decimate your opponent. Get this on sale if you really want to try it. I'd be okay if this MOBA type mode was a unique gamemode with it's own maps and rules while the main game was more traditional, but sadly that is not the case."
,Not Recommended,285190,31416971,Posted: 28 April,all,get hazed nerd,"This is not a Dawn of War RTS game...Its a moba where you also control the minions. Units feel worthless, the game mechanics are very simplistic, and the voice acting isnt as good as previous titles.If you are looking for something similar to the first two games in the series, look elsewhere. This is not it.If you are looking for something closer to a moba where you also control the minions, this might be something you'd be interested in."
76561198007526586,Not Recommended,285190,31430667,Posted: 28 April,all,Wofzor,"I loved the previous Dawn of War games the had great atmospheric campaigns and great game play.This one however i'm only 4 missions in and I feel the need to stop playing and go to another game.The cover system is a shambles, the gameplay finicky and not at all user friendly and there is no feel about the game that wants me to keep playing, it feels so unfinished.A serious letdown of a game that seems to focus on multiplayer but charges full price for a ""single player"" gameI can't recomend, even though i definately wanted to"
76561197976868635,Not Recommended,285190,31415973,Posted: 28 April,all,Sanginius,"What a disappointment, I would have refunded this if it had actually exited when i had to go off to the doctors, but when i came back it was hanging on the exit menu having gone over 2 hours 40 minutes.Ok my actual review of Dawn of Snore.Looks nice when the graphics are turned up, but crashed 30 seconds after i maxxed the graphics out.Game play, this is where the problems start.It's slow, resources come in far too slowly, waiting a couple of minutes to summon a single basic unit, the more advanced the unit the longer the wait, so 30 minutes or more to build a decent sized force that can get chewed apart by enemies  very very quickly.The Campaign. Yes i bought it for the Campaign not multiplayer. Rather than dedicated linear campaigns for each race,  you play one mission from each race in order. Then repeat. I've got 11 hours played and I'm apparently on mission 6, or at least i was before it crashed on me. Its that slow. Hence Dawn of Snore. I was looking forward to seeing the campaigns individually but all mixed into one doesnt work for me. Also the design choices for how the Orcs play, needing to keep Gretchins alive in field in order to craft vehicles from scrap, and if the right sized piece of scrap isnt about, you cant have the vehicle you want. Having to upgrade you entire Orc army one unit at a time, and then their replacements one unit at a time.  Although in this instance it appears to be more unlocking extras for each unit, like Stikk-Bombs.Sorry Relic but this ones failed hard, last time i pre-order from yourselves I'm afraid. I wont be touching the multiplayer, and now im not even sure if i am going to be able to finish the campaign.TL:DRWould I recommend this Game NO!!!!! Not until its in a sale, at about 75% off."
76561197969164601,Not Recommended,285190,31776791,Posted: 15 May,all,Kira Yamato,"Like most others who got this< I'm a largely loyal DoW fan, but this just isn't a DoW game.  They basically took a concept of DoW I, put it over DoW II, and figured that'd do it.  There is potential in it, but they just didn't realize it with a bad system implimentation.- there's no real ""base building"".  it's basically just skirmishing from DoW II but with new buildings to build the same variety of units from- the 'resource upkeep' for larger armies is just horrific and has no place in a DoW game.  it's impossible to reach the 250 unit cap without saving a ton of resources ahead of time because you'll hit +0 long before then.- maps are tiny, and resources few (also ties into point above)Also, this whole skirmish concept for DoW is very 'bleh' to me.  The 40k universe is all about the size and scope of these battles/wars, not a handful of units  firing potshots at each other.  The ultimate apoc mod for DoW Soulstorm is, in my honest opinion, the best representation of the DoW franchise as a whole.  While I did have fun with DoW II's campaign and it's micromanagement of a few elite squads, I still had the most fun out of DoW 1 and 'actual' base building"
76561197999627397,Not Recommended,285190,31518333,Posted: 2 May,all,Aklarath,"At this stage no I cannot recommend, it has potential though so when I see there is more content, more game modes, more maps, More races. Then I will recommend.In the mean time Go play Dow 1 with apocalypse mod on, That IS SOOO FUN :D"
,Not Recommended,285190,31520779,Posted: 3 May,all,Needs Food Badly,"Units feel samey and are almost indistinguishable in the thick of combat. They don't pop with clear aesthetic like they do in II. Fighting is weightless and disinteresting; nothing feels powerful, and physics are almost non-existent.Graphics look so muddy I constantly feel like checking to see if my resolution is right.Base building is so basic, with no clear point to it, that I wonder why they bothered.The maps are really boring to look at and have virtually no actual terrain or flow to them.Menus and UI are irritating to navigate.The voicework is good, but not so much that I am encouraged to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,285190,31809177,Posted: 17 May,all,Camord,It could be so much... but it's simply.. boring...The campaign tries to be epic but it's just... meh...And not to mention the annoying taskbar bug...It really hurts to see DoW gone like that.
,Not Recommended,285190,31458038,Posted: 30 April,all,Garglesnot,"Sadly, this game is a buggy mess. Not only is the content lacking, there is literally zero help on the forums when it comes to workaround or fixes. I hate to bash this game but WOW is it not ready for prime time.There is no customization hot keys, you are stuck with the ones already used, and those change from game to game. One games the controls are normal but you cant CTRL+# your units into squads, the next you lose your hotkeys and the WASD moves the screen around the map, sometimes you lose side scrolling, Others you cant macro because the keys literally do nothing. Any one of these can become an issue in a multiplayer game, but, when any combination of them can happen at any game, you cant even work around it.I hope these fix these issues and many others soon because in its current state, the bugs and lack of content will make this a dead games pretty fast. I already see a massive lack of multiplayer games."
76561197967804604,Not Recommended,285190,31657882,Posted: 9 May,all,Evilbit,"Fairly disappointing.  It's lost the balance of the earlier titles in the series, but is better than the hero focused mess of DoW II.It's hard to put a fingrer on exactly what's wrong - it's like the pacing and build trees are designed to be maximum annoying.  Good graphics and storyline, but of course, those points are pretty typical for a high produciton value game.  It's just that the play mechanics aren't fun."
76561198035610915,Not Recommended,285190,31476465,Posted: 30 April,all,-Dom-,"Might have more positive reveiws if it was actually a Dawn of War game, or if it just wasn't called Dawn of War"
76561197998007993,Not Recommended,285190,31670565,Posted: 10 May,all,Valos,wait for a sale
76561198037504224,Not Recommended,285190,31798672,Posted: 16 May,all,DSM_Revan,"This game is a huge let down, the visuals are cartoonish and the game stability is terrible, CTD every 20 minutes or so. Disappointed to say the least."
76561198037833076,Recommended,285190,31512352,Posted: 2 May,all,Divinegigas,"This game is differnt from my expectations, but thats not to say its not a good game. its fun and brutal, more over for the first time in franchise history the differnt armys feel truest to there lore. playing orks makes you feel like you are decending a green tide to overwhelm your opponite. the eldar make incredible hit and run tactics, assasinating key units or positions and then returning to a webway to charge for the next strike, you infiltrate past defensive possitions move a webway assembly behind and all at once your army is behind there line. setting up fireing lines and teams as space marrines, and continuly pushing your troops forward with drop pods feels like an indomidble army raining steel. i just wish there where more armys to play as, like necrons..... anyway ♥♥♥♥ what you heard and save the drama...."
76561198082742741,Not Recommended,285190,31943359,Posted: 24 May,all,Kieran Wood 96,"if u want a decent fun stratagy game look else where this game is just one massive disapointment. As a fan of the tabletop this game makes me happy that it exists but sad that its so bad. The graphics and voice acting are amazing but thats it. The game play is boring and the campaign is childish  (looking at you first ork mission,  ""weve made a gun that insults the enemy so they dont have the will to fight on""   really......really!?!?!?!?!?!?)  and the online has one game mode which is fun at first ( game mode is a league of legends clone pretty much but you control the mobs as well. i.e. kill shield, kill turret kill core) but gets repetitive really fast. there is also only around 5 maps for online so they get boring as well.Positives:- The Graphics are really good- Its Warhammer- The voice acting is amazingNegatives- Childish campaign. i personally would of prefered a gritty dark campaign not a light hearted fun fest. though i do understand some people will prefer this.-boring gameplay-Hardly any map selection-Online games dont seem skill based, its pretty much blob to win- there is no retreat mechanic for units- multiplayer games never finish as as as soon as one side has the middle points locked down its game over so the other team just surrenders- there is only one online game mode, the addition of a capture point game mode like in Company of heros 2 (a much better rts game) would be perfect- The cover system. what were they thinking, its absolute garbage. there is 2-3 cover points spread out on the maps, the rest is completly open ground.   *facepalmAll in all upon hearing about this games release i was really excited and looking forward to it, however upon release i was just massivly let down by how bad it actually is. i would deffinatly not recommend buying this game and it saddens me to say that as i am a true fan boy of warhammer in general."
,Not Recommended,285190,34500722,Posted: 26 August,all,No hope For humanity,"ok..where to begin ...where to begin.... warhamer 40k, dawn of war a series cherished by many which the 1st game is still played to this day, which expansions released a conquest map like conquer the world campaigns of rise of nations..which threw it all away to make it more Company of heroes like in the 2nd game..and now....has become this......a mix of moba and a extremely BAREBONES company of heroes mode. Buy this game if your a hardcore fan or if u want a basic rts in this stale market and get it on a sale. Note general rule is..dont expect anything similar in each installment of dawn of war.ProsBattle scales are larger..MUCH larger in a sense..funny story of sorts (Thanks to the returning characters)Best waaghs of any installment...if you love the orc Waaghs...Get this gameConsThe strategy is ...cheesy ..a mix of CoH and a moba slap on of sorts..alot of stuff has been thrown out...there's a barebones cheap suppresion system from dawn of war2 (essentially slow a target and a tiny area around him)Unit lives rarely matter...no veterans..nothing..upgrades feel cheap for the space marines too...2 weapons on tacticals...TWO..Doctrines...Is bad..like what used to be normal..now requires a doctrine..battles are decided usually in the 1st 10 mins.."
76561198006836060,Not Recommended,285190,31594794,Posted: 6 May,all,Brogre,"Quite Simply it is not a RTS.  This game falls deep into MOBA.  No cover. No morale. no unit customization.  All things that made DOW great.  Gone......  so i cannot give this game a positve review.  The story line is not very well done and greatly simplifed by combining all three factions into one.  As with several other reviews, I was hoping for another epic Dow with large battles with varried units with squads of space marines vs hords of orks.  What we got was th same units with different skins."
76561198027750789,Not Recommended,285190,35403237,Posted: 1 October,all,Double_D,DoW3 < Starcraft and DoW 1&2
,Not Recommended,285190,31451061,Posted: 29 April,all,Pompa,"Do not buy this game unless it is on a sale, game has no identity, it doesnt know if it is a Warcraft,Starcraft or Dawn of war, heroes are unbalanced broken shi*s, regular units feel like disposable trash and welcome to Wh40k where terminators can do fronflips and it doesnt matter how big of an army you make, dont worry! It will be destroyed with one super ability or by an OP eldar elite that all it has to do is use two abilities and bye bye to your regular dudes! Seriously now do not buy this, huge disappointment. Relic should be Excommunicate Traitoris for they betrayed the fans of their previous games."
76561198005549998,Not Recommended,285190,31514396,Posted: 2 May,all,Lord Serath,"Man where to even start with this game. I bought because I'm a massive fan of Relic, DoW, and 40k. I have a lot of time into DoW1-2, both campaign and multi. If you enjoyed any of the previous games, this is nothing like either. Stick to the first and second game and save your money. Even without mods they are leagues better than this heresey. No cover, no sync kills, no tactics outside of hero powers, barely any maps, only one multiplayer mode, a boring extended campaign that equals a tutorial, no unit or weapon customization..Campaign- boring, and serves more as an extended tutorial for how to use heroes in the multi. On top of that, it simply changes from the view of the 3 races, so if you don't like playing as one that's too bad. Nothing like either previous games campaigns (customization, mission selections etc).Multi- It basically tried to mix SC2 and MOBA mechanics into a 40k theme. As for strategy, forget it. It's Many Onscreen Blobs Attack. Usually over the purple hero point. Unlike previous games where tactics (flanking, suppression, proper cover use, morale breaks) could see 1 player hold off 1 or 2 or even 3, in this game its amass blobs and send them in then just focus on using your heroes. Got a few devastators in a stupid bubble shield over looking the ground below? They do jack squat as enemies run through the bullets and melee them to death. In DoW 2, they'd have been suppressed and then some grenades, sorcery or jump troops would make their day a lot worse. Not here. And online is a waste of time honestly. People quit super early. Assuming you can keep a match going, once enemies get to your base they don't even want to fight you. They just shoot the damn power core.TLDR: buy this when it's 5 bucks. Anything more is a waste."
76561197981347274,Not Recommended,285190,31415956,Posted: 28 April,all,Vygar,"Firstly, I've requested a refund.  This game simply cannot live up to previous offerings in the series.  From being forced to play online in order to progress your ""Elites"" to very shallow gameplay, this particular title is a huge disappointment.Unless you're a fan of Moba games (this game borrows many ideas from Moba games for some odd reason) or just a die hard fan of the IP, this title is definately not worth $60."
76561198050719674,Not Recommended,285190,31426349,Posted: 28 April,all,Gam3rX,Time to go back to DOW I again.
76561197984917838,Not Recommended,285190,31398927,Posted: 27 April,all,Garland Adolis,"A terrible continuation of the Dawn of War series. The RTS basics of the singleplayer has been dumbed down and the multiplayer mode is only a MOBA knockoff with no skirmish mode. Units are unresponsive and reluctant to defend themselves - I positioned a ranged squad in one of the ""cover"" capture points and they stood passively while the enemy attacked them until finally returning fire only when I ordered them to do so.A waste of money and download time, and an immense insult from a company with a history as long as Relic's. I will not buy from them again."
76561198021709711,Recommended,285190,31405471,Posted: 27 April,all,Sathrik,"I have been enjoying my time playing this game so far. Lots of customization for multiplayer including a fully fledged army painter and many elite choices/passives so you can play your way. This is also included for AI skirmishes and Co-Op VS AI battles. The campaign has been alot of fun as well, voice acting and music pull you into the game and fully immerse yourself into the 40k world. It may not be the same type of RTS as the older titles because it throws in MOBA elements but i dont mind. I think it will just come down to personal preference."
76561198039944673,Not Recommended,285190,31635634,Posted: 8 May,all,Cow,"Long time fan, years of table top and the older DoW 1/2 and I was so excited for DoW 3...Oh boy was I disapointed with whatever this MOBA/RTS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child they shoved infront of us.None of us asked or wanted this, the total lack of multiplayer replay value unless you're a huge fan of rushing and spamming Dire Avengers and the horrid campaign format.You gave us a beautiful and stunning game but ♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥♥♥did you screw the pooch."
76561198019865222,Not Recommended,285190,31516781,Posted: 2 May,all,B L O O D S T O R M,So I've played over 30 hours of this game and i have to say that i Enjoy the multiplayer.. But there is only 8 maps in total and it's starting to get very stale.. Without more maps being added in the future and possble new races this game will die fast.. it already takes a few minutes to find a game so i don't think there will be many people playing this in a year or so.Capaign was extremely boring and short... felt like i was playing some kinda of half arsed SC2 Arcade Game...I would only recommened getting this game if you are a huge fan of the game.I spent $98 AUD on this game and if i don't get 98 hours worth of fun from it i will consider it a waste of money...Hope this helped.
76561197991454370,Not Recommended,285190,31504873,Posted: 2 May,all,Oenone,"The short version is the game is just not as good as the previous two Dawn of War Games. I would not recommened anyone buy it unless it's on sale. I can't help but feel like the 'official reviews' listed on the store page were either paid for or written by people who don't usually play rts or strategy games.While you can build a base like in 1 there are no real defense structures, which means all you do is churn out a couple of unit production buildings and that's all the base building. While there are more powerful special units like in 2 (the elites) they only have cosmetic upgrades available (which is just one skin unlock later on).Upgrades are handled in a really clunky way that isn't explained very well. You earn currency which you need for unlocks, which would be okay for multiplayer but it also applies in the single player game as well. Forcing you to grind missions to try out any variations on strategy.Basically the only element which is 'better' is the graphics and even then it comes at the cost of really empty maps. There is a little verticality but it doesn't seem to have a huge impact on gameplay. Cover is limited to a few little sandbag bunkers and places a 'shield' will magically appear. Which is a major step back from pretty much every RTS game Relic has ever made. There are occasional patches of long grass (which sticks around regardless of how many flame throwers people are using) and some sort of steam vents neither of which add a huge amount to proceedings.The multiplayer maps have definitely taken in some design elements from MOBA games. Maps have channels which function as lanes, they funnel you into shield generators and then turrets (basically the towers) and then you attack the core. These mechanics work fine in a MOBA but don't add anything to an RTS game with base building mechanics. There was already a base to defend and throwing a building in which doesn't actually do anything useful just takes up space without adding any enjoyment.Sure the unit animations are cool, but they aren't enough to keep anyone interested for long. It's a shame because it could have been a really good game if they'd spent as much time on the gameplay as they have on the graphics."
,Not Recommended,285190,31664950,Posted: 10 May,all,Frantic,Bad game. 0 oldschool feeling. This game has nothing to do with any of the old titles. Fail.
,Not Recommended,285190,31437974,Posted: 29 April,all,Jovikila,Doesnt feel right. Stripped away everything good about the last 2 games.  Cant rebind keys.  No last stand. Lore is out the window.  A MOBA in 40k skin.  No RTS or RPG just a shity lite inbetween.
,Recommended,285190,31458463,Posted: 30 April,all,Xaikus,"This a review on both Multiplayer and Campaign modeCampaign ModeI just finished the campaign on hard mode and I could say that this is the most unique experience compaired to Dawn of War 1 and 2 because the campaign is not focused on a single faction but instead play all three factions during the entire campaign.Also unlike Dawn of War 2: Retribution Very Hard Difficulty campaign can still be finished by just using all four heroes active without using additional forces, however this game isn't because there is no equipment change option that would make your heroes almost indestructable but instead you can choose different heroes during some parts of the campaign (as long as you can afford it sometimes).Multiplayer ModeThis game is a mix of tower defense and some Company of Heroes 2 game mechanics (bulletins and heroes) also it is micro management heavy since the population cap is increased to 250 compaired to Dawn of War 2 and Company of Heroes 2 which is capped at 100. However, this game in multiplayer mode has only one game option and three factions which is very dissapointing for its price.In addition compaired to Dawn of War 2, In Dawn of War 3 players can play as many as three heroes in a game. Some mechanics also changed from the Dawn of War 2 game such as suppresion is removed and replaced with slow which can also slow down vehicles which is totally wierd as well as cover is not abundant in the game.Overall this game is not that good nor bad, what made the game bad in my opinion is the lackluster of content for its current price"
,Not Recommended,285190,31447694,Posted: 29 April,all,Aaron,"Uninspired and terrible all-around except the art.  The art is amazing, the gameplay mechanics suck.  The level design in the campaign sucks, it seems intent on being as annoying and frustrating to play as possible.  Pathing is greatly improved from before but it still suffers from a ""holy ♥♥♥♥ can my guys just do what I tell them to do"" problem.  The story is boring and pointless.  Everything feels slow, like you're trying to play in molasses."
76561197993261328,Not Recommended,285190,34546496,Posted: 28 August,all,Zoronos,"The campaign lacks depth. It removes the good parts of the campaign from 2 without adding back any of the good things that were removed in 1.It seems like the developers tried to focus on making a narrative multiplayer game, but there just isn't the depth here to support that.I recommend passing until maybe an expansion."
,Not Recommended,285190,31440313,Posted: 29 April,all,STARSBarry,The best thing I got out of this game was the preorder skins for CoH2 at least they have some quality behind them.
76561197993418653,Not Recommended,285190,33303225,Posted: 6 July,all,Swedish Banana,give me DOWII instead of this garbage
,Not Recommended,285190,31524487,Posted: 3 May,all,j23evan,"I wanted to love this game.  I love the series, the first two were brilliant games with endless replay value.  This is a half-baked, featureless, soulless abomination with mediocre graphics, mediocre gameplay, and the feeling that they are holding all the quality of life improvements back to be sold off incrementally with DLC.   Wait for the super deluxe platinum greatest hits version that includes all 50 dlc packs and is a fully feature rich and balanced game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31416829,Posted: 28 April,all,badger08367,They tried to merge the two previous games and failed colossally would not buy if your a fan of either of those games. Feels like all strategy elements were stripped out and replaced with heroes and your normal army units feel like they do no damage in comparison overall you've butchered the game series that got me into warhammer and I am really annoyed with this you had one job relic and you couldn't even do that.
76561197965419634,Not Recommended,285190,31665766,Posted: 10 May,all,Wolfgang Krieger,So far. So bored.
76561197993580077,Not Recommended,285190,35211710,Posted: 25 September,all,Zoc,I only bought this in the hope they make a new version of 'The Last Stand' from DOW II titles..... I hope they do as the rest of the game is nothing but a pretty mess... such a shame.
,Not Recommended,285190,31905198,Posted: 22 May,all,Montag,Do not buy this game.Terrible combat pacingTerrible economy mechanicsUnit animations: goofy as hellVoice acting: awfulUnit portraits: crappy and 2dCutscenes: crappy 2d parralax scenesArt style: laughableProduction quality: probably that of a $40 gameDo. Not. Buy
76561198008405341,Not Recommended,285190,32473226,Posted: 16 June,all,Lost soul,"Absolutely awful. A clone of DoW1, and not a good one. Everything good about DoW2 is gone, Do not waste your money."
76561197994449544,Recommended,285190,31547652,Posted: 4 May,all,BitchElf,"A fantastic game based on its own merits, however it lives in the shadow of its predecessors. For competitive RTS players this is the best thing to come out since vanilla sc2, there is an insane amount of micro to be done and a very high skill cap. For Warhammer 40,000 fans I can assure it is pure cinematic bliss watching a Wraithknight bound across the battlefield and Jain Zar rip through squads of infantry. This is not a MOBA, contrary to many reviews, it borrows very lightly from the genre but it plays absolutely nothing like LoL or DOTA 2, so fear not.The campaign is interesting enough, I thought the narrative strategy was rather clever and the story is good, but it lacks the depth and replayability of DoW 2 campaign. It does serve as a fantastic introduction to all the races as well as a good starting source of skulls, the unlock currency.Should you buy:No:-If you wanted a base building rts a la DoW 1-If you wanted a DoW 2 style campaign-If lots of micromanagement frustrates youYes:-You are a Warhammer 40,000 fan-You enjoy games in the vein of starcraft or company of heroesIt this was not a Dawn of War game, it would be 90%+, but it is a dawn of war game, so people are rating it based on their own personal dawn of war wishlist not being fulfilled. It's a true shame."
76561197983165266,Not Recommended,285190,34700782,Posted: 2 September,all,Earl of Sandwhich,"Take Starcraft, make it worse, reskin it with Warhammer skins, add elements from heroes of the storm. That's this game. You can buy Starcraft II or play Heroes for FREE and get a better experience. You won't get a Dawn of War experience from this."
,Not Recommended,285190,34424358,Posted: 22 August,all,Preston Garvey,"Dont even bother buying it, total disapointment."
76561197999328658,Not Recommended,285190,31409383,Posted: 27 April,all,Juggernaut b*tch,"I love the Warhammer universe and enjoyed playing the Dawn of war series. I was not a huge fan of Dawn of war 2 with the squads game play, but it was fun and looked nicer then the original Dawn of War. However,  I was not at all entertained with this version of Dawn of war. No buildable turrets outside node areas? The moba design? Never was a fan of those games and now it ruined a great RTS franchise!Then they release so little maps, why? I enjoyed building an army that all the units were important and the hero added to that but was not the main centerpiece of the army.I will sadly be contemplating a refund."
76561197965343873,Not Recommended,285190,31533371,Posted: 3 May,all,Gorhu,"I strongly reccommend this game if you have problems sleeping, you are trying to quit gaming or perhaps tired of buying bad Warhammer computer games.  Relic is the perfect company name because all of the ideas and concepts in this game are pretty much a relic. I wish I would of trusted all the negative reviews but I'm a sucker for Warhammer games, not anymore.Pros: Free time to do other things (I guess)Cons:  It is so bad I can't make myself log in and play"
,Not Recommended,285190,31594849,Posted: 6 May,all,Howler,"Welp. DoW fail.If you liked the base building and massive armies of DoW I.... this is not it. The MOBA styled maps are boring and only leaves one style of RTS play available.If you liked DoW II, space marine units don't represent the power they did before. They're fodder.  The destructable terrain and cover is all gone.  There are some hiding spots and cliffs you have to run entirely around, but the microing is gone. Just spam your abilities.There is no real balance in here vs armor types.  Enough bolter weapons will kill a heavy tank, while anti-tank infantry do mild damage to the target they're supposed to counter.I loved DoW I and DoW II.  This game fails to really incorperate either and is a new game entirely that really falls from the play style of DoW in  the past.Ontop of it... the arena is gone.  The arena that in DoW II I could come back to years after release and still find people playing and enjoying. The arena that I alone spent a good 60~100 hours in seperate from the game DoW II.The campaign sucks.... Poor story. Very much just a tutorial, no epicness to it at all and just tries to dump you into multiplayer... which sucks... no 4v4... caps at 3v3... in a MOBA style. No sprawling maps or just chaotic maps. Just side vs side. I don't mind the moba styled maps, but when that is ALL that is available... it gets boring fast."
76561198059184048,Not Recommended,285190,31595302,Posted: 6 May,all,Malik,even gothic armada's campaign cutscenes had more passion then the still frames of this knockoffjust remake dow1 in hd
76561197970497291,Not Recommended,285190,31399261,Posted: 27 April,all,Henka,"Note: this is mainly MP.First 10 minutes are fun, squads matter and tactics can pay off.After this the game turns into a blob vs blob, where heroes are 99% of the game and if you pick wrong ones you are screwed. Comebacks are impossible if they mass enough units and you start to bleed.Also if your teamates in MP are bad or dont cooperate, you will not be able to finnish a game in anything under 2 hours. You send everything you have, damage their power core 5% and die.. rinse and repeat.If they had kept morale, cover and armor play (ie, armor ratings) it could have been fun but this is to simplistic and just plain booring."
,Not Recommended,285190,31429740,Posted: 28 April,all,K0k0pelly1,I'm disappointed:\
76561198006827275,Not Recommended,285190,31430728,Posted: 28 April,all,Hellbound,"Don't buy this game. I wasted $70 on it. Been playing 3v3 and it's a total joke, theres AOE abilities you can call down from the sky which basically murder a whole army that someone just spent making. Imagine 6 AOE's going back and forth on attacks killing elites and units. It's totally stupid. I hate it."
76561198137017224,Recommended,285190,31462669,Posted: 30 April,all,Pappy,"Since I haven't played any DOW games before, I didnt set any expectations for the game, so I love it.If you're the same, you're gonna love itgr8 game10/10"
76561197993364008,Not Recommended,285190,31429856,Posted: 28 April,all,InigoMontoya,"This is a warhammer game, but it isn't Dawn of War. I'm not sure what it is. I own and have played the other DOW games over and over. I admit I never liked the multiplayer much. This game is geared for multiplayer with the single player tacked on. The first level seems promising, but then instead of continuing the story of the blood ravens, you are instead playing the orcs, which are stupid, then the eldar. No story continuity whatsoever. Even then it might be excusable if the game was introducing you to the different gameplay mechanics for each race. Nope, you're just thrown in and have to figure it out on your own.I am seriosly considering returning this game. I might play a little more just to be sure. But if you are on the fence and love the other DOW games, I would not recommend this one."
76561198025213137,Not Recommended,285190,34466701,Posted: 24 August,all,kingkong381,"It's a shame to see the series that introduced me to strategy games reduced to this. I have a high tolerance of buggy/poorly designed games but when I started the tutorial and couldn't pan the camera I knew something had gone horrifyingly wrong with DoW. Note well: THERE IS NO EDGE-PANNING IN THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ Instead you have to use the arrow keys (which were not working when I played) or the mouse wheel (this wasn't working either). I eventually worked around it by clicking and dragging on the mini-map. However then the tutorial asked me to create a selection group and (again) pressing the indicated keys achieved sweet ♥♥♥♥ all.I checked afterwards and all the relevant keys/mouse buttons are working perfectly for me in other games, it's just this garbage that doesn't work. I don't know if the game is otherwise good or not since I gave up when I found the tutorial was unplayable. Unless this gets fixed I'll have to warn anyone reading not to even think of buying this game. Go play DoW1 or hell even DoW2 they have functional controls at least.""Literally unplayable."" Those words get thrown around a lot by people when a game has superficial problems, but for Dawn of War 3 it is an apt descriptor."
76561198003929926,Not Recommended,285190,32603103,Posted: 20 June,all,Error idgafffffffff,Relic messed up bigtime with this game. I'll never pre-order another game from them again. DoW franchise is ruined.
,Not Recommended,285190,34637495,Posted: 31 August,all,I NEED HELP 助けて,-Small amount of units avaliable-Weirdest animations ever (defintely not matching the 40k's atmosphere astartes look like they are jumping while moving ... )-it feels like you are always watching a cinematic (while you play)-no buildings for cover at all ....-60 euro (i have -50% ticket and still not worth the money you can honestly start the tabletop)-only 3 playable fanctions-MOBA ?!?! go play lol please its free and more enjoyable-its focused on heroes and not on armies-weak base building ...-/+ the graphics are awesome but i dont think it is for this game (looks like mobile game graphics)+new units (at least some)+anihillation mode is fine i guessdefinitely avoid even to think about itUPDATE : they just canceled a DLC for the game
76561198028120132,Not Recommended,285190,31496599,Posted: 1 May,all,Stranger,"Stay away from this game.This isnt Dawn of War, this is a cheap remake of Starcraft. But trying so hard to turn this game into a e-sport, they made an hybrid, an abomination that play nothing like the original Dawn of War. The campaign is a big tutorial for multiplayer which imbalanced to the point of retardness. The story is weak and I feel like we waited years for an overpriced Beta."
76561198005434193,Recommended,285190,31552893,Posted: 4 May,all,THEwhiteKNIGHT,Disregard the hate. It's a good RTS. Doing my part to boost. Want it to be successful for expansions/DLC.
76561197972041771,Not Recommended,285190,31407825,Posted: 27 April,all,soul,Only played for a short time but found myself wanting to play pretty much anything else while I was doing so. It felt a bit clunky and slow. Bored after the first mission.Not usually one to complain about graphics but this game looks NOTHING like the screenshots and videos do; I am able to run it with everything maxed out and I'm sorely disappointed with how it looks.As someone who appreciates the lore of the setting I really can't get over the jumping and flipping terminator. Just doesn't fit at all.Looks like all the units in multiplayer are locked behind some sort of progression/paywall. I get the want to create progression but why not make it cosmetic?Doesn't feel like the series to me at all and with a ninja-terminator I don't feel like it fits the setting well either.Going to ask for a refund. Maybe get it when its $10. Definitely doesn't seem worth it now.
76561197995410879,Not Recommended,285190,31421877,Posted: 28 April,all,DakkaDakka,not dow not really and its not worht 60$ but if you go into it not looking for dow 1 or 2 and see it as its own game its just alright nothing special nothing really good or bad about it only have 2 hrs on it tho but i would still wait to get it till it gose on sale
76561198116468019,Recommended,285190,31451455,Posted: 29 April,all,Doran16,"I am an avid 40k fan who loves the stories and mix up of lore and characters.However... I am only recommending the game for the pure fact I want it to do well...I want another Dawn of war game though, this one? seemed like some children were forced to make it who didnt want to make it. they were given impossible targets to try and broaden the target audience and seemed more about money and the game rather than the fans who have bought all previous dawn of wars.Pros-Cool unique heroes , but they fail in comparison with Dawn of war 2s heros-Nice ultra units.... not 'TITANS' because titans are the size of the maps-Awesome base buildings but the orks kind of suck.... not lore friendly-Big armies but only late game-Multiplayer is actually okay but needs more game modes-just because you lose early game multiplayer does not mean you lose the match so its new player friendly and is sooooooo easy for teams who work together to win-upkeep of units means someones blob dies doesnt neccesarilly mean he will get said blob back.... blobbing against whirlwinds is bad!-lots of room for improvement and new units-games are not too long if you are all good players-maps are okay in they are balanced! previous dawn of war 2 maps tried to be balanced but under circumstances were not-ultra units are not OP so aslong as you counter with a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of anti tank it works like its supposed to!-always thinking of rock paper scissors in what beats what but ive beaten rock with scissors.... you just need alot of scissorsCons-Voice actors (where is diomedes and his baneblades?)-GORGUTZ is not gorgutz anymore..... hes good but.... he needs a range weapon!-GABRIEL again is not gabriel.... in lore there is no description of what armour hes in or anything what the hell? again ranged weapon and voice acting is off?-MACHA is done perfectly melee and ranged and good abilities apart from eldritch storm was her ability and mind war was epic.... please bring back mind war. her voice also done to perfection they spent alot of time on her.-Ork buildings are weird and move and bounce and waaaaaggghhh is music???? waaaaggghhhh should be alot of orks together shouting and pumped up by the warboss.-terrible ork tech tree-VERY limited units in the game.... if you want to spam wraithlords or terminators or warp spiders or imperial knights or swooping hawks or plasma cannon space marines or razorback tanks or any kind of unique unit then turn away. they chose a bunch of BASIC units and made them line units, google units!-Again no units..... ULTIMATE APOCALYPSE for dawn of war soulstorm ring a bell??? units out the ears you cant move for units-all previous super units are apparently gone.... NO AVATAR NO LAND RAIDER NO SQUIGGOTH and even if they add them? yeah 1 allowed per game.-cover systems stupid hands down doesnt make sense nor is useful-they got rid of sync kills because it took time for a unit to kill another unit which had balance issues..... oh sorry here let my wraithknght just pause for like 10 seconds while it charges up its ability and orks are hacking it to death..... balance? no guys lazy....-SPOILER - you couldnt make just a few more chaos units for the ending? you had to spam ressurected other faction units? why...........-3 Factions....... 3.... count it 3..... all previous games offered 4 at launch with multiple game modes including last stand which to this day is awesome still.-very few maps-no base building just recruitment buildings.... no turrets or special listening posts that you could upgrade or special tech buildings-no apothecary or techmarines....... again why.....-large armies are hard to micro when everything dies within seconds oh let me just use this ability.... anddddd their dead-necron♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere but no mention of necrons through whole game.... did they think it just looked cool?-Bad guy boss ending not that impressive.... silent type? noo kyras talking? no blood for the blood god? no roar? just arcade style mario fight?-resources are bad!!! I hated dawn of war 2 resources and no base building but it wasnt as bad as this.... req to build power power to build req, control resources and you win the game basically. you have to build♥♥♥♥♥♥to get any resources!-eldars arty is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to orks and marines-jain zar did nothing special-entire game has no cool cutscenes like we saw in trailers-gore is.... well not very gory again lack of sync kills-every sixth stirke a critical hit is stupid.... makes characters pause during fights-eldar lack tanks and walkers-space marines lack any unique♥♥♥♥♥♥-orks lack balance-way too much army painter♥♥♥♥♥♥... who told these developers that army painting was a thing? I played♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of old dawn of wars and army painting was not that big-lack of scale Id like more along the lines of normandy or something where you can zoom out massively-lack of zooming in or out-not alot of space to place buildingsoverall if youve never played a dawn of war and you like easy play rts then jump in...if you love 40k and previous dawn of wars grit your teeth we are going in dry....I for one am anticipating alot of improvements and additions and if not? then atleast the studio can start making something good.one change I would like is warp spiders striking scorpions and terminators and meganobz ect just to be their own seperate elite class. Elite heroes are awesome to summon and use to change the tide of battle but whos ever changed the tide with a scorpion squad? or some rokkit boys? if anything those types of units should cost elite points yes! but maybe really cheap and you can spawn multiple of them? youd just be swapping heroes for more generic elite units....example oh you have 3 assualt terminator squads? well paladin imperial knight can still whoop yo♥♥♥♥♥because i saved my points. that would make more sense in the grand scale of things.... realistically late game the amount of units outweighs the benefit of these types of elites and to keep them relevant maybe have the tech level control how many of those squads you can have up to 3 like i suggested. it wouldnt take much to change.otherwise fun game please buy and support my 40k love and dawn of war love"
76561197993728641,Not Recommended,285190,31456423,Posted: 29 April,all,Sir Dalavar,"Boring boring boring, no customization, no choices in race, story, direction or mission objectives, might as well have watched a video of the game for all the imput i had, Its C&C Twilight 2.0, There is base building, but its a pointless mechanic, it lacks info and tips about whats happening, the story hints as larger things afoot but doesnt deliver.Very Shallow game,This is a Lazy cash grab pure and simple!"
76561198008518170,Not Recommended,285190,33676570,Posted: 20 July,all,The AntiBiotic,meh...
76561197995627028,Not Recommended,285190,31407890,Posted: 27 April,all,Red Terra,"It's not a bad game. Just... a decent game. And that's the problem. You'd expect more from Relic, the guys that innovated and evolved the RTS genre.The campaign is very... linear and in a sadly unremarkable way. It also falls victim to the boring 'Wait and Build Up an Army because there's no time pressure' approach in a lot of RTS games. I shouldn't be Alt Tabbing so I can amass enough resources to build a large army in SP (on Hard).Ardennes Assault was an amazing campaign for CoH2 and possibly RTS games in general. Its mechanics and pacing was far and beyond what DoW3 and other similar RTS campaigns are offering. A shame they didn't try to evolve the campaign structure like in Ardennes Assault or even DoW2.As for the overall game such as MP, while I prefer the more tactical slower gameplay of past Relic games where cover and positioning were easier to manage and was more important, I still had fun in MP. 3v3 is definitely the way to go. 1v1 and 2v2 suffer from long stretches of inactivity whereas with 3v3 the action is more consistent throughout the game.Unfortunately the lack of maps does start to feel reptitive to play MP.I truly don't want to believe 8 maps is all that Relic has been able to produce after- what, 3-4 years? I know the early, early development took place back in 2011 and it was only about ~3 years ago that they started really working on DoW3. But the lack of game modes, maps, and other content really makes me feel like either Relic is holding content back or worse case scenario, they actually haven't made any of the missing content. I want to believe the former. I know Relic was hit with layoffs but it couldn't be this bad with backing of Sega, Relic Veterans, and ~3 years of development.I guess the next question is how the DLC and microtransactions will be handled...In any case. Not a bad game. But also not a remarkable game. Very... average. Bland campaign, sometimes fun MP, but also lacking in content which I hope is just being withheld and that we dont have to wait months or years to get enough new content"
76561197972662402,Not Recommended,285190,31424638,Posted: 28 April,all,Synaptic,More RTS less MOBA and it will be sweet
76561198272882775,Recommended,285190,31458461,Posted: 30 April,all,mr.bigglesworth,"what a suprise this game was. the elite units are a blast to control. and without the retreat mechanic you will pay for being caught out of position. tables will turn on a dime, the pace of the game is fast very fast. when phase 3 hits during a multyplayer match, youll see nothing but swarms of bodies and explosions. hotkey your elites or youll lose sight of them haha. The bubble cover thing im not a fan of but its not to bad, i was really expecting a moba type game. but damn i was using everything i learned in dow 2 to freaking scrape by. but now i just have to click my units back to a barracks, or sacrafice them to save one of my elites. i love dow 2, but dow 3 has definatley won me over. ZAR! is the best!. as for the campaign im only on mission 4 or 5 i think. its fairly linear, think of the single player maps in dow 2 retribution. but presentation wise its 40k everyone hates everyone. The music and sound i really like it dont know why. it has all those DUUUUM sounds from inception and transformers. no keyrebinding but its relic you should know that by now, but it uses the grid system so im fine with it. oh and the net code holy crap ive been playing 3v3s online and the worst i got was just a bit of stutter, fantastic job on that. havent experienced a single crash either. shame all these negative reviews might keep the community small. but if you have a bit of interest in this game or rts in general i definatley recommend it, well if you like multyplayer that is. thats where the longevity for all rts are anyways. hopeing for last stand game type. or something coop. different races with thier own campaigns, all the good stuff."
,Not Recommended,285190,34388650,Posted: 20 August,all,DeborasBubba,Relic does better than this..This..This is trash.
,Not Recommended,285190,31524716,Posted: 3 May,all,Typhuseth,"Relic's thought process for this game ""some people didn't like DOW 1 and some didn't like DOW2. Let's make sure no one likes DOW3"" Utterly boring."
,Not Recommended,285190,31489465,Posted: 1 May,all,TUKAN SAM [2098],"Many of my own criticisms have been shared already in other reviews so I won't go into them too much here other than to say I am sorely disappointed with the lack of tactical and strategic depth in the game.All I had to do is play some skirmish to realize it wasn't for me. In fact, the exact moment I realized such was 40 minutes into a match and the enemy elite destroyed MY ENTIRE FORCE.I don't mind having elite units with abilities like DoWII, but I hate the fact line units literally become useless late game. I think that's also where a lot of the MOBA claims come from. It's almost as if the game becomes more and more MOBA-like further into matches as units become less and less meaningful. Elites become the focus.The fact of the matter is many criticisms are valid and shared by long time fans and new players alike, but that doesn't necessarily mean you won't like it. Just make sure you know what you're buying."
76561198006815863,Not Recommended,285190,31410997,Posted: 28 April,all,robrobbson,"My first refund ever.After loving to play Dawn of War 1 and 2 I did at least expect that some of the good features would be implemented.I was deeply disappointed. There is no progression (leveling characters, different equipment...), no campaign map, linear story, the building system got a mayor overhaul. There is no last stand system in multiplayer (which was really fun).I could not check if the story is any good, after seeing the new model of Captain Angelos I just had to quit."
76561198023479215,Not Recommended,285190,31410913,Posted: 28 April,all,Wabbajack,"UPDATE: Steam approved my refund.I bought this, messed with the army painter, looked at the different doctrines and elite units, then messed around in the army painter for a bit. The misgivings I had after reading some of the reviews were reinforced rather than remedied. Then I played all three tutorials, quit the game, and submitted my refund request.I have no idea why they chose to go in the direction they did with this game. The comparisons to a MOBA are not without merit; from the unit health bars to the multiplayer, this game was heavily influenced by those types of games, and to say otherwise is myopic at best and disingenuous at worst. If you can overlook that, knock yourself out, but I'm not interested.A new game in a series is supposed to add to the experience, and this game feels like it is mainly removing features instead of creating new ones, and the few new ones it does trot out are highly suspect. While Dawn of War 2 departed rather sharply from Dawn of War, its innovations were significant enough to allow it to stand out on its own merit. That is sadly not the case with this game. Everything I looked at made me cringe, and in the end I just couldn't get past the MOBA-inspired style nor the fact that the races were Orks, Eldar and Space Marines. Bleh. Even the intro was boring.Also, I'm sick of the Blood Angels, and I have no idea why we're saddled with that chapter yet again when there are so many others to choose from. Heck, they could have been truly innovative and let the players lead a custom chapter/craftworld/warparty/whatever, but I suspect that ideas like that don't survive the corporate climate where this title was grown. And can we talk about the lack of unit options? Do me a favor, look up how many different types of units are available to each faction in tabletop. Yeah, there are tons. I'm not saying that ""ZOMG EVERY SINGLE ONE SHOULD BE IN TEH GAME!!!!!111!!!"" for the game to be good, but a bit more diversity would be a welcome change, especially after the barren desert that was Dawn of War 2.If you want to see what this game should have been like, pick up a copy of Dark Crusade and download the Firestorm Over Kronus mod (also known as Firestorm Over Kaurava or Purgation Of Kaurava) and ask yourself why a bunch of fans can do something so great on their own time and without the resources that Relic has. To charge $60 for this game is insane. Save your money and buy it on sale if you must, but I would avoid it like the plague."
76561198286511382,Not Recommended,285190,31774290,Posted: 15 May,all,drabberfaun 535,worst dawn of war game yet(yes including those)rate E for exterminatus
76561198143286063,Not Recommended,285190,31423681,Posted: 28 April,all,raja.hussain10,Complete waste of time no choice in how you tool out ur squads no selection of heroes to choose tiny multiplayer map . After 8 hours of waiting to download this  rubbish i was pleased with the opening graphics then played the game and i wwas extremly disapointed. This no where near as good as dow1 this is the secound time this franchise has dropped the ball dont bother buying this.
,Recommended,285190,31514902,Posted: 2 May,all,Silent&Deadly,"To those tweens who listed this game as a MOBA,You're all entirely mistaken. This is an RTS much like Starcraft, Command & Conquer, or Warcraft. The multiplayer may confuse people mainly because of how it functions. In multiplayer you have your base and you fight the enemy for multiple static resource points, most closely resembling king of the hill gameplay. The points are layed out in a mirrored fashion inbetween the two teams. Naturally the teams are going to take the quickest route to the points with their units but that is as close as the maps get to having ""lanes."" I loved the campaign especially the voice acting for the orks. I would recommend this game for any RTS lovers, the OrK race especially for micro managers.TL:DR Little kids be trolling, it's an RTS."
76561198004847104,Not Recommended,285190,31421673,Posted: 28 April,all,Pony The Meat Beat,Should have given it a different name. This is nothing like either Dow1 or Dow2. It is pretty much LoL with a 40k skin.
,Not Recommended,285190,31400529,Posted: 27 April,all,BUSTIN MAKES ME FEEL GOOD,"So they brought back buildings and builder units, which is nice.But unfortunately they decided to absolutely MASSACRE the ""strategy"" aspect of this formerly RTS franchise and make it some pseudo-MOBA meme.Not worth $60."
76561197970333133,Not Recommended,285190,31408697,Posted: 27 April,all,Sloppyplop,"I've played every DoW game, one of my favourite franchises, thought they really inovated RTS well with DoW2.This is plain garbage. I don't know what this is trying to be genre wise, but it hits none of my buttons, also has a comically second rate campaign. Half an hour in but it's enough trust me, exceptionally shallow single player experience, feels very bolted on to a multiplayer first game."
76561197988088832,Not Recommended,285190,31424208,Posted: 28 April,all,RyanAvx,"It's been a while after release and things have settled. Many of the balance issues have been fixed, new modes have been added, there's been more optimization and bug fixes, but all of it has hit too late.The game at peak time now struggles to maintain 1000 players. Many of them have left because of the balance issues and just don't want to come back, many have been thrown off by the change in art direction and gameplay, and many more, like me, are now leaving because there are not enough people online.It takes me upwards of 5 minutes to find a single match, compared to just after release where it took less than a minute. You end up fighting the same people because the player pool isn't big enough.Because of this I've uninstalled the game and will not be picking it back up. I've had more than my money's worth but I, and all of us, should have had so much more from this game. Ultimately, it's added to the great pile of Warhammer dissapointments.My review is positive, but I can't recommend this game for multiplayer, and can only see the player base dwindling even more, that said, the game was great while it lasted. Here's hoping there is a sequel and it fixes every issue people have with the game - it's the only way to save the franchise and bring the players back.Old Review Below.Well what a wild ride that was. I Just finished the single player campaign on normal mode - totalling in at about 15 hours. Thoroughly enjoyable and definately 40k. The cutscenes were amazing, the story had twists and turns (and a nice little cliffhanger) and overall it was great experience.Pros- Smooth performance and no errors- Good graphics- Great music- Great cutscenes- Lengthy campaign (though not much replayability)- Classic Dawn of War 1 gameplay with a twist- Elite units feel great to use and a wide variety to choose from that you can use in campaigns too.- Earn experience for your elite units in campaigns- Campaign was a great tutorial for all 3 races- Great experience, battles feel epic, they feel like 40k.- Expansion and next 2 races confirmed can't wait.Cons- Only 1 multiplayer mode (bring back victory points!)- Some elite units are too niche to be useful- Alternating race in campaign felt jarring to begin with and you can struggle if you're not good as a race.- Flamer on tactical squad is an ability rather than a weapon, please fix! :<- Campaign ended.You guys might be noticing that the majority of negative reviews complain about the game 'being a moba' This is because of the only multiplayer game mode, where you need to destroy the enemy power core and the turrets guarding it to win.It goes without saying that you should just ignore those reviews as they don't really offer any real substance besides an arguement that's obviously wrong. If you like Warhammer 40k, and you like Dawn of War, the chances are you're going to enjoy this game."
76561197962293795,Not Recommended,285190,31910107,Posted: 22 May,all,AnythingGoes,"While I can appreciate the attempt at following up a GREAT series with a 3rd addition, this was a majorly failed attempt. You'll find little content and what content there is, isn't good by any standard. DoW2 has better graphics and both 1 and 2 had superior game play by a long shot . The game feels unfinished, thrown together.I'd stay away from this one on all fronts. It's not good, it's not OK, it's downright awful. Sorry Relic, you missed the mark on this one.GL if you do by it,Joe"
76561198271688646,Not Recommended,285190,31468718,Posted: 30 April,all,Hingle McCringleberry,"WHAT A HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT.What I expected from this game: A return to dow's roots, I expected a game that felt and played very much like the original game and its expansions only with even more customization, new unit's (bikes?!?), even more squad options (multiple types of captains for a squad (one melee and one ranged?)) and a robust compaign that really tried tp draw the player. The only thing that they have improved on from dow1 was the horrendous unit collision (which was fixed in dow2 anyways.)What I got from this game (and why I almost immediately returned it): A ♥♥♥♥ing rts/moba hybrid♥♥♥♥♥♥baby that mocks the world that GW built (a dude in terminator armor flipping through the air??!?!?!??!!?!??!!??), 0 squad customization and a campaign that literally made me want to off myself after the first mission. It feels like they wanted to make an esports game, if this was the case then they should have just held off on dow3 and made another copy pasta♥♥♥♥♥♥moba that a few thousand people play religiously for no apparent reason. Instead they took what was my fondest gaming memories from my earlier years as a gamer and crushed them with a dirty,♥♥♥♥♥♥covered boot. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, I don't see how anyone who has played dow1 or dow2 could enjoy this at all. ""But they added imperial knights d00d those r sik!!!"", yea sure the big units in this game are really cool looking and they make some big pretty colored explosions but when they get into melee combat it looks nothing like the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥you see in the trailer. It looks like 2 rockem sockem robots just wailing on eachother with 2 attack animations until eventually one just falls over (usually the imperial knight).DONT WASTE YOUR GOD DAMN MONEY THIS GAME IS WORTH $20 AT MOST."
,Not Recommended,285190,31564033,Posted: 5 May,all,DeusExMachina,"I bought this game out of brand loyalty. I love the DoW series, none more so than DoW 1.Like:Predator tanks continue to be amazing to watch at work.Orks are amazingly fun to watch as they scheme orky plans.Waaagh towers have a great new concept.Dislike:Gameplay is repetitive and only rewards micromanaging hero abilities.Regular units have barely any use outside of the late game units. Heroes are basically the only way to make an army viable.Campaign is plot is predictable and a repeat of different elements of the previous 2 games.No campaign map choices like DoW 1 or 2, obligation to play all 3 races feels like a forced Tutorial for the multiplayer.Music is not as good as as before.Lack of War Gear makes the game lose any customization choices for the heroes.Units are upgradable with activated abilities for the most part, making the micromanaging even more tedious for large armies. DoW 1 for instance, once a unit was given a grenade launcher, would make use of it, but once a squad is given a flame thrower, unless the player activates it for each unit in his army, it becomes pointless.No more cover system, making defensive armies less interesting to use. The creation of ""strategic points"" to ""conquer"" which provides a shield does not mitigate this fact, as they are often placed in such a way as to be easily circumventable, and with buggy behavior often leading them to remain unused.From the studio who made Homeworld, DoW 1-2, CoH 1 and 2, I expected a lot more. The only thing I can think of that really changed, is SEGA buying Relic."
76561198015894689,Not Recommended,285190,32029988,Posted: 28 May,all,madtyzer,game crashes on start up. running more than the requirerd specs for it and yet have not managed to play a single mission
76561198035255584,Not Recommended,285190,31512565,Posted: 2 May,all,Whytesmith,"I came into this game with an open mind just looking for my Warhammer fix at least, this failed to provide that with the extremely weightless combat and generally uninteresting visuals and assets. A couple good ideas and set pieces here and there on the campaign levels but that's it, I cannot be nicer about it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31511760,Posted: 2 May,all,Young Freak,"At first when i saw the announcement of DoW 3, i was expecting it to be released at the end of 2017 or later... The game was in alpha branch, for a long time... until closed beta... hah.. Even now, in release version, i see ""Not Final"" sign on the loading screen, just like it was in beta.Bugs, broken balance, lack of multiplayer maps as well as the races, only MOBA gamemode. Yeah...Honestly, it looks more like CoH 2 crossed with Starcraft than DOW 1 or 2. The only analogy is W40K universe.Surprisingly i enjoyed the campaign, but AI was terrible.This game better get some content before selling itself for such high price.It's have to be in Early Access. Forget about DoW III for now. That's my advice."
76561198072628303,Recommended,285190,31455430,Posted: 29 April,all,Great Leader Rommel,"I just finished the campaign on hard and I have to say, what a ride that was. Each mission felt unique and different. Each mission also had a variety of objectives so it didn't feel like you were doing the same thing over and over. Even the last two missions were something I have never experienced in an RTS before. Overall I've been having a ton of fun with the multiplayer and the campaign is well worth picking the game up as it is. For the emperor baby."
76561198082001556,Not Recommended,285190,31446379,Posted: 29 April,all,Jesus99,Im a huge fan of the 40K-genre and I can´t express my utter disgust for this game.Don´t throw your money at this piece of crap.
76561198066850082,Not Recommended,285190,31398694,Posted: 27 April,all,Radiant Wh40k,"Wish i never bought the game and here is why:-Pros:1.Warhammer 40k theme-Cons:1.I emagined the game to be RTS with epic campaign just like DoW and DoW2 campaigns with jawdropping ambience,story,music and voice acting.So in this department the game disappoints.2.Too expensive for what it is worth.59,99€ should not be the price of this game in my opinion.Lacks content,feels unfinished,feels like early acess game.When i say lacks content i mean lacks mutiplayer modes,lacks races,maps etc etc.3.Low playerbase.4.VERY unbalanced races."
,Not Recommended,285190,31756161,Posted: 14 May,all,Wiggles,Was extremely over hyped for this game. Love warhammer but I cannot recommend this game. It is average at best. The unit pathing is very poor. Feels like starcraft dragoons all over again. Was very sad to see no coop and was not a fan of being forced to play factions I was not interested in playing. I have never been an amazing RTS player so the campaign was a big deal to me but felt like the difficulty scaling was very poor. Even on the easiest of difficulties the game ramps up tremendously in the last few missions.  Compared to last 2 games this one feels very unpolished. Also I'm not sure why but it seems each time a game comes out in this series they change the way weapons behave. Lascannons for example went from behing slow firing hard hitting guns to rapid fire barely noticeable damage per hit.I will say they did a great job on the orks and how they behave.Would only recommend to hardcore warhammer fans.
76561197982546469,Not Recommended,285190,31518512,Posted: 2 May,all,Inquisitor Rex,As it stands right now I can not reccomend DoW III.It took me over an hour to get the game to play correctly first there was a blank screen and no sound after intro video played then after I found out how to fix that when I went to play the game I could not move camera with the mouse or keyboard.After farting around with that I have noticed some other kittle bugs while I have been playing the game from losing all comands for the units to units falling through the map and running around under it.When I get to play the game I have enjoyed it but with all the little bug I will not recommend it.As it stands right now I would much rather play DOW II (From what I have play I think DoW II plays a lot better then III its more about tactics then rushing orcs with a lot of guys) but I do hope they fix the game.
,Not Recommended,285190,31610689,Posted: 7 May,all,Buntaro,"Strategy? What Strategy? The game was expected to combine the best elements of DOW1 and DOW2 franchises - strategic map with campaign bonuses, in-depth development of commander and hero units - instead it brings none.The singleplayer campaign is just plain underwhelming: the plot is predictable and its simplistic dialogue feels like it was written by an overworked intern because it states the obvious so many times.Micro-management of units, for some reason (probably for multiplayer), turned up to 11."
76561198106460742,Not Recommended,285190,31610694,Posted: 7 May,all,ZincGoblin,"So many mixed reviews, I know I will get support and hate from both sides, and neither making much sense so I am just going to leave what I thought was so awful about DoW3:The campaign missions are awful; So many missions just have the player as the Elite Commander unit, facing waves and waves of basic tier units that turn fights into slow marches.The lack of maps/modes/units/structures is awful; Four structures and ten kinds of units for six maps and one game mode hardly makes a game a good RTS.The final mission is abyssmal; [SPOILERS] The last boss is focused on stunning it so it can't do anything at all. The loading screen is full of hints solely on this.The Elite units simply ruin the need for tactics or RTS; There's no need to find ways to counter enemy armies with high ground heavy teams beyond the first five minutes. Once players have Elites out, it's just a tug of war between which one lasts longer.The forced play for all three factions is a turn off; I hate playing Eldar and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weak units. Orks were just outright irritating with how many missions consist of ""You get a raiding party of five basic squads and a commander, go take out an entire base. Now do it three more times.""The campaign itself was only enjoyable to a minimum. I don't normally like Orks and yet I enjoyed them the most, with how comical they are in the campaign. The missions hardly had any attempt to have base building, and if at that, it was just for defense.The orks are pretty powerful in skirmish mode, considering how versatile they are; If you don't think so here's some examples. Each faction has unique mechanics. Space marines get the drop pod production and flag banner, Eldar get global warping and battle focus, Orks get WAAAGH banners with scrap, and a rokkit barrage. The orks get the best of the entire deal here. The rokkit barrage destroys all units, and almost kills structures and elites. Their WAAAGH towers are the only defensive turrets in the game, and generates scrap which can make even the lowest Slugga boy into a heavy unit. And all their units have this option. So Orks get to be aggressive, defensive turtles, harassers because there's no retreating from melee, they get the best combos, and most devestating mechanics.Not even going to mention how DoW3 couldn't be compared to DoW1 RTS mechanics, or DoW2 tactics."
76561198015500332,Recommended,285190,31470995,Posted: 30 April,all,YazzleDazzle,"I enjoy this game.I loved DoW1 and while part of me was hoping to get more of that here, if I take my nostalgia goggles off, I have a blast with this game. Its fast paced, punishes playing overly defensively and its fun. The lack of factions is something that all the DoW games have had at launch so I'll give it a pass here as the 3 are really fun and diverse. I'd rather 3 unique playing factions to 10 that are just reskins of each other. The campaign isn't the best out there but I'm having a lot of fun. There are things to complain about but they are overshadowed by the fun I have playing this game. If you can take your nostalgia goggles off and stop expecting another DoW1 or 2 and instead expect another change of the formula which Relic does so well, you'll have fun."
,Not Recommended,285190,31407404,Posted: 27 April,all,David Novacat,"This game is appuling. Reflecting on its predecessors it offers a woeful experiance.- Its basically a MOBA now. There is no gameplay options other than the MOBA style maps and escalation rules. You HAVE to have an internet connection to play this game.- Relic DRM see's it so you do not gain XP for an idiotic leveling system of perks and heros.- I sense they are going to be making sure everyone pays through the nose for ultimate heros content and DLC's,not to mention new races if they ever make any. The graphics and feel of the game is no were close to what I would concider to be cannon to the 40k universe, everything looks like a fisherpricce version of itself.- The AI is patheticly easy. I used to see at least some semblance of a challenge in the previous games of Dawn of War, now on the hardest difffaculty I can just toy with the AI untill im bored. Comp stomps are dead.You let me down Relic."
76561198059665543,Not Recommended,285190,31427682,Posted: 28 April,all,Omnius™,Go find Dawn of War ULTIMATE APOCALYPSE on MOD DB. Download Dawn of War Soulstorm again and integrate the mod. It trumps this game in EVERY CONCIEVEABLE WAY. The only thing I can think DOW UA doesn't have over DOW3 is graphics. GG Relic for completely failing your playerbase.
,Not Recommended,285190,31552027,Posted: 4 May,all,stlaind,"This game seems like it tried to take all of it's queues from Dawn of War 1, Dawn of War 2, and a fair bit from Company of Heroes 2 and perhaps Warcraft 3 or maybe The Last Stand mode for Dawn of War 2. It suffers for all of that.It tries to be a basebuilding RTS (similar to say.... Dawn of War 1), but doesn't have much variety in the way of how you construct your base, nor is there really much in the way of decisions to make building wise. Resourcing is heavily restricted, even by the standards of the Dawn of War franchise. You simply will not be able to out tech your opponent in a meaningful way, and map design means you will be pretty hampered in being able to rush your opponent.It tries to be a heavily unit focused RTS (similar to say, Dawn of War 2 and to some extend Company of Heroes 2), but the unit commands are clunky, there isn't really great feedback on what stats really do or are and units counter what is something you can only learn by (mostly) error. The unit selection pane is pretty painful to get around quickly, and attempting to tab through different types of units in a group is an exercise in patience. Emperor Help You if you need to find that ONE unit that you haven't used the abilities on quite yet when you have even a moderate force size.The elites and army doctrines are at least widely varied, pulling from quite the variety of available units in the setting. This is somewhat unpredicatble though, as for eldar units that are elites in the tabletop and fluff settings span all the way from your basic troops to your summoned and progression system leveled elites (and literally everything in between). In game even it's not all roses here as this progression is unified for the campaign, skirmishes, and multiplayer. You have a strong likelyhood of being at a disadvantage simply because you haven't focused on that one hero  you want enough, or just simply not having the doctrines available to make an army build and plan function.It tries to have a solid, engaging campaign (definitely like the Dawn of War series has had, or Starcraft 2). This is frankly an utter failure. At least in multiplayer you have the escalation mechanic which leads to you getting more resources at various stages and also grants refunds on units lost. You have none of that in the campaign, and should you lose units working towards one objective you will lose immersion as you then spend 10-15 minutes just replacing the units you had just lost while the AI sends ineffectual units at you in a vain attempt to remind you that it actually exists. On top of all that, you can not even play the campaign while not connected to the internet. I know this isn't THAT huge of an issue with modern connections, but it's still frankly disappointing.The multiplayer is frankly pretty abysmal from an RTS standard. It only released with 8 maps: 3x 1v1 2x 2v2 and 3x 3v3. The design is pretty uninspiring as it seems to have leaned more on heavily constricted maps such as one would see in a MOBA,  providing very predictable attack paths. On top of this, there is heavily punitive rush protection built into the maps, with a turret that's pretty much exactly a progression check to ensure that you have a an army that isn't just troops available early on. Resourcing is a return to largely Dawn of War 1, with points on the map providing all of the income you will ever get. These are appropriately placed outside of the base defense, which does provide incentive for early skirmishing.I am judging this game by a pretty high standard, as it is a successor to the previous Dawn of War successes (all of which I loved - with one notable exception: Soulstorm), and it does have a fairly high cost at $60 while I'm writing this review. If this were a fresh game without such successful predecessors, it's own setting, and a cost in the $30-$40 range, I might be able to recommend it. As it is, this game has neither the design nor the content to justify it's cost."
76561198031994610,Not Recommended,285190,31517925,Posted: 2 May,all,juxstapo,"After hundreds of hours on the previous titles and almost two years anticipating this one I really, really wanted to love it.The preorder was a birthday gift from my wife, spent much time pouring over news coming from Relic... and after participating in the open beta, then finally downloading my copy.. I realized I can't honestly recommend it.I realize THIS IS ENTIRELY MY OPINION. Since contrary viewpoints are getting rather slammed over on the Relic forums; I know many folks are really enjoying this one and I'm glad. I acknowledge the fact that DoW2 (which was my jumping on point, I retroactively purchased all the previous titles and expansions), was a dramatic departure from forumla, and I loved it. I respect the fact that they are attempting to reinvent the franchise again...I just don't really enjoy it.I've heard it said that the singleplayer campaigns of RTS's are Always bad. They are just a wellspring of suck  whose only purpose is to function as a unit tutorial for the multiplayer. I disagree, looking back on a time when multiplayer was difficult at best and more commonly impossible, many of us utterly enjoyed our RTS singleplayer campaigns. The devs of DoW3 seem to have taken this utterly to heart. My not-quite-two hours with this has been the most drab connect the dots experience I have ever had with an RTS. Swapping viewpoints from race to race prevents you from being invested or even remotely interested in each individual mission, and they really are all structured like peese-easy tutorials on using the various units.. just *using* them; not using them in interesting ways.Naturally the multiplayer experience is more exciting.. the fact that I could hold my own even suggests that the multiplayer in this title is significantly Simplier than previous DoW's.. If you played DoW1, you recall how even though Tactical Marines were SM's first basic ranged unit, you could swap them to melee stance and out-fight any of the tier-1 infantry except for dedicated melee specialists? Or the complications of cover and attaching commanders... none of that here. In fact your line units feel quite inconsequential. Window dressing for the QWE powered Elites. And the Elites are IT, they are the thang, the focus, the point...Granted, almost every unit has a special ability of some kind, but there are no subtleties to those abilities... no buffs/debuffs, nothing deeply tactical... it seems like almost every ability is an stun or delay of some sort, the only variable being the area of effect.(again just my opinion) it feels like  gameplay has been sacrified for shallow spectacle. Like in an attempt to make it more accessible, we oversimplified... it feels less like a wargame and more like two kids scattering toy soldiers all over the table.. ""And my guys shoot your sword guys and then my hammer guy goes KAWHAM!"" [knocks figures across room]  ""Oh yea?! Well my giant space laser blows all your guys up!! SCCHHRROOOOVVVM!!"" [sweeps remaining figures off table]EDIT: Come to think of it, nothing good has Ever come from a game (of a niche genre and set in an even more niche franchise no less) having ***This aggressive an advertising campaign***. Even if we weren't 40k/DoW fans, many of us would have bought this thing due to the subliminal torture being jammed into our skulls from several dozen websites over the last two months"
76561198007601003,Not Recommended,285190,31527109,Posted: 3 May,all,william.hickson,"I have put a bit of time into this game now and i still have some mixed feelings about it. There are parts about it that i love the way the single player teaches and guids you early on before ramping up the difficulty as it goes onward. Then there are the 3 main races all of which feel different enough to provide plenty of fun for many different types of player types. The game runs smooth and so far have had good frame rates and connectivity when playing even at the highest settings.I like the hero passive abilitys as it means even if your heros dont see much action your army still plays differently sometimes giving you quite the edge. The same can be said for the army passive abilitys and it make me very happy to see that the army painter is back as there is nothing better than to see your own personalised units go into battle.However there are many things which i dont like. for example inspite of the varience's between the 3 races the main units all feel simular in terms of base abilitys with many of the squads of different races feeling the same just with different skins. know that the whole point of the battles in this is that they are ment to be bigger than before, which they are however even space marrines who are ment to be some of the toughest warriers in the 40k law feal like they are made of paper. they have balanced this by letting you have potentaly hundreads of them fighing at any one time inspite of the face that the law says each chapter sould only have 1000 men. i know it is probably me being a purist but i would of like to see small but expensive space marrine armys who are a bit tougher and stronger than the other races. or eldar who pack a bit more of a puch without the magic little extra health bar which currently makes them feel almost a tough as the orks or marrines.Then perhaps my biggest bug bear about the whole game the multi-player. it just does not that proper RTS itch i have had for some time now. There is only one game type which is to destroy 3 points controled by the enemy. also you are locked into 2 teams. gone are the days of the free for all madness which make the orriginal such fun in muti player. Then inspite of the fact that they have made a large number of overly powerful heros they have not got last stand which was the mainstay of dawn of war 2's multi player. Then as if to top it there are only a handful of maps which means you will be fighting over the same couple of maps over and over. lets hope the community workshop is able to do valves job for them and provide the content that should realy of been with the game to begin with.Now the base building, yes you can build a base but you can only build production buildings unlike the original which let you place turrents or garrison building. i get that it is probably to make things more fluid and not to have people dug making the battle into trench warfair but it was many such battles in the original that made me love that game and i actualy feel the game has lost somthing not having it in. That may not be so bad but they have removed all cover which was so important in company of heros and the 2 previous members of dawn of war instead replacing it with destructable hard points further reducing posible tactics and making picking your battle sights almost pointless as now you are simply moving from point to point. They have added a new steath idea basicly long grass for you people to hide in which i like but feel that it is under developed some how. it works fine in the campain but so far in muti player has proven to be a bit pointless.over all i feel that this game is lacking somthing i may of just got my hopes to high but i get the feeling that though i will put plenty of time into this game i will keep going back to the original dawn of war if only for the multi player. If Valve add more mapes and game modes into mulit-player i may go back to this but if you are after a good RTS dont get it it feels more like a MOBA with a RTS cover, and i can only say get it if you are a fan of the law and are willing to wait for the expansions or the comunity to sort out the multi player and its lack of variety."
76561198041854334,Not Recommended,285190,32526456,Posted: 17 June,all,Like It Old Skool,"Good game just has no content, 5 missions for each faction and only one game mode with limited maps. Would love to play more just got nothing to do. Ps left game running while afk isnt really 24hrs gameplay to complete."
76561198012279511,Recommended,285190,31408903,Posted: 27 April,all,WhatADeutschBag,Idk.... I like it.
76561198049729979,Recommended,285190,31408986,Posted: 27 April,all,Garet Jax,This is an awesome game with a great campaign and excellent graphics. If you like strategy or the first two DOW games get this one.
,Recommended,285190,31409145,Posted: 27 April,all,Bard,its k
76561198006555723,Not Recommended,285190,31590524,Posted: 6 May,all,Wailing Doom,"In its current format I dont recommend this game, as much as I enjoy the multiplayer. Why?Some of the elements of it is fantastic, dont get me wrong, its got some clever idea's I love, however.It needed to be more like DOW I (more base development, I expected there to be options for turrets, weapons platforms etc).The campaign is terrible and rushed, it doesn't feel like the dow I or II which had brilliant, brilliant campaigns.The fact there is only 3 factions is a shame, as I was hoping for there to be more.If this changes, with expansions, then great, but at present, I'd say im fairly neutral about the game, but since there's no neutral button, i'll have to go with a negative.Its got great potential, just missing some major RTS elements."
,Not Recommended,285190,31511534,Posted: 2 May,all,twisted.mark,"There's not a lot to say, apart from I'm pretty disappointed :(Waited a long time, and the game doesn't feel ""right"".........Best to wait for a Steam sale, I'm sorry to say :("
76561198104242072,Not Recommended,285190,31512673,Posted: 2 May,all,Beefy,"The game itself is OK but another step in the wrong direction...  Away from the original.  Could not recommend at full price as it is  only half a game, 3 races with a very basic roster of troops to choose from. Stormboys r classed as Elite Unit/Hero's FFS. Wait for sale, its worth £20"
,Not Recommended,285190,31469776,Posted: 30 April,all,The Thunder,It lacks content and doesnt feel like either of the other Dawn of war games. The lack of content is bad that it released with 8 maps and nothing unique or interesting about them. Handles more like a comp moba as well since they decided to add toweres and power generator that counts as your heath bar.
76561198002568562,Not Recommended,285190,31469851,Posted: 30 April,all,DoW Is Dead,"Intro: Big DoW Fan, gave the game an honest to god chance despite all the negative reception.Pros: The actual combat is kinda fun. There's a few things I don't like, the heroes who one shot units are very frustrating to play against and you can't really play without using your own. It's all too much about the OP heroes. Other than that the core of the game is actually pretty fun, even if it's very different from other DoWs. There's real potential here.Cons: These are the issues. The game is released in almost a half finished state for 60$. I've had 4 crashes with 15 mins between them by just watching replays. Replays you save vanish into thin air. The game can't even be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to display the name you give your replays. The replays are stocked full of sync errors (which can happen in game as well and lead to a crash). I've had SM vs Orks replays dispaly that the SM is an ork player. What the ♥♥♥♥ doesn't even begin to cover it.Next, you've got a lack of obvious features. Non rebindable keys. What? Can't rotate the camera. Uh-huh. The UI menus are a cluster♥♥♥♥. Tried to introduce this game to a friend and he couldn't find anything. For some reason unlocking things is in INFO instead of out in the open. There are others I can't even remember.Graphic and display options are very lacking.You can't paint certain heroes when part of the appeal of this damned thing is you can customize your army.Everything is hidden behind grinding. Want some heroes? Go grind. Want some doctrines? Go grind. The only place you can really farm well is in the campaign since certain super good doctrines are locked behind hero levels. Some of these are stupidly broken and you don't make nearly any XP in multiplayer. Which leads me into...The campaign is boring and lazy. A crappy rehash of the first game's story with worse voice acting. Gone is the imagination and creativity that went into DoW2's campaign.Pathfinding can go full retard with vehicles and units that throw grenades can get stuck and die if the unit that throws the grenade dies mid animation.Overall: They ask you 60$ for a multiplayer game that's still got several bugs and can't even display replays properly. Pay full price for a beta, thanks but no thanks Reric.You might say this game is getting brigaded but it's not. Despite it's potential, these people are either just lazy or stupid and made a mediocre product. Hiding gameplay features behind hours of a grinding in a competitive game mode? In 2017? This game has the rating it deserves."
,Not Recommended,285190,31469563,Posted: 30 April,all,Karrakaz,"Thoroughly disappointing. Most everything that made the first two games great (which I still go back to play sometimes) are missing from this game. The campaign is lackluster when it isn't downright boring, the 'choose before you play' style of options limits you to doing things a certain way (and if you picked the wrong one, you lose by default)... It's a cavalcade of disappointment and I am truly sorry I cannot refund the game any longer."
76561198072072072,Not Recommended,285190,31423076,Posted: 28 April,all,Malice,"a ♥♥♥♥ing dissapointment. thats what this game is, the campign was so boring. The orks arent that orky. the space marines are ♥♥♥♥ing bouncy bunnies now for some reason, it plays fine in some aspects, just gets dull really fast."
76561198025625383,Not Recommended,285190,31421008,Posted: 28 April,all,Technetium Toolbar,"A huge missed opportunity. The focus is clearly on a very mediocre MOBA. The ""unlocks for skull"" system introduces grinding in a game it has even less business being in than normal.Play DOTA2 if a lane-based Moba RTS is your cup of tea. If you are looking for a grand campaign RTS a'la DoW1 or for a tactical RTS a'la DoW2, play these games. Just stay clear of this uninspired, sloppily-executed clone of better games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31423313,Posted: 28 April,all,Zakmoonbeam,"I don't often take the time to submit reviews, but felt I should on this occasion. I was surprised at what a let down this game is after DoW 1 and 2, which I have played extensively. I don't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥♥about multiplayer, it's the SP campaign I am interested in. Graphically, it seems a step back from DoW2. The controls seem laggy (running a modern I7 and GTX 1080 with 16gb ram). The animations and kills seem lackluster, and even though my playtime is short, my playtime is also over. Refund requested. For those of you that are enjoying this, good for you. I am pleased for you, but this is not my cup of tea and with so many other games to play, I won't be wasting my time with this one until the price comes down."
,Not Recommended,285190,31436477,Posted: 29 April,all,SpringTrap,"Well, played a little bit and I have to say that I am disappointed, greatly so. I have asked for a refund and may revisit later on down the line. I dont understand why this is getting such high ratings in the press...oh wait, yeah I do. Bought and paid for reviews.There isnt enough in this game to justify the price tag, it looks new and shiney, but there is nothing really different from the original games nor concepts. For some that might be fine, but, when you bring out a sequel, we expect more and actually got less. 3 races, about 8 maps, poor campaign. This game could have been epic, but it feels like it was rushed out with half the content missing.Oh well."
76561198060726395,Not Recommended,285190,31439706,Posted: 29 April,all,boxofstuff,"My opinion: Not worth it. Old dawn of war had better RTS elements, COH2 is awsome (this is nothing like it). This has been turned into something between WOW and a bad RTS you would find on a tablet. Movements just feel clunky. Very RPG instead of RTS."
,Not Recommended,285190,31439727,Posted: 29 April,all,Dickbutt,Not worth at full price.Pros:Fancy Graphics and runs very wellGood AnimationsOrcs looks like orcs should that they havent been able to do beforeEach faction is differntCons:Difficulty changes are just damage buffs to enemys and doesnt give more challangeDota style heroesLack of unit varirtyCampain is lack lusterBig battles are just fancy light shows without any oomph to themAll in all its a very lackluster RTS and a horendus DOW game. Go by yourself DOW Soulstorm if you want a good DOW game and Starcraft if you want a good RTS.Only get this game with a heavy discount.
,Not Recommended,285190,34412556,Posted: 22 August,all,TIF_MuNKy,"The game looks fantastic but elements of what made the first game great and the previous one playable are not in this release. Cover which is a fundamental part of the game (and original Warhammer 40K table-top game) has been removed and there is no longer a 'retreat to base' command. It's all just build as much as you can and constantly throw it at the enemy, which gets boring quickly."
,Not Recommended,285190,31408176,Posted: 27 April,all,funch,I was really excited for this game but it ended up being nothing like the rest of the franchise. Forced moba aesthetic on an RTS fanbase. Already requested my refund.
76561198051064526,Not Recommended,285190,31429566,Posted: 28 April,all,Spacemarine Ken,Controls are unplayable
76561198006638678,Not Recommended,285190,31908252,Posted: 22 May,all,Vredefort,"Honestly totally disappointing.  DOW 2 multiplayer was one of my favorite games of all time, granted the campaign was terrible, but in this title they managed to take was was bad in the previous game, multiply it and eliminate the good.  Gone is the subtle strategy that takes so much to master that a skilled player can use to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat creating and exhilirating and frenetic energy and in it's place is joyless button smashing.  There are a tiny amount of maps and the single player was literally painful to finish.  I finished it because I kept hoping against hope that it might improve.  Each level is pretty much less fun and more tedious than the last and the writing and level design seem like they were done by children.  When I read the reviews I literally thought to myself 'those are just a bunch of joyself try hards obsessed with criticism.  I'm sure it can't be that bad and if there are bugs they will fix it over time.'  How wrong could I be.  I really don't see a way that patches can fix this game, I think it's issues are fundamental.Bottom line:  if you really liked dow2 or really like great RTS in general I think you'll be more disappointed than not and should avoid this title for the sake of your time and emotional wellbeing."
,Recommended,285190,31406028,Posted: 27 April,all,Trash,"This is the first RTS game I've been excited for since C&C Red Alert 2Enjoyed DoW1 and 2 (the least: I like my base building), but I strongly prefer 3.It's a simpler approach to RTS that classic C&C players like myself might appreciate(read: no 10 different buildings with 20 upgrades per building/unit)It's a good game in its own right. Research what you're buying into, it's not DoW1 or 2.This is one of the few games I didn't buy on a sale and I didn't regret it for even a second.Graphics and animations are amazing, didn't experience a single crash thus far, no technical problems for me."
76561198009245485,Recommended,285190,31409872,Posted: 27 April,all,DejeTech,"I was weary upon buying this game because of the mixed reviews. But then i decided i have dawn of war 2 might as well get 3. Amazing choice i made! Campaign is fun and the custom battles against AI get really cool. I will not look back, i will look past the reviews and focus on what i want from a game and thats having FUN you will have looooads of fun playing this game! Buy it right now!"
,Recommended,285190,31426406,Posted: 28 April,all,Beam,GOOD GAME
76561198053627184,Not Recommended,285190,31518217,Posted: 2 May,all,My Head's ON Fire!,"It's not a bad game its pretty good. Its not a good game it's pretty bad. LUL I dont know man its a game that captures your attention for like 6 hours in multiplayer and about 2 hours in campaign mode. If they added more maps, if they added more races, if they did some tweaks to gameplay like adding a cover system like DOW 2, and if they added similar play style like DOW 2 this game would be pretty awesome. Otherwise its not worth $60 dollars its more like worth $30 dollars. But if Relic did everything I asked, it would probably be worth maybe $40 dollars in this day and age. Cool ideas though and the new super elites are bad♥♥♥♥♥SIDE NOTE: Change graphics to a more gritty and dark feel would make the game more nostalgic and darkSECOND SIDE NOTE: support SLI properly.... Everyone reading this review with an SLI setup the second card doesn't scale perfectly but it does support SLI sort of, 99% on the first card, 60% on the second card.Overall rating of the game 6.5/10"
76561198013301517,Not Recommended,285190,31417260,Posted: 28 April,all,james,Meh.
,Not Recommended,285190,31427046,Posted: 28 April,all,Zeno,"Listed specs are TERRIBLY misleading, you'll need a much better rig to run this game.I had terrible input lag and constant audio stuttering with everything but my GPU (GTX660) @recommended. GTX660 is an absolute minimum requirement and only if you hate yourself."
,Not Recommended,285190,31405788,Posted: 27 April,all,MadPoppins,"My 1.3 hour experience...Started up...Spent 5 mins setting buggy graphic settings... (hotfixed btw)Play tutorials...What I notice, flat graphics, no tesselation on certain graphics...Cover bubbles...MOBA style hero...stupid blue outline over selected units...same bright blue emcompassing the unit just faded a bit to indicate your unit is in in stealth, because the stealth icon isn't enough, and blue is an awesome color...starcraft-like fog of war vision block...questionable AI, I think it forgot what an attack move was... or Scout Snipers must♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the Orkz koolaid. They just wanted them bad, just real bad...Finished the 3 tutorials, so far I not even put off from the game.Started campaign on Hard, I have played every DoW game on hard, RTS on hard, not insane, not uber duber no room for error difficulty, just hard, challenging.First mission starts, get to the end of the mission, so far i've noticing Hard diffulty just upscales the dmg for the AI. My units are melting like butter, but there's been reinforcements, and health pickups throughout the mission. I lose at the end of the mission, it's just endless waves, and my Heroes dies. I have to start from the begining, there's no save checkpoints.I'm really irked, the mission is not even difficult. I'm using jump assaults, disrupting range, blind grenades, etc. It's just poor mechanics, stupid scaling, and poor design.So I'm really not in the mood to sink time to figure if it gets better, last 2 DoWs kept my attention.From what I guess, they removed the tactical depth, to make more streamlined, rock-paper-scissor skirmish style, with lots of fodder.Maybe Sega should of gave the game to Creative Assembly, ""Total War: Dawn of War"". Man that gave me goosebumps.People will enjoy it no doubt, but not for me."
,Not Recommended,285190,31552685,Posted: 4 May,all,Kristian,"Not in the style of DOW1 or DOW2. Weird half-breed that is not well done. Very repetitive and no reward. Campaign keeps changing your race back and forth wether you like it or not. Your units apart from the special units are a waste of time and resources as they quickly die and you end up sitting for long stretches of time waitiing for resources to build new ones.Not a good successor to the previous games and definately not worth the price,"
76561198045228605,Recommended,285190,31505849,Posted: 2 May,all,Lunar Primarch,Dawn of war III is a fugrn game and is a great refreshing chapter in the series. While i love the game there is one thing that I do not like. The problem is there is only three base races . As a chaos player in the Table Top I was hopeing to see chaos or even some of the other factions in the Warhammer universe.
76561197976483516,Not Recommended,285190,31464331,Posted: 30 April,all,Rhophius,"Not worth the £40 i paid for it, campaign is short with very little unit difference, just a cheap Company of Hero's knock off, will have to keep it since ive gone past the 2 hour refund time"
,Not Recommended,285190,31461725,Posted: 30 April,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Note, I don't do multiplayer save for AI skirmishes, so this review is limited purely to the campaign and technical side of DoW3.Now, Dawn of War 3 was about what I expected, though lacking in a few spots. Starting off on the technical side, the game runs pretty good. I've the game set to it's highest settings on a 1600x900 resolution. A few frame drops here and there, but nothing serious, lowest experienced was about 45 for mere seconds. The game looks great, a larger color palette which makes for some great atmospheres to play in with what I think to be a great art design and captures the image of the Warhammer universe very well. The controls are what's to be expected of any modern RTS with good hotkeys and a number of abilities available to your heros who you'll have in every mission along the way.As for the story itself, it's pretty run of the mill. Chaos is strangely absent for the longest time, the Orks are on another WHAAAGH!!!!, the Eldar are up to their old tricks and the Space Marines as are zealous as ever and everyone just keeps digging their graves deeper while picking at each others throats. The story in some effect is picking up where the original Dawn of War left off, though sometime later with Gabriel Angelos at the helm of the Blood Marines and that sneaky 'ol Warboss Gorgutz scheming his way to have an epic WHAAAAGH!!!!! along with some new characters here and there. Though my campaign I only encountered one game breaking bug in the last level, though I've heard there are game breaking bugs thoughout the campaign where events or triggers wig out and leave you only with the option to restart the mission.As for overall gameplay, Dawn of War 3 seems to follow a mix of what DoW 1 & 2 implemented. Big armies along with an emphasis on squad based gameplay. Another mechanic put in is the use of elite units which you can call to the battlefield and help turn the tide. The balance seems well maintained between squads and large armies, though the total lack of light and heavy cover, use of structures for cover and the such take a bundle away from the DoW experience. Instead opting in for specific heavy cover points which are captured in the same manner as a requisition point. Along with that, there are zero defence structures, so all defence is based around the use of a squad protecting your base. Though at least half the campaign missions revolve around squad based combat without the use of a main base. In all things I'd say they were attempting to mimic Starcraft 2 to some extent, but have failed in several ways by taking away some of the unique mechanics that made DoW special.This is where I make my biggest issue with this game. In AI battles, which work the same as MP, it's set up more like MOBA arena with lanes. The only way to defeat enemies is to take out specific targets which are shield generators, gun turrets and finally a power core and still with the lack of a proper cover system over the heavy cover captures. Though the game play is like how DoW should be, it seems to lack the original spirit.So honestly, I can't recommend DoW 3. I like it, I really do, but it's been stripped, streamlined and pushed to cater to a more specific audience while taking away some of the most important features of what DoW should be. If you really want to play this, wait for either the price to lower or if you've $60(USD) to burn, go for it. Otherwise, go for one of the original DoW games such as the original DoW, Winter Assault, Dark Crusade and et cetera. They are much better DoW experiences.Pros:-Game looks fantastic-Runs smooth like warm butter on toast-Proper variety in the campaign and missions feel like they're suited for the race you play as in the specific mission-Sound design is excellentCons:-Total lack of other races, only Eldar, Space Marines and Orks-Some game breaking bugs, experienced and discussed-Not reflective of a DoW experience and mechanicsSo in the end, it's a soft no. I'm kind of conflicted whether to recommend this game in it's current state. So take the no recommendation as a very soft no. As said, I like the game, but bits and pieces just don't feel right."
76561198007092813,Not Recommended,285190,31461943,Posted: 30 April,all,WalkinWoundd,I was really looking forward to this game for a long time but I was deeply disappointed and got a refund within 2 hours of playing. It has no depth whatsoever and strategy is almost none existent. The cartoon graphics and oversized Elite units make me think they were targeting this game at pre teens but I can't imagine they will be fans either.They have removed everything that was good about DOW2 and this feels like a free game that you would download for the iPad (not in a good way...)
76561197979195770,Not Recommended,285190,31461963,Posted: 30 April,all,†Padre†,"Finished all campaign and played some multiplayer. The game at its current state is not worth it. Campaign is bare bones, libnera, heavyly scripted and feels like tutorial then anything else.Balance in MP is out of the window, unites die too fast, cost too much and not all make it worth the cost. No retreat button as well so get rdy to loose a lot. only 8 maps and all about power generator->turret>power core. cant rush either not any stratigic places other then ""shilded cover"" which once destroed are lost. If you jsut started- tought luck because of doctrines that can make some unites overpowered and you need skulls to unlock them (play campaign and MP) or get them by reaching lvl 8 with specific commander. Unlocking additional commanders cost skulls as well.Base building is nominal. you wont be able to afford multiple buildings of same type due to cost and resource generation.Elite unites are broken, 1 high cost unite can wipe out all your army and you cant do anything about it.in its current state feels like middle of the beta.3/5"
76561198004544835,Not Recommended,285190,31412999,Posted: 28 April,all,Wolfens余,"破曉之戰二代全系列，我打了快兩千小時，這遊戲對我來說真的是 Starcraft 40,000: “League of Legends""，評價80分，是款好遊戲，但是不推薦，因為我在等的遊戲是破曉之戰三，不是一款其他遊戲。體驗總評：★★★★☆畫面呈現：★★★★☆音效呈現：★★★★☆音樂呈現：★★★★☆操作設計：★★★☆☆內容深度：★★★★☆優點：＋經典RTS聖火傳承（詳見總結）＋戰鎚40K（光這點就能加分）＋戰役呈現豐富＋具特色與多變的技能組合＋戰鬥場面壯闊＋深入打擊、碎片回收、神靈網絡，獨特且非常到位的陣營特色。＋煙幕、高地優勢，視野與情報戰扮演了關鍵角色，大大提高策略性。＋簡化過的小隊血量使得部隊強度較容易追蹤。缺點：－經典RTS聖火傳承（詳見總結）－操作不便、尤其是部隊的選取判定極差。－大量單位交戰時，肉搏小隊的群體運動能力欠佳。－奇耙的CC技判定。（詳見說明）－戰鬥特效過強，遮蔽部分要戰場資訊。－地圖配置過於線性。（詳見說明）－沒有掩體（那個泡泡掩體其實應該是“中立建築”）－召喚英雄不消耗一般資源的系統。（詳見說明）－毀天滅地基地塔。－畫面整個退化成星海的水準。－只有三個種族，沒有卡奧斯，擺名DLC。（苦笑）－可以跳兩層樓高還空翻的終結者加百略。（持續苦笑）評論說明：整體來說還算不錯的即時戰略遊戲，但是，相較二代來說有許多怪異的改變讓人擔憂。最明顯可見的是線性的地圖配置與移除掩體機制，導致遊戲的戰鬥位置完全是用「點」來思考的，監聽哨提供了非常好的防禦加成，更強化了這個特徵，那個泡泡護盾基本上是以前紅警「中立房屋」概念，而不是掩體，在「中立房屋」裡面除了火焰槍和肉搏能傷害你，其餘的遠程傷害都是直接由泡泡的血量吸收。還有我一定要抱怨，沒事學什麼MOBA的毀天滅地塔，真的是畫蛇添足... 何苦要拆那些鬼東西... 拆HQ不行嗎？  一定要有雙城奇謀？回歸正題，其實影響遊戲體驗最糟糕的缺陷，我認為有兩點，這兩點都算是細節...其一，戰鬥中選取部隊異常的困難，尤其是肉搏單位交戰時，循徑四散各處，非常難控制，加上CC效果全隊共享，造就了一人中獎七人同飛的壯闊場面，整個小隊只有一個人被彈飛技能打到，另外七個離很遠的人，也會飛起來，堪稱奇景。其二，英雄召喚不會消耗一般的資源，而是只消耗精英點數，照目前英雄的強度，你比對方早60秒多一支英雄，是天差地的差距，你能出五隊兵，對手也能出五隊兵，但是如果對手能出5兵+2英雄，而你只能出5+0或是5+1，基本上就輸了，導致目前主流都是低點數英雄稱霸，尤其是2+3=5點的英雄搭配非常強勢（死亡守望+智庫之類的)，採用後期英雄的回報率相對低。換個角度看，其實這款遊戲是很有樂趣的RTS，有策略、有操作、有戰術變化，還有史詩的戰鬥場面。英雄都獨具特色，技能組合、協同性多變，可以依照個人風格組合，陣營特色也做得非常到位，高地視野優勢與躲藏區也替整個遊戲添增了許多策略變化，針對目前遊戲方式也搭配了很多對應的優化，運作相當順暢。總結：我相信如果這款遊戲如果不是叫破曉之戰三，而是叫個「戰鎚40K：凱恩之矛」（依劇情命名）之類的，應該會是一款成功的RTS，但破曉之戰系列的聖火傳承重擔，它背負不起。遊戲本身有足夠樂趣、策略、變化、誠意，但是前作太多成功的地方被本作捨棄，身為二代的忠實擁護者，我倍感憤怒，錢給你，有辦法就做四代吧，別再搖擺不定了，紅色警戒三也是這樣死的，不要挑戰自己族群的底線，我們錢給你是因為喜歡上一次的玩法，不是給你做一款不一樣的。"
76561197978380336,Not Recommended,285190,31423210,Posted: 28 April,all,Vallen,It's like a    r e t a r d e d    version DoW 2
76561198284263604,Not Recommended,285190,31563735,Posted: 5 May,all,Dora the Destroya,"Slow paced, but micro intensive RTS game which combines elements of starcraft II and MOBA's.Nice idea, but bad implementation. So much comfort features missing, controls feel slow and cluncky. No detailed ingame tooltips (how much damage and ability does, how long a buff lasts etc.) and you won't find these informations anywhere (there is no official website with the accurate numbers, no wiki,...)."
76561197979947252,Not Recommended,285190,31564360,Posted: 5 May,all,Sapperactual42,"This review hurts the most to post because I love DoW. I'm a huge Warhammer player with almost 15 years playing tabletop and every Warhammer game I can get my hands on, but DoW3 is not a game in happy to have included in my list. The dev's decided to forgo everything that made the previous DOW games great by trying to appeal to the most casual players and MOBA players to try and grab a new esport market.DoW was never about competitive play and the new Relic team have completely jumped the shark with this game. Your armies aren't there to make battles bigger, tougher, and better, instead this time your army is only there to provide extra health to your Elite units and in turn your enemy army is only there as creeps to make your Elites better for the next game.The best part about esports is how they naturally develop among a playerbase, the worst esports are ones built from the ground up by the devs. There is a lot that could be done to this game to fix it and make it a true Dawn of War 3 by the community and mods, but barring that the only thing we will see from DoW3 is the end of the franchise at the hands of people with the worst ideas imaginable for a strategy game; removing strategy from the game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31836389,Posted: 19 May,all,MITROS,"3/5My expectations from this game were very high , the campaign is horrible.the only real reason i bought this was to control those GIANTS imperial knights , wraithknights & of course the BEAUTY !the game lacks only in story which i feel is the most important part of dawn of wars series.the Lore is so good , i dont know why they are releasing the game with such crappy storylines"
76561198012558516,Not Recommended,285190,31662573,Posted: 10 May,all,Dietz,I have always been a fan of Dawn of war but this is just not up to relic standards . To be honest it feels uncomplete and just thrown together. This was my first pre order and i got what i deserved. The game is still fun to play but just not as good as any other Dawn of war. very disapointed in the overall. It was not worth 67 dollars.
76561198013748111,Not Recommended,285190,31408539,Posted: 27 April,all,Ἀχιλλεύς,I thought as sequels to Dawn of War came out they would get better not worse. I was wrong. Played it for a bit but did not feel in anyway compelled to continue or retain any sense of satisfaction. Hopefully they add better gamemodes and maps.
76561198043208189,Not Recommended,285190,34836618,Posted: 9 September,all,Zorhenk,"I can't finish this game because of a bug : elite don't level up. ( i forgive the character stuck in some invisible wall, the health of the units, angelos who do frontflip and the multiple crash)Shame on you relic"
76561198160232246,Not Recommended,285190,31400785,Posted: 27 April,all,MuleyS,Refunded.. I was looking forward to this but was another waist of time like BFG.I hope others can enjoy it but I wanted a game more like dark crusade so clearly it wasn't going to work between us!ps. game play doesn't look much like those images above.. the graphics are bad on highest setting not quite sure why dow 2 looks better :s
,Not Recommended,285190,31402905,Posted: 27 April,all,Omega4500,"Not great at all, graphics are worse than DOW 2. Voice acting is poor and the gameplay is straight up boring."
76561198353254493,Not Recommended,285190,32777988,Posted: 25 June,all,charlie2k,am i lost
76561198122833765,Not Recommended,285190,32745753,Posted: 24 June,all,76561198122833765,"DISAPPOINTING! A waste of money which I wish I could get back! The game looks great visually because of the graphics and smooth gameplay, but unfortunately the actual features and content of multiplayer are poor. I cba to go into the detail."
76561198025990800,Recommended,285190,31461910,Posted: 30 April,all,von Moltke,"While I have only played a few hours, I do have to say that I am appealed by this game. Its MOBA-like Multiplayer really irritated me in the beginning, but I really learned to enjoy it. The army-customization is quite marvelous, the different Elite-Loadouts are quite useful (Assault Terminators yaay), and the races are quite well done and balanced.What I don't like is the content I got for my 60 bucks. Three races, a not even huge amount of Elites, very few maps?(I have not played the campaign yet. I will update the review once I have).To conclude, this game has been an enjoyable experience so far, although it surely lacks content- this really needs some Free-LC and DLC."
76561197996637124,Recommended,285190,31449453,Posted: 29 April,all,Felix,"BROTHERS!Do not believe the heretics.  The Emperor hath provideth, yet much criticism has been spread by the lies of Amon.Or for you ordinary folk- the negative flak on steam is unfounded, biased beyond belief, and lacking factual perspective.  So without further adieu- here are some IMPORTANT POINTS.  (Or you can skip to the TL;DR at the bottom)THE GOODUnit Balance is surprisingly well done:  There are outliers, and hero's have a significant presence on the battlefield, but this game sucessfully pulls of the traditional rock paper scissors system of unit counters and strategy counters.  Show me a game that doesn't have balance patches for competitive multiplayer theses days, and I'll show you a game that doesn't have a competitive multiplayer scene.On Release Map Creator:  While the game shipped with 8 maps (DoW2 shipped with 5), there is actually a custom map creator for users.Expandability-  If you look back at previous Dawn of War games-  DoW 1 was fairly content sparse before it was fleshed out in nearly 5 expansions.  Dawn of War 2 had one expansion- Retribution, but it effectively replaced and negated any reason to have Dawn of War 2 original except for the story.  DoW3 is taking a similar model to DoW 1 in the expansion release sense.  This means more polish, more balance, ultimately more content than a single release package.  The base game seems to have a lot of room for such expansions, and the mechanics seem very easy to convert into multiple different game modes.  I WOULD EASILY EXPECT TO SEE A RETURN OF LAST STAND IN ADDITION TO GAME MODES LIKE ANNIHILATION IN THE FUTURE.  Seriously- the mechanics are all there, all the dev has to do is  plug it into the next release- and that is exactly their marketing plan.CombatCombat combines the good elements from DoW 2 with the numbers of DoW1.   The visuals and effects are well done, and neither too blatant or muted.  It's still hard to get to massive armies without a match lasting 20+ minutes, but the ""escalation"" mechanic adds a sense of reality to the battle- going from a small skirmish to a large battle that both sides increasingly invest resources in to see their enemies annihilated.  Many units have special abilities for those who like micromanagement, but superior composition, strategy, and positioning can also win the day.THE OKThe Campaign is decently done-  It's not the most inspiring bit of writing, but it's not poorly written either.  You'd likely enjoy it, but not enough to feel compelled or inspired to play it multiple times outside of achievement hunting.UnitsThere are quite a few well designed, detailed, animated, and done units.  There are also quite a few units that are missing (likely to be included in the future expansions).  Units don't quite stand out as much as in DoW2, but this is not about a couple squads so much as armies this time around.MapsWhile DoW2 came with 5 or so maps on release, DoW3 comes with 8.GrindThere is a grind mechanic for unlocking heroes and abilities similar to League of Legends, earned by playing the campaign or online matches.  It does give a sense of achievement to some extent, and helps distinguish those who have played more from those who are new to the DoW3 experience.BasesBase building exists, but not in the true feel or sense of a classic RTS.  You can set up minibases, but without turrets and power generators, they really are more akin to tactical factories and reinforcement structures.THE BADOptimization could use a touch of improvement.  It still runs fine on an ultra wide with a gtx 1080, but you won't be getting any stellar framerates (40-50fps, GTX 1080, 16gigs ram, 6 core i7, 64bit Win10)Lack of Terrain Scarring- while wrecks and bodies persist, the craters from your explosions do not.  It would have been feasible to make that a toggleable graphics option for those with powerful machines- but I can also understand with the persistent corpses that it might have been a bit too demanding on computer resources.Quick Matches VS Ai even with a group of 3 still takes up to a minute to find, and another 45 seconds to start.  While connections are stable, they are definitely not efficient.The UIThe main menu is a bit chaotic.  Functional, but you may find your eyes bouncing around quite a bit.Lack of the Relic Cover system.  It was complicated before, but awesome.  Still, with the focus on massive armies, and gameplay that is already by some considered overwhelming, the addition of the cover system, while cool, might have been a bit too much for the average player on top of everything else.  Still, the game would have benefitted from this additional layer of depth.SOME REBUKES TO BAD STEAM PRESSTHIS IS NOT A MOBA-  There is a core, a single defense turret, and a shield generator.  This 1) prevents rush games ending in under 5 minutes.  2) The core is no different than a stationary base you start with in almost every other RTS in existence except in theme.  3) Lanes exist in every RTS- map designers since time imemoriable make paths that are intended, while considering alternative paths that certain units have access to.  Show me an RTS, and I'll show you where the lanes are  (Supreme Commander notwithstanding).THIS IS NOT WORSE THAN DoW2 or 1: because it's not DoW2 or 1- it takes some of the tactical focus of Dow2 and blends it with the scaling armies and massing of units found inDoW1.  And does it pretty well.  It could easily become DoW 1 with a small tweak or two to the coding (an annihilation game mode), it could easily become Dawn of war 2 with a few tweaks to the coding (reduced unit cap, stronger individual units, reimplementing cover).   Matches quicker paced than DoW2, and as the matches escalate, the amount of fighting/size of armies starts to reach DoW1 levels.  More importantly, the combat feels powerful.  Tanks obliterate infantry, as las cannons shred choppers from the sky. Infantry scramble to reach heavy cover or reposition to flank, as assault marines drop from above, fully expecting to live very short lives as they enter the center of combat.HERO UNITS ARE NOT TOO STRONGYes, they are powerful, and the ones you access late game are very powerful.  But it is possible to counter them with non hero units by using combinations of faction abilities and good tactics.  There are a couple of outliers that may need a balance touch up, but for the most part, they are quite viable, and quite surviveable.  The beauty of the system is it allows  some of the more powerful units from WH40k lore to actually FEEL like the monstrosities of death they are in the lore.  Yet throwing them out solo onto the field, you feel the pain as something you've waited patiently for being ripped from your ranks.  You genuinely feel the loss because you can't ""just replace it"".  The timed elite points mechanic makes it so that while Elite- they have a unique value that you can feel both when dealing death, and when receiving it.Alot of the flak this game is getting on steam is unfounded as the reviwers- while impassioned, are looking at the game through strong expectation bias- and their negative reviews are spawned because of they personally wanted in a game rather than what the game is: a strong tactical RTS with many strong points and a lot of forward potential. DoWIII is a very worthy successor to the series- with strong gameplay, enjoyable multiplayer, a respectable campaign, and good over all balance.  While by no means perfect, or a full AAA experience, I can't help but feel that this will become a very strong title as more is added over the coming years.--TL;DR--Strong mechanics, graphics, audio, gameplay feelLacking some hallmarks of previous series, but still keeps strong DoW experienceMarketing model aimed at expansions like DoW1Worth getting for full price if you enjoy DoW armies smashing eachother, but also worth waiting if you absolutely require more than three 3v3 maps to have fun."
76561198073197235,Recommended,285190,31607915,Posted: 7 May,all,pgutowsk,Great game.There is a lot of haters but don't listen to them.
76561197992270735,Not Recommended,285190,31469828,Posted: 30 April,all,amp,"Only played some of the campaign so far and it is not leaving a very good impression. Maybe it's the constant switching of armies every mission or the slow trickle of resources coupled with high unit costs or all the micromanaging effort that amounts to little, it all just leads to a pretty boring experience.I like the new graphics though. Maybe it gets better later on but I'm not feeling any incentive to keep going. This just makes me want to play other RTS games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31414172,Posted: 28 April,all,kam,"First off I must say I am a massive fan of all things warhammer and have been for a very long time so as I write this review it is with a very heavy heart. I have played around 6 hours so far and if i had to sum the game up in one word it would be dull.The characters are all wrong its almost as if the devs played the previous games but dont know the lore,You play 3 different factions Space marine, Eldar and Ork and the missions are played one after the other so you dont really get a chance to get into any one faction, well I havent in the time that i have played.Balance is all wrong certain units should not be able to beat other units in a one on one battle.In my opinion the game plays like this with all factions take/ capture/ defend base- heal build more troops move to next area rinse and repeat. yawnthis game is a massive dissapointment its pretty to look at but thats about it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31420874,Posted: 28 April,all,Alex Schezar,"CONS (Also I played the beta)--------------------------------Campaign is a buggy mess (Crashed twice in middle of a mission had to restart)-Only 3 maps per mode (3v3, 2v2 etc)-No ladder / ranked mode-Profiles are buggy and a complete mess-Gameplan is really basic RTS nothing like the first one or second one-Does not feel 40k in the slightest, all the units only have 2 voice lines compared to 15 mins of voice lines of dawn of war 2 they dont even mention the emperor just really generic lines like yes commander.  People in terminator armour are doing big flip jumps.-Graphics are worse than dawn of war 2 (Its really cartoony style does not fit 40k what so ever)-No unique kill animations, all the units just do one melee move over and over again (Barely any blood lol)PROS-------Its fun gameplay even though its really basic-The 3 hero combo / 3 doctrines combo are a really nice mechanicsOVERALL----------A total mess that is only here to steal 40 pound from us, quick cash in on the dawn of war franchise."
76561198005776280,Not Recommended,285190,31402714,Posted: 27 April,all,GenWolf42,"To begin let me write that I love DOW games. 1 and 2 werr great. This is game did what Command and Conquer Twilight did to its franchise. It ruined it by trying to add new elements to a game that it does not need. Kudos to trying something new but do go and try and mash a MOBA objective game into a RTS. Destroy objectives 1,2,3 and you win. C'mon really. Also do you want better Elite units and passives for your team? Well you better grind and grind so you can get more skulls(in game currency that you cant buy.....yet). I will be going back to DOW1 and 2 for a much better and more real RTS experince."
,Not Recommended,285190,31419574,Posted: 28 April,all,Darthe,This game retains absolutely no charm that the previous installations of the game had. And the animations look ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AF
76561197982413800,Not Recommended,285190,31429577,Posted: 28 April,all,iPinch,"It's fun. I enjoyed DoW 1 + 2 a whole heck of a lot, and I enjoy this too. But there are some serious problems that I have.1. Bugs. My game has crashed a handful of times, and I've only played for like 3 hours.2. Sounds effects. How can machine guns sound so weak? Bolters and the GIANT GATLING CANNONS on the Imperial knight sound so dull and non-threatening. It really bothers me just how light and boring the weapons and combat sound. The bashing sounds from the Ork hammers sound like whacking a rubber mallet against a brick wall. It sucks. A lot.3. The visuals. Details on the models are definitely a step back from DoW 2, but that's pretty expected. All the character that the models once had is now pretty much gone, but that comes with larger battles, I suppose. The effects look pretty good, but otherwise it's nothing special. I was floored by DoW 2. I am not even close to floored by DoW 3. Also, no floor level camera! WHAT?4. All the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The super abilities are absolutely stupid. The space marine giant laser blast thing, the Eldritch Storm, not sure what the Orks have but I bet it's stupid. They all last for what feels like a full minute, and it is absolutely impossible for you to move your units out because the abilities move just as fast. Basically, your army that you spent a while building is completely screwed because someone clicked a button. It takes no skill, it massively sucks the challenge away. I realize these existed in the older games, but they took way more planning and skill to trap an entire army.5. Game speed. It feels so sluggish and slow to respond at times that it becomes super, super frustrating.6. Like 9 multiplayer maps. You kidding?---I dunno. All in all, I'd say give it a try. But it doesn't have the same feel as either of the older games, and in fact I think it's a step backwards. Hopefully they put some free content patches out. Maybe a normal skirmish mode?It's okay. Eh. Don't buy it until they change some of the mechanics."
,Recommended,285190,31399176,Posted: 27 April,all,Bigamo,"I have been playing RTS games since 1993 with Dune 2, playing Dawn of War games since 2004 and this one is both the most fun RTS i have EVER played and the best Dawn of War game ever released (since dow2 wasn't a real RTS)."
,Recommended,285190,31466527,Posted: 30 April,all,schnarffle,"Dawn of War III is not a sequel to Dawn of War I or II. It is, better stated, the third entry in the Dawn of War franchise within the RTS genre.For starters, I was a 40k player for 10+ years and played both DoW I & II extensively, and I am very much enjoying my time in Dawn of War III; I also had next to no expectations going in. If all you want is DoW I or II, you're going to be disappointed. This is a brand new realization of the DoW IP. The game is a mesh of Warcraft III's hero system and classic RTS gameplay. This is not a MOBA; those that say it is obviously have no idea what a MOBA is. Yes, the elite units have a lot of emphasis put on them - and yes, they are very hard to kill with your run-of-the-mill troops, but by no stretch of the imagination is this MOBA functionality.There is, however, quite a lot of micromanagement and units with abilities and upgrades. That is not a turn off for me, so I have a good time playing with the dozens of troop and elite activatables. The doctrine system allows players to customize their army of choice with their playstyle of choice, but can be a bit overwhelming at first. My chief complaint here is having to unlock each doctrine with Skulls.The single player campaign, thus far, has been better than average, but not spectacular. The story is interesting and I appreciate getting to play as all three factions. I've completed the first 7 missions at the time of this review, and while each was fun, I havent experienced much in terms of brand-new features that I havent seen in another existing RTS's campaign. That said, the FTUE is really good and gets you used to the basics of each race.For me, Dawn of War III shines within its multiplayer. The negative here is due to only having 8 maps to choose from and only having 1 game mode at launch. I feel like I have to state again that just because there's a generator and a turret doesn't make this a MOBA. It does prevent early rushing and places less emphasis on destroying all of your opponent's structures. The bright side to the lighter content is that its very well balanced and polished. I do hope they plan on adding more down the line.As someone who works in the game industry, I see one of the biggest gribes to actually be a huge strength: this game is made for DLC and content updates. Some people seem to think that the game is incomplete without more races or modes. This is a perfect opportunity for Relic to continue investing in the game, expanding upon its content, and ensuring that the game doesn't lose its developer support. I dont mind paying $10 every few months for a new race. A ton of work goes into making balanced content, and if you truly feel your $10 isnt woth the thousands of man hours that go into making this type of product, then you have a messed up value proposition. You get 2 hours of entertainment out of a movie: $20. How is $10 for 10/20/50+ hours of enjoyment a rip off?I understand some complaints. I understand missed expectations and disappointment. I don't understand how this game has a ~50% rating.4/5 Stars"
76561198029640083,Not Recommended,285190,31586323,Posted: 6 May,all,Gheist,"This game is mediocre. The only thing that even makes this game worth playing is seeing the updated units and even then, most of them are underwhelming.I think the biggest dissapointment is the lack of playable factions. I guess they think that they will make more money if they release the factions individually when in reality they will make less because no one will buy the main game or the DLC.Personally, I doubt they will ever be able to top Dark Crusade. That had one of the best RTS campaigns I had ever played and the multiplayer was equally entertaining, even if it was just a skirmish against the computer. This? Not so much."
,Recommended,285190,31545164,Posted: 4 May,all,JJ,"I dont know why this game is getting so much hate. Its fun and enjoyable which is all you can hope for in a game. People are saying its not an RTS but more on a MOBA, and carry on to say its disgrace the other dawn of war games. This isnt true, sure is has MOBA elements, such as the lanes and the order to kill certain things before you can get to the main power core. But its still a true RTS at the base of it. You build a base, You build units. You control them units to gain ground. An RTS. All together its an hybrid between the two, which in my opinion makes a great and fun game which hopes goes competitive in the futrue."
76561198038393645,Not Recommended,285190,31451913,Posted: 29 April,all,Thegravechild,"This game is the Saga's Sonic Boom of the Dawn war series. Graphics was poor, voice acting was off(orks sounded to friendly to each other) and only about 2 hours in was boring. In the main story its just troop spamming only building troop buildings when you need to reinforce right behind you front line. Dawn of war 2 actully needed good tactics besides troop spaming one to three troop types. If your under 2 hours of gameplay and your hate it; Refund it put that money to a different game altogther or pick up Dawn of war 2 if you havn't played it yet."
76561197963563085,Not Recommended,285190,31441177,Posted: 29 April,all,tfredett [MF],"The game feels unpolished, and trying to bite off more than it can chew. The campaign is lackluster at best, and the primary focus is multiplayer. The progression is pitiful, and options is disgustingly bad, and these are only a few things I am going to mention.I am a 40k fan, and why this may have the 40k license, this is not a 40k game that the emperor would be pleased with.Suggestions would be to improve the options menu, let me customize my options better, let me rebind hotkeys for example. Improve the progression, the dawn of war 2 compaign was amazing, in large part due to the progression. Bring in more game modes, like last stand, I would play hours upon hours of last stand.As it stands, this game is not currently worth the money in my opinion, which is a shame, I will consider revisiting it, if most of the things I previously mentioned are addressed."
76561198005913643,Not Recommended,285190,31415024,Posted: 28 April,all,AnAmazingGuy,"As a huge fan of DoW & DoW II (even though thay have completly different styles), I must admit the merge between the two is not a hit here... The campaign feels like a neverending tutorial and the HEAVILY restricted corridor maps just kills the mood and the strategic aspect of the RTS part.While there is some positive in the lore, voice acting graphics and just being in the WH40k universe overall;The biggest let down is the content (Versus the heavy price!!) If you dont care about multiplayer like me, this is a complet let down. 1 short campaign with only 3 races.. I mean, they could have AT LEAST put in the Last Stand mode which was a BLAST in DoW 2."
,Not Recommended,285190,31518202,Posted: 2 May,all,Fox,Compared to the previous games in the series. This one does not live up to its name. It may be different. It is certainly not better.
76561198043877200,Recommended,285190,31457829,Posted: 30 April,all,Avedon,"Obligatory “Im a big 40k fan and have about 2k hours into the series between all its games”Alright now then to business.DoW3 wasn't the Dawn of War game I was expecting, but it is definitely a worthy successor. People say that this doesn't deserve to have that franchises name because it is so different, and before I tried the open beta, I'd have agreed with them so I definitely understand why some people are reacting the way they were. However Dawn of War has never really had a consistent feel to it. DoW1 and DoW2 are arguably two different franchises.The closest you can find between them is the feeling of over-the-top 40k violence, and how well you can FEEL each race act exactly how you'd expect. And to my surprise, Dawn of War 3 delivered. Incredibly well. The fights are on a level of intensity and scope you couldn't get from the previous games without using mods, and the wide variety of Elites has kept me busy playing around with a multitude of different loadouts.Pros:-The Mechanics: Every race plays quite uniquely. Almost every unit starts with or can upgrade to a special ability or passive to reward good micro and understanding of how to get the most of each race's strengths. Its pakced with “holy ♥♥♥♥ did that just happen” moments where you pull off everything perfectly or find your enemy doing that to you.-The Combat: The battles are intense until the finish with comebacks being very common in the larger games so you can never rest or simply pin your enemies into an area effectively.-The Campaign. It's one of my favourites in Dawn of War yet. The characters are extremely likable, emotional, and the mission well-paced and challenging. Without spoilers:  its a solid 40k story but nothing unique that hasn't been seen before. Infact if you've played all the campaigns the big “twist” of the story is fairly obvious despite their constant attempts to keep revelations mysterious by characters being vague for little to no reason about their plans.Cons:-The Maps. While I don't actually find Power Core a very limiting game-mode, what I DO find limiting is the extremely tiny amounts of maps available to play. Thankfully there is modding support so im hoping to see more player-made maps but this was still a biiiig disappointment. If they knew there was only going to be one mode then they NEEDED to have more maps to offer a variety of different tactical situations and theres really no excuse for the anemic selection in the game right now.-Elite Progression. The system manages to somehow be just deep enough that you'll inevitably be locked out of something you want to try while still being shallow enough that you get no real sense of progression for leveling up your units. They shouldn't have tied doctrines into the system and left it purely cosmetic which would have been much more enjoyable for everyone.-Orbitals. It's extremely frustrating in a 3v3 to have 3 of these army-wipers go off. Especially if they're all aimed at you in-particular one after the other. The Space Marine orbital is probably the strongest and is a guaranteed kill on your Elites if the enemy is guarding their orbital relay, while the Eldar...well I haven't really found anything to be done about it yet other than scatter and run while it chases you down. They unnecessarily stall fights as most of the times its easier and more efficient to simply stop fighting than to try to deal with them.-Visuals. I'm not talking about the art-style. The looks are completely subjective. You either like them or hate them and that's your own tastes and I can't speak for them either way because of that. What I'm talking about is the sheer amount of noise going on on the screen. After a while you learn to tune most of it out but in late-game 3v3s where every team is fighting at once it becomes near impossible to tell whats going on and you often find yourself latching onto your most vital units and sending the rest in a suicidal attack-move hoping something will be left when the dust clears.Summary:Is it ready to stand shoulder to shoulder with the amount of varied content and options offered by the likes of Soulstorm and Retribution?Not yet.But it is a solid start with a very interesting foundation to build off of and a lot of fun for a fan of the series. It's hard to get a good handle on an rts in the small time-frame Steam gives for a refund. So if you've watched some videos and you're still on the fence I'd recommend waiting for them to come out with a clearer road-map of what they plan to add to the game and the direction they-re going for to see if it's something you could look forward to.All in all a good, if flawed game, and I imagine just like the initial DoW2, the outrage and upheaval over the game will begin to settle as concerns are addressed and more people give it a try....unless they try to sell us each expansion as a standalone for the same price then its back to the pitch-forks for me."
76561198080770405,Recommended,285190,31466851,Posted: 30 April,all,Wildcard1718,"Im new to the series. 1st DOW game. I am having a lot of fun in multiplayer matches. Big learning curve but it is still fun. Main complaint I have is the main menu system is laggy and buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and not user friendly...nothing about it makes any sense at the moment. But multiplayer gameplay is a lot of fun to me. Campaign is not fun, but im not a single player person anyway. Take it for what you will."
76561198036010887,Recommended,285190,31479765,Posted: 30 April,all,TechPriest0101,"I don't write reviews very often, In fact this is my first time. But given how controversial this title has been I feel like it needs to be done.The short version: Its not Dawn of War, Its not Dawn of War 2, Its Dawn of War 3 and like how the previous 2 titles took a core and went different directions, so does Dawn of War 3.This is a RTS title, it does have MOBA elements, but calling it a MOBA is just stupid. This is a micro intense RTS with mechanics that forces you to play aggressively. If you are tired of Star Craft 2, or am a Warhammer fan in general, this title is for you.What I like: Visuals, varied races, elites are great, captures the feel of the tabletop units well. Micro intense with lots of strategies, intense large battles, Imperial god damn Knights.What I hate: No custom keybinds, Orbital Bombardment ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, No Last Stand game mode, tab function doesn't work like it should (highlights one indidual unit, rather then all units of that type in a subset), sucks grinding for doctrines."
76561197971932482,Recommended,285190,31542352,Posted: 4 May,all,Fir3Cam{><}TA,"Single player is great fun and helps to unlock new abilities for your multiplayer elites and squads. Multiplayer is different but is also great fun, but best played with friends in 3v3."
,Not Recommended,285190,34732147,Posted: 4 September,all,Tomato™,Pretty bad. It's like the first and second game had a retard baby.
,Not Recommended,285190,31399331,Posted: 27 April,all,Commissar Gamza,"The game has good graphics, the voice acting is poor, the play style is incredibly cumbersome, the UI for pretty much the entire game is not use friendly."
76561198008113319,Not Recommended,285190,34345218,Posted: 19 August,all,aiki.boy73,"While The dawn of war games series have been pretty good, especially the first one with all of its wonderful expansions.I have to come to expect to get to fight the Eldar, Orks Space marines, Necrons, Etc.Now thats all fine and dandy but then dawn of war 2 came out with from what I remember a focus on the Chaos gods and what not.and I personally thought it was a GREAT game, I spent hours playing it, by no means did it have the same orignial feeling that the first dawn of war had but hey, still great.however Dawn of war 3 feels like the same regurgitated game as Dawn of war 2 but with better cinematics.I would say this game has been fun thus far but I cant because it really casnt lived up to what I figured a Dawn of war release should be in 2017.The requisition system is the EXACT same, I dont feel any pull to one characters story (maybe that was intentional ?)And then before I can finish half way through the campain (mind you at this point there are no mods and I havent modified the game in ANY way....It crashes...out of the blue for no reason.And I would like to blame the game but my computer is kind of a beast.So relic, so far as I can tell this is a flop on something that could have been open world RTS with so much more invested but instead its dawn of war 2 with a ♥♥♥♥♥ier story and damn near the exact same units (albeit prettier units and buildings) but the same none the less.My friends did warn me not to buy this game but I had to give relic another chance...but no...you failed relic..*slow clap*"
,Not Recommended,285190,34766676,Posted: 5 September,all,Jane Jackson,"If you can buy it at 50% off then... maybe, MAYBE it's worth it. At full price? Better off buying the DoW 1 pack or DoW 2 pack. More races, better maps, better games in general. After the first gameplay trailer I did not have very high expectations, DoW 3 still managed to not meet them."
76561198002761933,Not Recommended,285190,33803215,Posted: 26 July,all,dontnvme1,"DoW 3 takes aspects from the oringal DoW games and some from DoW2 games and mixes them.  I have played DoW and 2 with my friend a lot.  You basically have to learn how to play the game again.  The balancing is terrible, attack registration is bad, units don't auto attack something when in range.  It is nothing like the small medium large in any of DoW 2 games.  About the only thing positive about it is it the graphics are good.  Good graphics with poor balancing and game play."
,Not Recommended,285190,31855894,Posted: 20 May,all,warpedmind567,"how the hell can you make a fast paced rts game, without a deselection rightclick or left click, to deselect the units currently selected is beyond me. i could forgive the crappy campaign, i could even forgive the crappy multiplayer, but you also now give me a crappy selection mechanic that is woefully flawed"
76561197970471370,Not Recommended,285190,32075870,Posted: 30 May,all,Hayek,"Few interesting elements. Major balance issues, to large of a move away from an RTS.   Long waits for a match as no one is playing."
,Not Recommended,285190,35236596,Posted: 26 September,all,TR1NITY,"Total waste of money, poor campaign questline which can be completed within a day. Bought the game for Last Stand which mode which is still unavailable. Do not buy this game."
76561198029284179,Not Recommended,285190,31417075,Posted: 28 April,all,Twerkbubble [☩],"Now, I woulden't consider myself a very good RTS player, in fact, i generally stick to campaigns and private matches when I play an RTS. Nonetheless, i still consider DoW1 the best RTS I've ever played due to the sheeramountof options it gives you. I'm also a huge fan of the sequel, although I know that can be a contentious issue. So when DoW3 was billed as a cross between the two, I was beyond hyped.DoW3 was not that game. The other reviews have already done a much more in-depth analysis of the game than I could do, so I'm not really gonna touch on that, but Foidvo put it best down below: ""Was looking for a DOW1 and DOW2 mix, got league of legend mixed with a dumbed down starcraft like game.""While i'm sure the game will appeal to the MOBA crowd, the fact is that's not what the fans of the series wanted, and that's not what they advertised it as. Yet the influence is as clear as day - the main menu is clearly molded after games such as League of Legends and DotA2. While the game looks beautiful, I just simply can't reccomend it over either of the previous titles as an RTS. It's not the worst thing ever, granted, but everything it tries to do DoW1 doesbetter.I would not reccomend buying the game at full price unless the MOBA elementsreallyinterest you."
76561198048873537,Not Recommended,285190,34894092,Posted: 11 September,all,Mazrael,"Campaign is lazy, most missions with a base, if the enemy doesn't attack you can sit back read a book while everything upgrades., (and max out your force) or if it attacks it takes twice as long, as your spending resources on fodder. the upgrade system just drags out missions. DoW1 you had turrets you could place, your troops could respond to threats, DoW2 you had the Z-retreat, useful for saving troops or just hot footing it back to base to protect it (apparently it's cheaper to replenish a squads numbers than to make a new one) , it still responded to threats.. somehow with DoW3 they just stand their oblivious to the ranged unit shooting them, and take their sweet time backing off, we just end up babysitting everything"
,Not Recommended,285190,31749875,Posted: 14 May,all,Dyne,"I told myself a few weeks ago I wouldn't write anymore negative reviews because people generally don't care if a complete stranger doesn't like a game, but i have to add my ""no"" to the pile in the hopes of keeping other innocent citizens of the Empire like myself from wasting a LOT of money on such a terrible entry in the Warhammer universe. I won't go into more detail than that, other people have said more and said it better... read their reviews. Just please read them before you spend $60 on this abortion."
76561197991957807,Not Recommended,285190,31842009,Posted: 19 May,all,Klunny,THis game is like taking a shower in a deluge of vomit.
76561198012868625,Not Recommended,285190,31426327,Posted: 28 April,all,big_jeff_901,Not a good one for fans of the lore :/ or for old Dawn of war lovers
76561198164121867,Not Recommended,285190,31401771,Posted: 27 April,all,Steksp4de,I have played the first three levels and I cant feel the Dawn of War spirit at all that was in all the previous games!-Animations suck (where are the awesome kill moves that every squad had?!)-Looks worse then dawn of war 2 and there is less details as well.-Horrible level design.Feels like I´m playing a cheap 20Euro game but for this I had to pay 59 Euro...
,Recommended,285190,31554433,Posted: 5 May,all,AN0MALY,"I'm more of the single player guy so I offer more insight on that aspect and say I've been enjoying the campaign a lot. Yes, it's a bit of a tutorial for the multiplayer as some have mentioned, but what RTS campaign doesn't showcase the units and abilities in piecemeal. On the other hand, the missions don't feel repetitive since each one offers a unique brain teaser that highlights different approaches to playing. One mission is Diablo like and you have to move your heroes through a ""dungeon"", one mission has you jumping your Eldar base from rock to rock to avoid a meteor storm, and another mission has you stealthing across an eldar stronghold and avoiding vision from guards. I definitely recommend playing it on hard though since it offers the most balance in terms of challenge and some of them really are difficult. One night, I was up until 4AM trying to figure out this one mission I failed 20 times! (Good thing I had saves). I haven't finished the story yet, but I think I'm on the last arc and it's certainly been entertaining and I'm getting some big Doctor Who vibes from it. The Space Marines side of the story is actually the least interesting compared to the Eldar politics and the Orks being goofy. Anyways, I recommend giving it a shot. It starts off pretty slowly, but gets more and more interesting as you uncover more secrets. I've put roughly 20+ hours into the campaign so far and there's about two chapters left so I don't think it's short by any means."
76561198058596184,Not Recommended,285190,32530956,Posted: 18 June,all,{KILLA} B.R.Q,"All that hype for DOW 3... and as I thought very disapointing !!All THQ and Sega had to do was take DOW Soulstorm upgrade the server and more races. They decided to make DOW 2 which failed and then DOW 2 chaos rising which Uber failed, so now they came out with DOW 3 more like starcraft 2 meets DOW 2.The best thing was to take DOW 1 =vanilla upgrade the server and add more races. Or Soulstorm and upgrade the server and add more races."
,Not Recommended,285190,31425290,Posted: 28 April,all,YahtziNahtzi,Not as good as other dawn of wars. But its a game with warhammer so thats cool.
,Recommended,285190,31475474,Posted: 30 April,all,ppickeri,"I have to admit that I am shocked by the mixed response to DoW3. Just like the Warhammer universe, it feels like there are a number of competing factions with prescribed expectations about what DoW3 would be. Some wanted this to be like Starcraft. Some wanted this to be a modern DoW1; others an expanded and improved version of DoW2. It has been labeled as a MOBA. The truth is that it is a new RTS with a style of its own.I rather like this fresh approach. I've played lots of MOBAs and don't really get why this is labeled as a MOBA. There are ELEMENTS of MOBA here, but barely enough to blankly label this game a MOBA. It doesn't try to be the classic RTS basebuilding game Starcraft or Command & Conquer were, rather it focuses the gameplay toward epic tactical fights.Similar to the Warhammer tabletop universe, Heroes here can be very strong, strong enough to turn a battle, but not so strong they can win a game alone. If you build the right units, you can easily counter a hero (just like any RTS). It's part of why I am really loving this game - it challenges you to develop a cohesive army building strategy to overcome your opponent, which can change within a match. It doesn't force you to commit to a single army building approach early on in a match like Starcraft, where you need to build specific buildings in order to build specific army types.There is a fantastic strategic layer to the battle where you can choose which heroes to bring to the fight, as well as three army bonuses (called doctrines). There is a huge amount of variety in heroes and army doctrines - letting you bring your own playstyle to a battle. On top of this you can customize what your army colors look like, I nice bonus for those that come from the tabletop games.Overall I think this is a great game with a voice of its own. It doesn't fit squarely into the Starcraft or MOBA categories, which is fantastic (I don't need another MOBA and I can play Starcraft badly anytime I want)."
,Recommended,285190,31426236,Posted: 28 April,all,sacommander,"All the people that winge about this game but couldnt be bothered to sign up for the open beta you should not be posting a reveiw!!All the people that signed up for the open beta and didnt appreciate it why did you buy the game??To anyone reading this this the only negative reveiws from this game come from the people mentioned above.No its not dow 1 and no its not dow 2, its dow3. The best way for me to describe it is a mix of the two.I personally didnt like dow 2, it had no real rts but I feel relic know this and made this beaut of a game. Its has the pros from each game and no negatives.If you want to buy this game but are unsure just watch a couple of vidoes on youtube and make a choice. Don't buy the game play for 0.4 hours then winge to world on how♥♥♥♥♥♥relic are.Relic keep up the good work and make sure that dlc is on the way! If its anything like COH2 I'am expecting great things!!"
,Recommended,285190,31510018,Posted: 2 May,all,Posh Vagrant,"To be perfectly fair; this game is pretty good. Some people would argue that it's an embarrassment of the series however something that does have to be realized that generally producers try to make new games inviting to people who are new to the series. DoW 3 does an excellent job at that! It has a simplistic UI that effeminately improves on some of the series other faults. (To be clear, the earlier games in the series are sure as hell not perfect. Soul storm for example.) In the game, it is very easy to select off screen. In DoW 1, it takes quite a bit of effort selecting all your units (Which you really shouldn't have to do.) The simplified energy-requisition currency in-game is certainly not as great as the previous ones as your always waiting for just 1 more energy. It certainly could use more races, but i found that the three that are currently in game are pretty balanced and fun to play.After playing this game for around 20-21 hours since release i can say it does have a different feel from the other DoW games, but i cant say i dont like the new feel. It just works for me more than than it does for others."
76561198010513823,Not Recommended,285190,31735643,Posted: 13 May,all,Stone Dog,"I have played both dawn of war 1 and 2. Personally I thought dawn of war 1 was and still is the best rts on the market.  Dawn of war 2 was ok.   If you are reading Relic gods here are some things to consider in fixing this game.  I think you will make a lot more money if you do.  1. Let the masses turtle if they want to, and please vary them per race.  Some days I am in an Iron warrior mood, others imperial fists.  Why leave this out just add another element that worked well in dow1 plus you already have it in the single player campaign.  2.  Let us upgrade the listening posts defenses, currently gretchin seem like a challenge to them.  3.  Let’s get some more units and not make units like warp spiders, storm boys, etc elites (Plenty of elites to draw from on the table top).  One of the great things about dow1 was that you could assemble a variety of armies with different advantages and disadvantages based on having so many unit choices.  4. Lets provide more options to Multiplayer (annihilate, assassination, strategic points, etc).  5.  Campaign map similar to dark crusade, options and repayable.Also for all the haters dow1 until dark crusade had a very lame 1 person campaign.  Story line was just ok.  Also huge balance issue.  I remeber cranking out fire prisms all day and destroying most armies until they capped it.  So give them time and hopefully they will return to to some of the elements that made this game legendary.   PS I will turn my no into a yes once you turn back to the emperor and make this game into a great one."
76561197967311385,Recommended,285190,31466945,Posted: 30 April,all,Dunk31,Loving it so far.
,Not Recommended,285190,31948623,Posted: 25 May,all,Ironslug,"Lot of sadly missed opportunities.As a huge fan of the Warhammer universe, and more so of Dawn Of War specifically, I must say I am rather disappointed.To me, Dawn Of War III seems to have taken some aspects from both previous installments, not necessarily the best aspects, and has mutated into a strange Multi-Hero MOBAish monster.It's not a bad game to play, if you are interested in Multi-Player. I however am not and find the Single-Player extremely lacking.As a few people have mentioned, the Single-Player seems more like an intro to the online play than a true experience on its own. The entire campaign, level by level, feels scripted to death. Each mission is very linear, with difficulty being the only difference during each play-through. On top of that, your race/heroes/elites are chosen for you for each mission, with minimal choice left to the player.While the Single-Player campaign provides some experience to heroes and elites, Single-Player skirmishes vs the PC do not, which is again a huge kick in the Single-Player experiences teeth, and another example of how the campaign feels like the online's intro.I have yet to complete the Campaign in it's entirety, and that is mostly due to the fact that I  HATE how they have gotten rid of:-Player choices (races/tactics/missions)-Hero/squad customization (Weapons/armor/equipment)-Any form of environmental/cover use (Walls/Craters/etc). To be fair they added horrible stealth zones, and garbage defense points.I also hate how linear the story is. E.G. Human mission, Ork mission, Eldar mission, Human Mission, Ork Mission, Eldar mission, oh no retaliate with another HUMAN MISSION, etc.I was hoping for ""Dawn Of War III - Dark Crusade with more customizable heroes and elites"", but ended up with ""Dawn Of War III - DOTA 40K""It's a shame, but I'm holding some hope they bring out DLC which offers a more true Dawn Of War experience. MOBA's are not my thing, even if they throw base building in.For the time being, I do not recommend this game. Hopefully I can update if/when the game is expanded on."
76561197971964488,Recommended,285190,31410861,Posted: 28 April,all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Neither a real Dawn of War, nor as good as SC 2 or WC 3 wich it tries to emulate (no surprise here). The influence of the lotr RTS is a nice touch, but the cut of from the former Daw of war titles hurt the most.Could use more of the mechanics from the older games and emphazise the troops instead of makeing them cannonfodder only.A little flashy and nothing realy compatative to play for longer, but desent enough."
76561197991766917,Not Recommended,285190,31476646,Posted: 30 April,all,buemmschaf,"SInce I'm not much of a PvPer, the one available multiplayer mode pretty much bores me. Gone are the days of co-op arena matches or a co-op campaign, apparently the flavor of the day is copying starcraft and trying to splice it with some sort of MOBA.But that's not really why I'm in this anyways, it's the single player campaign that interests me. And it's pretty hefty one, with quite a few missions that take a while to complete.So far, so good.What irks me is the disconnect between the different game elements. With every unit having some sort of special ability (that cannot be set to auto-execute, all have to be used manually) this sounds like a very micro-heavy game.However, the sheer number of squads in a good-sized mission make that close to impossible.Having powerful heroes invites one to concentrate on piloting those while having your army fend for itself. But if you do that, the pile of glass cannons most units are will destroy itself in short order.Not to mention that without specific instructions they generally just mill about and let themselves get shot to death.I think I might have to repeat thet, because it sounds vaguely important: The AI in your units is too stupid to return fire, if they have to leave their current position for it. So you cannot just have some melee units protect the flank of your ranged units, you have to babysit them all the time as well.And if you do that, you might notice that its pretty hard to give them specific instructions. Trying to select one unit in a pile (because it's the one ranged squad that shreds your armies from afar) is a matter of luck it seems. Often my units attack the unit ten meters besides the one i want to kill, leaving that one to murdering my squads.So what does that mean in regards to the campaign? In regular base-building missions, not much. Resources are inexhaustible and the AI only rarely actually attacks, so losing your army just means losing some time while you reinforce.However, if you're restricted to the units you brought with you, that's when it's time to really watch out: Savescumming seems to be the only way to get through some of the later missions on high difficulty. Eith that, or a level of microing that i have never possessed and will never be able to achieve.Or maybe it's really all just a crapshoot and i just have to reroll until i get lucky. Too bad, too. I quite liked playing the campaign, but this stuff is really fraying my nerves."
76561197973198238,Not Recommended,285190,31414747,Posted: 28 April,all,Aestabjoo,Game play is terrible. WTB DoW1. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ordinary AF.
76561197979751913,Recommended,285190,31489035,Posted: 1 May,all,Vite,I dont know why so many people give it a bad review. I love it. I love the 3v3 multiplayer balance. The single player is pretty good too but I like it mostly because of its multiplayer.
,Recommended,285190,31591955,Posted: 6 May,all,SlarkNado,"Somewhere between Starcraft and Dawn of War 1, but slightly MOBA-esque with the different Elites. None of these things are inherently bad, and most are actually pretty well-executed.Many people are angry because it's not what they wanted from Dawn of War 3, but it's absolutely a fine game in its own right. Were it called anything other than ""Dawn of War,"" and it were its own standlone series that didn't have the DoW Legacy to follow, it wouldn't be receiving half as many negative reviews.It's not getting disliked because it's bad; it's getting disliked because it's not what people wanted. For what it is, though, it's good."
76561198119018085,Not Recommended,285190,32539438,Posted: 18 June,all,alex.ku2,"I am a fan of DoW 1 & 2 and had high hopes for this one, but it's been a huge disappointment.Singleplayer campaign is just absent. In DoW 3 singleplayer is just an overly long tutorial. If you loved the campaign in DoW 2 for its deep customisation options for heroes and variativity, don't buy DoW 3 -- it has nothing to offer.Multiplayer feels too DOTAish, of which I'm not a fan."
76561198021703553,Not Recommended,285190,31553073,Posted: 4 May,all,CaptDagorath,"This game feels rushed. It's a real disappoinment compared to Dawn of War 2.Someon said it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Lol/HotS and Warcraft 3. I can't agree more.Pros:- Gameplay is fluid, abilities are fun.- Special units are pretty cool- Leveling units unlocks new abilities and gives you the illusion of choice.- Passive map abilities on specific units - kind of cool.Cons:- No gear, no items- No tech trees.- No individual campaigns.- FTP tropes like different player skins ( NO ONE CARES)Conclusion:If you're a fan of the series, wait until it goes on sale to give it a go. Future DLC might save it, but it's not likely, the inherent mechanics are lazy."
76561198006620593,Not Recommended,285190,34383068,Posted: 20 August,all,REX,Rushed graphics and storyline. Gameplay is lacking mainly due to lack of defensive structures and too much focus on elite units. Overall it's a playable game but not worth spending money on. Wish I had known before I preordered.
76561198154767858,Not Recommended,285190,31453914,Posted: 29 April,all,imotocake,"if you like old dow, dont buy this one"
76561197966295960,Not Recommended,285190,31400932,Posted: 27 April,all,Badger_442,"Unfortunately, the Devs did not listen to the chorus of users that the game is significantly not up to the standards we expect relating to the Dawn of War Series.  I enjoyed all the previous games and still occasionally go back to skirmish everyone in a while.DoW3 is just awful.  Why they didn’t call it by another name so as to not confuse fans of the series.Graphics look like they are 10 years old.  I played company of heroes 2 last night, brilliant game, with all the environment and the battles.  DoW3 just has the worst environment and colours possible,User interface, is large, clunky and just annoying.Single player, is an introduction to the characters.Skirmish, has limited maps, with Lanes???  Not a free flowing map with proper terrain to blow up and see tank tracks on etc...I hate there is no coverAnimations are clumsyI’ve already requested a full refund.They would have had a hit if they reskinned Company of Heroes 2 with 40k, and made an interesting single player story.Sorry, I just hated the game."
76561198002574691,Not Recommended,285190,31760211,Posted: 14 May,all,mosin85,So sad to see these game workshop games being butchered.
,Not Recommended,285190,31581446,Posted: 6 May,all,TheStrawman,"I honestly thought this was going to be more like DOW1/DOW2/Winter Assault/Soulstorm/Dark Crusade etc...They talked about getting back to the roots of the originals that made this RTS so popular. This game is for you if you like chasing invisible opponents around the map, pumping out 1 vehincle every 2 minutes because power is almost non existent in this game, even if you have 3 fully upgraded listening posts. The days of deep striking termies and dreads are over. This game is junk for $60 and needs a cheap expansion more like the originals."
76561198006525637,Not Recommended,285190,31446055,Posted: 29 April,all,Zinister99,"OMFG STAY AWAY!!!!! WOW JUST WOW, How does this game suck!OK....I have ALL the Dow games and the 1st one is the best of all period and if you are looking for that reload and play the 1st one. NO defensive sturctures at all and set up exactly like League of Legends.Incredibly stupid AI.NO DEFENSIVE STRUCTURES.Story line is basically the ssdd aura.Canned upgrade units.Lousy range on everthing.Camera sucks.Final battle a joke.Control point mechanics totally suck.Did I mention NO BUILDABLE DEFENSIVE STRUCTURES AT ALL OF ANY KIND?Arty range sucks.NO MOBILE HEAL UNITS! Have to keep going back to the dam base to heal.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TALENTED MODDERS SAVE OUR 60 BUCKS!!!THIS GAME GETS MAXIMUM TURD RATING!!!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!Ok..Now I have had a chance to calm down.I see the company today 4/30/17, have scrambled the ""its a great game"" reviewers...That being said, the heavy units in multi-player are nice on all races. BUT..It is NOT a great game at all and I really looked forward to this game because of Relic and the past. However, EA could ♥♥♥♥ up a cup of black coffee and I smell their finger prints on this. Money before quality or even 'fix it underway' the way they did Coh2. If the great Modding community can add better ability explosions and range on the arty, cover, BUILDABLE TURRETS, mobile healers and so forth in fashion of the Apocalypse add on, it could be salvaged."
,Not Recommended,285190,31662652,Posted: 10 May,all,GMJohnny,Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI yet again from dawn of war... But the worst part is that multiplayer is already dead.
76561198039664631,Recommended,285190,31514525,Posted: 2 May,all,Vq.| Korgawrath,This is the Warhammer 40k RTS you have been waitting for and let me start by saying I see a lot of negative reviews for this game. I believe a lot of it comes from expectations of what people wished it would be compared to what it is. However after playing Multiplayer pretty extensively I got to say this game has so much to tactically yet it doesn't require you to micro every aspect of the game.If Starcraft 1 or 2 was too micro intensive this game will feel much funner to play. Resources aren't about workers as much as they are about upgrading points. The combat is fun to watch and the game feels relatively balanced for just coming out. The Elite Point system to get heroes lets you really customize your loadout and who you wanna bring to the field. Likewise the Army Doctrines really let you tailor your tactics to your play style.The game is visually appealing and the battles can be pretty epic in 3v3's. Heroes are strong but not overly powerful. After you get past the intial newbie stage you really begin to see how the heroes play big roles in your army but still do not outweigh your army. This game feels a lot like Warcraft after the Frozen Throne expansion. With the exception that army sizes are MUCH bigger.If you are a warhammer fan and you love to play RTS's this will be a good pick. I imagine games workshop has much planned for expansions for this game.
,Recommended,285190,31497291,Posted: 1 May,all,The Hollow Man,"It gives you that child-like feeling of when you were a kid and would stage wars with all your tiny figures, only to wipe em' all out with a really big transformer or lego mecha. And its so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun."
76561197989912559,Not Recommended,285190,33895410,Posted: 29 July,all,Zangetsu 000000,"After playing this game for a while I decided to return it. The game play felt boring and extremely simple, and most importantly, the game felt like it was still in early access. Each team only has a couple of units, the base building consists of only 3  additional buildings. research is just  4 or 5 random upgrades that have minimal if impact and are not even necessary for anything, and the combat felt boring. The balance of the game is also not good at all, the bolter units have very short range and do not appear to do almost any damage, and unit blobbing appears to win every game. The content itself in the game is very minimal, almost non-existent, and most of the “progression” in the game consists of things that honestly should already be in the game. I love most of the Warhammer games, and own the previous two games, but this one is just no good."
76561198021113142,Not Recommended,285190,34629745,Posted: 31 August,all,DylFish,"I am a MASSIVE fan of the warhammer 40k franchise and have played the first and second of the dawn of wars. When the news of the 3rd game came to me i was hyped.First problem is that there are barley any units in each faction. Like in the first dawn of war, there was more too take into war but now it seems crap. One other thing was there was no more upgrades for units. You may get one or 2, say for a tactical marine unit you couuld only give them a flamer and a plasmer gun and some how your leader can do front flips in TERMINATOR armor. XDSecond problem. Most the elite units are weak and get the♥♥♥♥♥kicked from some of the basic troops. Like wtf. I spent all this time getting a dope unity and turns out to get destroyed.Final point. There are only 2 game modes. I sent £40 on a game that has s.h.i.t aniamtions, poor quality of units, very short campain and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all gamemodes. There is no free-for-all, take and hold. The turrets are♥♥♥♥♥♥and there are no landmines. Relic said that DOW3 would be a mix of DOW1 and DOW2. I dont see any things from DOW2 and few things from DOW1. Dawn of War 3 if not a dawn of war. It is just s.h.i.t.Necrons are coming and I hope they are good and dont just have 10 units"
76561198024490627,Recommended,285190,31553566,Posted: 4 May,all,Papa Chimpy,"Dawn of war 3 is an ambitious move away from the formulaic RTS formula of Dawn of war 1 but likewise moves away from the strategy heavy game that was Dow2. In doing so it attempts to take the best of both worlds with it in an ambitious attempt to take the RTS genre in an innovative new direction. In doing so I believe it largely succeeds.The game is not without its faults. Eyes will be immediately drawn to the removal of sync-kills and the excellent cover system prevalent in the series since its infancy, as well as the clear lack of content (which is largely unforgivable). However, the removal of the more tedious macro aspects of the RTS genre such as punishments for turtling and encouragement of micro management of troops with the addition of a range of unit abilities is a positive step for the genre as a whole.Overall Dawn of War 3 adds far more than it removes from the genre as a whole. While undoubtedly disappointing for fans of both the original games in the series (who to be fair would not all have been satisfied with either a dawn of war 1 RTS OR a dawn of war 2 style tactical game) the game is above all a fun and enjoyable experience. In spite of the lack of content and some questionable UI choices (no keybindings being the glaring offender here) Dawn of war 3 remains a fantastic experience which will only get better with the inevitable DLC yet to come."
,Not Recommended,285190,31614072,Posted: 7 May,all,FapperTapper,"If this game was a Guardsman, it would try to flee aweay from his Platoon and swiftly get shot in the back of the head by a Commissar.This game did not live up to anything it said it was. They force you to play through all the factions campaigns, the controls are trash, and the multiplayer is garbage.Very little to no unique army units. Oh cool the ""Elite"" choices are Imperial Knight, Gabriel Angelos, and a squad of Deathwatch; Deathwatch really??Please do not waste your money like I did; I saw the negative reviews but thought ""what the hell"" and I regret it now. I should have listened."
,Not Recommended,285190,34334258,Posted: 18 August,all,ClungePlunger,Probably the worst daw they have made to date.
76561198007330948,Not Recommended,285190,34822290,Posted: 8 September,all,Rylai,"Relic has destroyed his own game. They removed what was good and unique in the game, added unnecessary units, called Dawn of War 3 and give us 60 euros. Do not even buy in a discount!"
,Not Recommended,285190,34499433,Posted: 26 August,all,Psiursus,¯\_(ツ)_/¯  It's something ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Just pretend there is no DoW 1 or 2. This is what it would be if Blizzard made it - Cartoon point and click no skill rush.The art is pretty neat and the story is ok. That's about it.
,Not Recommended,285190,31533163,Posted: 3 May,all,Hibachi Man,"Well you can you can play campaign and i have fun with that if thats your thing but if you came for multiplayer, then good luck finding a game, quick match option is just♥♥♥♥♥♥and takes too long, and there are barely any rooms to really find at certain times,It breaks my heart that i waited for this game for oh so long just for it to die so fast after release, 1 week in and i saw the player base go from 25k+ to 5k currently at this moment.Oh if you are wondering if its like a Moba then ya, the objectives are Moba inspired, (Dota,LoL,Smite,etc)1.Destroy the shield(tower that doesnt shoot) -T12.Destroy the turret(tower) -T23.Destroy the core(ancient,nexus,etc) -ThroneOnly thing i really had a complaint about was auto reinforce from Dow2, with this many units to manage and yes its ALOT, i found it harder to manage and reinforce some squads and focus on the battle at the same time, but then again maybe im just too slow.Only comes with 3 factions which is a BIG ♥♥♥♥ing let down when the last two games came with 4 factions to choose from on start.I'll keep playing it occasionally cause i spent $60 on this♥♥♥♥♥♥.... I hate everything"
76561197962008060,Not Recommended,285190,31414620,Posted: 28 April,all,ϟϟ DeathRolf,Perfect game for refunding
76561198018013959,Not Recommended,285190,31508908,Posted: 2 May,all,Gallgissimo,"In the grim darkness of the far future there is only war....This review is based strictly of the Campaign as I have yet to try the multiplayer.As a fan of both DoW 1 and 2 I went into this game with an open mind. Seeing as how DoW 2 was very different from 1 I was more or less expecting that 3 would be quite different as well. DoW 3 tries to walk the middle path of DoW 1 and 2. It has the base building from DoW1 and some of the hero/squad elements from DoW 2. Sadly, the end product is feels like a watered down version of both worlds.The story is cool but disjointed. It follows a system of Space marine mission followed by Ork followed by Eldar. Its frustrating if you don't like how a particular faction plays.  You'll have to wait a few missions before playing your preferred faction. This also throws off the stroy IMO. For example, I have had four missions that were Ork and Eldar back to back. I don't really enjoy playing these factions and I have a hard time recalling the details from the last space marine mission. The story would have been better served if each faction was given its own campaign.The story missions themselves are also a mixed bag. Each mission has you using a faction's specific mechanic. For example, I just completed an Eldar mission that forced you to use the teleport building feature to dodge a base destroying ""Game Over"" mechanic. This was fine....the first time but after 3 or four times it just got annoying. Overall the campaing experience just feels like a multiplayer tutorial with a story thrown at it. Don't get me wrong, some of the missions are cool with lots of oh♥♥♥♥♥♥moments. Sadly those moments feel few and far between. Oddly enough my favourite mission was a one that most reminded me of DOW2. It involed controling a small group of hero characters/units. There was no base building and no annoying mechanics. It was just a good old ""heres some badasses go kill the bad guys"" mission.If you want this game for the story I'd say wait for it to go on sale or pick it up from CDKeys. I can't recommend this game at full price."
76561198009980121,Not Recommended,285190,31429089,Posted: 28 April,all,DastardlyJap,Game in unplayable.  Control groups work inscrutably.  whether assigning a control group to a unit or set of units will work is dependent on chance.  sometimes you'll select your bros and hit ctrl+1 and some totally other bros will get that control group.Having a unit selected and pressing 2 to select the units assigned to control group 2 leaves you with the originally selected unit AND the units in control group 2 instead of JUST the units in control group 2.controls are generally laggy and clunky.
,Not Recommended,285190,35466508,Posted: 4 October,all,Bushido Bush,"I really want to say that I love this game. It has really awesome new units, a pretty good story even though you know EXACTLY where its going to go because its the same story 30 times over, has the really awesome feel of the grimdark of the 40k universe. It is really cool, it just....isnt fun.I am the kind of guy who likes to savor a battle, enjoy watching a firefight and making tactical decisions by using positioning and powers. I just don't get any of that in this game. The moment I engage an enemy, I have about 30 seconds before either all of my units or all of the enemies units are dead. And I dont feel the strategy behind it other than gather up all your mates and throw them at the enemy. I dont get any bonuses for flanking so whats the point? They brought back base building but they made it feel like more of a chore than an actual part of the battle process.I could go on but the point is that all the changes they made has made it annoying rather than epic. If I had to compare it to something, it feels like a horrible combination of League of Legend and Starcraft. If that sounds fun to you then have at it, otherwise, stay away."
76561198253007366,Not Recommended,285190,31540224,Posted: 4 May,all,The Warpsmith,"If you loved the original Dawn of War and it's expansions with it's large-scale combat, large grimdark battlefields, straight-from-the-tabletop Unit designs, and ability to skirmish however YOU wanted...then do not touch this fetid abombination for the love of the God Emperor of Mankind! This is just Dawn of War 2 with MOBA-themed Skirmish (somehow they made DoW 2's skirmish worse...) and a soulless campaign that forces you to play as all 3 factions regardless of your preference with absolutely none of DoW 2's RPG-esque system or character development. It is also the 1st DoW full-game to feature less than 4 Factions at launch.You dont fight on the battlefield, you fight in an arena. You dont build an army, you just gather up tiny squads and throw them at your enemy until you can summon a ""hero unit"" to actually accomplish anything. You dont continue the saga of the Blood Ravens chapter, you just slog through a linear story that tries really hard to make you NOT care about all the returning characters. The units are shaped super-wonkily, even DoW 2 looked better in this area by a mile. The Army Painter somehow got worse instead of better with poor control over the interface and a lack of patterns.The Hero system is rather irritating as it takes the decent commander system from DoW 2 and makes it the only thing that matters. If you do not use your heroes then you will not win, if you DO use your heroes then nothing short of another hero will stop you, making all the soliders mere distractions with no job other than to capture resources and then run away when the hero attacks. Also regardless of what paint scheme you choose the heroes will still be the EXACT characters with the same name and colors. So if you would rather not have Gorgutz leading your Goffs or Gabriel Angelos leading your Space Wolves then you will have to do without those heroes.There is no free-for-all skirmish, only team v team thusfar and it takes place on symmetrical, boring arena maps rather than large, natural battlefields. There only thing (literally) to return from the original DoW is base building which doesnt matter when the skirmish mode is so horribly awful that there is no point bothering with it...On the bright side the Ork scrap mechanic is pretty cool...uhhh...hmmm...yeah I cant think of a single other good thing to say about it. This is not the game we waited so many years for, it is an abombination and should be cleansed in the name of the Emperor...via Exterminatus"
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,285190,31927066,Posted: 23 May,all,Jekkel,is this the ftp moba version of the game?
76561198006795778,Not Recommended,285190,31926238,Posted: 23 May,all,Chirho Knight,"I can not get passed the first mission, not because it is hard, just i have no desire too, this game lacks luster and the changes realy are bad, the mechanics and  stragedy just sucks very bad, there was no love in this game, this could be the end of 40 k dawn of war series."
,Not Recommended,285190,34616921,Posted: 30 August,all,Kaptain Khaz,"It pains me to say this, but Dawn of War III is...okay at best. Definitely not worth the price, and even though I used a 50% off coupon, I feel cheated. The game feels so damn barebones and simple compared to its predecessors. It's such a damn shame.Honestly, if you're just looking at these games for the first time, or if you've played the previous games to death, DoW III is just not worth your money."
76561198040460258,Not Recommended,285190,33942276,Posted: 31 July,all,dabomb_x,what is wrong with RTS game developers nowadays. i mean they just cant get it right.I enjoyed DOW2 and Chaos Rising. it was almost perfect. gameplay was great. then the developers made a u turn.with DOW3. How come the developers made race/faction to be always changing in every mission?can't we just stick with one race to complete its mission before changing to another race?story line isnt that great either. but never mind the story. it's the game play that matters.one advice to developers. go back to DOW2 and see what makes it great. just make a little tweak and that's it.
,Not Recommended,285190,31763018,Posted: 14 May,all,TAFKAV,"This game is feels only half finished, needs WAY more content to be worth the price they are asking."
76561198013127645,Not Recommended,285190,34335541,Posted: 18 August,all,chrisomailing,"so far im 58 min in and i havent built a base , i think this game needs to change genre to maybe an rpg walkthrough , good graphics but too much enphasis on little quests and small chatter instead of mass armies and strategy."
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,285190,31399609,Posted: 27 April,all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"### Edit ###After playing one more hour, I refunded the game. Noone wanted Warhammer MOBA. And not even a good MOBA. Even if you like that genre, there are better ones out there.##########It's... bad. Bland. The best way I can describe it: it has no soul. I can't feel the passion. It really bores me already.This is NOWHERE NEAR worth 60 bucks. Get it on a sale.In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only refund..."
76561197967103851,Not Recommended,285190,31555557,Posted: 5 May,all,MoriX,"The Game is not worth the Price in my opinion.Singleplayer / Story has few content. Story is not very compellingMultiplayer has very poor cover system ( you stand in a circle and wait 7s) , no defensive structures, the elite menu is where you buy specialized units with elite points ( you earn in game) and not specialize your units.The looks how ever are great, but unfortunately thats not enough for a ""good "" game at that current price (60€)"
76561198022760004,Recommended,285190,31477701,Posted: 30 April,all,Azuregore,"I highly people try it first rather than listening to the reviews; while the reviews can give you a general idea, most of them at this current point in time are kids circlejerking that they didn't get a carbon copy of DoW1/DoW2, of which they'd still whine even if it was; On top of that, they are comparing a base game to those that have had several years worth of patches and expansions. I've logged more hours on this game in the past 3 days than I have on DoW2/DoW1 in 2-4 years, so I feel it is more enjoyable to me than the previous entries in the series.==========(POSITIVE)================================- The elites system isn't appealing when you first lay eyes on it, but it's actually pretty cool. Plenty of customisation to fit different play styles.- They hit the orks on the head in terms of fluff, units and scrap . The voice acting is the only questionable thing about them.- They delivered in terms of army size. You can make some pretty nice armies, provided you have the resources. It encourages you not to 'splurge'.- Super Heavies. Can only have some of the best units as elites, which is a blessing in disguise. But my god they're sick.- Lack of cover looks like a problem. But it's alleviated by the temporary cover posts and the fact that it helps prevent turtling, and keeps the game on fairer terms. I won't argue that it will be a touchy subject though.- People are whining about unit detail. I just dont get this thought process, as if the units had the detail of DoW2 it would eat up large amounts of memory to the point that the game would rival ARK on levels of memory eating due to the current scale of the game.- The races feel truely unique and aren't carbon copies of each other. Can't wait to see how the DLC races end up being!- The army painter is the best of all the games easily.- All the units were designed to HARD counter things. There is no such thing as soft counters in DoW 3.- Bodies are persistant by default!==========(NEGATIVE)================================- The AI though could use work, on hard it feels too easy.- The mastery skins could also use work, at the moment they dont feel special as all they do is add a bit of gold to random parts of the base unit skin.- As with every title there's bugs that need fixing. Nothing is ever released 100% bug free.- No custom keybindings unfortunately, hopefully Relic adds this functionality later in a patch.===========(NEUTRAL)================================- Sync kills, while awseome, were also slow in the older games. If Relic can re-write them to be better/faster, then I'd love to see them added in a future patch.- No Last Stand (yet?). Due to campaign spoilers, I'm assuming relic is working on porting it to DoW 3 considering the final mission is essentially that.  Would be interesting to see how doctrines and elites are incoprorated into it.Will update later when I think of more points."
76561198020787945,Not Recommended,285190,31469061,Posted: 30 April,all,"Murray, Blessed of Khorne","My only current problem with DOW3 is that the game just feels rather empty. It feels unfinished, and for the current price of $60 is not worth it. Yet. I do hope it will update quickly, efficiently, and with loads of excellent content, but...Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment."
,Not Recommended,285190,31507841,Posted: 2 May,all,SickLilSlug,"Don't buy it! its no RTS game atall, its a moba where you control the creeps in the lanes! Despite the reviews I wanted to give this game a shot because I havent played a rts game since Starcraft 2 first released..dont make the same mistake I did all complaints about it are 100% true. multiplayer is a joke and is more of a pure rush game then anything else. 0% strategy 100% who can click faster and cap half the map in the first 30 secs of the match."
76561198012582794,Not Recommended,285190,31520679,Posted: 3 May,all,vova2mail,"sorry fans of WDW I & II but unfortunately, not...cons(comparatively to I & II):-poor/static cinematics-poor graphics (warcraft 3)-story poor-unclear(ADD unclear) interface-messy everything else in gamepros:-ok intro (AND THATS IT cinematics)-deosn't crash too muchBottom line: this is a $29,99 title! by no means $59Die hard fans, buy it(cuz i kno u cnt wait), otherwise wait for deep-deep discountsHope this helps"
76561197961217444,Not Recommended,285190,31429723,Posted: 28 April,all,Rutlet,If you dont have 20/10 vision you best get a telescope to read the text. Can hardly read the menus without squinting
76561198040448372,Not Recommended,285190,32814439,Posted: 26 June,all,Strech,why has god abandoned us﻿?
76561198007275133,Not Recommended,285190,31405440,Posted: 27 April,all,Legend,"I loved the DoW games. I had really high hopes for this game.  To be honest though, it fell flat on its face.I'm NOT enjoying the game at all.  The story is lame.  The units look too cartoony (as in you can tell they're not actually part of the environment).  There are still a lot of bugs.  It was made to be a goofy eSports game with a single player campaign half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and thrown in there.  Boring...If I didn't have 4+ hours into it, I'd refund."
,Not Recommended,285190,31403295,Posted: 27 April,all,Gork,"0/5 stars. Stupid MOBA-esque gameplay. Just give Dawn of War 1 a remaster and call it a day, please. That game is 13 years old and I STILL play it. Don't try to fix what isn't broke."
76561198000728450,Not Recommended,285190,31429929,Posted: 28 April,all,MeGa_N00B,"What I hate most about this game is the fact that it is severely lacking content.-We have just one multiplayer and skirmish game mode.-Only 3 factions (we are missing IG, Chaos Space marines, Chaos Demons, Dark Eldar, Necrons, Tyranids, Tau and so on...)-Only 17 horrible missions.-You need skulls to unlock your elite units and abilities, but you only get 20 skull points per custom skirmish game.DOW 3 feels more like a free to play game for full price.So yeah at the moment game is pretty lacking in content. Wait and buy when they release few dlc`s  (game of the year edition) for half price.Lastly I would not be sad or surprised to see this franchise getting canceled after this game.Edit: Game died, as expected. Shity dead game."
76561197987643506,Recommended,285190,31505473,Posted: 2 May,all,Buddha Style,It's a good RTS game. Not bad but definitely not great. Just like TotalBiscuit said in his review: This game has potential so wait and give it time and it will possibly be worth buying (Not exact quote).It still feels like a DoW game if that make senseIf you like RTS or 40K then give it a try.6/10
,Recommended,285190,31410178,Posted: 27 April,all,(LOTH) Logis ☤ Mr.XPhial,Game's story mode was a bit slow at first but quickly brings up the pace with the large scale combat it was enjoyable like a throw back to the old DoW1 days with massive combat while utilizing heroes and making them important. The story was well writen with some very interesting turns all I'll say is it had me on the edge when in the thick of it. Multiplayer could use a little work with more game modes and maps due to there being very few but aside form that seems that people are picking up the game relatively quickly. All in all if I had to give it a number Rating I'd give it a 8 if they add more game modes and maps I'll give it a solid 8.5 but its still in its infancy  so there is plenty of room for work which I'm sure will be touched upon. Multiplayer is pretty fast pace with some down time between fights if both sides are waiting on the other to push in that time most players are merely amassing units to get a big push. Introduction of other game modes will probably eliminte this because instead of having the power core to contend over it may be other things like VP's where every tick counts. All in all game was fun I am still having fun with it in its first 24 hours I already know I'll be playing it for a little while
76561198005672858,Recommended,285190,31447032,Posted: 29 April,all,omlos_suti,"I honestly don't get the haters nor the negative ones.Dawn of War III is a well made game, no doubt about it.The game is very well optimised, which brings me even more joy due to my older PC.I enjoyed the campaign very much, especially the teamwork & escalation of the different routes for different factions.Also, I think it's a good thing that the units are now vulnerable to overwhelming enemies, meaning you must use clever tactics & suppression / taunt combo to break these waves. This way the game ""forces"" you to spend your resources & do not sit on them. It's cool to have insanely durable units, but still better to have good units & good support with them.I played tons & tons of all other DOW games, this is perfectly fine.Spoiler:As for the campaign, the ""only"" problem I had with it is the Khorne route again....I reaaaaaally hoped for a Slaneesh or Necron involvement, but I had to do it with Blood God himself.All in all, this game gets a 9/10 from me as I enjoyed it all the way and glad that there is another Dawn of War game after soooo many years. :o)I really hope Relic & SEGA will add more factions to the game soon (as they did it DOW1 with chaos shortly after)Thanks for reading this & have a nice day!"
76561198008300096,Not Recommended,285190,32920049,Posted: 28 June,all,BloodArmoredApostle,"Ok since we have people that can't see the difference between the games lets compare just DOW2 with 3.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SiGiQdzSdMsafe link to youtube ladies and gentlemen. This is clearly wrong artworkDOW2-realistic artwork-realistic animations-realtime size to compare the races like a space marine's size vs  eldar and orks-retreat option so you don't have to micromanage back to base-leveling of units-specific weapon upgrades (squad based)-advanced cover system anything is practically cover just like ""war"" should be-flanking tactics are effective (really effective)x-no base building (wish it was there)-more unit detail more squad detail map control focus-micromanaging isn't as intensive as DOW3-units actually support each other which allows easier grouping-sync kills (THIS MADE Dawn of War Dawn of War. The grizzly truth of battle. Enemies being finished off by weapons that had special properties that killed enemies. This would cause you to as a player, to consider your approach to different units. The battle scenes are awesome)-panning camera like getting down on the battlefield with your troops both DOW1 and DOW2 have this. Its  absolutely epic. More personal than nonpersonal.-lighting doesn't blind you but adds to the game-MUSIC is great its different from DOW1 but both I think are equally epic in music-unit verbage (the units tell you their moving to the wall, under attack while moving to the location you set. So combat detailed I loved it.)-OUR EPIC units are here BANEBLADE LANDRAIDER, AVATAR OF KAINEDOW3x-bad artstyle akin to Starcraft 2 artworkXXXXXX-no SYNC KILLS!!!!!!!!!!???????????????XXXXXX-no dynamic cover systemXXXXXX-Units poorly depicted in this gameXXXXXX-1 game mode launched on release (who the ♥♥♥♥ does this?) this isn't LOLXXXXXX-Cover system is eldar tech operated by other factions (WTF!!!!!!!!!!!?????????)XXXXXX-Keyboard Adjustment fail (can't change keys) :/XXXXXX-Camera Pan (where did it go?)XXXXXX-Leveling system gone on units (boils upgrades down to upgrade 1/2/3 just like Starcraft 2) WTFXXXXXX-infantry upgrade 1/2/3 sound familair? Starcraft 2XXXXXX-No epic units replaced by VERY Powerful elites that mop the floor with your forces with upgrades on themXXXXXX-Elites really mean nothing they have no function other than to destroy♥♥♥♥♥♥and give army bonuses so wait till you break through their base and blob their shield generator core? OMGXXXXXX-wait wait, your telling me that they took out all the races from prevous releases just to make the game more marketable? I have 9 ♥♥♥♥ing races in DOW1 SOULSTORM!! :/XXXXXX-DOW2 maybe 6 races still irritates me to some degree but WTF the units are useless the upgrades are such a small boost they mean nuthin. They have no animations that suggest its GRIM dark future combat, at least with DOW and DOW2 they moved and pointed like they were acting as a individual group like a squad would perform. Nothing about this paper machee animation set makes sense.XXXXXX-The HELL ARE MY EPIC UNITS????♥♥♥♥♥♥no BANEBLADE, AVATAR OF KHAINE, LANDRAIDERS, SQUIGGOFFSXXXXXX-ok so let me break this down to you. a MOBA definition is not this game in its definition. The elements taken from it are MOBA LIKE and are irritating as♥♥♥♥♥♥to see here. Nothing from League of Legends/DOTA ideas concepts or Starcraft 2 belongs in this game. If I wanted to destroy towers/shield generators to get to a powercore type game I would play League of Legends. This is supposed to be my hardcore RTS game. Not this blob of BS they put out.XXXXXX-This game LOST 69% of its player base the 1st month it was out. I careless what someone thinks this game is good excuse. THAT TELLS YOU SOMETHING IS DEAD WRONG WITH THIS MISTAKE OF A RELEASE. This isn't DOW3. It never existed.XXXXXX-No Choas? The main story is about a Daemon? Not even going to go thereXXXXXX-Such a tutorial campaign I will stick with earlier titles for better content. I hope GamesWorkshop Denounces this crap line of a script.XXXXXX-You have base building but no turrets.... :/ (wait apology later and patch ....sigh Im done)XXXXXX-Your units don't support your elites but are instead meatshields....counters? suppression? Flanking? Doesn't exist? WTF :/XXXXXX-hahahaha Gabriel Jumping in Terminator Armor........now Ive seen everything. They couldnt give you a teleporter pack....tells you how♥♥♥♥♥♥this title is.XXXXXX- no upgrades to elites in battles no point to keeping them they just come back later :/XXXXXX-Music sucks♥♥♥♥♥wtf I fell asleep to this♥♥♥♥♥♥XXXXXX-Gabriel is not Gabriel..but someone who halfassed his voice....acting is very garbage....the only thing good was the trailer and the trailer♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off too with how skinny the space marines were......the ♥♥♥♥....social stereotyping too? ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAMEFor the love of all things good. I have played DOW for years and the more they try to copy other games out there the more they fail. GJ relic you failed more than miserably. Don't get this game, you'll fall asleep at the 15 minute mark trying to figure out why you are even playing this game. Get Dawn of War 1 and the expansions then DOW2 and the expansions. Youll have much more fun than this sack of meatsap treebiting garbage. What a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor release. How does Dawn of War  3 have the same amount of players as Dawn of War 2 Retribution? That game was released ages ago......yea litereally thousands of players stopped playing this piece of crap game. Glad, I hope it wrecks on a iceburg, and someone with some common sense actually picks this title up from the depths of stupidity.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME...WASTE OF MONEY EVEN IF YOU ARE A 40K FAN. You will wonder why you are playing this POS title while your in your first 3 hours of it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31507042,Posted: 2 May,all,Daryl,"Everyday I have to deal with a confused homosexualthat is my customerHe is the kind of guy, who acts like a really stereotype homosexualand he likes to create drama everywhere he goesEven so much as ordering the same thing from 6 different people aside from myself in this one store.I say he is a confused homosexual because he is married with 2 kidsand Everyday dealing with him is like a literal hell.Playing this game gives me that very same feeling I have of interacting with him..."
,Not Recommended,285190,31397851,Posted: 27 April,all,Redheaded Ruffian,"I might just cry......It feels like a direct rip off of SC2......Ill just play Soulstorm or COH2 while I drink my tears with some vodka. I DEMAND A REFUND. ""NERR YOU'RE JUST A SALTY FANBOY DURRHURR SALLTY!!"" Yes, I am salty...But only because I feel betrayed. SEGA has ruined Relic and Total war, that was a huge blow.....But Dawn of war....my childhood...THATS STEPPING THE LINE."
,Recommended,285190,31572292,Posted: 5 May,all,SierraStop,"I've been a Dawn of War fan for a long time. I've loved both DOW1 and DOW2 (my Pref is for DOW2 because of the storying telling, loot and epic heroes). Up front, I really enjoyed this entry into the system, however there are some faults. So lets startTHE GOOD:- Great battles: honestly a good game when the action kicks in- Atmosphere: Oozes 40k!- Mechanically the races are mostly balanced (a few improves required however)- Multiplayer is good, however good be expanded upon.- The music: I actually enjoyed this music over the previous ones. And generally the audio is up to decent standard.THE BAD/IMPROVES- Campaign, while slow the start is it enjoyable. Unlike previous entries, there were only a few moments that really had the blood boiling (The WAAAAARGH!). I don't like the manner in which they switch factions between each mission. Would prefer something like Star Craft.- No The Last Stand... I'm unsure why because the there is a campaign mission that is almost set up for this!- I feel that it doesn't have the depth of the previous entries. Main concerns are the cover system for me which I think reduces the tactics on the battlefield. I don't mind the lack of loot (would love it however) for the Elites/Heroes.- Animations could be improved to reduce repetition.CONCLUSION- It is a 7/10. I suspect with a bit of DLC and patch love this can be an excellent game. I belive they have struck a decent balanced between DOW1 and DOW2 - which is the reason why there is so much rage going on right now. you cannot please everybody, but if to take an open mind into this game you'll find yourself a rough gem (which, with a bit of dev polish will turn this into an excellent game!)"
,Not Recommended,285190,31533631,Posted: 3 May,all,RickelodeonTV,Shallow and joyless.
76561197984163259,Not Recommended,285190,31463042,Posted: 30 April,all,CH,A huge disapointment
,Recommended,285190,31441712,Posted: 29 April,all,rebus_forever,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmmJeWFUTiUhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/RebusForeverReviews#curationDo you like Dawn Of War 1?Do you like Dawn Of War 2?Would you like to play a game that mixes the best elements of the both?Ohhhhh, bad luck.Dawn Of War 3, style over substance, special edition is a real-time strategy game that features:1 online mode...........3 included races with mild customisation via elite units and doctrines for multiplayer.A campaign I'm enjoying so far (and the game does look and sound great).My context....I played a lot of Dawn Of War 1, I was a fan.I didn't take to DOW 2's smaller scale and more tactical battles but could recognise its appeal, I loved the co-op campaign and last stand modes.DOW 3 confuses the tactical play of DOW 2 while not committing fully to the mechanics that made DOW 1 great.The handful of buildings represents a mere nod to basebuilding.The larger scale makes tactical use of troops, and their abilities outside of smaller skirmishes, taxing at best.The only online mode being powercore is criminal!The lacking of a last stand mode makes me emotional.The 40 mins I spent looking for a co-op campaign are non refundable.But!!!When I stopped looking for DOW 1 or 2 and played 3 like its own thing, I warmed to it.If only just for another opportunity to participate in the Blood Ravens armoured amble across the Imperium- liberating demons , dooming planets and ripping off other chapters  precious relics all  in the name of the emperuh, I'd sooner it exist than not.The online isn't awful and my bias and enthusiasm for 40k, augmented by the single player mode still leaves me confidently recommending the game to 40k addicts who, let's face it, already own the game and for  people new to the franchise.When newcomers finish with 3, DOW 1 and 2 make great progressions, giving you a choice to focus on strategy or tactical driven versions of the chaotic circus of pew pew that is DOW 3.For folks who already played the previous games, you might have already played a better DOW so perhaps wait for a saleThanks for reading and maybe check out the video version in the link.I seem to have lost the flow of folks coming from these reviews onto my channel, if you visit the youtube let me know you came from here, thanks."
,Not Recommended,285190,31395914,Posted: 27 April,all,Skyblade,"This is a review based off the Multiplayer aspect of the game since thats what I have 15+ hours on thanks to the Multiplayer Beta. PSA I have not played the Campaign yet, I have played all the 1v1 maps and factions. (Eldar > Marines > Orcs)I was pretty hyped during the beta, I played about 15~ hours during the beta. I love PvP and facing people 1v1, so when the beta released with ""limited elite heroes/doctines"" I had high hopes there'd be a ton more options once the full game hit. Unfortunutly that wasn't the case. There are only about 8 unique ELITE units and around 25-30 doctrines (including ELITE unlockable doctrines) per race, but even then the doctrines and elites are pretty much the same across all the units except with a different theme.There are only 3 1v1 maps which I was a HUGE disappointment to me. If playing 2v2 and 3v3 didn't suck when one of your teammates/enemy players leave it wouldn't be so bad. (AI is pretty decent at least)I understand that the devs want to keep the multiplayer ""balanced"" but I think they could have added more races, doctrines and elite units. (Though take with a grain of salt, I don't know how a game development process works)All in all, the final cut to the chase is, I don't think this games worth the $60 price point yet. Maybe $30-40 but by then the multiplayer playerbase will be dwindled and I won't be able to play my Tau :(Give me a Soulstorm like conquest and Tau and I'll pick this game back up for $60.Prosper, as Tau Shall."
,Not Recommended,285190,32320026,Posted: 10 June,all,Noob4Breakfast♂,NOJust No
76561197962186657,Not Recommended,285190,31420616,Posted: 28 April,all,Tudekiks,"Well....if the Release dated had said 27 apr 2007 i could have accepted this and the new release of dawn of war 3 had been the number 2. and this new release we got this time had been the number 2. then i could have accepted it, i pre-ordered in the hyper of well Dawn of war 3.....but this is not Dawn of war 3. this is a new kind of game with our game title on. if only they could have called this something els and not have drawn this in to the Dawn of war series. 60 Euros.......thats the empty feeling i am sitting with now, i paid 60 euros for this when it is not even worth 10. there is no video in the campagin, just Art that moves abit while someone talks. the endless way of loosing marines would simply be unacceptable. when comming from dawn of war 2. and i still play that from time to time, the feeling of one squad going down could ruin the whole mission and one will really care about what happens to each and how you use them, that is all lost in dawn of war 3. Why couldnt they just have put a different title on it. it simply breaks my heart that they have done this, do they not care at all about the players ?"
,Not Recommended,285190,34335867,Posted: 18 August,all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker",How dare you. 0/10
,Not Recommended,285190,31409468,Posted: 27 April,all,*POPO*,Needs more Tau and less MOBA.
,Recommended,285190,31420583,Posted: 28 April,all,punkUser,"I almost never bother to post reviews, but in this case I feel the need to disagree with a lot of the negative comments here as I feel they reflect a (not atypical) conservative bias more than any reality about the quality of the game.Those who remember the launch of DoW2 might recall that there was also a lot of mixed/negative sentiment at the time since it was so different from DoW1. Many whined that it was just a reskinned Company of Heroes and didn't fit the 40k universe and so on. Others argued the strategy aspect had been lost in favor of pure micro. (For what it's worth, that balance is something that will never please everyone... there's no right answer, only preferences.) i.e. it's not dissimilar to the comments today, except now DoW2 is held up as the masterpiece :) For what it's worth, I agree that DoW2 is an amazing game; I've played hundreds of hours of it!So that brings us to Dawn of War 3. While it's still early, I played a fair bit of the beta and I feel confident enough in saying that they've hit a really nice balance in a lot of areas. In particular, having the more ""attack-move"" or ""set up here"" regular units vs. the micro-heavy Elites is a really nice way to balance the macro/micro aspects of combat. Units feel varied and the asymmetry of how races do upgrades, tech tree, etc. is well implemented.As someone who has played a lot of DOTA, the comments about this being a ""MOBA"" are really off the mark. Having a sequence of things to destroy does not a MOBA make, and anyone who claims there are ""lanes"" just doesn't have any idea what they are talking about. The maps are like regular RTS maps with various pathways through them. They tend to be symmetric this time around but again - selective memory - do you remember how much whining there was/is in both CoH and DoW2 about asymmetric maps? I'll agree with the complaint that I'd like to see more maps, but - again - that's been a complaint of every RTS I've played at launch and generally more get added over time.Time will tell whether we need more game modes for variety, but certainly this one doesn't seem particularly worse than any others in the past. Honestly the only impact the shields/turret/core thing has on gameplay vs. the more typical ""destroy their base"" is to potentially inhibit certain rush strategies. Even then, I'm not sure it really makes them less viable, just slows them down a bit.As far as single player goes, it's pretty bland but frankly so is most RTS single player. Go through it once for the experience, then head to multiplayer as god intended ;) :) [EDIT: See update below on this!]Of the things I'd like to see in future updates/DLC:- Concede option (why people keep shipping games w/o this is beyond me)- More maps of course- New race(s)- Investigate a new game mode if balance can be maintained well enoughI'm sure they'll add more elites and such but honestly I feel like there's already enough variety there... I'd prefer they just work on another race for an expansion or similar - the races we have all feel very complete with a good amount of variety.Anyways, just wanted to add my thoughts as I really don't think the negative criticism is particularly fair in most cases. Or at least it is disproportionally outweighing the good points with conservative bias, as most of the reviews themselves will admit (""it's not a bad game, but..."").[EDIT] I just wanted to update this review slightly after playing more of the campaign. It's actually somewhat better than the first few missions imply, so I want to call that out as less of a throw away than I initially thought. The rest of my review stands. Solid game throughout and I intend to play much more as time permits!"
76561198015486223,Not Recommended,285190,34261552,Posted: 15 August,all,Dextradamusz,"Well, it´s uninstalled now, so take a guess."
,Not Recommended,285190,31407090,Posted: 27 April,all,Gaius Dudeximus,RELIC! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
,Recommended,285190,31836289,Posted: 19 May,all,DofD,"It`s not a MOBA! It´s not DoW 1! It´s not DoW 2!If you are clear of this, you can acutally enjoy the game! Watch videos! Make your own decisions! Don´t trust hate comments!"
76561197998052704,Recommended,285190,31420056,Posted: 28 April,all,belzavior,"I think alot of people came into this game wanting a different experiance.  Perhaps they wanted that classic dawn of war I experience, or maybe something more similar to the SP campaign of DoW2.  While I have not finished the SP campaign, it so far doesn't seem to be anything really new.  But if you can put aside how you feel the game should be, and take the game for what it is, I think you will see that this game will be a leader in the genre for multiplayer.  There seems to be alot of focus on the multiplayer experiance and I believe thats where this game will shine.  Despite what some others have said the graphics of this game are great, and are very good depictions of the 40k races they are based off of.  Only reason they look at all ""cartoony"" is because 40k it's self looks rather cartoony.  The models have a ton of detail on them and in no way seem like low quality assets.The only thing I don't like about the game is the shop like options with ""skull"" currency that is used to buy different elite units.  I personally feel that all the multiplayer content should be available for use on a premium priced game.  If the goal was to sell off heroes then the game should of been priced differently to reflect that."
,Recommended,285190,31398439,Posted: 27 April,all,SiderealAdmiral,"People were hoping for DoW1 or 2 when this game was announced, but, it isnt either of those. The core gameplay is solid, and very fun, while also feeling like an homage to the original. Many reviews complain about elites, but, imo,  they're just more interesting heros."
76561198067955999,Not Recommended,285190,31409857,Posted: 27 April,all,Nemesisz,"The graphic looks really less detail compare to DoW2. It's 2017, why the graphic look so dull. The gameplay been too simplified and a bit boring. And I do agree with others who say its kinda take the MOBA path. I didnt say Moba is bad, I myself is a longtime LOL player but why make this game like this. I think they want to bring this game so badly into e-sport. Like a desperate attempt.Moreover, the campaign is boring. Its like a long tutorial. Gabriel Angelos just flipping around with his hammer. And dont make me start on the cinematic. I mean even indie company can make better cinematic than this one. You just doesn't feel the toughness of a space marine, the brutality of orkish and the elegent of the eldar in this one. Space marine sound a bit soft now and why the hell ork sound like a teenager on rage.Moreover, after a long waiting and with that price, you only got to play 3 faction. I mean really, 3 only.I was really hype about this game since I really love DoW2 so much and pre-purchase it. But after 2 hours playing, nope. This game is not living to the standard it suppose to have. It's look like it half done and they push it out too early. I just ask steam for a refund."
76561198006521789,Not Recommended,285190,31452706,Posted: 29 April,all,Warder,"Everybody who bought DoW3 right out of the gate were probably big fans of 1 and 2, like myself. DoW3 isn't like the first 2 games. Like most people it seems, I also wanted to yell boooooooooooooo at my screen while playing the first time. But here's the thing. Stuff changes. I mean everything. Just a fact of life. YES I wanted an HD version of DoW1 more than anything, but I can't sit here and grade a game on how I wanted it to be. That is utterly unfair to the people who worked hard making it. There are a whole lot of new mechanics to learn, but I really am finding myself liking it the more I play it. Here's how I rationalize it. It has been EIGHT long years since DoW2. Considering what's happened in that time with devs and companies, I am sitting here just plain happy that a third was made. If you go into this game crossing your fingers that it'll be everything your mind cooked up, or some version of past games....you'll be sorely let down like everyone else. Open your mind, give it a chance, and enjoy purging Xenos, or who ever it is you enjoy blasting!Edit: You know what? No.......no, no, no, no. I'm not recommending this game. I tried my best, and I just can't convince myself to like it. And come on, I tried REALLY hard convincing myself to like this game. This is NOT a DoW game. They tried putting lipstick on a pig. Call it something else. Anything else. When you give something a name with a reputation such as DoW it is just a fact people will want it because....well, it's DoW, and that use to mean something. The story is luke warm milk on a hot summer day, the graphics are not representative of it being the year 2017, their is absolutely zero strategy involved. It's just a meat grinder. Hero's and nukes are the end all to every single fight. No exceptions. Squads? Meh, just meat. Want new equipment for people? Nope. Want new abilities? You'll have to gain the right level and then hope you have enough ""skull"" points to buy it. Are you kidding me? Just let me enjoy a new ability, or any kind of proggession in the game with me feeling like I have to buy it. Oh and moving the screen around? Want to use WASD? Nope, not here. You'll have to use the arrow keys. So in the most micro managed RTS (ha kidding it's a MOBA) in history, you'll have to pause spamming abilities on the left side of the key board, jump to the arrows, move the screen.....you get it. It frustrates me to no end that game devs just abandon what made something popular to begin with. People loved the story, campaign, base building, squads, hero equipment, large armies, etc of the previous two games. Part 3 scrubs most of that in favor of an online/multiplayer experience that will show you just how terrible a moba/rts mash-up can be. People go to France for food and romance, Japan for anime or culture, Africa for a safari, the US for greasy food and guns. DoW 3 is going to the french cafe and getting a Kuerig cup, going to Japanese sushi and getting fish sticks. You get it."
76561198012492538,Recommended,285190,31451227,Posted: 29 April,all,Usual Suspect,"As an old Dawn of War fan I'm disappointed in this. It is an okay game on its own, but as a sequel it pales in comparison to DOW 1 and 2.The artstyle in the graphics feel a bit too flashy and generic.  The dialogue between characters in the campaign is shallow and not very immersive. You never really care about the characters in stark contrast to the previous games where you really become immersed in their story and wellbeing.Bringing back basebuilding was a good idea, but poorly executed. There is no tech tree to build around, so your base never really feels necessary. oh and there is only one game mode in multiplayer.The soul of the game has been sucked out - like theres not any real depth to it. The atmosphere from the previous games is gone.To sum up: for people new to the series it is an okay game, but if you are a long time fan of the DOW series, you wil most likely be deeply disappointed."
,Recommended,285190,31451318,Posted: 29 April,all,Magni,"After a romp through the campaign and a few skirmishes, I've found it to be a fun sort-of combination of DoW I and DoW II in terms of most gameplay and mechanics. Not a must-buy, but a good game. Also, the Orks are FANTASTIC. The scrap mechanic and Waagh towers are Mad Max as hell, and both really fun gameplay-wise and perfectly fitting background-wise for Orks.Oh, and anyone who calls this a MOBA understands literally less than nothing about what a MOBA actually is. There are no non-player controlled mobs here. No hero levelling/gearing in-match. Bringing a hero to an army fight alone is a quick way to get stomped - they're at tehir best as force multipliers or spearheads, not rambo-ing alone. And the maps are no more ""lane""-heavy than they've been in past DoW games.Tl;dr: Nice upper-middle RTS, the MOBA meme is wrong and dumb, worth playing but wait for a sale unless you're a big 40k fan."
76561198135481726,Recommended,285190,31425703,Posted: 28 April,all,diablo's revenge,don't go into this game and thick it dawn of war 1 because it not but it is a good game non the less and go in with a positive attitude and play the game for what it is and you have a lot of fun with the game
76561197993836001,Not Recommended,285190,31430934,Posted: 28 April,all,Anyport,"Horrid... this game is SC2 light light. Base building is meaningless might as well not be even the game, still very punishing to lose squads but no retreat funcion like DOW 2. So the multiplayer comes down the first engagement or the first time you wipe a squad than it's a slow march to the end of the game.It's hard to distinguish squads or what's happening really just a huge ranged blob mess with melee squads sometimes knocking units up, no strategy just get and advantage and sit in a defensive position and wait for your super unit to end the game.The single player is a farcry from DOW 2, which had interesting commanders and elite units that could be upgraded and equiped with different gear to accomplish different tasks. Dow 3 is mostly run from point a to b with the 3 factions, you don't get to choose.I don't even feel like the game is incomplete... it's just bad. Such a shame man"
76561197979863073,Not Recommended,285190,31451259,Posted: 29 April,all,brodarman,"Very disapointing.  Big fan of the other Dawn of War Games, but this is not worth the frustration.  To many missions where you get no reinforcements, no way to heal your units, and the enemies spawn continously all around you.  They managed to take strategy completely out of this game.  If you like replaying the same mission over and over again trying to figure out the exact success method that the designers had in their heads, then this game is for you.  If you are just a fan of the series and want to try it, then wait until it drops in price to about $10.  That's about all it's worth."
,Recommended,285190,31454514,Posted: 29 April,all,CyDok,"So I've spent around 12 hours in the game so far. Played most of the way through the campaign and done a fair amount of multiplayer.It's a great RTS game but it isn't like DOW or DOW 2, it's a lot more like Warcraft of old. You have some base building but this isn't the kind of game to build up a strong defense in. You build some grunt units and then you call down your elites. These are three per army per match and they are like Warcraft characters. They have ablitaties that help in combat buffing your grunts, control the field with slows and stuns, or whiping the floor with anything in their damage range.  You need to press the attack in both campaign and multiplayer constantly.The three playable races so far are the Space Marines, Eldar and Orks.I understand that the game is diffrent than pervious titles in the DOW series and is an RTS of a diffrent drum. But most of the negative reviews are folks who just wanted DOW2.It's a great game and I'm looking forward to more DOW 3 to come."
76561198068393547,Recommended,285190,31470875,Posted: 30 April,all,Lord Voryn Ur,Love this game. Loved DoW 1 and 2. Really happy to see more content added to the Warhammer 40k gaming list. Also cannot wait for Necrons and more factions in time. Sad to see all of these hate reviews from people who have hardly played the game. Very petty.
76561197979753277,Recommended,285190,31467095,Posted: 30 April,all,Eldril Sidewinder,"This game has a fair bit of controversey doesn't it?  Critics seems to love it, a lot of the established player base seems to dislike the direction of the game.  Here is where I stand:re: MOBA charateristics.  This isn't a MOBA, and I enjoy MOBAs.  The Elite units are truly powerful, but Dawn of War always had powerful elites.re: Dawn of War 1 v 2 v 3.  Troops 'melt' fairly fast at times, which reminds me of SC2, but it is a very different game.  My personal opinion, is that troops seem more disposible than I would like, but I personally didn't like units could be bullet sponges in DOW2.re: Art direction.  Yeah its a bit cartooney, but there is still a visual appeal.  Sometimes it is hard to tell what is going on due to all the explosions and 'pop' on the screen.re: Campaign.  So far, much better than DOWN 1 & 2.I think multiplayer has more depth than I initially thought and less 'stress' than some RTS games such as SC2.  I'd rather support a developer bringing an RTS at this time, and support a developer with a class A Warhammer 40k title.  Its not all that the fans wanted, but if it was closer to DOW1 or DOW2, it would offend the camp that prefers the other game (personally, I enjoyed 1 better than 2).  I think this is a solid title that will get better with the additions of more races."
,Recommended,285190,31398614,Posted: 27 April,all,.:TBC:. Roosell,"Games evolve. If you wanted this to be a Remaster DOW 1 or 2, then don't buy it. Instead, go and play those games.This lies somewhere between 1 & 2 in terms of units & basebuilding. The multiplayer is lane based, but if you played any of Company of Heores 2 you'll know that Relic was leaning that way in that game too.Why would they just add a 40K skin to an old game? Makes no sense. If you want DOW1/2/COH2/Starcraft 2, then why don't you go play those games. I appriciate RTS games are few and far between, but at least Relic is trying something rather than making the same games we've seen for 20+ years."
76561198004174990,Not Recommended,285190,31404259,Posted: 27 April,all,Chro'Tal,"I actually took the refund for this game, it is just not what I hoped. No character progresison, equipment, nothing.MP doesnt appeal to me, The campaign first 4 missions were boring. Sorry relic, first time you ever disappointed me."
76561198001377756,Not Recommended,285190,31734580,Posted: 13 May,all,DeMule,I really wanted to like it but it doesn't life up to the franchise and lacks polish. Game time is so high because I had left it open and went to bed and had no want to come back to even close it.
76561197967674097,Recommended,285190,31458204,Posted: 30 April,all,oN,Awesome get it! :D
,Not Recommended,285190,31451676,Posted: 29 April,all,Ξvo,"MSRP 39.99Thats how much this game should cost.  It's half of everything it's trying to be like, and not very much of it's own thing.Wait until it's on sale, if you must have it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31412914,Posted: 28 April,all,The Dungeon Master,"Been out for a few months now and I've had enough time to tell you that this games is far far far from being worth £40 more like £10 at most.- The visuals really do no fit the asthetic of the universe- The animations give the whole game a cartoony aspect- Multi player balance has been thrown out the window step1 play SM step2 spam assualt marine step 3 win- When draging a unit selection box it includes builders one of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechnics out there, does relic not realise this is such a backwards feature that belongs in the 90's- Units are expendable just throw them away mid and late game who cares- Power core mode is different however not the end of the world- The worst campaign I have ever played, story isn't too bad however the missions are beyond hurendous- Elite units are ♥♥♥♥ed, SM get assault marines base orks have to take ♥♥♥♥ing storm boyz as elite units, why? IT's beyond stupid especially when they missed the chance for so many oppertunities, seriously you could of had them as Da vlucha skwadand have Zagstruk as another elite. idiot devs- Elites don't even level up either so early elite units are trash late game.- The orks are the non-stop comic relief, yeah in dawn of war 1 the orks said some funny things as part of their brutally straight forward thinking. In this grots build a gun that throws insults at the enemy, hilarious if you are 6 or maybe have an IQ of 70.- THIS IS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING GORGUTZ IT'S A BAD ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IMPOSTER, isn't the same voice actor(doesn't even sound remotely the same) isn't his personality, isn't even close to what he looks like. He was just thrown in to keep some of the uniform the previous titles shared ♥♥♥♥ing devs should get aids.Redeming qualities- ehh kind of focused on multiplayer which is okay but the DOW1 unintentionally did it a lot better. With the dwindiling player base (about peaks of 800 at time of writing) you're going to come face to face with people who know the ins and outs of this game and will just ♥♥♥♥ you over, Ranked games but no rank system GG. Hmm this is a negative point never mind.- Basically nothing varity of units is pretty good with forge world units making an apperance in the form of shadow specters for the eldar. untill you get ♥♥♥♥ed with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ elite unitsRelic had the easiets job ever make dawn of war 1 with better graphics on a bigger scale and more units with a half decent campaign which they are more than capable of pulling off and they still ♥♥♥♥ed up. They sacrificed what they had for an attempt to swing in kick StarCraft 2 off it's throne as most poplar competitve E-sports RTS and appeal for the south koreans. Nice job well ♥♥♥♥ing done.This game can be brought back if the devs pull their fist out of each others asses however it's highly unlikely, still kind of looking forward to extra races but i'll probably just get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥again. Go play dawn of war 1 and then 2 but mainly 1 much better games."
76561198030728757,Recommended,285190,31464605,Posted: 30 April,all,INQ Deathox120,"ive been waiting for this game for over Three years and i must say it meets my expectations. i heard about the MOBA system and i admit i was unsure, about it but playing it i must say it really works, it feels great, works great, there are only a few things that should be added into the game, Heavy bolter turrets and such and bring back killmoves. the game just released so im deffintely sure that more content will be on the way."
76561198039283443,Recommended,285190,31472955,Posted: 30 April,all,CyrusFly94,"Love this game, it just needs more!!"
76561197971172954,Not Recommended,285190,31431013,Posted: 28 April,all,Pure SKill,"A very disappointing game:no cover systemno victory pointsno suppressionno moraleno retreat on unitsno sync killsno buildings you can garrisonno wargearno firing arcsno destructible terrainno armor typesinstead they added:elites to replace heroscircles to garrison instead of buildingsa clunky moba system victory condition to replace victory pointsI'm a huge 40k fan, and an even bigger RTS fan, so this is an auto-buy for me, but it's a very generic an forgettable title.  DoW 2 is superior in almost every way.  There are way more units on the field in DoW 3, if that's your thing."
,Not Recommended,285190,31431109,Posted: 28 April,all,Skulitom,-Crap UI-Dumbed down gameplay from DOW1 (its now stratedy DOTA wtf?)-Game always fails unexpectidly-Only 8 Maps-Stupid cover system-Few units
,Not Recommended,285190,31398317,Posted: 27 April,all,Azreilius,"After the poor support and updates, and lack of longterm information I am changing my review to negative.The last ""Balance"" patch that they released killed off Eldar as a faction completely, and pulled Space Marines up to the undisputed best race by a large margin. The game has now been in this state for over a month, and they say they will not balance it until July.I have also had a UI bug that has been reported numerous times,Do not buy this game unless you want a game lacking content with developers that are heavyhanded with balance that rarely update.Buy Dawn of War 1,2 or any of their Company of heroes games.Come back to this game in a year or so, and maybe it will be in a fleshed out balanced state, because currently it is bare bones."
76561197986083380,Not Recommended,285190,31404541,Posted: 27 April,all,Drega,This is not the Dawn of War that I remember... I don't know what this is but Dawn of War it is not.
76561198056094068,Not Recommended,285190,31415797,Posted: 28 April,all,Richy,Wish i could say more but this is nothing like it was advertised totally a warcraft 3 / moba copy and paste and only 8 maps and 1 game mode totally not worth the 78$  spent on it this was my first game ever refunded and happy it was done ill say rip dawn of war better days were behind you a franchise has died today in my heart
,Not Recommended,285190,31421040,Posted: 28 April,all,Vahlin,"I'm not sure how I feel about this game.  It's unique, and if people hadn't already written it off, I'd probably play it for at least a little bit.  But there's a few major problems with it.1. Micro is near impossible.  Units don't respond when commanded, and they all spread randomly rather than congregating around the point you click on.  It makes battles ""a + left click"" and watch it happen.  Which is quite boring.2. Macro is lacking.  Because your workers are used exclusively to build buildings, and they aren't even required to build on the resource generators, you only really ever need 1-2 workers at a time.  Which makes the game much more combat focused, and would be pretty cool if micro was a bigger part of the game... but since it isn't, most of the game is a click and see who wins.3. The game is set up as an esport, but there IS NO RANKED MODE.  This is key if you're buying this game hoping for the competitive starcraft-like experience.  If you're expecting a competitive game, DO NOT PURCHASE.What I would like to see happen in order to give this a thumbs up is a) smooth out unit movement and make micro worthwhile. b) add a ranked mode.But the truth is, as I said earlier, so many people have already written the game off or returned it that even with these changes, the game is probably dead in the water.  What a waste of $60."
76561198052665254,Not Recommended,285190,31461199,Posted: 30 April,all,crowdfunded,"Was a big fan of the other games in the series. But after playing this, it was made it clear that it had strayed from what made those games good, and it just wasn't much fun to play either the campaign or a skirmish."
,Not Recommended,285190,31434285,Posted: 29 April,all,Nemesis271989,Pros:Smooth gameplayMultiplayer orientedSome audio lines feel better than old gamesNew unitsCons:LoL/Dota/Warcraft inspiredPowerCore mode is stupid for 40k set upFeels like it is forced for matches to be lenghtyMissing cover system looking at DoW2 and CoH2Some Units and upgrades that have been around for a while are now missingI will update as I discover moreEdit...I tried hard but this game is a wreak
,Not Recommended,285190,31466339,Posted: 30 April,all,ToastGhost,It lacks all the content that makes modern RTS's fun. The gameplay is neat and the animations are great but the single player is just awful and multiplayer gets repetitive fast.
,Not Recommended,285190,31403697,Posted: 27 April,all,DatJason,"I like it, but its not Dawn of War. I love it in fact, but like I said, its not Dawn of War. No open maps, no strategic points, that stupid multiplayer gamemode instead of destroying your enemy and crushing their buildings, no epic kills. Its not what I expected, but that doesn't mean it can't be fixed."
76561197993817699,Not Recommended,285190,31454509,Posted: 29 April,all,Kai Shan,"Summary:1. Don't buy, waste of money.2. One, and only one, campaign with no replayability.3. Multiplayer is disappointing.Pros:1. It's 40k.2. Nothing, there's only one pro.Cons:1. There is only one single-player campaign. You play 2 maps as marines, 2 as orks, 2 as eldar, repeat. You have no choice of maps or starting points. You can play it in one sitting. There is no replay value; seriously, I will never play it again - there is no reason to. Unless I bump my head and lose all memory of having played it.2. Boring; there is no real base development to it, no base defence, your base is only there to drive the 'plot'.3. Cinematics, lots of cinematics. You can not skip them, you have to suffer them. They go on and on and on. They interrupt the game flow, oh look, I just did something, start a cinematic. Given the huge percentage of the game that is lost to cinematics and the fact that the game is a one-way street with no strategic choices, it feels more like a movie than a game.4. This is kind of a repeat, I know, but it is important. You cannot choose to play an ork campaign, or an eldar campaign, and imperial guard or chaos aren't playable at all. You have only ONE choice; you play two maps as marine, then two as ork, then two as eldar, then repeat the cycle.5. The last map is just a stupid boss arena. I didn't even waste my time on it, as soon as it started I exited the game, it was obviously over.6. The game is about 'elite' units, i.e. characters, not about standard units. Again, more in keeping with this being an interactive movie than a strategy game.7. I played this game in a single sitting, apparently that single sitting was 26.8 hours long, but it was still one single go. I don't feel good about any big dollar game that I can finish in one sitting, I mean if I could now play the game again as a different side then yeah, maybe, but since there is no choice in who you play it makes this game a one-shot. But really, if I pay $80 for a game then I want it to provide me with at least a few weeks of game play.Rant:1. For $20 you can buy a great game from an indie that you will love playing over and over. Or you can pay a big studio $80 for garbage like this.2. Relic, like most of the big studios, has lost the plot. This is not a game; I felt as though I was watching someone else's fantasy. If Relic wants to make a good 40k game then the first thing to understand is that we no longer care about 'great' graphics, the graphics of DoW 1 are good enough, spend your effort on game play, not trying to get ever better graphics. Graphics have ceilinged, they have reached the max that we care about, waiting ten minutes for the great graphics of some stupid cinematic to load kills the flow of the game. Realise this. It's not about graphics anymore, learn how to make games again.3. I want to be able to play a campaign, that means playing as one side from imperilled start to final conquest. I want to be able to play as marine, guard, chaos, ork, or eldar from the first day. Giving me two or three races in the first pack and then charging me almost for a full game for each race expansion is the work of Nosferatu, not of a human being. And I want to be able to pick maps, to have strategic choices.4. I want to build bases! That means turrets (without stupid artificial limits on how many), and it means walls; why do so few games give me walls? Dune and Red Alert seem to be about the only games that give me walls, why? Is there something really difficult about programming wall making into a game? Is this one feature somehow beyond most programmers capabilities? Why can't I have walls?5. Fallout 3/New Vegas was a good game. What was Fallout 4? It was Fallout 3 in a new map, with the addition of really crappy base building and really crappy crafting. If it had cost $20 then I wouldn't be whingeing about it, but hey look, I'm whingeing about it, why? Because it cost me $80 or $90. Dawn of War 1 was a good game; baring that I could only play 3 races and the maps were pretty small and the number of maps in a campaign was small. Dawn Assault was crap, a full priced expansion that I only bought so that I could play imperial guard in the subsequent full priced expansions, as a game on its own Dawn Assault was a joke due to the one map as guard, one map as eldar, rinse, repeat nonsense. What I play is Soulstorm, but I had to pay for a base game and four, count them, four full priced expansions to be able to play all of the races. DoW 2 was a joke, it wasn't quite an RPG, and it certainly wasn't a base building strategy game any more. Retribution was okay, but obviously not that great because I only played half the campaing before getting bored with it. Again, I bought Retribution to play as the guard. And now we have DoW 3, like Fallout 4 a complete waste of time and money. The big studios have lost the plot. What I have learnt from this is not to buy any $80 game until I can see positive reviews and have watched some youtubes. The days of the big studios are over, the days of $80 games are over; we now live in the era of small indie studios and $20 games."
76561198006817285,Not Recommended,285190,31466234,Posted: 30 April,all,Gruwski the Dogski,"So I just finished the closed and open beta of DoW3 and I have very mixed feelings regarding the game, most of the time it felt great early game but it was then drawn out to be a late game blob mess.As a very old DoW1 and DoW2 Veteran player I do in fact have complete mixed thoughts and I could cover a book of what's horrible or what is pretty amazing, but the fact reminds while I was typing down words for a review for Relic I saw these video's on Youtube.Indrid:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhEusT5JfUI&feature=shareTotalBiscuit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfEp-ZuwiGE&feature=shareThere's a lot of players whom have the same mixed views and I can 110% relay on the same kind of thoughts that went through my mind when I played it.Can i recommend it? Both Yes and No.For a laugh or two with a friend nothing quite as much besides that, the game lacks a lot of depth regarding a RTS and it feels like Relic simply smashed all kind of ideas from either Dota, Company of Heroes, Starcraft or simply old Dawn of war content/in game mechanics to make the all of the players from the DoW community feel pleased over a balance of both the first and second expansions.... How wrong Relic was.It's fun playing but the game lacks so much in this stage (Even after release) for me to say that it can be a long term ""great/good game"".I give the game a 4/10 cause it feels rushed and as a SPOILER for everyone whom likes the single player campaign of the earlier game's story and what not, you will in fact feel cheated because there's way to many elements of the story that is left untouched and unexplained while it all comes down to the fact that its a tutorial for multiplayer and you can just boost your elites through the campaign with ease."
76561198021266871,Not Recommended,285190,31403447,Posted: 27 April,all,ArchAnge1LT,"Was tempted to write a positive review just because of love of Warhammer and previous Relic games. However, this game is not very good in terms of content, and vision. Devs made pretty bad design and art decisions. Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,285190,31400901,Posted: 27 April,all,Anvil,"Close Quarter Units tooooo weak!And also they are too expensive.That makes them useless.Simply suicide squad(except Orks).A jump, slash for 5 sec then pull back,and get reinforce at base.????Instead of this I'd rather get more ranged units kill enemy by low costs of my units."
76561198001130820,Not Recommended,285190,31575815,Posted: 6 May,all,Corsin,"Yeah it wasnt a Dow1 remake, which many people seemed to be hoping for, but i... wasnt, i was looking forward to something new and more developed than DoW1 which was essentially a spam fest but was fun and worked... . And Dow2 was a bit small scale.And they delivered. (ish) the 4 maps they started with was a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, but i assume that will go up.However i found: Really good campaign, good gameplay, fun elite system that actually allows you to better customise your armies, where unlike COH2 the bullatins ACTUALLY make a differnece.So yeah, so far really enjoying it, and its only gonna get better as they introduce more races.The only downside is its more of a Moba than a RTS, but i have faith they'll fix it.EDIT: Two Months Later....Ok after the last few months, totally changed my mind...It died faster than any game ive seen, but thats because relic are total ♥♥♥♥ing idiots.... They didnt make an RTS, they made a MOBA. When will they learn all they gotta do is remake the first game.   Look what Blizzard did with starcraft, the most sucsessful RTS out. They didnt try to introduce fancy moba♥♥♥♥♥♥ (also didnt releace their game with 4 maps)... they remade what was good.Relic needs to get a ♥♥♥♥ing brain, like seriously, i defended this game at first, but now... after they throw worthless skins at us to try and keep us happy, and one map a month... they can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.I HONESTLY dont understand the makers of RTS games these days... like how EA killed C&C, relic/saga are killing DoW.... It literally only needed a ghrapics upgrade of DoW1, with hero units maybe. and they woulda blitzed it.   Its like they're TRYING to fail."
76561198155754531,Not Recommended,285190,31452773,Posted: 29 April,all,Rangborg,"So, at the risk of being one of ""those guys comparing this game to DoW/DoW2"" here my complaint. I tried hard to like this game. I got just over 6 hours on record and I'm giving up. I love DoW2 and having the cover system. It feels more tactical. I like having to move my troops into a different position to gain an advantage, get the flank etc. In DoW3, I just have a bundle of troops all huddled up, no cover, just shooting at another bundle of troops. It's just not fun for me. I know others will like it and I don't want to knock anyone for liking the game, but for me, it just isnt fun. I am currently trying to get a refund but it's proving difficult given the amount of time I have played...which is lame because I kept coming back thinking each time would be more fun."
,Recommended,285190,31467572,Posted: 30 April,all,Vae,"I was shocked to see how many negative reviews this game is getting. Maybe it is because people that are loving it like me are too busy playing. I was a huge DOW I fan. DOW II didn't really do it for me. The retreating units and no base building were really offputting.From that background I love DOW III, sure the MOBA elements take a bit of getting used to. Sure I miss the sync kills. Neither of those slight detractors are anywhere close to stopping me from playing A LOT.I love the art and graphics in this game. The voice acting remains top notch. There is enough micro I can have fun with it without feeling overwhelmed. I love leveling up my elites and unlocking new ones. The unit selection for each race is really deep and the units all feel fun to control. I have put in over 6 hours just playing against the computer and I don't see that slowing down anytime soon."
76561198050055587,Recommended,285190,31512349,Posted: 2 May,all,chrissher123,"This is a decent game that it is currently a bit light on content. It also has a hate crowd that continually bashes the game and thinks it is a MOBA when it really isn't (Disclaimer, I preferred Dawn of War 1 to Dawn of War 2 and I like that this game is closer to Dawn of War 1 which is one of my all time favourites.). I think this is down to it being different from the previous 2, both of which also being very different to each other, and the dedicated fans of both sides wanting nothing to change. After the initial reveal I think relic also said that they wanted to make it more MOBA like or something even though it is still far from a MOBA. Dawn of War 2 arguably is more like a MOBA than this game.Anyway, down to the game itself. The multiplayer is actually really fun because of the elite system and the campaign is ok although I'm really just playing that for the skulls. I like the elite system the game has and some of them are awesome if a bit OP and I don't like grinding for skulls (Orks hint: Gorkanaut > Morkanaut.). It does lack content though and reminds me of Total War: Warhammer at launch. It needs 1 or 2 more factions and also more maps until it is 'complete'."
76561198005375131,Not Recommended,285190,33637335,Posted: 18 July,all,DefiantRoxas,"So, you're looking to buy Dawn of War III and want to check out the reviews first. You're going to see opinions ranging from ""Why does this even exist?! This heresy must be annahilated!!"" to ""Praise the Emperor this game is AMAZING"". It's no lie that Dawn of War III is heavily different than DOW II or the original DOW. I personally have enjoyed my time playing it, and I just want to cover some pros and cons on what even is this game. First off, don't buy this game... YET. You need to wait for more updates, and possibly even the first expansion. The game isn't ready, but it's getting there.Let's start with our pros:The game was made this year, and it looks good. If you're into flashy things, stuff blowing the **** up everywhere you look and your army smashing the Orks like the filthy zenos they are, you're in the right place. The graphics and overall visual appeal of this game is great. It feels and moves like it was made yesterday like it should. However, this isn't too ""There is only war"". Like I said it's flashy, and **** blows up. But when it does, it's a good feeling. The color pallet is a lot more bright and somewhat cartoony than what fans are used to (hence negative reviews based talking about Gabrial flipping in the air). However if that suits you, or if you're like me and don't personally care, than this can be a plus to you.The devs care about you and acutally listen. Updates are coming out like crazy, with free skin packs for elites, new game modes and new maps. They listen, and they want us to enjoy the game. This plays into why I said to wait to buy this game. Let the devs figure things out and show us what this game is really capable of.Power core is fun, if you're like me. The game orignally launched with one game mode called power core. In it, you destory the other team's sheild generator, tower and finally their core to win. Yes, it is MOBA-esque. However it was a move the devs made because they wanted to try something new. I will get into how this is a bad thing down in the cons, however the game mode itself is fun and enjoyable enough to be a pro.Annihilation is in the game now from a free update. Like I said: WAIT to buy this.The story was awesome. Characters from all over DOW return in this story mode, like Gabrial, Macha from DOW I, Gorgutz from close to every orignial DOW game and expansion, and several others. For fans looking to replay as some of their favorite servents of the emperor, or zenos, it was very enjoyable. The missions had a good amount of variaty, and felt very centered around your heroes (the game wanted to focus on that). I do have some problems with the final stretches of the story (spoiler free of course).The races you can choose from are extremely fleshed out, and have 9 elites to choose from for each faction. Every race plays so differently, you get an extreme difference playing each race. Orks have their unique scrap machanic, Eldar are quick and have a more run-and-gun personallity, and Space Marines are a little bit of everything and are balanced. Each race has something for everyone to play.With that out of the way, lets talk about the Dark Gods themselves: the cons.Power core. The gamemode is easily a con as well. This is a Dawn of War game after all. Power core is a great idea, and could have fit into other strategy games much better, but Relic decided to give it to us. After a while of playing ONLY power core (as the game only launched with it), things got incredibly boring. It's fun to play every now and then, but not to play for hours on end. This is Dawn of War after all, just let me kill everything and be done with it.The limited maps, races, and gamemodes. As I have said, Relic gives us free maps and gamemodes with each new update. However there just aren't enough of them right now. The standard game has very little to play around with, and annihilation classic and annihilation with defenses are the same game type, just one has turrets already placed for you. Races to select from is another story. You only have the Orks, the Eldar and the Space Marines to choose from. Although all are very different and play unique enough, there just isn't enough varity between games to keep me playing for hours on end. I have over 60+ hours in the game already, but I never play more than a few games at a time because it's close to the same thing over and over again.Races and elites. Elites are way too overpowered, but at the same time that is their purpose. To be there to crush whole armies in one ability. But at the same time that will turn many people away from the concept of building an army. Why spend all of these resources on an amazing, kick butt army when one enemy super walker comes up and shoves a cannon 20 feet long down their face? It almost makes your army building feel worthless and you end up spamming one type of unit to counter whatever elite the enemy has on their feild.IF YOU DONT WANT POSSIBLE SPOILERS ABOUT THE ENDING DONT READ***************************************************************************************The story's ending. Why in the Emperor's name does this bother me so much? I asked that to myself about 5 times after the game had ended. It literally just, ends. Thats the best way I can describe it. Maybe I am missing something but ****** I want answers.***************************************************************************************Less grim dark, more Starcraft. The look of the game can easily be a con, like I had stated above. It's cartoony and enjoys throwing some physics out the window in favor of flashy abilitys and explosions.All and all the game is still fun, even with its faults. Please, please wait to buy this game. The workshop is constantly releasing new mod content made by fans, and the devs are still releasing updates. When the game looks good enough to buy, do it. Put your faith in Relic and they will not dissapoint."
76561198035554883,Not Recommended,285190,31511282,Posted: 2 May,all,Quesocito,"Game just went downhill from release.Initially thought it was going to be great during BETA. Still held hope for it for a month after release.Realised it was an empty shell, MOBA wannabe, targeted at the complete wrong audience.Dull and uninteresting maps, combined with extremely repetitive builds.Poor Balance.Waiting for it to be improved."
76561197972328038,Recommended,285190,31408168,Posted: 27 April,all,Fancyjamz,"I like DoW1 and the combat from DoW2, and I think they have merged the two games well in DoW3. If you aren't sure about getting this game, then wait for a sale, but if you liked one and two, you can find plenty to like in three."
76561197966623162,Recommended,285190,31421329,Posted: 28 April,all,RedTugBoat,Forget what others say. This game is so good. I played so much during open beta. It can get really strategic the more you learn. I definitely recommend!
76561198005674931,Not Recommended,285190,31402703,Posted: 27 April,all,Baby Schwarzenegger,"Sooo, i was waiting for this game for a long time,Graphics:-They look kinda cartoony and i find DOW2 graphics a lot better than these ones, i can't understand how this game takes more ressources. They're still beautiful don't get me wrong but simpler and cartoonish.-The UI is absolutely ugly, it looks like mobile game or facebook graphics-They replaced the covers of dow2 with ugly bubbles...and there's no escuse, they could have just remove the bubble and let the walls...idk why they putted the bubble, it is unrealistic and ugly.-The explosions look nice but i havn't seen that much animation, maybe because we cannot zoom very closely.-Too much ground marks even with marks desactivated in options. It really ruins the immersion.Gameplay:-I like the fact that we can customize our army with elites(even tho a lot of them are completely overpowered).-They mixed dow2 and dow 1 gameplay which is nice. Big armies are back-Balance: My space marine squad get destroyed by an ork squad on 1V1...bro marines are supposed to be far superior, like they were in DOW1.-I don't know why but i feel a lot less enjoyment playing this game than i do with DOW1. DOW1 was more brutal, faster, and units were more resilient. idk-Every damn units has a special power...there's so much special powers, why so much? When you have 20+ squads army you don't have time to use every units special power. Get rid of special power for at least half units plz, or make them use it automatically-Music:-reminded me of ""gone girl"" soundtrack with some deep bases. Not as epic as DOW1 musics but still enjoyableCOnclusion:I had the same problem with civilization 6 but it seems like big games today tends to resemble more and more to mobile game or facebook games. The graphics are becoming....simplers and less detailed and the gameplay is also becoming a lot simpler.Still this is a good product but idk man, seems like i cannot enjoy playin it.Hope a lot of updates are coming, i can't understand how the game use so much ressources with graphics like that, also of course more races and a lot of work on the balance(especially on elite units) would be nice.Sadly i have to put a thumbs down for now even if this is not a bad game."
76561197995330943,Not Recommended,285190,31405088,Posted: 27 April,all,timmey17,"Not worth getting this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of a Moba and my beloved Dawn of War 1.Most aspects that made the first game fun were scrapped in order to make it an ""esport"" .Thanks alot."
76561198008611108,Not Recommended,285190,31754269,Posted: 14 May,all,britzrules,"I really wanted this game to be as good as either of the other dawn of wars. I would recommend DOW1 for the RTS element anyday, my friends still get it out and play it from time to time and DOW2 for the campaign, specifically co-op.I can't see myself playing this one for very long at all. Gutted.Maybe relic should just re-do Dawn of War 1 adding tyranids, that would be great!"
,Recommended,285190,31552909,Posted: 4 May,all,Nadmozg,"Great game, much more strategic than Dow2 afrer removing retreat and heavy supression mechanics. Overall unit balance and race diversity is nice. Now i'm only waits for imperial guard and chaos dlc."
76561198043442807,Recommended,285190,31552737,Posted: 4 May,all,Tickleschitz,"Not as hardcore as DOW 1 with mods, but I'm enjoying this one more than I did any of the DOW 2 games. It's not perfect (3 races, only 1 kill the base mode in MP and small number of maps for quickplay), but I really think the workshop will keep bringing in some fan favourites from the other games like they already have been.The lack of buildings and units have me think they are going to add a lot more through DLC which sort of sucks with it being a really expencive game. Think DOW one vanilla - barebones and then each expansion adds more units/buildings and races.The races they DO have are a lot of fun. Orks feel like Orks, space marines feel like space marines and Eldar feel like Eldar.Would recommend this game on sale for $40-$50 but hold off for now with full price, or until you can get it in a gold edition bundle."
,Recommended,285190,31454175,Posted: 29 April,all,Nikola Tesla,"My OpinionI feel as though I am in the minority of having enjoyed this game immensely thus far, and it saddens me to see that many (I would not say most, because there are plenty of people who can develop their own tastes and opinions) people seem to be judging this based on group-think - that is to say,""These guys don't like it for this reason, so that's why I don't like it, even though I may actually enjoy it without preconceived biases.""Many games have suffered undeservingly poor - or positive - reviews because of this social phenomenon.  Dawn of War III is in my opinion part of the former category, with many people falsely saying that the developers have corrupted the game into a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA for short), all without giving it the chance it deserves, free from bias.  Once again, this section of the review is myopinion, as I am sure many people are already slavering through gritted teeth because how dare someone give this ""pathetic excuse for a Dawn of War title"" a positive review.  This game isFUN, and let me explain before you bring out your pitchforks and report me to the local Arbites for re-education.  The review will be as long and as thorough as I can make it on the first pass, so if you are someone who cannot read past thirty or so words, I suggest stopping while you are ahead.OverviewThis is the third installment in the Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War series.  Starting with three factions - which is one fewer than the previous titles - the player can fight and slaughter their enemies as the noble Space Marines, the ancient and dying race of the Eldar, or the crude yet cunning Orks.  The campaign is long but not as engaging as previous titles, it feels like another take of Dawn of War vanilla's campaign minus the Chaos Space Marines, but it just is not as engaging as the first.  Base building is back, which was left out in Dawn of War II for a more tactical squad-based skirmish system rather than an all-out ground war of Dawn of War I + Expansions.  The ground war is back again, in all its glory.   Skirmishes in both public and custom matches have only several maps to choose from in each of the 1v1, 2v2, and 3v3 categories, and there is only one game mode currently.  We'll expand on that later.New GameplayEach race's most power and elite units and heroes are no longer able to be recruited through buildings; you must now choose the three you feel would most compliment your playstyle and usual army compositions, and can then summon them one at a time using a new resource - elite points, which pool up over time, or whenever you complete objectives in a skirmish. For example, elite units such as Terminator squads for Space Marines, Warp Spiders for Eldar, or Meganobbz for the Orks are now an optional - yet noticeably powerful - choice when customizing your army in the lobby.  Each elite unit or hero has set of abilities and passives unique to only themselves, as wellA notable addition to the franchise are the walker-class elites such as: the Imperial Knight, the Eldar Wraithknight, and the Ork Gorkanaut; these mighty war machines are capable of single-handedly turning a fight in one's favor - but are the most expensive elites to acquire and have the longest respawn timers in the game.  A word for the wise, do not get cocky and think that just because you have your walker you can attack an enemy base head-on without support.  Anti-vehicle weaponry in Dawn of War III works stupendously, and if you leave your walker in the fight for too long you may just have to wait around ten minutes until you get another.Another new system in Dawn of War III is carried over in practice from Company of Heroes 2 - doctrines.  Before a battle, you may use your Skulls to permanently unlock interesting faction-wide upgrades to your units, buildings, or racial passives using these doctrines.  Do you think your tactical marines are too slow running from the base to the nearest fight?  There's a doctrine which increases Tactical Marine movement speed while out of combat.  Some give new abilities to units, some give shields to a specific vehicle, while some reduce cooldowns for abilities.  You may only select three doctrines before the game begins.Lastly, multiplayer battles now have an “Escalation” system ranging from 1 to 4, which increase the percentages of building health, resources gained, and some damage types as time elapses, which makes for a skirmish-based early game where the loss of a squad is a major blow, to late game when you are constantly grinding out units to feed into the meat grinder because you have so many resources.CampaignAs stated earlier, the campaign for Dawn of War III is long and linear.  It has its memorable moments that range from hilarious in the Ork missions to serious during the Eldar or Space Marine missions.  But for the most part it just feels like it drags on instead of getting straight to the point.  For want of a better comparison, it’s like a story arc from Dragon Ball Z, too much filler in between the good parts of the story.Skirmish Mode & MultiplayerHere is the part that has many people upset, and I cannot fault them for feeling angry or betrayed because of the decisions Relic made.On launch, there is only ONE game mode, where each team has a power core protected by a turret or turrets which can only be destroyed after their respective shield generator has been dealt with.  The goal of the game mode is to destroy the enemy’s power core which will end in a total victory for the other team.  Sounds a bit like a MOBA, right?  You would be correct, it does, and at first that is exactly what it felt like.  My buddy and I were very confused and hesitant about the new mode, because we are historically Annihilation players ourselves.  It turned out to be a blast after our first few matches and getting the hang of the game mechanics.  But what’s that saying?  Even if you like chicken, you are going to get sick of it if it’s the only thing you eat every day.  And not everyone likes chicken.This is where I agree with people saying that Relic messed up when they launched with only this completely new, MOBA-inspired match mode without leaving any alternative to players who used to play annihilation or other game modes.  Even though I personally like the new mode, I do wish I could just play annihilation for the pure carnage and fun that it entails.Technical ReviewThe art style has changed direction from realistic from Dawn of War II to a stylized take based on the tabletop models themselves.  If you are a fan of realism you will see this as a downgrade, much like Sid Meier fans reacted to Civ6’s graphics when compared to Civ5’s.  Stylized graphics are not everyone’s cup of tea, and I can respect that.  However, the models, buildings, and environment are extremely well-detailed and beautiful, but I’m running on Ultra settings with a Nvidia GTX 1070 graphics card, so user experience will vary.Animations are fluid, apart from some melee animations resetting mid-swing if the unit being targeted dies or moves out of range.  Building animations are simply pleasing to look at, and it’s interesting to see how each race constructs their buildings.As for sound, I use a simulated 7.1 surround sound headset and the sounds of combat, building, or even just the stomping steps of terminators compared to the silent stalking of scout marines sound very nice.  So far I have experienced no choppy audio even during major battles.  Each race has a fully-voiced adjutant that calls out information to the player as it happens in real-time.Final Score: 7.7/10If you have reached this part of the review, thank you for taking the time to hear me out.  I am not saying this is the perfect Dawn of War title, but it is fun and I can honestly recommend it based on my experiences.  Call the Inquisition on me, I don't care."
,Not Recommended,285190,31405256,Posted: 27 April,all,TriMara,"Incredibly disapointing. Orks are worthless and all ranged and dont even feel like orks what so ever. Out of the couple games I played almost everyone was eldar or space marines and it ended with artillery and tank spam. Story is good but not enough to carry the 70 dollar price tag since the multiplayer is such a drag through the mud. 1v1s are the funnest but still not enough.Tldr you get 2 race choices, eldar or space marine which isnt much when they are asking for damn near 80 bucks."
76561198007267434,Recommended,285190,31514025,Posted: 2 May,all,Finubar,"Hello everyone!Ok so first off I like to point out this game has got a lot of bad reviews from people.But I like to point out I’ve played all Dawn of war games and do think this is worth a buy.Campaign is great and gets back to the lore of Warhammer world. If you are a TT fan like myself and read all the BL books then you know what I mean. There is a good plot and you get to see some old friends for Dawn of war 1 and 2.Game play is old school Dawn of war. With build your base and attack the enemy with 1 and 2 objectives to do. Graphic's is epic IMO and the Space marines and Eldar are scaled really nice. I remember back in the day we had to mod the game to make the units look right, Here the models are perfect and you can see they even have the weapons down to master craft. Textures are top Quality as well. So in total there is 17 Mission but I know a lot of people are crying about this. If you’re like myself and have a lot to do like work and look after 3 kids then you can do max two Mission a day.MP is good and is fast pace. you can get destroyed Early game if you play your cards wrong on the first few min so take your time and plan well cos there all sharks on the MP.The game has huge potential to get DLC which I would ease pay for. So I don’t have to mod it any more lol.Things I didn’t like,Maps are a little small even for 8 players.The price of the game is not funny. 60 euro. I would say it’s worth 45 euro then it would be a great deal but i know it cost a lot to make game these days so ill just leave it there.Over all i love the game and it does feel like dawn of war one 8/10."
,Recommended,285190,31513755,Posted: 2 May,all,Nojembre,"People complain about a lot of things in this game, but for what it is, it is a great addition to the Warhammer universe. The story is good if you care to pay attention.Obviously we need more factions and multiplayer game modes but the same thing happened with DOW 2, and that got fixed in time. I actually enjoy the MOBA style multiplayer mode even though I don't play many games like Dota or LoL."
76561198102981131,Not Recommended,285190,31740194,Posted: 13 May,all,Joshua,"Basically no base building and less squad depth, this is super duper simple, not really going to keep you captivated."
76561198061841622,Recommended,285190,31405925,Posted: 27 April,all,Natas,"Good game, could use some balancing and nerfing but obviously since its a new game that will come with time. Lots of people complaining about MOBA elements... if you have ever played any RTS ever then you would know that its no different then any other RTS out there."
76561198007041072,Recommended,285190,31406064,Posted: 27 April,all,N I C E  A E S T H E T I C,Great so far. Will write an updated one after more hours. A lot of people seem to be giving negative reviews and refunding after 10 minutes of play which is pretty pathetic.
76561198005489415,Recommended,285190,31412103,Posted: 28 April,all,Maylevil,"Great game, good fun! Ignore the hateful comments. Don't expect dow 1 just like how we shouldn't have expected dow2 to be here. Elements of both have been carried over and the gameplay is solid. Played the beta and bought the full game, played dow1/2 and am so far loving this. If you're interested in getting this but are​ unsure, watch some YouTube videos of gameplay, buy it and try it if you like the look of it."
76561198046572530,Recommended,285190,31451184,Posted: 29 April,all,Zander,this game is not a mobahere is a mobahttp://na.leagueoflegends.com/
76561198007482286,Not Recommended,285190,31403939,Posted: 27 April,all,Stuu22,"one step forward 22,000 steps beck"
,Not Recommended,285190,31406387,Posted: 27 April,all,G-59 / / Grey Magic,"sega, can u do WH40k a favor and ♥♥♥♥ off, we didnt ask for a ♥♥♥♥ing moba and a core to protect in the game. leave it to some edgy ♥♥♥♥♥ to ruin something that was good"
76561197970754855,Not Recommended,285190,31407147,Posted: 27 April,all,Ulrick,Not sure why they wanted to make a Starcraft clone.  They just reskinned Starcraft.  *Sigh* Would rather have had Dawn of War 3.Asked for a refund. Can't say how disappointing this game is on so many levels. It is obvious they plan to hit esports with the multiplayer. They sacrificed all that was unique about the entire previous series to do that. Shame on them...
76561197972752851,Not Recommended,285190,31406317,Posted: 27 April,all,Fat Murphy,I think they poured more money into a multiplayer experience than they did single player. Disappointed. Will seek refund.
76561198037031946,Not Recommended,285190,31406505,Posted: 27 April,all,cjwillms,"Extremely disappointing. I loved Dawn of War 1, 2, and the associated expansions. All the promo videos looked great, but that's about where it ends.Base building feels extremely dumbed down. Control points now give you both energy and requisition, instead of requiring distinct buildings. Resources come in at a crawl, and the rest of the buildings feel superficial at best.Unit interactions are also very lacking. No cover or terrain bonuses. Combat now feels more like a numbers game than anything. The only units that seems to matter now are the ""Elites"" which have replaced hero and super units. Not only that, but elites are simply behind a timer, making resource gathering and base building far less important.Overall, this iteration feels more like a MOBA without a true player controlled character. At best you can suggest to a AI controlled elite unit where to go. The rest of the time you will basically just be sitting with minimal need to touch your mouse, let alone your keyboard.If you want base building, get Dawn of War I and the expansions. Dark Crusade is highly recommended. If you want a squad based tactical game, go far Dawn of War II."
,Not Recommended,285190,31408066,Posted: 27 April,all,Habs,Un-finished
,Recommended,285190,31418048,Posted: 28 April,all,El Presedente Beatus,"One of the ork buildings opens up to reveal a bunch of speakers and starts to play rock musicAs the ability goes on, it also puts on a light show.For the finale, it shoots off fireworks and a WAAAAAGHHHHH! buff is given to greenskins in a certain radius around it.ORKZ WAZ MADE FOR ROCKIN"
76561198021244149,Not Recommended,285190,31405913,Posted: 27 April,all,Pangalactic,"Dawn of Disappointment---------------------------I will go element by element.1) Graphics (technical) 5/5Great, all the textures, models and effects look beautiful, no objections2) Artstyle -1/5An epic artstyle fail. This is supposed to be Warhammer 40K! I want to see the veterans of a thousand battles in their worn down armor! Instead, we get characer models that look like shiny toys for 7 year olds. Blood is pretty hard to describe in this game, it looks like cranberry juice of inhumane color. The particle effects are so numerous that you can hardly make out what's going on the screen sometimes. Also, gone are the great finishing moves from the previous two games, now it's just glorious cranbery juice getting spilled everywhever. If you've seen the trailer, then know that this game looks nothing like it, and more like a sunday morning cartoon.3) Gameplay - 2/5The game has been extremely dumbed down with the obvious intent to appeal to the MOBA croud (suffice to say that out of three tutorial missions one is how to play in multiplayer, to which I will get later). Cover mechanics are gone, replaced by RIDICULOUS bubbles. Basically, if you capture a bubble, your forces inside can take no ranged damage, making them extremely OP and turning every mulitplayer game in a rushfest. Entering and exiting buildings? Gone.But the worst thing is that the normal units have been tuned down to basically cannon fodder in terms of their power (think creeps from LOL / DOTA 2) whereas the heroes can single-handedly wipe out whole armies (think actual heroes from the same LOL/DOTA 2). In other words, the strategy component has been almost completely destroyed, since what we have left are two types of units:- cannon fodder units who do not matter at all- elite units who are super OP and are the only thing that mattersand this leads to the situtation where if you have more units than your opponent, you are pretty much guaranteed to win. there is no tactiacal component anymore since the game boils down to the elite units anyway. In the previous game, they were certainly powerful, but as a clever addition to the rest of the game. This time, they are the game. Units and counter-units are also gone since the elite units juat destroy them all.Overall, in the mindless attemnts to copy the LOL / DOTA 2, the game destroyed all the fun aspecs that were in the series previously and replaced it with a very boring and uninteresting experience.3) Campaign - 1/5Here's my winning strategy for pretty much all the missions of the campaign: start a mission, get initial base set up, ALT + TAB and watch a youtube video or go for a walk or whatever, come back, build everying with the insane resources you have, win the game. Repeat every time. The AI is not just dumb, it's non-existent, the enemies jsut don't attack you, they literally station their troups on the map doing nothing - maybe sending one squad every ten minutes to make sure you don't completely fall alseep,The story is passable at best (in therm of what's happening). But the dialogue however is another thing that gets me. Gone are the days of the hilarious orc banter from DOW 1 or the glorious Eliphas. All the characters are completely bland and I can't remember a single moment that I actually remembered or that made me smile or laugh, or just feel any emotions towards whatever is happening with them.4) Multiplayer 1/5You would think that with such emphasis on pandering to the MOBA croud they would nail this part - but again it's a huge miss. The maps are as bland as they can possibly be - basically symmetrical round arenas devoid of anything interesting, there are lanes from one base to another (yup, same LOL/DOTA 2 ideas), and to win you ened to destroy the enemy towers and then the aincien...ehm, sorry, the core. All the interesting mechanics (such as stealthing Eldar buildings or building a second HQ) are gone, what we have left is a very dumbed-down experience. Again, tactics is virtually non-existent, and having more units than your opponent guarantees you the victory. I've played quite a few games, and so far  not a single one was a close one. Usually what happened was that either I or my opponent got an early advantage and the game was decided at that point - since, again, having more units almost  guarantees that you shall prevail.OVERALL VERDICT: 1/5This is not the Dawn of War 3 we expected. It is a very mediocre game that tries its hardest to copy Dota 2 , LOL and Starcraft 2, and fails at every single one of these things.As a game, it is just average.As a Dawn of War game, it utterly disappointing and definitely the worst one in the series so far."
,Not Recommended,285190,31410002,Posted: 27 April,all,qubilee,"Before I am deleting this game to ask for a refund, i feel that it is only fair i write a review to unsuspecting people out there who is expecting a hybrid between DOW1 and 2 for DOW3.NO.It is just DOTA-ish squad mixerLook, i know some people in the forum is saying DONT BE SALTY, THIS ISNT DOW1 or DOW2!!! Its called DOW3 for a reason. My Counter to this is... it is called Dawn Of War, technically speaking it should adhere to the series,If they want to make the sorry excuse of this current one to be rated as ""DAWN OF WAR"", then i would say that relic or sega or whatever has destroyed the DoW series. IF they would have wanted to create something moba-ish out of the series, can they not just brand the game in another NAME?NOPE. They intend to cash in the moba hype with the name of DoW. relic..Games should stick to their roots to EVOLVE! Thats what made all bestseller seller sells. (eg witcher series) Not totally change the system, it is like goat giving birth to cubs.ANyway,1)graphics is bad for 2017.2) Music is so-so3) Gameplay is boring as hell reptitive. Destroy each others core in a dota-ish manner with a squad of your choice. The rest are all gimmicks.4) There is ingame currency to upgrade your squad u do get enough to make this a long term game.5)Last but not least, it is perhaps too early for me to say not to this and start the flame war here, but this aint DAWN OF WAR!I shall herby name this Dawn of ♥♥♥♥♥s! screw you relic and sega. Give yourself a pat for you have lost another long term fan of DoW series. Good JoB you SOBS!"
76561198006653609,Recommended,285190,31410043,Posted: 27 April,all,ishcombebel,"I have played all of the Dawn of War games and this is definitely a change, but I welcome it, if I wanted to play DOW 1 i would reinstall it. The battles are dynamic and pretty fun to watch and orchestrate. While the  UI may be a little clunky compared to say Starcraft 2, it barely takes a match to get over. I would recommend this game if you want a bloody, action-packed RTS multipalyer."
,Recommended,285190,31603271,Posted: 7 May,all,>>SPOOON<<,"Completely different to the previous two games, but still brilliant once you get stuck into it! Don't listen to the moba reviews, the influence is there but it's RTS at it's core, its an interesting change to the series."
76561198028431470,Not Recommended,285190,31490504,Posted: 1 May,all,Wolf(Thesewarz),"simply put, I wanted a remake of DOW 1 with better graphics.They tried to add stuff from so many other games that it's officially lost it's place in my heart.The DLC better be free because I hate this almost MOBA feel with lanes and just smashing blobs together.This should'nt be considered a strategy game anymore because it basically boils down to who gets the biggest army first.I was already dissapointed during the beta, but I figured more things would be added later on when it actually came out. However, I was wrong and I wish I could get a refund.Is this game fun? - YesIs it worth $60? -No.Bottom line, I would only rec this game once the price drops a lot, or the addons become free or included in some package deal. Until then, what you see on youtube is basically what you get. 3 maps and one gamemode.EDIT: Still find the game boring without strategy. But my biggest issue as of right now is the critics. like look at the metascore of actual players compared to the people who gave this game a ♥♥♥♥ing 9/10. like no, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not what we want from DOW. Bring your casual♥♥♥♥♥♥somewhere else."
,Recommended,285190,31468746,Posted: 30 April,all,GAIN TRAIN,"Loved the original DoW. DoW2 came out, and I skipped it. I loved the large scale of DoW1, and seeing what DoW2 did, I thought to myself why? Now we have DoW3. And I'm genuinely pleased with it. Its a little more structured than the original in terms of how the multiplayer can be played. You can't spam turrets, and do 3 minute cheese rushes. Its very focused on large scale and micro of your units. I like the elite system, and I like how much effort you have to put into the fights and managing your units. I don't play single player and I never will, it was always the multiplayer that mattered to me.I like that each army has progression and doctrine unlocks. I like what the game did, yea its no DoW1, but its DoW. The multiplayer is fun, and anyone complaining the game lacks maps etc, may I remind you that DoW/2/ have been about the modding, and DLCs that came out. The game is litterally gonna get better with time, so if you at all want to play a new DoW, and was someone like me that skipped DoW2 because it no longer was an ""RTS"" in the traditional term, then I personally think you will enjoy this. Its a different pace/style of RTS but all the core elements are there with an interesting twist.Anyone calling this a Moba has no idea what the term really means.This is an RTS with win conditions/objectives. Get over it.There will be more maps and DLC's down the road as have been done with every other DoW. So if you are on the fence, just get the game!"
76561197967694446,Recommended,285190,31406082,Posted: 27 April,all,SGT. SLICK,i love this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038804097,Not Recommended,285190,31418163,Posted: 28 April,all,wuqin1984,1.game always crashing! (did they do the QA test before releas!!!!???)2.the campion even no autosave........
76561197962061550,Recommended,285190,31407740,Posted: 27 April,all,Gnome44,"A very good game, though definitely different than the first two.  Absolutely pick up if you are in the mood to learn an excellent new strategy game."
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,285190,31407809,Posted: 27 April,all,Moforkus,Gameplay is fun for the bit i got to play.  Absolutely unforgiveable that i cannot save the game while doing a mission...and right at the very end of the mission Gabrielle Angelos dies and i have to restart..not from a checkpoint..but from the very beginning of the level.Nope sorry relic...I am not in the mood to replay 20 minutes of gameplay to get back to the point i was just at. They better patch this or watch their sales dry up.getting a refund...
,Recommended,285190,31408448,Posted: 27 April,all,ttt12367,"Very good follow up for relic, combining the 40k style with the lessons learned form Company of Heros 2. If you go in expecting DOW classic you will be dissapointed, this sequal is about competitive vs. matches and intense micro."
,Recommended,285190,31426018,Posted: 28 April,all,MuD,"Not sure where the MOBA ordeal is coming from...Dawn of War 1 was a straight up base-building RTS and had the feel and brutality of the 40k universe.  Dawn of War 2 (still a great game) had zero base building and was geared towards building heroes and squads, still had that 40k feel and thats more ""MOBA"" than this.  It does kind of give off that Starcraft vibe with the way it plays, but me personally I enjoyed Starcraft 1 and 2 so that's a plus, for me.  All the blood and gore and the brutality is there which is necessary for 40k so I'm at a loss for all the negativity... Anyway, if you enjoyed Dawn of War 1/2, you will enjoy this to be completely honest.  The game could use some performance optimization, but besides that it runs decent for just releasing.  give it a little time and it will be running excellent!Don't do yourself the diservice of passing up on this game because some of these ""PC"" gamers spend more time whining than actually gaming.  Highly recommend this RTS because that's what this game is... a RTS!If you are reading this and aren't sure what an actual MOBA is, see DOTA 2 or League of Legends... Even Paragon is a third person MOBA!  Dawn of War 3 is nothing like any of those!Still can't believe the DoW fans dissing this game... It's a combination of the first and second DoW.  That's what everyone wanted, right?  Apparently, they don't know what they want..."
76561197985832220,Recommended,285190,31418011,Posted: 28 April,all,Zach,"Its a solid foundation that has to be built on to achieve greatness. It needs more factions, maps, and game modes. But the core game itself is good...its not repeating the previous two DoW, and thats clearly causing a lot of chagrine among half of the reviewers.It does need work, but for now it has a lot of depth even with its limited scope. As it expands, it should be even more enjoyable.Should they have released it at this state? Its hard to tell. Theres plenty of polish, but not enough content. Are they going to make it worse by overcharging for DLC? Who knows.So for now, Im positive, I think its a solid game, and its definitely fun to play."
76561198243971358,Recommended,285190,31425919,Posted: 28 April,all,ARS-Bentzion,"For those expecting to see the Renewed Dawn of War I into 3...there is only desapointment..For those who liked Dawn of War II, will likely celebrate this one. For someone new to the franchise, there is a nice game in play, with a charming campaing and rich history. I'm one of those who expected something like a return to the origins on Dawn of War I...All races available, many diversified kinds of Vehicles... But I'm not disappointed with the game. I like RTS and this one is one of the best. It is just not DOW I... seems like that fine project is forgotten forever...."
76561198095837791,Recommended,285190,31425951,Posted: 28 April,all,TheRealEZ,Campaign is a cinematic blast!
76561198007325479,Not Recommended,285190,31425756,Posted: 28 April,all,Nascent,"I wanted to like this game. I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. However, after playing completely through the campaign, giving it a solid chance to wow and impress me... I can't. Dear Emperor, I just CAN'T.PROS:- Interesting composite campaign structure. Each mission has you play as a different race (Orks, Eldar, Space Marines) instead of the old RTS standard of race-specific campaigns.- New units from canon, such as Shadow Specters, find their way into gameplay.- The Orks, as ever, make for solid comic relief. The first time you use a WAAAGH tower is fun as hell, and is decently amusing afterwards as well.- Epic units are epic, simple as that.- Plenty of familiar characters return and some decent new ones debut.CONS:- Gameplay is NOT user friendly. The game cannot make up its mind on whether it wants to be an RTS, a MOBA, or a Diablo clone, and it suffers greatly for it. It has some clever elements towards both (the unit portrait controls down the bottom of the screen are a nice innovative touch) but they just don't gel together. Everything aside from epic units are INCREDIBLY fragile -- your Space Marines wither and drop under a few seconds of light enemy fire as if their armor was just a styrofoam cosplay, and heaven help you if a single anti-armor unit ambushes your very expensive, hard to acquire top-tier tank because it'll be scrap before you even know it's being shot at. The pacing is at times far too fast and twitch-dependent and at other times anxiously slow, such as while you're waiting for Energy to trickle in and praying you don't get attacked.- The game struggles to keep up with the player. If a squad has its indidual soldiers become too far separated, or if it just straight-up glitches, then the unit's hovering status bar just floats in the air somewhere distant from the actual unit. Both friendly and enemy units can come under attack and simply not react, sitting there and numbly soaking up damage. The AI is anything but smart and this is as much handicap to the player as the computer.- The GUI is prone to glitches and issues. For example, after completing the campaign I wanted to try out the army painter a bit... however, while the unit platforms loaded the actual controls for the army painter did not and the campaign banners stayed on screen. It took clearing out to the main menu screen and going back in for the army painter to become functional -- clear sign of a GUI element that wasn't tested sufficiently.- The storyline has the airs of a half-baked fanfiction about it. The main plot twist is all but shoved into the player's face from early on (the Spear = NOT GOOD AT ALL) and while it's nice to see some old characters return to the stage there are some... GLARING problems. I'm not even talking about all the acrobatics in Terminator Armor (although that is fairly absurd), I'm talking about the writers just not understanding the characters. Would the same Gorgutz who snubbed his nose at a TITAN in DOW: Winter Assault REALLY get all worked up over a dubious Eldar artifact? It seems that the plot is basically puppeting the characters instead of letting them act as they naturally would. You can spin this as [SPOILER ALERT] daemonic influence, but that seems a poor excuse to cover over shoddy writing, unfortunately.As I said, I really did want this to be a worthy sucessor to DOW and DOW II... but in its current state, it just simply isn't. The game is a confused jumble of elements that somehow managed to be both dumbed down (when they should be) and needlessly complicated (when there's no reason to be). It's a nice LOOKING game, but that's really about it. Much like [SPOILER ALERT] the Spear of Khaine, DOW 3 is a shiny bauble that promises to be epic and powerful... but shatters on impact. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,285190,31474999,Posted: 30 April,all,Aids McGuff,"I loved the previous Dawn of War games, but this one feels like an average RTS. There's really nothing great, or even good, about this game. The campaign is forgettable and boring, I couldn't even muster up the tenacity to finish it. The missions I did all felt like a chore to finish and were extemely slow with the second one having arbitrary timers that force you to wait for so long just to complete it. There's virtually no RPG elements and no real customization anywhere in the game. You can choose your elites, choose some overall buffs, and the colors. I was so hyped for this game and it was a real disappointment. If I wanted to play a traditional RTS I would just go play Starcraft. This is in no way worth $60, except maybe the graphics are well done.Pros:-Graphics are nice-Voice acting was good and the Orks were really OrkyCons:-Awful, boring, and forgettable campaign-Very little customization-No RPG elements-I don't know what makes this a Dawn of War game other than the visuals"
,Recommended,285190,31472216,Posted: 30 April,all,Josef,"It's not Dawn of War I. It's not Dawn of War II. It's it's own game, and it's pretty good as a standalone. It's a bit light on factions, but so were DoWI and II before the expansions.Judge it on it's own merits, not on what everyone expected it to be, and you have a fun, engaging RTS with some neat hero mechanics. It's not world-shaking, but it's a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,285190,31431894,Posted: 28 April,all,ΣIX,Disappointing....
,Not Recommended,285190,31438641,Posted: 29 April,all,blacktigeractual,"Don'T bother, just get DOW: Dark Crusade. The graphics aren't as good, but the gameplay....far superior."
76561198045194564,Not Recommended,285190,31440167,Posted: 29 April,all,the_wise_cow,ALL we wanted was Down of War 2 with base building! how hard was it to do that! you don ♥♥♥♥ it up! Give me my money back!why is it that modders make better contant than the people that get paid! t(o.O)t
76561198028007287,Recommended,285190,31440219,Posted: 29 April,all,Duke Dapper,"Disclaimer:  This is not DoW1 HD or a DoW2 sequel, if you go into this wanting more of exactly what either of these offered, you may be disappointed.The campaign's pacing is a little weird, feels a bit slow at the start but picks up nicely later on.  Each faction has it's individual strengths that play to their lore.  Eldar get to teleport their structures, have shields, and their gates provide a sick movement speed bonus that plays up their micro intensive guerilla hit and run playstyle.  Orks scavenge scrap, each of their units has a scrap upgrade provided  by your WAAGH! towers and a big enough scrap pile lets your gretchins build units from them for super cheap.  The vehicles are spawned damaged but you can then repair em up to full strength.  Space Marines are ALL about that STEEL RAIN deepstriking disrupting enemy formations and so forth.Heroes are powerful, but against a well built army can crumble easily.All in all, if you're like me, this is more Dawn of War content and I have an itch to fill.  For the Emperor!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31440892,Posted: 29 April,all,Waingro,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I've played almost every Warhammer 40k game that's been released. Some of them are real stinkers. Some of them are gems. This falls somewhere in between. I've been a HUGE fan of the Dawn of War series. This shares some similarities, but it is by far the weakest entry in the series.Is it a bad game? No, not really. It's just not good. Compared to the other Dawn of War games, it just falls short. The graphics aren't significantly better than the previous entries. They're kind of cartoonish and the animations are silly in some cases. Gabriel Angelos's leap looks downright goofy. This game just doesn't have that grimdark feel that so many of us love about Warhammer 40k.I bought and refunded this game within two hours. That's the first time I've ever done that for a Warhammer game. I usually stick it out and find something I like about the game (heck, I have 344 hours in Eternal Crusade), but for $60, I can't find anything that makes me want to stick with this game. Almost everything this game does, a previous Dawn of War game does better and I already own all of those.When this game goes on sale, I'll gladly buy and play it. For $20 or $30. For $60, I expect much, much more from a title."
76561198013971793,Not Recommended,285190,31443493,Posted: 29 April,all,HJC047,"The game as is right now is not worth 59.99. They only put 3 races and have only 6 muli maps to play from also only have 1 game mode that reminds me of LOL. Once they add more races, game modes, and maps it MIGHT be worth to buy till then just wait."
76561198006657607,Not Recommended,285190,31410553,Posted: 28 April,all,Effreem,"I love me some DoW (1,2 and all the expansions) and played them for hundreds (maybe even thosands) of hours each. This game is not what I expected. The whole game is built around the MP (at least it seems to me) and the campaign is just a bunch of scripted missions you move your units through and try not to die in. Very dota ish but you control the creep waves.The game is visually good and gameplay itself is smoothbut there is nothing interesting about this game. I feel I wasted 50 bucks because I'd rather go play DoW1 or DoW2 (or wargame: red dragon). Even COH2 is more interesting than this. :("
76561198021989882,Recommended,285190,31430144,Posted: 28 April,all,Pterodáctilo,"People just complain too much about everything this days. Game's awesome, it's a really refreshing RTS, which is always a good thing for us fans of the genre. Gameplay is simple yet its deep, with a nice learning curve. As a  huge fan of the 40k universe, I don't see much stuff to complain about the visuals of this game, maybe it's not the Zack Snyder Grimdark movie that most people associate with 40k, but still is very relatable (with some exceptions, eg. Lascannon Devastator Squads), come on, a franchise about space Paladins fighting Space Orcs, Space Elves and whatnot doesn't need to be all dark every single time.I'm just writing this review because it saddens me to see a good game receive so much undeserved hate just because of some whiny fanboys complaining about Gabriel Angelos jumping around in Terminator Armor."
76561197995743463,Not Recommended,285190,31447521,Posted: 29 April,all,daemonwolf1,"First, let me be completely honest: I'm biased.  I play games for their singe player content and in general couldn't care less about their multi-player content.  So given that DoW3 heavily leans towards multi-player, it's probably not to surprising that I'm disappointed in this title.The original DoW games were awesome.  The first one had a wonderful campaign and I had lots of fun playing them.  The expansions/add-ons/alike-but-different games that came out afterward had interesting stratigic mechanics that I didn't miss a coherient, story-based campaign all that much.  DoW2 changed it up by making it more squad based and really wasn't a RTS game, but at least it had a good single player campaign to float it along for me.  When I saw DoW3 was going back to it's full RTS roots, I was really looking forward to a revival of the original.  Sadly, that's not what I got.  True, I would certainly call it a RTS game as it does have all the standard elements, but the story just feels lacking. Maybe it's because it rotates between the three races.  Maybe it's because they used the main characters that date all the way back from DoW1 and they just feel tired and worn out instead of the inspiring leaders they're suppsed to be.  I know part of it is the little problems I've had with the mechanics (which I will get to below).   It really feels like they put all their attention on the multi-player stuff and kinda threw on a campaign as an after thought.Another point for me is: WH40K has way more armies aviable than Marines, Orks, and Eldar.  Sure those are the traditional three, but in all honesty I only like the Marines and would have have loved to see Necron, Tyranid, Tao, or several others in there instead of the other two.I won't talk much about the multi-player part.  As mentioned, it's just not something I care about.  For those curious, the heros have a leveling up mechanic that all it appears to do is give you skulls (used to buy other heros or army special abilities), a second special ability (of which you can only have one selected unless you buy one for an army ability), and new paint jobs.  That's it, no increase in stats or whatnot.  There's also about 30 different army abilities you can purcase, but only 4 slots.  Great if you know exactly what sort of army you want to build in game I guess.Now, mechanics.  I think my biggest gripe is resource generation is ***SSSLLLLOOOOOWWWWW**, especally power.  I walked away from a campaign game for a good 5 minutes, letting my two maxed out resource points generate enough power to buy one (1) tank.  And if you over extend and get your forces wiped out?  Might as well go take a nap while you earn enough to build it back up.  It feels like I've spent more time sitting here staring at the screen, waiting on resources than actually *playing* the game.So right now I'm at mission 8 of the campaign and I'm honestly not sure if I'm going to load this back up to finish it.  Rather regretting getting this, especally when I had actually intended to get a different game and didn't realize Steam didn't sell it until after I'd dumped my money into Steam cards.  Maybe someone who enjoys the multi-player stuff will have more fun with this than I did."
76561198040367719,Recommended,285190,31404076,Posted: 27 April,all,Hadrionic,"For all the negative reviews out there, this is not one of them. This will never be DoW 1, with towering monoliths and armies of whirlwinds, nor will it be Homeworld, with poignant story lines and space pew pew. This is what it is, and it's DoW for a new generation of players. Some of the ideas are new, and some of the old gameplay should have come back into this very beautifally rendered game (I mean, come on, the detail on Solaria is amazing...and surely the announcement trailer should win an Oscar or something?).Nevertheless, I can see why some of us are disappointed, and at first I was really gutted to see that you can't even turn the camera in this game! That is still the biggest flaw for me, but then, I earned enough elite points and was able to drop a Paladin in multiplayer. And wholly sheet, the thrill of charging that beast into battle is awesome!I guess, with time, that thrill will go, but I'm certain that I'll be playing this game for many months, earning Skulls in order to max out the skill trees and obtain all of the elites.So, if you want a graphically beautiful game, that sounds great and has some excellent gameplay, AND have never played DoW 1...then I'd recommend this game easily. If you have played DoW 1 to death, like myself, but want to get back into the Warhammer universe, then give it go. Anyone else...wait until it's on sale and then pick it up at that point.Happy hunting!"
76561197968513722,Recommended,285190,31404088,Posted: 27 April,all,Tribunal,"At the time of this revision, I've played over 13 hours now in both single and multiplayer. So far, so good. I like the elites and I think they are a net positive to the gameplay. I didn't like DoW2 specifically because of the lack of base building, so this was a welcome return. Some people have mentioned that because you can't build defensive structures and fortifications, this isn't true base building. I think that's a salient point, but the observation is true. The campaign is straightforward and by all accounts an extended tutorial leading up to multiplayer. This is exactly what I expected and I don't have any issues with this, but I get why other folks do.I've played about 7 hours in multiplayer and I am pleased with how things are laying out. For those criticizing the lack of multiple modes, while I'd love it if they add more, I will say I spent over 60 hours playing League of Legends in pretty much a single mode on a single map. So I don't see this as a show-stopper. Fact is, the gameplay is fun from what I've seen, and I think the same aspects that kept me in Summoner's Rift will work here as well.And with that observation, I need to covert the MOBA accusation. Initially I did find the game to feel very MOBA like, but that ended after the first couple hours. I've had matches that very much feel like like League of Legends. But I've had just as many that have turned into hour-long battles that feel very much like a traditional RTS. Furthermore, I had one round where we had the enemy on the ropes and they bypassed all our defenses using jumping units and nailed our turret and power core in a ""hail mary"" play (they'd taken out the shield generator earlier). Good on 'em! You almost never get to a point where you can't turn things around, or you're just waiting for the end.The game is designed with aggression in mind. Turtling is pretty untenable, and what I find myself doing more than anything else is preoccupying my thoughts with denying resources to the opposing team, and countering their units. Having a base set up such that if you get completely rolled in a battle you can quickly pivot to a different army makeup and roll it out rapidly makes all the difference in the world late-game.The reality is that, at best, RTS has been stagnant now for some time, and by all accounts they're losing players to MOBA (LoL had 67M active players back in 2014). So in that respect they've borrowed some ideas from that genre, and I think the results are good. Obviously that's going to be a personal call. Given the mixed reception, this has been a divisive title. But keep in mind the negative reviews are largely disappointment based on expectations. Perhaps Relic bears blame for that. So there are a lot of fans of DoW1 and DoW2 who were disappointed this game really doesn't follow either paradigm closely. It's not something new, so much as a new direction. The DoW2 fans should keep that in mind, because Relic's decision to depart radically from the first game is what produced the game they like so much. A lot of people (myself included) had no use for DoW2 for the same reason. This one scratches enough of the traditional RTS itch that I missed with DoW2. I hope Relic's gambit works out for them. So far I'm liking the results."
76561198141342502,Not Recommended,285190,31410733,Posted: 28 April,all,[EVO] Aher0,"shame i cant use wasd to move cameraGraphics... its basicly a 2d game, good animations for characters but looks so bad lol. so many units though, more than compensates.battle, works quite well, good skills and upgrade progression. pretty sure anyone paying £40 for this will have history with commander style games and warcraft. so some things are a bit tedious. . . but hard mode lolIts sega which supprised me! reminds me of some of their older less heard of games.id recomend it for sure at £20/£25     but im only on early levels with first impressions"
76561198031631312,Not Recommended,285190,31411201,Posted: 28 April,all,taco920,"Multiplayer sucks compared to other mobas. Not gonna call this abomination an Rts. Also campaing doesnt save the terrible multiplayer this game is sadly putting the focus on. This is honestly one of the worst rts games i have played ever, and on top of that It all looks to cartoony and silly to immerse you in the story or the 40k universe. Also there is no real base building that was a lie. There are to few options to call it base building in any way also no real defensive options. If they wanted to make a starcraft clone so bad why make it into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moba? I would have been fine with a starcraft clone starcraft is not a bad game its a very solid rts actually. This on the other hand is an abomination. Unit roster is also not that great considering the downgrade to 3 races. Basically this game is only good if you where looking for a sub par moba. Not if you are a fan of rts or 40k. I Really wanted to like this game so i gave it a  few hours and the reward is now i wish i could still refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Juat do yourself a favour and but 5 better games for the 60."
76561198004105750,Not Recommended,285190,32135107,Posted: 2 June,all,Azzie,"Hi! I'm an experienced DoW2 player and have spent couple of thousand hours playing it, its addons and mods. I have awaited DoW3 very much and hoped to explore its multiplayer.However my dreams was not to be. There is a bug that prevented me from playing any decent multiplayer match. This game uses P2P connection model, so if 2 players are far away they will have a serious input lag - between 2 to 3 seconds. In a game turn that corresponds to - enemy throw grenade, you click madly for your unit to get away, and after 3 seconds they ""hear"" your command but its too late. And so far every singe game i played was exatly like this.Campaign alone arent worth it, its essentially one big tutorial for multiplayer.This is Region based problem, im from Russia and have this problem, also Australian players have this problem, many more also.On an official forum noone answered for this. There is no plan to change P2P model also. (who would chose it in 2017 i dont know...). So game is pretty much unplayable for me. Hence cant recomend. Buy at your own risk."
76561197970391733,Not Recommended,285190,31908040,Posted: 22 May,all,Load,"My opinion of the removal of cover is a big mistake.Much of the lore and tabletop game revolves around cover and flanking movement.This is leaving us a step backwards to blop fighting, open field range exchanges where everybody not an elite (Hero) die in a whim.Then we have Gabriel and others in heavy armored suits jumping around like SW: Yoda on steroids. not very charming and out of place.Campaign switching between factions in turns might be my biggest turn off.One moba like gamemode, no annihilation.DoW3 lack immersion, infact for me, which own and played every dow title pretty much, this mess doesn't even feel like a successor or even a DoW game."
76561197973475035,Not Recommended,285190,31408218,Posted: 27 April,all,dispatch_async,"I have a 4x SLI GTX 980 Ti system and the graphics are primative.  Not impressed.  Also, no way to change the controls (mouse edge scrolling is the worst). I did the tutorials and already want my money back."
76561198007334833,Not Recommended,285190,32132679,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr Gorgar,"PREAMBLE: I'm a huge fan of Warhammer 40k and the Dawn of War saga. I have played Dawn of War I Soulstorm (both vanilla and modded version - Titanium Wars and Ultimate Apocalypse) over 2.000 hours, alone and with friends. It is definitely my favorite game.Dawn of War III is not a bad game. SIMPLY IT'S NOT DAWN OF WAR. It's not even a RTS, it's a MOBA. Therefore, if you like MOBA buy it. Otherwise stay away and find something else to play.In my opinion RELIC wasted the opportunity to return the saga to its previous splendor, after the disaster of Dawn of War II. There, Last Stand had brought a spark of light in a really terrible title; hope something similar will spawn from this at least..."
76561198377973217,Not Recommended,285190,32086882,Posted: 31 May,all,whiteapple210,♥♥♥♥ing bugs with no auto saving campaign... this is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm doing mission no.15 twice!
76561198411566382,Recommended,285190,35507106,Posted: 5 October,all,leebishop25122285,love it and i cant wait for the dlc to come out please take my money now
,Recommended,285190,35507171,Posted: 5 October,all,Carferry,They removed the skull system
,Recommended,285190,31496113,Posted: 1 May,all,julian0024,The game is fun. People here are ♥♥♥♥♥ing because the skill cap is histerically high.
,Recommended,285190,31502639,Posted: 2 May,all,ツ N O T O R I O U S ☢,"This is my first RTS I've actually gotten into.  The mechanics are fun, the choices in elites is not bad, they're very fun to play.   Heavily focuses micro managing.  Building is easy.  As far as other DoW's go, as I said, I have not played them, or really any other RTS other than dabbled with LoL a little bit, Im not sure how to compare this to other DoW's, so I dont have a say on that part. The interface is a little shallow, cant change hotkeys? Not only that but the graphics options are a little limited. I would hope they'd add more maps, and more game modes in the near future, perhaps. The campaign is alright, lengthy too, which if you ask me is good and bad, Some of the missions are really strung out, and can take a while to complete, and sadly campaign is not very rewarding, other than a nice little achievement here and there on Steam.  But if you're looking for a fun RTS with great animations, dialogue, nice cutscenes during campaign, strategic micro-managing and a fun multiplayer experience (especially for a newbie to the RTS genre), I'd higly reccomend this game! I think it has potential to become far better than it already is after it's launch.  Hope to see more!"
76561198145964991,Not Recommended,285190,31400383,Posted: 27 April,all,Jango Fett,Looked gr8 but the story is bland and theres a lack of maps
76561197971244860,Recommended,285190,31399876,Posted: 27 April,all,Sighpolice,"This is fantastic, ignore the haters and buy it. Yes, its not like DoW 2. Yes, it's not exactly like DoW 1. It's a very good mix. The multi-player is very good, the macro/micro has a great balance and whilst it looks easy it will take a long time to master with all the different elites and doctrines."
76561197970389552,Not Recommended,285190,31406447,Posted: 27 April,all,A Naked Hobo.,"This was one of two franchises left (the other being mass effect, which has also recently dissapointed) that I would bother pre-ordering.This is also the first game Ive requested a refund for.Dawn of war 1 was a straightforward brawl. It was fun, there was lots of the grim darkness and base building. I adored it. Bought all the xpacs.Dawn of war 2 was very different, being focused on a far fewer number of units with a more tactical gameplay. I grew to love it as well. Bought all the xpacs.Dawn of war 3.Well its not a moba like others have talked about, but it might have benifitted from going that route.Normal units are made out of tissue paper and sealing wax. Hero units are the primary focus of everything, to the point theres a specific resource for summoning them and them alone.Maybe this is a game for someone, but not for me.(also, chapter masters shouldnt do backflips.)So can I recommend what I just played?No.No coopNo last standJust no."
,Not Recommended,285190,31405254,Posted: 27 April,all,Rcentrone,What can I say that hasn't been said? I played the first campaign mission and laughed. The Emperor's Angels are whimps. On my way to the objective the marines that accompany Gabriel are mowed down easily. The game kept resupplying me with marines. At this rate the chapter would be depleted in one campaign. Gabriel does most of the work. Why is he three times the size of his fellow marines? He's a Chapter Master not a Primarch! graphics are cartoony and under detailed.  Gameplay is limited and simplistic. A solid step backwards from the other titles. Do yourself a favor and avoid this one. Save yourself alot of money.
76561198007358860,Not Recommended,285190,31405352,Posted: 27 April,all,Thirsty Turtle,"I had high hopes for this one, and it was a total let down. I have played multiple games online and I cannot figure what this game is trying to be. Is it an rts or is it a moba? It seems to try and do them both and messes it up horribly. I had high hopes that this would be kinda like the next warcraft three title, but I was wrong. The game hero characters eat through line units one ability just nukes them, and if you have five or six line units firing at a hero good luck killing it. That does not seem very balance I should not be able to send in my hero and just murder the other guys units when they out number him five to one.  I clear most of the missions and I was able to pretty much solo them on the hardest level setting with just my heroes. In multiplayer the game tries way to hard to be a moba, and some races seem to be far too imbalanced.  There are bugs in this game too. Like on the first Eldar mission there is a sound file that constantly going beep beep beep noise, and it is so annoying I'm not sure if it was part of the music but the developers should have played that level and took that out. Another bug I was having is when you click and drag to select units the drag box would get stuck and not click units. Which is frustrating since I need to move them quickly.  Also if you're trying to be a rts why do you only have five buildings? Where is the tech tree? Also the points for getting new heroes is so dumb when I lose a game online I only get 25 points? I am glad they didn't put heroes behind a pay wall like league, but 25 points for spending 30 - 45 minutes playing a game? However I know they will put the other races they add into the game behind a paywall. I feel like I bought a game that is still in beta, and a lot of the issues should have been hammer out before launch. If I had got into the beta I never would have bought this game.tl:dr The game is trying to be a moba/rts, but fails horribly at it. The game is buggy, imbalanced, and not really fun. I am going to keep playing to see if maybe I can find something I enjoy about it since I've already paid my 60 bucks for it. I would not recommend anyone purchasing this game."
76561197981955747,Not Recommended,285190,31757541,Posted: 14 May,all,Spaz,"If they called it anything other than ""Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War"".I don't understand how they could go from the absolutely brilliant Dark Crusade into this. I just don't get it.And I don't mind the minor things like the removal of the synch-kills or the change in art style.(fanboy note: No, they can not jump in Terminator armor and the Space Marines still wobble around like penguins when they run. Just like in DoW1 and 2.)But the massive changes to gameplay and mechanics, those I do mind.Don't get me wrong, this is not a ""terrible game"" in it's own right. It just isn't a good Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War game.This plays more like StarCraft II with MOBA heroes in it. In both campagin and multiplayer.Ah, the campagin. If I had my choice of one single thing I could just erase from the minds of all game devs, it would be singleplayer campagins that force the player to play multiple races, characters or classes in any game for any reason.Do not force me to play something I don't want to play!Having been a Warhammer 40,000 fan most of my life and a fan of Dawn of War since the first game. I can not recommend this game to another Warhammer 40,000 fan.*Heavy sigh* I'll be back in the Dark Crusade."
76561198007674893,Not Recommended,285190,31405398,Posted: 27 April,all,Sarpedon,i really cant recomend this game and thats a shame since i enjoyed the first two
,Recommended,285190,31553745,Posted: 4 May,all,Mattrfg,"Great game, highly addictive!"
76561198039579007,Not Recommended,285190,31487951,Posted: 1 May,all,GnomishViking,Ended up getting a refund unit the game has been patched alot. I bought the game mainly for comp stomp as thats one of my fav things to do with strategy games.I played probably 5 or 6 comp stomps before I refunded. My issue was that they where way to easy. I even set it to hard and made the comp aggresive and it was a cake walk everytime.  Computer would have only about 3-4 squads by the time I had 10 or more.Dont get me wrong I like the game and I love 40k. But they need to fix thier AI and Im not going to spend 73$ just for story mode since I dont do online.Hopefully in a few months things are fixed.
,Recommended,285190,31406694,Posted: 27 April,all,Chad Thundercock IRL tbh,"Fun game. I haven't finished the Single Player yet, but the story is decent. The Multiplayer is hard, but fun. Would Recommend, although not at full price."
76561198016867425,Recommended,285190,31548323,Posted: 4 May,all,Closetmonkey,"It's a great and fun game to play, comp's matter, micro matters, hero units matter!Let's just shoot stuff and have fun!"
76561198026154210,Recommended,285190,31548555,Posted: 4 May,all,RisingHoplite,"Great Game, very polished. People upsety-spaghetti about it not containing every faction, lore story and unit since 1987. Would recommend buying."
76561198006888073,Recommended,285190,31425838,Posted: 28 April,all,Six Sticks,"Very fun, do miss the cover mechanics, but still good!"
76561198009167539,Not Recommended,285190,31426266,Posted: 28 April,all,The Duke Of Cranberries,"This game is a serious step down in quality from dawn of war II and even dawn of war dark crusade. For once I am actually going to pull the typical whine about graphics. The graphics are laughable. The textures and base terrain are significantly less detailed then they were in dawn of war II which I wouldn't really mind but to my eye they are actually ugly. Everything looks cartooney, the unit animations aren't satisfying or pretty to watch, the actual units are poorly detailed, and the biggest eyesore to me is whenever there are gaurdsman like units around which I normally like, is unberable. The animation for the lasguns firing is worse than in Star Wars Empire at War (2006). The voice acting is also pretty weak and unsatisfying to listen to. At this point I'm wondering what cost $70 and wondering about asking for my money back. The first dawn of war game I can honestly say I actually think is bad. It all comes off amaturish, and looks more like command and conquer than a real, gritty warhammer 40 000. Disapointed but not surprised that this one flopped big time, I haven't even touched multiplayer and playing 30 minutes of the tutorials and the campaigns makes me want to uninstall."
,Recommended,285190,31631892,Posted: 8 May,all,Skellskull,Lacking in some content from the previous games but the gameplay is fun. I wouldn't call it worth it right now but something to keep your eye on.
,Not Recommended,285190,31590728,Posted: 6 May,all,Pathias,"This game was torn between starcraft and DOTA and it just didn't work, there was no variety and it was boring after 2 skirmish games. Imagine everything you like about 40K just ripped from your soul"
,Not Recommended,285190,31738899,Posted: 13 May,all,Freddy Rush,Very dissapointing
76561198009676162,Not Recommended,285190,31808240,Posted: 17 May,all,Wesker,"This game is just... really no words. Just don't waste your money on this. I bought it cus im a 40k fan and I regret it. Multiplayer is BAD. Campaign is BAD. Basebuilding is WORSE. Cover System (bubbles) is TERRIBLE and lazy. Units have no xp/morale/suppresion what so ever. Every unit is expendeble, even heroes don't have any kind of lvling/wargear system. There is so much that is so bad with this game compared to DoW1 and 2. Everything is so cartonish, no sync kills, animations are a disaster (Heavy bolters bunny jump etc) and then of course, on top of all this, ♥♥♥♥ing flying Angelos in Terminator armor. The creators haven been lazy all around this game, put the lore aside and the original DoW, they went full ""ignore the comunity mode"" and created this terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy this game on the sale if ur a fan just to check the campaign out, maybe. But 60 euro, you will regret it."
76561197972096411,Recommended,285190,31475993,Posted: 30 April,all,Orpheus,As a long time RTS and Warhammer fantasy/40k player i can tell you without a doubt this game is worth your money.
76561197972445514,Recommended,285190,31543261,Posted: 4 May,all,Hellbishop,"WARHAMMER 40,000 DAWN OF WAR III a death dirge across a battlefield ocean of endless corpses of war unending. Where legions humongous decimate planets with the power of gods and devils unleashing disasters.Once again the joy of controlling enourmous armies is at our disposal just like in the first Dawn Of War with a very slick and chockful of futuristic information user interface to guide the player in blood spilling combat. Heroes and units across the vast maps are but a screen button click away and can be grouped together for even more tactical control. Dreadnoughts the size of walking mountains along with flesh shredding Terminators are but a few of the units at your disposal in the life extinguishing arsenal of Eldar,Orks and Space Marines RELIC has skillfully graced us with.Glorious base building foreplay has returned in all its joy enhancing arousing build up to complete war gorging ravishment. One of my favorite structures to build is the WAAAAAAGHH!! Tower which plays a deliciously diabolical musical barrage of anger stimulating ecstacy as if visions of big hipped voluptuos bossomed Ork women had flooded their minds with uncontrolable lustful rage.Maps are monolithic chasms of intricate brilliantly thought out design where one must capture point areas and upgrade them with weaponised listening points and resource gathering enhancements. There are also defensive spots which when controlled will envelop units in a sensual blue neon force field protecting from all external enemy fire. Bases and their many different structures can be built anywhere on maps as long as the area is under ones control.Graphics are as masterfully crafted minitures come to life with intense disarming beauty where gears and struts animate in throbbing stomping tank tread crushing friction. Where jump jets eject units into the stratospheres as they then descend like erect spears upon the harsh body filled terrain with the aid of unrestrained gravity. Where buildings speak with the noble,maniacal,unrelenting racial character of those inhabiting these galaxies of death.Loading screenshots kiss the eyes with sacred artistry as if gazing upon classical works with the potent presence of the great Napoleon.Audio and music are as lovers named war and destruction entwined in a humid singing ambience of electrical synergy oozing seductive tones as each point of view is played and slowly revealed like a banshee's howl thrilling the senses with a tingling soul massage.WARHAMMER 40,000 DAWN OF WAR III, BUY IT! PLAY IT and DECIMATE!"
76561197975686294,Not Recommended,285190,31426178,Posted: 28 April,all,munk_madness,"My first steam refund ever, they have screwed with the RTS formula too much the biggest shock to me is no cover system played the first mission only and was a boring follow the path and defeat waves of enemies as they are triggered along your way.What about multiplayer? No I haven't  played that but only 8 maps?? Come on that's not worth the price they are asking for"
,Recommended,285190,31408450,Posted: 27 April,all,Void Drakaza,from what iv played so far iv enjoyed it and thats all the should matternot why it different or not the same as the old DoW game but thats it fun to play
,Not Recommended,285190,31421929,Posted: 28 April,all,Tizlor,"This game is boring, bland, and is essentially just MOBA-lite.Just pick one of the more established and free to play MOBAs out there and save your money.The campaign is just there as a glorified tutorial for playing online.Or at the very least, if you must play it, wait for the inevitable 75% off sale.On a side note, the game has a survey for uninstalling the game, I wonder why?"
,Not Recommended,285190,31469558,Posted: 30 April,all,Cap'n Zoog,"Dawn of War I was a really good epic game, lots of units, and you could have some huge battles. Dawn of War II was completely different, it was squad focused (like Company of Heroes) but none the less had an amazing single player campaign, and is a long time favorite.Unfortunately, I can't recommend Dawn of War III. It is very hero/spell focused for determining battles, the single player campaign is a mess (rotates through all 3 factions). And the multiplayer is a mess. There are no base defensive structures besides the pre-made ones, which are weak.Halo Wars is a much better strategy game, as is Dawn of War I...This game doesn't deserve the ""Dawn of War III"" name, it should be like Warhammer 40k: heros and tactics or someting."
,Not Recommended,285190,31411362,Posted: 28 April,all,[ANML] FluffyFox,What the hell dude..... maybe worth like 10$
76561198005384537,Recommended,285190,31511308,Posted: 2 May,all,Skjar,"TL;DR: I really like Dawn of War 3!The Elites bring a new level of crazy to the battle and learning to counter them (and to use them correctly) is important. However, they do not turn the tide of battle and are just another (albeit strong) weapon in your arsenal.Free base building adds a new level of strategy (compared to the fixed base building of DoW1) to the game, since a strategic forward base can give you a strongpoint to overwhelm the enemy. In turn, they can also be a waste of ressources, if you build to many of them or lose them too often.The art style is not as gritty or realsitc as it was in DoW2. However, the battles feel satisfying and when two large scale armies clash, while Whirlwind artillery raining death from above and/or giant walkers stride into battle, the game becomes an exhilarating specatcle. Moreover, the models look good and the somewhat flashy animations/effects feel fitting.Overall, the multiplayer experience is fantastic and fun. The single player campaign is engaging, though it could be better. The campaign serves mostly as a somewhat lengthy tutorial to the multiplayer. If you like RTS, I can recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31419540,Posted: 28 April,all,vergosen,The single player is a glorified tutorial for multiplayer. If your only interested in the single player then it is a masive let down.
76561198022519752,Not Recommended,285190,31398932,Posted: 27 April,all,sleeve,"Disappointing, Sad!"
76561197970951375,Not Recommended,285190,31428816,Posted: 28 April,all,Cminnow,I have to say. I expected better from Relic. They really dumed this down to another button mashing fest
76561197995542819,Recommended,285190,31502820,Posted: 2 May,all,Khristof,Really enjoying this game! Great fun with friends
76561198030115125,Not Recommended,285190,31404967,Posted: 27 April,all,Doran,"3 factions, around 10/12 non-elite units for each, 8 maps, and 1 game mode at launchyesEDIT: look on the discussion page and you'll see half the discussions for this game blocked due to relic's new 'forum rules', which is basically blocking any bluntly honest criticism about the game, yet another reason this isn't worth the trouble"
76561198046181524,Not Recommended,285190,31404956,Posted: 27 April,all,WyvernZed,"The game seems like it was a fan made mod ... from a decade ago.How exactly does one get to the point where no one working on a triple A title can speak up and say ""Why don't we have numbered unit production so people can hotkey them?"", how toxic does the work environment have to be that one can't speak up and say ""why don't we implement something basic enough that every game in the past 15 years has it"" ?Also, fun fact, try double clicking an upgrade in the tutorial. Fatal Errors!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31909035,Posted: 22 May,all,LaStDaNcE,not as fun as the previous titles.
76561198026456204,Not Recommended,285190,31409297,Posted: 27 April,all,The Kurdish Necromancer,"Has so much more potential. The route they took with making the gamemode and maps mobaesque, without including the mechanics and amount of variability that makes each game of DotA 2, for example, unique. Each multiplayer game is VERY similar, and the maps are lifeless and barren. There is 4 unique buildable infantry for Space Marines, and 4 unique vehicles. Upgrades are so bare bones, it's just 15% upgrades to health, damage, and shields for the most part. This game is so lacking in content. It has potential but, it's not even close to hitting it. This game is super micro heavy, in league with games like StarCraft. It's a big departure from the last two entries. The first 10 minutes are the most enjoyable, because each unit matters. After that, it just becomes smashing blobs of infantry together. And the moba esque turrets make you unable to push early game, and promotes turtling and super weapon spam. You can have a lead all game, and still lose in an instant to someone who uses the overpowered AoE skills in a choke point.There is no camera panning, no key rebinding, and the art style and models themselves do not look good. DoW 2 looks better, in my opinion. It's missing the grim dark feel of the universe. The voice acting is TERRIBLE. Although the game runs pretty well, except for in the menus (GTX 770 with 16gb's of RAM).This game's true potential lies in the inclusion of more races, 3 at launch is laughable and frankly kind of insulting to people who have supported the franchise for a decade. Total War: Warhammer included 5 playable at launch, and one unplayable, with dozens and dozens of units and upgrades for each. One game mode, again, is frankly outrageous. It's not even that well balanced. One can easily imagine a Last Stand Mode, a Kill-Team esque small point game mode, and stuff like Capture the Flag, or Control Points. The amount of units for each race isn't great. Super Weapons can destroy an entire army for 2 elite points, especially the Space Marines one, and it stuns enemies. The lanes of the map aren't large enought to escape it most of the time. And lastly, most of the army ""doctrines"" and elites, are locked behind an in game currency wall, to artificially inflate the amount of content. That should have been available at launch. It creates a super imbalanced multiplayer, with people who don't have as much free time paying the price. I can't recommend this game at full price. It's a deep sale game, probably best purchased with the expansions on sale too. Let's hope Relic learns from this. Also, stay clear of the subreddit, it's super toxic for both sides of the spectrum."
76561198006714056,Not Recommended,285190,31408452,Posted: 27 April,all,The Hooded Man,"I can tell what the developers are trying to do, downgrade the graphic from DoW II so that most PC can run it, but brought back the game style from DoW I with base building and researching, unfortunately it failed at both.  The graphic was sketchy and the gameplay was mediocore at best.  Had high hopes for the game, but ended up with a disappointing product.  I recommend buying it when it's on sale."
76561197993508490,Not Recommended,285190,32854684,Posted: 27 June,all,Massatsu,While I loved both the previous DoW this really is a sack of horse crap comparatively. They turned DOW into a MOBA and its bloody freaking terrible. 2/10 won't play again.
,Recommended,285190,31450558,Posted: 29 April,all,DOOD,"I'm thoroughly disappointed. I bought this game after reading every negative review on steam, and when I open it up to play a multiplayer match I find out it isn't a MOBA. What the hell? Not a single creep, no laning phase, no tower tiers, no ultimate abilities nor 2 teams of 5, no jungling, no earning gold through last hitting. All we MOBA fans get is a power core that saves you the trouble of hunting down every last building in the game in order to achieve victory, so annoying.(I'm starting to actually question whether or not any of you have played any games beside DOW1+2)Also, the art style. What is this baby stuff? As a devote 40k lore enthusiast, who has personally masturbated to over 40k pages of grimdark fiction and painted game pieces professionally I can tell you this is not grim nor dark nor dawn nor war nor any amount of the 43rd millenium. Why are there colors in this game? The Blood Eagles aren't suppose to do flips.AND HOW is this clearly not a Starcraft 2 rip off? You can do all that starcraft stuff like control squads of units that all have seperate micro abilities, and capture points to secure resources instead of building expos and the likes while waiting to call in elite heroes into battle(THE SOLARIS KNIGHT LADY LOOKS LIKE A THOR!!!!)"
76561197981159678,Recommended,285190,31460750,Posted: 30 April,all,Dr Strangelove,"Being a bit of a huge fan of the DoW franchise I approached pre ordering DoW III with some trepidation, after pre loading and playing for the first hour or so that uneasy feeling remained - it was familiar to the old DoW series in many ways but different from my expectations; maybe I, along with everyone else, was expecting CoH2 reskinned to 40k. However what you get is something more along the lines of Epic 40k with DoW3 - it turned out i was getting too attached to my insignificant individual squads of men and not building enough of them! Once I started treating DoW3 more like Supreme Commander unexpected enjoyment occurred, and when you finally figure out the baffling elites menu the game becomes a lot more interesting! Sure there could be more maps, and you know the additional factions will be pouring in on a regular DLC basis, but if you like your 40k then I would still recommend it - ignore the hate train - its just confused people who were expecting CoH2 dressed up as 40k, instead you get something on a larger scale, and once you wrap your tiny mind around the magnitude of the thing it absolutely makes sense."
,Recommended,285190,31492861,Posted: 1 May,all,David,"Long story short Dow3 is good. The campaign is interesting and has you playing all three of the factions to progress the story. There is a lot of hand holding early on which I found to be annoying but it does open up and become a lot more interesting as the campign goes on. With that said I wouldn't say it's the best DoW campaign although I did very much enjoy it.The multiplayer is solid although lacking content which is my only issue with this game. I think the ""Moba"" elements in this game work very well and the elite system is awesome in my opinion. I think there is a great game here, it just needs more content.We need more factions, maps, and game types.The first dawn of war had dozens of maps which I think was pretty great. There were also many other factions which I'm fairly certain we'll get back with expansions which I won't complain about. And I think that this game more than any other DoW needs more gametypes. Gametypes that focus more on base building, gametypes that focus more on battles, and maybe a gametype focusing on just the elite unitsFortunately Relic is one of the few developers that actually know how to make worthwhile expansion dlc."
76561198006722300,Recommended,285190,31591365,Posted: 6 May,all,Schokka,Game is awesome!  Much like the first with parts of the second.  Definately a unique game.  Cannot wait until the expansions come out.  This game will be MASSIVE!
76561197996456485,Not Recommended,285190,35143504,Posted: 22 September,all,Kamu,"As many of the reviews, I was disappointed by the lack of unit customization present in previous versions.I miss the strategy level available in the First game with all the side of this galactic war. Why only the 3 mains, like Eldars, Orks and Space Marines...Where are the Necrons, the Tyranids, Tau, Chaos Marines and Imperial Armies...Game story is short and rewards for leveling up are not engaging.Will finish the game because I like completing what I purchased but will think twice before purchasing any game on WH4K in the future.Sad result for me"
76561197994082251,Not Recommended,285190,32087379,Posted: 31 May,all,Mahtamori,"When it comes to a game, there's more to it than just having a good narrative and a good gameplay with good visuals, you also have to nail the User Experience. Dawn of War 3 does not.You can not change keybindings, meaning you're stuck with Starcraft 2's ""grid"" binding but unlike Starcraft 2 you can't even review the keybindings nor really get a proper overview or presentation of your units. When it comes to visuals, they also selected the more viseral approach to camera management and limited the amount you can zoom out - and you really want to zoom out!The end result is that the game which could have been good to great is bogged down in a mess where the controls are messy, the camera too close and scrolling across the battlefield a down-right mess. I frequently find myself clicking the mini-map for lack of screen space and I'm getting a stressed wrist from having to frantically middle-mouse click to drag the screen all over the place.Don't buy this game. Wait a few patches. It can be redeemed, but it'll take quite a while."
,Not Recommended,285190,35459041,Posted: 3 October,all,sinmaggot,Does not live up to the original.
76561198044902407,Recommended,285190,31660704,Posted: 10 May,all,xXROUGEXx,"Ok there is ALOT of hate around this game, so I'm going to give a fair look over (I've never played DOW1, and I kinda enjoyed DOW2).  I've also played the table top game for years.Pros*Amazing Graphics*Despite what people are saying, the campaign was rather enjoyable. I'm honestly hooked into it, and I have to force myself to get offline. The Characters are memorable, there is depth of strategy here.*Each faction has it's own ""Feeling/uniqueness"". Unlike DOW2 where everything just kinda ""Blended together"" you are going to feel real differences between the factions, and how they play.*If you can get past the fact it seems like a ""Moba"" but that definition is being loosely applied here, if you consider this game a moba you'd also have to consider COH1,COH2, and DOW2 a ""Moba"". There is elements in this game to keep it ""Escalating"" rather than constant base♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like we see in Starcraft2. The multiplayer is actually rather enjoyable.*The game reminds me ALOT of the table top, I think the devs really captured the nature of the table top into this game.CONS*Lack of customization, DOW2 had FAR superior customization than this game, bascially it's been streamlinned to make everything more simple, which in all honesty is a negative for anything to do with 40k.*This is just to your tastes, but the graphics can seem a bit ""Cartoony"" with gore sometimes. And in massive battles it's sometimes hard to tell wtf is happening.*The game is micro intensive. And I don't say that lightly, every individual unit has it's own abilities, grenades, jumps, etc. And you are going to be strained to keep up with it all.*Only three factions, this has surely left room for DLC/Expansions in the future, but I think only opening with 3 races was a bad bump, considering how massive the 40k universe is.. Tau, Necrons, Tyranids, Imperial Guard, Sisters of Battle, Chaos, Chaos Space Marines, etc. You are just going to have to wait.All and all I give the release version an 8/10. It's fun, it's enjoyable, FOR WHAT IT IS. Rather than WHAT PEOPLE WANT IT TO BE. It's honestly fun, the campaign is fun."
,Recommended,285190,31404992,Posted: 27 April,all,RINKASHIKACHI,"Played Beta for 16 hours. And I will play this game, I will walkthrough campaign on hard difficulty and will play Multiplayer for a very long time. Tastes differ. In my opinion this game is perfect. Nice optimisation, cool graphics (really beautiful, especially plasmaguns), enough units, large scale of battles. I like  hard games. And this game asks for very good micro. I really enjoy with multiplayer, this is main part of this game. But I will complete missions, because achievements and because missions give a lot of XP to your elite units. Example: completing 1st mission on hard difficulty promoted Angelos to 6th level.Of course there are some minuses in this game. But they're not so horrific as its fashionably to say. But I'm sure that developers will easily fix it soon. I'm talking about absence of Annihilation mode (I prefer it in all RTS. Dont like ""Capture the points"" and other stuff). And of course lack of factions. But developers will make DLC's with factions, and I dont have anything agains DLC politics. Add my favourite Astra Militarum, CSM, Tyranids, Necrons, Tau, Dark Eldars. It's minimum for the last game of series. Also I dont like style of main menu and small fonts. But it's nothing. The game is awesome, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,285190,31492487,Posted: 1 May,all,Kungpowski,Advertised as an RTS plays like a MOBA
,Recommended,285190,31448755,Posted: 29 April,all,Awesome_Welles,its fun
76561197989620794,Recommended,285190,31398556,Posted: 27 April,all,SteinHolic,"Ppl give negative rating to RTS game after playing 2 hours at most.That's actually explains everything about them.This is really good and solid game, do not fear. Buy it and have fun."
76561198021840656,Recommended,285190,31549567,Posted: 4 May,all,bigevilmozza,Great game cant wait for Necrons and chaos
76561197992142951,Recommended,285190,31541711,Posted: 4 May,all,Nyx,Its quite a good rts.  Campaign was actually better than I expected but I came for the multiplayer.  Been playing a lot of 1v1 and the balance is pretty good for a just released game.
76561198026813406,Recommended,285190,31451817,Posted: 29 April,all,xPHOENIXWINGx,"Despite all the negative player reviews I decided to give DOW 3 a try. I was really looking forward to this game and I really was hoping not to be disappointed.  I’m so glad that I opted to just dive right in. The game is good AAA RTS, that not to say it has no flaws but overall I’m having fun. I would recommend that if you’re on the fence go with your gut feeling. Research what the game has / doesn’t have to offer and make your choice based on what you consider fun.  =)"
,Recommended,285190,31517499,Posted: 2 May,all,pomdomz,"From all the negative hype surrounding the game upto release I admit I was very sceptical of this game being ""enjoyable"" but I hesitantly purchased and played it and within 3 games started to like it.About my background, have put in 1000+ hours into dow 1 and similar hours in dow2 in pretty much multiplayer only. Also around 3000+ hours into coh2 multiplayer. As you can see I play for pvp.What I've found is a very fast paced game that aligns the game closer to SC2, which is most likely the developers attempt to turn this game into an esport (money maker), The elite units are nice but do not win you the game. Making small mistakes like extending too far and being too aggressive can lose you squads but fear not because rebuilding them is a minor setback. Army and abilty knowledge is pretty much how you win.TL:DR I like the game, I play multiplayer and enjoy win or lose. It is a lot of fun and don't trust the haters, make up your own mind and if you don't like it you can get it refunded. Happy to assist if you need tips, add me."
76561198095178579,Recommended,285190,31660416,Posted: 9 May,all,Saucy Rigg,"I feel the critizism around this game is hugely unjust, the multiplayer in my opinion is the best yet for a DOW game.On the downside I am disapointed we did not recieve a campaign along the lines of those seen in Soulstorm or Dark Crusade.It is mental that some people are critizing the game over its lack of races. ALL DOW games start with only a few races and through DLC/Expansions add more.Overall I am very happy with the product even if it is not perfect, mostly I just wanted a different campaign style."
,Recommended,285190,31412972,Posted: 28 April,all,SmegInThePants,"If you exclusively like warcraft clones (traditional RTS's), ya won't like this, as that's not what this is.If ya love warhammer 40k but exclusively love a race(s) other than eldar, ork, or space marines, ya won't like this . . . (yet - i'm sure DLC will add the other races at some point.  This is sega/relic after all.  But for now, just the 3).As such, if ya don't like DLC, i'm prophesizing that in the near future - you won't like this.But despite there being only 3 'sides' so far, there are many combinations of elites/doctrines to use w/your side, which will make it so that your Orks, for instance, are not the same as another man's Orks (you'll have different bonuses and special units).Campaign - Scripted missions in a linear order.  Finished it.  17 missions.Campaign story, well, that's subjective, so I can't tell you what your opinion will be.For me the campaign started off poor, but I ended up enjoying it.  Its not rts battle after rts battle, but a story w/scripted missions, some of which you control a whole 'side' and in others of which you control just your elite(s).  The campaign jumps around from faction to faction (orc, eldar, space marines), so you get a taste of all 3 if you do it before jumping in to multiplayer.  It'll also get you some elites unlocked, levelled up, and enough 'skulls' to unlock your choice of others.A few very basic tutorials.  Nothing to write home about.  Not entertaining in and of themselves.  Really, they should redo the tutorials, make them funny, or show off the nuances of the game more, or make them much more concise and quick - one of the above.I have no idea how moddable it is, or will be, but it does appear to be set up for steam workshop right out of the gate, and already has an editor that downloads automatically w/it (look in the game's install folder).  I ran it, but didnt' fiddle w/it yet.  So that's really promising.  I can't count how many games promise they'll be moddable then never come out w/an editor or sdk or anything.  If you require a game to be heavily moddable, might want to look in to the specifics.  Dunno if the editor is available as a separate download to check out by itself before buying.  The game could use more maps, so I'm especially glad to see it shipping w/an editor.I've personally had no crashes or bugs of a technical sort.Some people don't like that you have to unlock your elites and doctrines over time.  But there're only so many, and several elites unlock automatically.  Just playing the campaign gives you a bunch.  I'm not too fussed by it, at least how its arranged right now as I write this.  Gives me a sense of progress as I play and doesn't cost any real world $.Can play against AI by yourself, w/AI teammates against AI, or matchmake w/real people as teammates cooperatively against AI opponents, or matchmake w/real people against real people.Multiplayer - not a MOBA, in spite of what many are saying.1v1, 2v2, 3v3.  No FFA that I can see.   Would like to see some chaotic FFA mayhem.If you've played company of heroes 1 or 2 then ya know where the design of this game is going and kind of know what to expect.  Doesn't seem as involved at first glance as CoH, simpler, but it has the same general structure and I expect it'll just go more and more in that direction as time moves on, it is just the initial vanilla release so far after all.Very different vibe than your traditional rts.  I think the MOBA comparison comes in because in addition to your armies you have 'hero' units w/special abilities that even use a QWER shortcut scheme.  But these 'heroes' are in addition to your  army, buildings, and vehicles, its just the focus is different in many ways.  You don't just start in your base and build it up w/an optimal build order until the time comes to try and rock/paper/scissors your opponent with everything you got or to add a 2nd or 3rd expansion.  Instead, the resources you need are the strategic locations on the map, forcing you out there, forcing you to engage early and to care about and interact with the whole map from the beginning, or you will get behind very quickly.Watch a twitch stream or two to see for yourself.  Pay specific attention to multiplayer as its a very different experience than the scripted missions in single player.TLDR:  I like it. Not a MOBA.  Not a traditional RTS either though.  Linear SP campaign.  Lackluster tutorials.  Steam Workshop.  Already an editor.  Have to unlock things in game over time.  No technical bugs yet (for me).   1v1, 2v2, 3v3, no FFA.Edit - updated a little after more hours played."
76561198080475309,Not Recommended,285190,31476151,Posted: 30 April,all,[ODC]iCeDaemon,"Well...The soundtrack was pretty good...Except that , i can't see anything worth 60$This game look like a really bad BETA...bad campaign , bad rooster , bad story...They took what was good in DoW1/DoW2 and gunned it down."
76561198005122465,Recommended,285190,31471335,Posted: 30 April,all,Giro,"Great mix of the large scale from DoW1 and powerful elite units from DoW2. I hope Relic has enough success with this game to ensure support/DLC/expansions, because I will be there day 1!"
76561198025733085,Recommended,285190,31549915,Posted: 4 May,all,Shaydozer,I love this game. I want it to succeed. It is worth your money and time.
76561198006727713,Recommended,285190,31516264,Posted: 2 May,all,FeelsGoodMan,"The game is fun, I rather enjoy it and it is more enjoyable still with friends. Games change over time and people don't seem to realize that. Stop comparing it to its predecessors and enjoy it for what it is. It is excellent for LAN parties and is easy enough to pick up for a first timer but has a good bit of depth for the hardcore players. I wish people would get behind the game instead of putting it down before they have honestly even given it a real chance."
76561198148390642,Recommended,285190,31611620,Posted: 7 May,all,Jugan,"After having played about ten hours with some friends, I must admit: I love this game. It has all a really awesome RTS has to have in these days. The battles are so ♥♥♥♥ing epic.You have all those little guys, try to micromanage, to stall your opponent and get those resourcepoints. After some hardship, concentration and time the game finally evolves in those tremendous battles with all those 'hundreds' of infantry, tanks and vehicles.AND those elites! they are such a nice implement in this game. You can decide to get some cheap, small guys like Gabriel Angelos or that skyscrapers-like-Solaria and just stomp the Xenos (Space Marine Player here XD). These things alone make this game so interesting and challenging, just how an RTS game should be.I can really understand that there DoW 1 or 2 players, that just cannot go along wiht this game. It just has so many other things to do, another way it tackles the genre than his predecessors. But if you look into this with an open mind and no prejudice, oh boy, you will get some really awesome time.The only thing i hope for now, that relic will keep doing there work. Give us content, content, content. We want those races, like the chaos or maybe the tau. Give us maps, modes and maybe even some new missions.So tldr; best RTS since the golde age of AOE 2....peace out!"
76561198006538150,Not Recommended,285190,31503604,Posted: 2 May,all,Wazabi,"First time I refunded a game in Steam.Game is missing features that made Relic RTS unique, that's the reason I buy relic's game. It's nothing more than a glorified SC2 now. If I wanted a classic RTS, I would had bought games from Blizzard."
,Recommended,285190,31650862,Posted: 9 May,all,Omniabsence,"Really fun RTS. Played 1 and 2, and I enjoy this just fine. DoW 2 was different from 1, this is like a combination of both with somewhat simplified base building. It's one of those games that gets better the more you play, as you learn the ins and outs of each faction as you play them throughout the campaign, which is more than serviceable and story-wise gets much more interesting in the closing third of the game.No single aspect of the game will blow you away, but as someone that has played every single one of Relic's other titles, I feel this more than lives up to what I have come to expect from them.I hope that future expansions will bring in additional races, as I'm sure they will, an option for more traditional skirmishes, which they have said they are already working on, and some form of loot system akin to CoH 2 or DoW 2 would be fantastic. There is a LOT they can do with the doctrines system, which could spice up the gameplay in some really interesting ways.With a decent, 15-20 hour campaign and a fun multiplayer, the game stands on its own two feet, but DoW purists will inevitably feel let down that it differs to DoW 1 & 2 (irrespective of how much 2 differed to 1 as well).The true appeal of this game will be down to future patches and expansions, which I hope serve to improve on aspects of the game that others have felt to be lacklustre. As it is, it's a fairly simple RTS at first glance that gets progressively deeper the more you dig into it, with a degree of viscerality that I don't think I have ever seen in an RTS before, including previous DoWs.8/10. Not an alternative to other RTS games like Starcraft II, but a game that can be played and enjoyed by it's own standards, not needing to be compared to others."
76561198056195305,Not Recommended,285190,31447941,Posted: 29 April,all,Jackson,"Right off the bat I'm going to say this doesn't seem like a bad game its just not the game I was looking for. It has no personality in my opinion, it feels bland and certainly not the simultaneously funny and gritty 40K RTS I remember when I think back to DoW1. I feel like someone tried to make some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hybrid style of game and sheath it in in the skin of 40K in order to slap the Dawn of War name on it to give it some undeserved pedigree. I will admit its only early days yet but doesn't seem like my cup of tea. Would recommend not buying until it goes on sale down the line."
76561197971348683,Not Recommended,285190,32047363,Posted: 29 May,all,RockThunder,Iwas really hoping this game was like dow 1 but its not. Its an okay game but given hindsight I wouldnt buy it.
,Recommended,285190,31399974,Posted: 27 April,all,Lshorty,"People are so harsh on RTS games, they compare them way to much to other more ""fun"" games. The expectations are way to high. This game is very fun, Not sure if its worth $60 as the multiplayer has a low variety. But the game is still fun, stop listening to people who say its trash and compare it to another game, thats not fair to the develpoers. I wish this game stayed with its style of Dow 2, the rpg elements in Dow2 were amazing, but this game's story is still fun and intriguing, I say give it a chance."
,Not Recommended,285190,34375983,Posted: 20 August,all,SirDabsAlot,This is a tough one im still not sure if i should up or down this one. i am very disapointed they moved away from the squad based rts and back to base building that one one of the things i loved the most about the second one. also the removel of the cover system for walls and half walls and replaced with this wierd bubble sheild system is kinda wierd to. as a sequil i dont like it and glad i got a 50% off cupon but as a stand alone rts its ok
76561198135472952,Not Recommended,285190,31751902,Posted: 14 May,all,Avenging Archangel,"I have played every single Dawn of War since the first and in that regard alone, this game is not worthy of the series.Honestly, I bought this in the hope this game might revamp the Dawn of War Series. Instead of bringing back the classics with new flair, they sliced the face off our old DoW and taped it to the face of a new one and then tried to make us believe it was the old one all along. Not only do they not try any new factions, they bring back faces from the past with entirely new voice actors, not even good ones at that. Sure its fun to have a commander in Terminator armor flipping through the air to smash things with Godsplitter but the flair is literally the only fun part of this game. The Imperial Knights and Wraithknights are incredibly cool but they even took kill animations out of this game so even those are rather subdued.To make matters worse, the game play is a bizzare hybrid of the original DoW with DoW2. It makes the game wildly unbalanced and resource gathering is not particularly well executed, with requisition being very easy to get but power being incredibly scarce. The games melee units are incredibly squishy unless you purchase every single upgrade, the ranged units aren't terribly reliable either. Overall, the gameplay is a travesty because its another strategy game where only the elite/boss units are any good and the rest are ridiculously expensive cannon fodder.Don't waste your money on this. Its not worthy to bear the name Dawn of War."
,Not Recommended,285190,31892184,Posted: 21 May,all,Siidewinder,"Now I see what everyone is complaining about with the MOBA style play.This game is still salvageable...but if they leave it as is, I will not be playing anytime soon..."
76561198006490377,Not Recommended,285190,31532668,Posted: 3 May,all,El Nacho,"What..the...firetruck!!DoW1 goodDoW2 not as good but playableDoW3 ""we promise to make it more DoW1 like and add in some goodins from DoW2""Result ""we made that last bit up and have pretty much dumbed it down for a new generation of gamers...tough t.itties fan base""Was so excited (having been involved with WH40k for 24 odd years)...now dissapointed.  This would have gone gangbusters if they had of just ""freshened"" up DoW1 as led to believe...but nooooooooo.  Skirmish (my personal favorite) is simplified with no really good elements and was truly left shaking my head.*drops microphone*   *commences sulking*"
,Not Recommended,285190,32598538,Posted: 20 June,all,Crazykane2004,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOYED DOW 1 & 2. THEY COULDNT OF RUINED IT ANY MORE.ONE OF THE WORST RTS EXPERIENCES OUT THERE. MAIN GAME IS MORE EARLY ACCESS MOBA THAN IT IS AN RTS. AFTER 2 MONTHS THEY FINALLY ADDED A NORMAL TEAM DEATH MATCH GAME MODE. 2 MONTHS! AND 1 TURRET PER RACE WITH NO UPGRADES THAT ARE LITERALLY POINTLESS. THE DOCTRINE SYSTEM IS A MASSIVE F.U, PREVENTING YOU FROM ACCESSING UPGRADES WITHOUT EARNING IN GAME CURRANCY AND UNLOCKING THEM.THE WHOLE CAMPAIGN IS, AS MENTIONED BY OTHERS A DRAWN OUT PAINFUL TUTORIAL.THE DEVS REALLY ARENT DOING ENOUGH. HALF BAKED GAME FOR £40.I HAVE NEVER HATED A VIDEO GAME LIKE THIS IN MY LIFE."
,Not Recommended,285190,31499526,Posted: 1 May,all,Favonius,"Looks amazing in the screenshots, when running it looks muddy, definitely doesn't look like a game released in 2017.  That on top of lackluster gameplay, and most of the focus on the multiplayer instead of the singleplayer makes this one a huge ""meh"".  Might be worth a shot for $10 but not worth the full price for what you seem to get."
76561198012536131,Not Recommended,285190,31498792,Posted: 1 May,all,Chief Tigurius,I wanted this to be Dawn Of War 1 not this crap they have turned this into. Loved Dawn of war: Dark Crusade wish they kept it.
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,285190,31402307,Posted: 27 April,all,Penny Lee,"Utter rubbish, shouyld not even have ""Games workshop"" or ""Harmmer 40k"" even near it.  Its not a patch on original Dawn of War and could not move any closer to being utter crap if it tried.  I have said this so many times with so many games, its a shame it has now come to its end,  Its shallow, nothing to really do or build up and you are forced to play with units you hate because they do not have the skill to make a decent solo mission or multi race  campain.  Yes it looks good but so what, it has ok multplayer, so what.  Oh I see they cannot program any sort of AI so its up to players to fill the missing peices, seems to be a trend these days.    Any dam fool can draw a pretty picture with flashing lights but it takes skill no one seems to have to create a living, breathing game worth playing."
76561197970290413,Not Recommended,285190,31405504,Posted: 27 April,all,Vladamier,"Bought it... played for an hour... asked for a refund.1. You cannot re-map ANY of the hotkeys.... at all. I'm a lefty so typically use the numpad and surrounding keys for basic input so any hope of efficient key use is out the window.2. Like everyone else is saying, this is RTS lite, node control, not resource mining. The original DOW was a lot like that, so not too bad there but worth knowing.3. The awesome cover mechanics of previous Relic titles... yeah they're gone. Instead you get to hunker down in a control point bubble which just takes something away from it for me.4. The focus is fast competitive multiplayer with MOBA style elite units.... too much twitch cooldown management and not enough actual strategy.5. If you liked DOW2, which I kind of did believe it or not, you'll miss units that feel like they matter and the ability to customize loadouts. Again, it is all about canned elite units. The supporting units are basically meat for the grinder.6. Multiplayer is pretty much the focus here.... and since I'm not huge into online play, the focus just isn't where I'd like to have it.I mean it looks like it COULD have been good.... but it feels like Relic was trying to tap into a new audience with this, and in doing so they forgot about their actual fans. That is a shame too, I was REALLY looking forward to this and instead I'm writing a much different review than anticipated."
76561198006532048,Not Recommended,285190,31429444,Posted: 28 April,all,Pykereaver,"Meh. I'm sorry, but meh. Haven't played for long, and don't really need to. Squads are just grind fodder. No reason to care. Storyline... skipping from one faction to the next takes away any feeling of playing for your side. Cutscene comic art style = cheap shots of things hitting things that could apply to any battle anywhere. Combat 'works', and its pretty enough, but DoW, you've lost your soul. Will not be preordering again. And for my first ever review...meh.PS. Been playing warhammer titles since Chaos gate, plus the occasional TT. So yes, aware of the material."
76561198006144259,Not Recommended,285190,35482684,Posted: 4 October,all,Azmodai2,"It is with great regret that I must thumbs down this game. I wanted to like it, I truly did, but alas, I cannot. As both a DoW fan and 40k fan this was disappointing to say the least. Read the other reviews for an excellent summary of issues."
,Not Recommended,285190,31484081,Posted: 1 May,all,Nova,its goodi like itit ♥♥♥♥ing crashes every game whenever i get close to wining
,Recommended,285190,31515744,Posted: 2 May,all,Gerardo2068,Don't let the people crying about not being like the first game bring you down. This game is fun speciually for new commers. Glad they updated mechanics to make it more fun in today's mechanics.
76561198007090077,Recommended,285190,31426499,Posted: 28 April,all,Sephx,"Fun Game in both single and multiplayer so far.Does feel like a combined game of 1 and 2 with something new, very glad they have even made a third, thought the second was the end.More maps for multiplayer is needed along with a different settings to destorying generators etc, voice acting need to have a bit more epicness to it to.Looking forward to seeing how they expand the game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31472489,Posted: 30 April,all,DireDog,"feels like it lacks depth, i dont know, i really wanted to like this game maybe i  overhyped myself for it i was a big fan of both DoW1 and DoW2"
76561198008361168,Recommended,285190,31556052,Posted: 5 May,all,Bollos,"Good strategy game. makes alot of fun. but it's not a dawn of war game, it something new. But anyway its very entertaining."
76561198050935367,Recommended,285190,31398139,Posted: 27 April,all,Troy,"FIRST IMPRESSIONS REVIEW - SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS MORE TIME IS PUT IN!Firstly, as is stated throughout the reviews here, this game is vastly more MOBA-like in its approach than any other title in the series... calling it an RTS isn't right but it's not quite a full-blown MOBA either. Somewhat of a happy medium?While I was expecting a much more RTS-approach, I am welcoming these new changes at this particular moment. With (only) 2 matches under my belt, it's easy to see why people are disappointed. It's not anything like the first 2 Dawn of War games.Now, that being said, I've had a wonderful time my first two matches. I do not play nor enjoy straight-up MOBA's and there is enough RTS here to suppliment that MOBA-feel. For what the game does, it does it very well, in my opinion. It has changed the mechanics up significantly to a more 'modern' approach, including hero experience and a currency system in place for more elite unites.I took off the nostalgia glasses and approached this with an open mind; I have to say thus far in I've been really enjoying it. THIS IS NOT LIKE THE OTHER DAWN OF WARS. I cannot be clear enough about that. If you can get around that fact though, I think there is a lot to be enjoyed here and I'm looking forward to exploring more."
76561198005392111,Recommended,285190,31661297,Posted: 10 May,all,Kloefklaffer,"It is not an HD version of Dow1 nor of Dow 2, get over it. A lot of people give negative reviews without even properly playing the game.Great graphics, a bit more colorful and clean but a simple reshade can make it 'grimdark' if u want to.Fun campaign wih cool missions, parts of the story require you to play dow 1 and retribution to get the full experience (IMO). The story itself is a bit bland an cliché, the 3 last missions however are awesome.Multiplayer is faster than we are used to, despite the lack of cover strategic placement and unit composition is very important. Blobbing does not work unless your opponent has no idea what he is doing. Doctrines drastically change the way units work wich adds to replayability. Elites are awesome aswell, some like solaria can take out entire armies, yet i don't think any elite is OP. 3 squads of assault marines destroy solaria with ease if she is not supported.In short i think its dow 1 with a faster pace and a bit more arcady feel, content is slightly lacking in the terms of line units but relic always gave a free new unit for each race with each expansion. And there is a ton of room for expansions."
,Recommended,285190,31470250,Posted: 30 April,all,☩ Borr ☩,"""At Least I Got Me Pointy Stick!﻿"" - Gorgutz 'Ead 'Unter ™"
76561198030300181,Recommended,285190,31503656,Posted: 2 May,all,Suebbo,"Ok let me be clear this game is good, but it's not the best in the series.PRO-Various tactics with all the 3 different factions enabled by different elites who can modify you approach to enemy and map control-the power core game mode. let me explain this this modes prevents early base rush and enable some faction like eldar to truly go for harass and map control since the base is defended by the core turrets. This game mode offer the advantage to deny trolly opponents with 1 building left stretch the game longer.-The 3 factions are all good in they own merits and play a lot different one from another so when you want to radically change your tactics you need only to change the race you play.CONS- The game has a steep learning curve and can discourage newbie players to rts genre. The game has lots of micro behind it.- Some elites units are a bit too powerful for their own good leading to elitecentric playstyle for some, especially newbie players-Only 3 races at launch. To be clear the 3 races are really beautiful an with elites you can paly the same factions in totally different set ups and army composition but 4 is > then 3 so this a con for me.Subjective opinion:Artwork : i likemthe new artwork but i understand why for some people is too cartoonish  and yes is totally different from the artqwork of previous gameCampaign : I actually liked it but it's not on par with dow 2 campaign customization and personalization of units, although        lots of mission are loads of fun.Overall to me it's a good game with lots of fun and can become a really succesful game if they release new races and more maps"
76561198010830903,Not Recommended,285190,31947380,Posted: 25 May,all,vanceusmc,"Graphics don't even compare to Dawn of War II. I love the Dawn of War franchise, waited it seemed to be forever for this game to come out. It was a disappoinment."
76561198046689701,Not Recommended,285190,31579646,Posted: 6 May,all,cyborg_vole,"I cannot recommend this game, the campaign is very boring and there are some missions involved that just seem unnessesary and dull. The rescources in the game are also a big pain for me because you have to wait about 5 years to get a unit because they cost so much. I have to say I am really dissapointed with this, there is so much that they could do but they havn't suceeded in it."
76561198013336251,Not Recommended,285190,31759658,Posted: 14 May,all,YuukiDeviluke,"As a Dawn of War fan, I don't suggest making the purchase. Because its not a DOW game, not a successor of the first or the second. It doesn't have the management or depth of DOW 1's pure RTS gameplay nor the squadbase coversystem fighting of the second. What it does have is  lackluster unti/race/base building selections and a elite unit and doctrine system that doesn't even feel finished. I will admit the races feel more unique than they had previously with the new racial mechanics added, but these don't distract from the abysmal map and game mode selection. I kid you not, one muiltiplayer mode centralized around towers/a core and no more than 8 maps for 1v1, 2v2 and 3v3 combined. The Story mode isn't half bad; a cool concept albeit a little short, with all 3 races clumped into 17 missions total. So all in all, its not just lacking what it means to be a Dawn of war game, but its lacking in content at an unprecidented rate of the series. Simply not worth the 60$ to a diehard 40k DOW fan, nor to a general RTS consumer."
76561198021799696,Not Recommended,285190,31510580,Posted: 2 May,all,zorper2x,I loved getting beat by the AI on skirmish mode in DOW I.  DOW III is a MOBA with weak AI.
76561197993841919,Recommended,285190,31570723,Posted: 5 May,all,Juicy J,"This game is actually very fun to play. If you are considering buying, please don't listen to a lot of the hate reviews, alot of them only have very low amount of hours played and just want to throw shade on the game because of no retreat options, only 3 races and lack of last stand mode. I myself did consider not buying the game after the beta, but I found that the more games I played and got to know the game better I enjoyed it much more. This game is very different to DOW 2 and does take a bit more skill to play, so I think that plays a part in turning some people off, because they are struggling and not taking the time to adjust to a new game play mechanicThere are alot of customisation options for each faction due to the elites and doctrines, so you can pretty much set things up to help bolster your own playstyle a little bitI would say this game is not as good as DOW 1, but it is much better than DOW 2 and does have some DOW 1 elements combined, which makes for very fun multiplayer games. Lots of action, especially in 2v2 and 3v3, heck even 1v1 has plenty of actionGame runs perfectly for me and I have had no issues, graphics are very good (I play in 4k), no input lag and there are some hotfixes coming in a few days and a balance patch on the way later this monthAll races are fun to play and the game will get even better once more races are introduced, maps, game modes and last standIf we all support the game, I'm sure it can only continue to grow better, but hey, don't take my word for it, try it out and see how you like it. Keep an open mind and don't let other peoples comments persuade you from trying something which you might actually enjoy"
76561198039587602,Not Recommended,285190,31836740,Posted: 19 May,all,Mr. Anderson,"I, as someone who played every dawn of war game for countless hours,  have to say that i am dissapointed by this game.1) CampaignWhy dont they make a sole campaign for every race. I mean come on. Why do they have to rotate the race every mission.2) RacesThere are only 3 races. What happened there. Was there no time left to implement more races or do they want extra money for things like the Imperial guard. If so, shame on you.3) MultiplayerWhy, just why. Coversystem from the last game completle gone. Now your units can take cover in smoke like in an Moba. And why do you have to destroy a core ? Thats also very moba.4)ConclusionI really dont understand why they made this game. It has nothing to do with the last games. I, personally, think that this game was a mistake ranging fraom the boring Campaign and the Moba like Multiplayer."
76561197960922396,Not Recommended,285190,31834343,Posted: 18 May,all,Slim,"Campaign is really bad consisting of 5 minute missions that are stretched out with boring hurry up and wait mechanics. Essentially a few instances of thought between lulls of not doing anything. Kinda like work. Story has access to a wealth of info to make it amazing but ends up uninspiring. Kinda like work.15 minutes to find a 1v1 match. 10 minutes to find 2v2. 5 minutes for 3v3. 3v3 consists of premade groups vs randoms. Unfortunately, time and friends who own game is limited so I'm stuck with AI and turtles for teammates.UI isn't terribly clunky, Hero hotkeys is nice addition. No ability to change keybindings and random keybindings differ from others even tho they basically do the same thing. ex the banshee charge is Q and the wraithblade charge is E, where as ork vechiles suicide ability is also Q, the same as stick bombs... So be sure to spam Q, but dont spam Q too much.I can't say much for the graphics because I've only played between 20-30hrs and I havent seen any outside the mini map and the unit icons at the bottom of the screen. Tho CTRL+A leaves a pleasant icon on the ground."
76561198137099955,Not Recommended,285190,32124934,Posted: 2 June,all,tristanwallace767,worse game ever $50.99 for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game the old dark crusade and sandstorm was better
76561198005928558,Not Recommended,285190,31533007,Posted: 3 May,all,slaydo,Sadly I can not recommend this title as it stands now if you want a good single player campain type game look elsewhere. you will spend hours endlessly stareing at the screen waiting for resources that literaly driddle in 1 point at a time or have to  restart as the game seems to go from totaly boreing to way to hard on ez mode in a heartbeat. I am a huge fan of the series have every title and have to say with a heavy heart this game is by far the worst of them all & I am sorry I pre ordered it at full price.
76561198033350121,Not Recommended,285190,34363969,Posted: 19 August,all,Nick,"This game is a Dawn of War game. Yes that's right it is, but it's not Dawn of War I, or II, it's trying to combine both of them, with a MOBA's alert ping system, and the gameplay ripped from star craft II. In other words, you have buildings like dawn of war I (except you get a literal handful of them so enjoy that while you can.) , you get abilties like in dawn of war II (except there are way more per unit and they're all so convoluted they may as well be a mouse trap minigame.) , it's like League of Legends in terms of one of the game modes, power something I honestly didn't bother playing that one because I've watched plenty of gameplay videos of that game mode and have no interest in it, oh also it has the more or less ripped version of the League ping system which I never use. And of course lastly the biggest comparison of this game, it's like Star Craft II because there is no such thing as unit preservation, nor unit veterancy. Another reason it's like Star Craft II is due to the game suffering from all of the above which converts it from a unit Relic RTS into a blob on blob simulator with very little in the way of tactics. Oh I also forgot the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing bush / tall grass mechanic ripped literally from League which hides units in it in various (and personally brain dead in my opinion) locations. I should also mention this game takes NO pride in the animations from your units attacks. Remember when stormboyz in Dawn of War II occasionally had that one oddball who'd do a victory roll MID jump just to show off showing the true uniqueness of the orks?, yeah no they're all as bland as jumping with a jetback then coming in boots first for a hard stomp landing. That goes for assault marines too. The worst animations are devastator marines and the sheer amount of kick they suffer from apparently, and the sheer lack of kick from every other ranged infantry unit because apparently standard bolters for tactical marines are the same as 9mm smgs fired by a space marine now, great job Mechanicus you've solved kickback now if only you could solve the mystery behind how Gabriel Angelos can toss God Splitter his two handed power melee hammer into the air roughly 30 feet then jump to it and slam it down while jumping over a cavern in TERMINATOR armor...Ugh I'm just sick of this game honestly. I'm still gonna play it but the reason I'm playing it is in the hopes it'll grow on me and that all these problems will be addressed (which they won't, I mean why would they revamp the animations and fix their ♥♥♥♥up post release? no one does that especially Sega.)Hey at least the Necrons, Imperial Guard and Chaos forces were teased in this game!, man I can't wait to see the Necron (My ACTUAL FAVORITE FACTION) be in this game.Yeah fat chance this game is uber dead, and I took a look at the forums to this game it's filled with absolute zealots who defend it to the death which is utterly disgusting. This game deserves to die, it's unfinished to say the least, peel the high graphics off and put it on the lowest setting when you review a game, does it still hold up?, no?, then it doesn't deserve to be a game you would recommend. And believe me without the flashy bitz, this game is about as appealing as laser eye surgery performed by vindicare assassin 2 miles away with a sniper rifle while having your prostate examined by a Necron Flayed one. No lube will save you from Dr. Hands.And no amount of zealous reavers are going to save this game from the utter contempt it deserves. You shouldn't play this game, just go watch IndridCast's gameplay casts of it, it's more entertaining by far and you get much more out of it than playing through the absolute cluster ♥♥♥♥ itself."
76561197993440827,Not Recommended,285190,34775518,Posted: 6 September,all,Finlander,"*edit: and as the final insult, my refund request has been rejected, because I have exceeded the 2 hours gametime limit, even when the problem ingame manifests much later, than where you can get in 2hours.*- I was going to write my review after I had finished the game. But I cannot because there is a mission breaking bug  on a mission 5. Essentially there is neverending cutscene in mission 5. The characters are not triggered to doing what they are meant to ( according to the youtube video I checked), instead they just stand still. Interestingly enough I could save the game during the cutscene, and when I load the game I get the mission cutscene without the ""cutscene"" aesthethics and just the setup. The units just stand there, obviously not following the script.- In most other games samesaid situation would not be a problem, since one can choose to SKIP the inmission cutscene. But this game is not blessed with such function. So I cannot bypass the bug that prevents me from proceeding with the game.- There is some weird performance variation aswell. I can run the game solid 60-85 fps at 2k res ( or less) depending on what I want to go with. The maingame runs smoothly. YET the after mission loading screen has crashed my game 4 times already. Evidently the black loading screen transition is far more heavier, than the actual game.- I cannot comment on the late game, because as described, I never get past mission 5, but atleast the early campaign mechanics were displeasing. you can essentially heal your units near to your base, or reinforce squads near the base. which means instead of keeping the fight constantly going, you have to return to your homebase for healing/reinforcement after every minor scuffle. I would presume there are later ingame options that would avoid this problem. This brings us to the intresting situation, where my least favourite from the previous games, the eldars, are the most playable ones. their buildings can be ne shifted to different locations on map, and the provide shield/battlefocus regen. In other words eldars can keep the war going on for longest, where others would have to run back to home base to lick their wounds. Though other factions can choose to build some home base midfield, but it just means the distance to that unnecessary retreat is just shorter.- Then there's that usual tirade everyone is already familiar with, how it is not the dawn of war game everyone hoped it would be. Up 'till writing this I thought the game might be just serviceable at 29,99 euro price I got it. But the bugs tip the scale to unplayable/negative review sector."
76561198123406484,Not Recommended,285190,32855442,Posted: 27 June,all,kibbles king,"Theres two ways to view DOW 3 . EIther an RTS with some story mode or as a multiplayer game, My personal opinion is that if your coming to find an RTS with a good single player game and an interesting story this isnt the place for you.I really wanted to like the campaign as a lover of the franchise but halfway through the game as im in a mission i found my self sitting around for 10 mins waiting for my resources to add up just to add an additional 2 units.It seems the developer forget that to play the game and have fun with the units we may actually need resources.It was at this point i realised this wasnt enjoyable i stayed on to carry on playing , to finish the story , but the more i carried on the more i realised the story mode is basically a fifteen hour tutorial for their online modes.if you enjoy mulitplayer only games you will probably enjoy the game but for me its not enough to make me think i could carry on playing the game, if you want a good story mode or single player experience try DOW 1 or DOW 2 .Also Relic please no fullscreen option !!!!! what were you thinking"
76561197975603364,Not Recommended,285190,32874923,Posted: 27 June,all,Sveny,this is bad and you should feel bad
,Recommended,285190,31519851,Posted: 3 May,all,Askoto808,I have played all the Dawn of War games and clocked a lot of hours into all of them.  I never write reviews because its either fanbois or haters.  As a person who plays games for fun after work and the gym I have to say this is the best game I have played in years.  RTS games have always been a favriot of mine and the 40k IP is A+ scfi maybe the best there is.I have played the campaign which wasn't the best part of the game but the story was cool and keep me interested.  I have seen better stories from the Dawn of War games but I like it.  I tried both comp stomping and pvp and I really enjoy the new set up.  Games of rushing are over which I love you cant just rush someones base down this was so needed in the RTS genre today.What I really love is the elite system.  Being able to play the different types of speical units and build different strats with all of them is the best thing to happen to Dawn of War in a long time.  It is so much fun matching them with different load outs.  I must say I had low hopes after reading other reviews but if you like 40k and Dawn of War you will love the elite system and all the units to build different teams with.Like most games the jerks will hate on it and in a year from now everyone will talk about how great this game is.  Truely I have loved it so far and want to keep unlocking everything.  I cant wait to see the new races to come and elites that go along with them.
,Recommended,285190,31555307,Posted: 5 May,all,Aspen,"I wasn't really a fan of Dawn of War 2, but I thought I would check this game out. I'm really enjoying it and finding it to be a very fun RTS. I can maybe understand why hardcore fans of DoW2 might not like it, but I think people should give it a chance, especially if you are a fan of RTS games or the Warhammer 40k universe."
76561197988456609,Recommended,285190,31555084,Posted: 5 May,all,GreySoul,"The most controversial dawn of war ever...part moba/dota clone part banshee/liger RTS hybrid...don't believe the hype;and I quite literally mean not to believe the hype surrounding this games release.Lets do a little critical thinking, what is your favorite Dawn of War trolls favorite dawn of war? 1 I am guessing, although 2 had its fans as well. So the last dawn of war expansion was Soulstorm... lets take a look what the wikipedia page says about it and I will quote it's reception section verbatim:""Soulstorm received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics. As of November 2012, the game had an average score of 74% based on 35 reviews on the review aggregator GameRankings.[4] On Metacritic, the game had an average score of 73 out of 100, based on 37 reviews — indicating mixed or average reviews.[5] IGN gave the game a score of 7 out of 10, citing solid gameplay but lack of anything innovative.""Ouch!...hardly game of the year material there and yet people swear by it today...Interesting...so everyones favorite dawn of war has a worse critical reception by far it's player score on metacritic is 80 however and Dawn of War 3 has far more people reviewing it and it has a higher critic score and a much lower player score of 4.8 on my last viewing...seems oddly trolltastic for such a game overwelmingly liked by the critics even more so then Soulstorm.So did the new game fall flat and fail miserably...or is the hive mind troll collective working on overdrive. Depends on your expectations and experience.I have a selection of titles to bestow on Dawn of War 3.1. This is the easiest RTS to learn to play for beginners. The tutorial is rather short and bland but the codex is expansive they added videos since beta to it and the doctrine menu so you see how things work and the campaign teaches you how to play all factions in a variety of ways with a variety of heroes and gives you the chance to unlock skulls to progress through the system and get units and doctrines to play in multiplayer matches. This is  a two edged sword in part because there are universal controls that do not allow for keybinds so everyone is playing with the same competative base level of control. This reduced the skill cap and dumbs it down in a very real way but it also prevents starcraft korean keyboard warrior level of dominance at least till people acustom themselves to the controls. Is that a plus or a minus? Depends on what you want. I do find myself wanting to swap some keys and if I was left handed or disabled can see myself being very mad I couldn't be accomodated to play this game however I also see the other side of putting people on an even field. I would hope that a left handed swap and some keybinds for the disabled might be a compromise or maybe the whole thing will just get updated in a mod as there is....2. Thank the Emperor Workshop support...oh yeah that thing that drops a billion chests in Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2  and keeps you in free content till the day Gaben sells his soul to Bill Gates and becomes one with the corporate collective so essentially free content forever and mods that will fix any issue you might have like....3. Nothing like Moba/Dota Gameplay?....Yes you have hero units...yes they are powerful and can kill minor non upgraded un doctrined  line units with ease if you never use their secondary abilities or positioning at all... however once you use your base building and resource gathering skills you will have units that can melt them like butter you will have direct counters to any hero and a hero standing without an army will melt in seconds in late game weather you paid 3 elite points or 10....Can you say the same for dota or lol....can a creep wave kill your hero if you farmed all game and pushed base? Yeah thats what I thought ...oh and there is no creep wave just controllable units you build in a base you design and can put anywhere on the map...thus adding to the variety of strategy.....4. Because this is an RTS, you will build a base follow the racial  patern for build orders and current multiplayer meta for units while following your own personel strats and perfered units while farming resource points and fighting skirmishes. None of that has changed except the value of units is much higher and every resource you get is all the more valuable.Dawn of War 3 strikes me as a continuation of the franchise in as much as this franchise has always innovated with every new release. Relic does not do what everyone else in the RTS genre does they try new things and more often then not they succede.Time will likely forget the troll contingent that hated this game and there will be a new Dawn of War 3 Faction that says this was their favorite game till Dawn of war 4 comes out in a decade and everyone says it sold out it's moba gameplay for an expansion on the call of duty esque progression system or some such other nonsense.This is a game with literally limitless potential that will like all games in the series be largely judged by it's expansions. Relic listens to it's audience which whinned about base building so they brought it back. It will likely listen to the angry mob and make adjustments to the base game to make it's expansions  more to their liking so the rabid hatred from many who played 5-20 hours of a strategy game is beyond my comprehension. Could you expect me to play 5-20 hours of chess and be Bobby Fisher or Kasperov?Who are these people making largely unproven platitudes about this game they have not even played or understood in any meaningful way so as to get an idea how it was envisioned to work and yet I know exactly who they are. Because if you look at the reviews of Soulstorm a game with a 73% that is now seen as the series pinnacle you realize that this fanbase has no clue what they want till it is given to them and don't care to be taken anywhere till they are dragged kicking and screaming and eventually they figure out that is exactly where they belonged in the first place.This game has a midling campaign structure that doesnt pick up till around the 8th mission of 17 it is however a decent story and it sets up a spoiler tastic finale that will get the lore nerds in tizzy....wait till after credits roll Is all I have been told. I am on mission 11 of 17 on a hard playthough at the moment and have unlocked 6 elites for 2 factions and 7 for the third plus at least 3 doctrines for each faction so playing thorugh on hard is the way to go if you want to be geared up for multiplayer. I did not as of yet play said multiplayer in the base game however I played around 10 or so matches in the beta and I had alot of fun when I had no idea what I was doing. Now that I actually know how to place a webway portal properly or build the right units or get through the initial escalation phase I can see myself playing this for years on and growing better with it.I played the original dawn of war till deep in the games campaign  but never completed the campaign as my skills at unit building were not keen and with a lack of guidance or tutorials available at the time I just gave up for easier fair and although I purchased 2 I barely scratched the surface before It fell to my world of warcraft addiction at the time. This one however has the lore elements I can remember from when I was first introduced to the property playing the space hulk board game in high school with friends. It has the detail of the miniature table top and the fierce grim dark bloody gibbing of a brutal war game that took the time to teach me to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥long enough to learn to love it.I am not an RTS fanboy as much as a dabbler that comes in to check things out from time to time but has always been drawn to dawn of war because of it's stringent focus on combat over resource nonsense with worker bee caravan troops and diplomacy with a cheating AI opponent (looking at you every civilization ever)This is a keeper 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,285190,31519882,Posted: 3 May,all,Kaiserzose,"I've been playing RTS games for 20 years, and this game is amazing!  Everything great about DoW2 and it's DLC plus base and army building creating a more custom way to attack each mission.  The visuals are amazing and I love the Elites and all the races play very differently!  If you like RTS games then do yourself a favor and pick this up!"
76561198001570623,Recommended,285190,31492893,Posted: 1 May,all,Lightning7,"This game is differant from the first 2 DOW games, but i am very much enjoying myself along with some buddies of mine.Their are a few things i miss from the previous games and thats the level up system on units, sounds felt a little more impactful, and the voice-overs.The elites could use some balancing , making them a little less impactful, but they do resemble a one man army like in the cinematics. A few more gamemodes won't hurt which may come into play with time, and as more factions come in it will offer plenty of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,285190,33813044,Posted: 26 July,all,Cogito Ergo LOL,"A so-so game.It has a few of the good elements from Dawn of War 1, but fails in comparison to it as an RTS game.It also has a few of the good elements from Dawn of War 2, but also fails in comparison as a squad management game.You can make very simple bases, collect 3 resources, and field fairly simple armies with some simple customisations (but a lot of micro-management to get the full use out of).It's not bad, but unless you love micromanaging battles, it's really not very good either."
76561197988414656,Not Recommended,285190,33884136,Posted: 29 July,all,poppindancers,"You know...I really loved this series due to its lore-rich story missions.Then you turn around and decided to pursuit for that lucrative e-sports money.I would gladly pay additional 15~30 dollars for some more campaign mission(race specific if possible) instead of the ""prepare for MOBA DUDE"" tutorial story mission you provided us.What a shame."
76561198010001175,Not Recommended,285190,31502873,Posted: 2 May,all,Mod-Hon,"I intially fell for the reviews and hype... however after my first skirmish i had my doubts. One might assume that was not enough time to appraise this game, so I tried another... In summary this game is not as advertised, and without a shadow of doubt is not as good as DOWI. It is a monotonous watery blend of poor starcraft style mechanics and unfloavoursome MOBA. This was a poorly missed oppurtunity to create something awesome and restart this franchise. Thankful I invested less than 2 hours and promptly recieved my refund.My suggestion. Fire up Soulstorm - install one of the awesome mods of your choice - enjoy."
76561197972303113,Not Recommended,285190,31538184,Posted: 4 May,all,Dalamar,"Unfortuantely this game does not compare with DoW 1 or DoW 2. It lacks the feel of the traditional RTS in DoW 1 and the elite units, which are easily able to turn the tide of battle, are much more significant and powerful than in DoW 2. The limited factions, maps and multiplayer modes scream out the obvious: all these things will be brought in with paid DLC however without them at start, the game does not feel complete at all.Graphically this does feel and look more like a Blizzard game which is a shame. I like Blizzard but that art style and animation style does not fit in with Warhammer. You can see media reviews score this game highly by actual users score it low as they know the truth.Probably when more modes are added, more races, more maps and some tuning has been completed on the units, (and you have unfortunately spent another X amount of money on DLC) this will feel like an actual game.The single player story line is pretty awful - there are ""cut scenes"" with dialogue that I am fairy certain should have been questioned before putting into release. The Ork's however are an exception, they are pretty fantastic."
76561198048247539,Recommended,285190,31537660,Posted: 4 May,all,SentryNXT,"This is my review of dow III. Some background, been playing dow 1 and some dow 2 also played most mobas at high lvl (top 100-200 EU )So let's beginPositive +++ Art style, you will grow to like it really fast+ Diverse armys and playstyles  (drop pods) ( Waaaagh) ( webways)+ Fun and extremely challenging micro / gameplay ( high skillcap )+ Atmosphere+ Army painter+ Elites+ No retreat button+ Voice actingNegative--- Few maps- Too small maps- Some bugs & crashes- Audio issues on multiplayerAfter over 30 hours in the game and over 30 hours in the closed / open beta i can say that the game is solid. If you are after campaign i would suggest you wait for a sale.Multiplayer where the game is at, gameplay is fun and smooth even on my old computer and the thing i enjoy the most is the high skillcap.I felt immediatly like at home with the game, soundtracks feel like 40k and the atmosphere is good, Graphics were no issue for me.FactionsOrks to me are the most fun to play, pop WAAAGH and wrek stuff up with kommando and nobzEldar are sneaky and fast buggers and i have played them the least so cant comment on them too muchAnd then the Spessmuhreens my favorite, well they have Imperial knights so what else do i need to say.GamemodeI dont mind the powercore gamemode, it's pretty good so far. I like the turret defence on the fact that it stops annoying early game rush and cheesing. Also i dont see why people have such problems with the turret saying it's op and too strong. You literally build 1 artillery unit and barrage it down or just throw 1 infantry squad in and then move in with army after theyd taken agro.ElitesThis is where the game shines, nothing is more fun than summoning an imperial knight to chainsword enemy forces or missile barrage their faces. Setting traps with kommando and watching someone run his entire blob to it and then blow them up with scrap bomb. To me it elites feel like they increase the skillcap highly, you need to be on your toes all the time watching out for elite abilitys that could wipe out your forces.Overall i think the game is fun and challenging with some minor flaws that will surely be fixed. With more factions coming soon and more maps hopefully. If you are thinking of buying the game but are doupting becouse of the negative reviews, you need to know that most of the people gave the game negative score becouse of the graphics or the gamemode. And dont even go to metacritic, that place is full of cancer.In the end i'd say the game is worth the price and i'd give it 8.5 / 10Solid dawn of war game."
76561197972628825,Not Recommended,285190,31572134,Posted: 5 May,all,Tex Conway,RTS-lite mixed with MOBA-lite makes for Dog shi(t) heavy.It's like these developers thought a mostly mature crowd of long-time loyal patrons with developed tastes suddnely got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stupid and shallow over the last 5 years due to the influx of MOBA titles in the esports world and tried to be hip and cash in on it.I'm not even a well-versed Warhammer connosieur and am pretty new to the lore of it but I've been playing Soulstorm since I got it on Direct2Drive back in 2007 (and it looks like I'll still be playing it for the next eternity).I enjoy Dawn of War 1 for it's unique approach to the RTS genre and its dark atmosphere and morbid humor (I've never even played tabletop)I've been playing competitive Broodwar since 2005 and even ran on the PGT for a season before admitting to myself I'd never be GOSU. I was top 100 US in Warcraft 3: Frozen Throne (as undead the objectively weakest race) for two years.Does that make my opinion any more valid? No but I am describing my extensive and intimate knowledge of the RTS genre. This game is not a deep RTS. This game is not deep at all.Essentially what I'm saying is I played DoW 1 for it's originality and was expecting to see that revitalized. What I got however was a watered down RTS mixed with an extremely watered down MOBA and the final product I was able to discover within 45 minutes (I gave it another 30 to see if my initial opinion was incorrect) that this game was severely one-dimensional and completely and utterly easy. Yes. I said it. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing easy and not intricate at all. This game you just spam♥♥♥♥♥♥and fight with your MOBA-lite hero.Broodwar is the most difficult game of all time because not only do you have to have high APM and spam the living hell  out of your actions but there's is a deepness to that game I will never fully appreciate in my life time.This game is so formulaic.I could tell right from the start that mastering this game would bring me no fufilment.This is not the DoW we wanted or needed.What the (f)uck happened over at relicFurthermore I would like to add that I am the type of gamer who does not scour every pre-release resource and involve myself with the  game's development as I like to be utterly and 100% surprised and enthralled upon its release. Therefor I did not know this is what the game was being made into. So I guess in a way you could say I did get my surprise. Not really the surprise I wanted.
76561197976882474,Recommended,285190,31404857,Posted: 27 April,all,Sean,"Not a MOBA. Just has anti-rush themes. Game is breddy gud, but I wouldn't pay $90AUD for it."
,Recommended,285190,31478445,Posted: 30 April,all,Spartan,"The game is very similar to Dawn of War 2. It combines traditional RTS elements (small amounts of base building and unit production) with some MOBA elements (elite heroes with special abilities and a power core to destroy as an objective). Is it the best RTS game every made? No, but it's good fun with some solid strategy depth with the combat between units themselves to keep you entertained for hours and hours."
76561198041884886,Recommended,285190,31489220,Posted: 1 May,all,jackson.s,"More DoW I than II, but with bumped up graphics and some interesting new mechanics unique to each army. Feels a bit incomplete with only the three factions, but overall a pretty enjoyable RTS. Not sure why so much hate!"
76561197980973342,Not Recommended,285190,31811482,Posted: 17 May,all,Wilslackin,"Right now I would not recommend this game, multiplayer needs MASSIVE balance patch"
,Not Recommended,285190,34364683,Posted: 19 August,all,Serenet,"I'm sorry, I loooove orkz, but this game is just sooo boooooooooooooooring to play.Love the music, the music is amazing."
76561197986805342,Recommended,285190,31568640,Posted: 5 May,all,Durska,"In almost every WArhammer 40 K game , Orkz are my favorite. But Dawn of War 3 is truly the most Orkish version. I replayed every Ork mission briefing atleast 5 times. God what a nice dawn of war title."
,Not Recommended,285190,32623805,Posted: 21 June,all,Crispy,Not nearly worth the price tag. DO NOT BUY.
76561198193060838,Not Recommended,285190,33947559,Posted: 1 August,all,DATLOLLIPOP,"What can i say ?This game is frustrating, not very balanced and makes me wanna kill myself everytime i see one of these frustrating cheese tactics.to be fair cheese tactics are important in a game like this but not if these frustrating cheese tactics are the actual meta.This game will die if hey dont fix the frusstration and the overall balance of the game."
,Recommended,285190,31555521,Posted: 5 May,all,Pumpkin King,"After initially not enjoying this game, i have spent hours playing it with much love building for this game, yes it is nothing like DOW1 (i was hoping this was going to be a remake of DOW1) but it is its own thing. give it a go with mates. i really enjoy this game :)"
,Recommended,285190,31463021,Posted: 30 April,all,cooperftw,"(I'll preface this that I'm 32 and have enjoyed Games Workshop lore, games and their universe since before I was a teenager. I'll also say that I've easily racked up over 1,000 hours on and off steam of all Dawn of War games. Probably 2,000 to be honest as I picked up the first DOW on release day. I've also played RTS' since Dune, Warcraft: Orcs & Humans and the original C&C. I feel like I can comment on RTS' and the subject matter with some experience behind it.)Half the herd here doesn't even know what 'grimdark' means. No-one talked about how 'grimdark' the other two games were and frankly they were less 'grimdark' than III. I feel the lore and atmosphere of III is portrayed well. Relic worked very closely with Games Workshop, from what I understand and read.If III were a clone of II, people would find a way to flame it. If it were a clone of I, the same and if it tried to do something different, the same thing. Of those evils, I prefer that it evolved to what it is rather than emulate previous games. If it emulated the previous games what's the point?As for game modes, it's early days people. If you have any experience with the previous games, which were both great, they evolved over time with expansions and DLC much like any game nowadays. I didn't wait for those to receive every last bit of expansion or DLC to enjoy them and it's the same case for me with this game.If you want to play DOW1 or 2, go and play it. If you want a fresh evolution that's great in it's own right, play this.From an RTS perspective, game is fine. We cannot keep clinging to the 1990's RTS genre (well we can, just go back and play those games).♥♥♥♥♥♥has to evolve, things change. Embrace it. Or don't and be stuck in the past.Anyway, thoroughly enjoying this despite the largely unwarranted negative bandwagon. Glad I bought it and looking forward to as many hours or more as the previous games. Just click that Waaagh! Tower, hit 'Q' and let the good times roll.Game is fine. Recommended.EDIT: Forgot to mention that the visuals and animation are great. Voice acting, particularly orks? ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,285190,31669450,Posted: 10 May,all,Pixel Skull,"Yes it looks rather different from the usual and expected Dawn Of War games, yet it doesnt mean it has to be bad. If dawn of war 3 was named ANYTHING else other than ""dawn of war"" it would be a success to the community, as the game does deliever but doesnt really build on the typical dawn of war feeling, its more of a starcraft feeling. The orks and eldar do look really well! the space marines however are rather too smooth where they should be bulky and tankish in motion, however the physics are just well done with the casting shadowes and lighting effects. The singleplayer is however mix of factions rather than you choosing which one to side with, you will be forced to play all which might be annoying to some but after a while you actually wanna know how they will get connected somehow so its has a good solo and lets not forget the very good dialog and audio of the game."
76561198019812801,Not Recommended,285190,32871171,Posted: 27 June,all,Chaika Trabant,Tried to please everyone.Pleased no one.
76561198024721545,Not Recommended,285190,33843120,Posted: 27 July,all,cyberdemon khronos245,"was so hyped to get this ever since i played the first and the second dawn of war and i was excited to see what they had since sega was considering bringing elements from both dawn of war 1 and 2sadly i didn't feel like this was what i expecteddon't get me wrong the art style for every faction and unitswas nice as well as the animation for their respected buildings, the input with the elites was also a nice touch with some of them being related to the story of the previous dawn of wars, the story is somewhat decent with a nice touch that you switch from faction to faction throughout it, the music is also good as well as the sounds for everything.but despite al that those positive things i cannot recommend this game to all, why you ask well first of all you cannot play the game in offline mode even if you were planning just to play the campaign or a skirmish against the AI, second is that the learning curve for newcommers might be a bit to high as the combat needs you to be fast and aggressive (the previous titles maybe had also a big learning curve but there it was not so punishing as with this one), some features like the retreat button have being removed which was a nice feature from the second installment which allowed you to save your troops from a bleak combat, the grinding for your elites and doctrines might be a big turn of for most people because you only begin with three elites per faction and no doctrines (you can maybe grind them with the campaign and/or battles against the AI  but even then it will take forever), the lack of checkpoint in the campaign missions makes for a frustrating experience especialy on higher difficulties, some crashes that might make restart al over (luckly i didn't have these problems to much but who knowns how far it may go).so that was why i cannot recommend this game to all people, maybe i missed a few things but overall i think these would be the most important ones, if you want to see how the game looks maybe watch someone else play it via some streams but maybe would become better over the years (or not) but as of now youre better off playing the first and/or second dawn of war"
,Not Recommended,285190,34360830,Posted: 19 August,all,Agent_Orange,"If you are looking for something similar to DoW2, turn away. This is not that game. There is virtually no cover system, and the tactical vibe of its predecessor is gone. Whatever essence of the tabletop version of this game DoW 1&2 had seems to be gone. In its place is a run of the mill RTS that blends in with every generic rts out there. I had thought this would turn out somewhat similar to Company of heroes, with the base building and squad combat tactics that combined with cover and class specialization. The cover system as we knew it has been replaced with a heavy cover system. These are small outpost setups that must be garrisoned by troops, thus gaining a shield and can only be defeated by melee troops. Units no longer gain a damage boost either for attacking enemies on their flanks. The morale system is also gone with nothing similar to fill in that void. Instead of retreating, your forces will fight until they die. There isn't even an option to command your troops to retreat other than ordering them to return manually. I'd ask for a refund but i managed to run over the 2hr limit trying to find a reason to like this game, so chances are slim I'll get it. At least i got it half off with a steam coupon."
,Not Recommended,285190,34361013,Posted: 19 August,all,Hbadger41,Got This Game 50% Off... And It's Still Not Worth It To Play... The Graphics Look Good But The Gameplay Is Horrific Compared To Other Games That Are In The Stratagy Tags On Steam. 2/10Especially When The Game Crashes...
,Not Recommended,285190,31489520,Posted: 1 May,all,Grumple Stilskin,"A good game. Not worth $60.00, not worth £40.00. Simply not enough content to justify such a large price tag.The campaigns story is very generic, especially for 40k's grimdark universe, and bored me after about mission four. As usual, I wound up only paying attention to the silly antics of the Orks.Only three races. Which normally isn't a problem, but it's three races out of the like, ten to twelve different races in the 40k universe.They chose:Space marines. Genetically altered super-humans that are extra huge and have extra armor. They're in space armor, zealots, shoot explosive guns, and worship machines. The Terrans from Starcraft are based on these guys.Eldar. Space elves. There aren't many of them, but they always have enough for hordes of battles. They have a variety of psychic powers, are arrogant as any other elf, and their units are agile and have energy shields for protection. They put dead space elf souls in giant mech walkers, which is pretty metal.Orks. Cockney orcs from space. Only interested in fighting and looting. Operate on a weird principle of ""Believe in it enough, and it works."" Are completely ignorant of this principle, and don't question why things just work for them. As an example, an ork can pick up a ""Gun"" (A metal box with a hole, a handle, and a trigger) and fill it with anything. Nuts, bolts, anything. If the Ork believes it'll shoot, it will actually shoot. Are typically hilarious.Those are good choices. But they DIDN'T include:Imperial guard. Humans who aren't cool enough to be space marines. Built a massive ton of tanks to make up for it.Tau Empire: A gathering of a bunch of Aliens who use a lot of mechanical units and walkers to do things for ""the Greater Good."" Their interpretation of that is questionable.Necrons: Undead robot men. They get back up. Over, and over, and over. Crazy vehicles that fire doom rays from forever away.Chaos: Evil Space Marines. Hang out with demons. If the Space Marines are against something, these guys are for it. One dude is so hardcore, his blood is drugs. All of them. You cut him, get his blood on you? You're on all the drugs. It's awesome.Sisters of Battle: Where all the female space marines went. Lack genetic modifications, massive beefiness, and extra organs. They exist because one guy was told he can't have a bunch of ""men at arms."" So he got a bunch of women instead.Demons: Literally demons. Theres a lust one, a blood one, a drug one, and a fourth I never remember. The demons fall into these four themes.Tyranids: Starcraft made Zerg with these guys. Only real difference is the Tyranids evolved guns in their bodies and have more variety than the Zerg.Dark Eldar: Evil Space Elves. Hang with Demons. Like the Chaos, if the Eldar are against it, the Dark Eldar do it.Squats: Space Dwarves. Haven't actually been in any games, tabletop or otherwise, in years and years. Still should have been brought back for this game.There are too many units to micromanage, while simultaneously having too few units to have a nice feeling of variety. Almost every unit has an ability or two to use, which gets hectic in battle. This makes every unit valuable, with no chaff or mooks to really just stand and shoot. Units loose members of their squad, meaning more micromanagement to move them away from the fight so you can bring their numbers back up later. If they die, you're out a lot of resources. Having to handle this AND abilities results in a lot of chaos.Multiplayer maps feel samey and lack variety.Multiplayer matches use an odd MOBA style. You build your base around a power core, and if the CORE is destroyed, you lose. There's a turret further up the map to protect you, and it's protected by a shield generator even further up the map. To win, you do NOT need to destroy your enemies base or armies, you need only destroy the core. Kinda fun, but also really annoying, as you need to protect it, and the Orks are the only race who can build turrets outside of special areas. Armies are pricey, and you need to leave some behind to protect your core, giving you a small fighting force. Unless you're an Ork, who ALREADY has a ton of units, being a horde army.As an Ork player, I haven't lost a match (only eight matches) yet against anyone not playing Orks (Ten matches total.) They rule the silly MOBA MP maps.This game is full-price. It already screams for DLC. I bet that will be an expensive letdown as well."
,Not Recommended,285190,31434230,Posted: 29 April,all,RurouniJones,Squad abilities from DOW2 plus unit numbers from DOW 1 make for a micro-flustercuck. It is like having to play a MOBA with 25 units under your commandSeems designed for SC2 300APM players. Single-player campaign is so-so. Not interested in multi-player.
,Recommended,285190,31515798,Posted: 2 May,all,SnugglePuff77,"Here is the deal for anyone thinking about buying the game:1.If you enjoyed the first Dawn of war, you MAY like this one. Go do more research on the game.2. If you enjoyed the second Dawn of war, you will almost certainly dislike this one.3. If this is your first Dawn of war game, you will probably enjoy Dawn of war 3 as a good RTS.My opinion on the matter is this:I love the lore of the 40k universe but mildly enjoyed DOW1 and HATED DOW2. Small squad based combat irritates me and feels boring, this is probably why I enjoy the third game. It is very simple, old DOW fans wanted a DOW 1 or 2 remake and that is not what was made. Feel the way you want about it but I believe this is a good RTS with a 40K flare on it and will only get better when new factions and maps are added."
76561197968541371,Not Recommended,285190,31616225,Posted: 7 May,all,ztygs,"It's not the RTS I was looking for Since Dawn of War 1.Why is returning to that formula so hard for them?The campaign forcefully switches you around all the different races, of which there are ONLY 3 I might add.Don't buy this. Buy the first one."
,Recommended,285190,31677938,Posted: 10 May,all,Vuud,"There are plenty of 40k lawyers out there telling everyone what is and isn't allowed in a 40k RTS, or just tearing the game to shreds over what are essentially nitpicks.I probably won't change any minds out there, but I've played Dawn of War games since Christmas of 2004, and Dawn of War 3 absolutely lives up to the name. The campaign is the weakest aspect, with too many frustrating missions that don't allow you to build a base or units, and really interesting characters that don't have much to do in a mediocre plot.The game has had a flawed release bugs and balance wise, but its nothing that can't be fixed and with continued support will be a truly great RTS.(No, I'm not interested in debating you, go ahead and click that thumbs down.)"
76561197974640865,Not Recommended,285190,31773175,Posted: 15 May,all,Vitamin-J,"Dawn of War 3 takes a great series and destroys it by simplifying gameplay, removing individualized racial characteristics and turning its online gameplay into a Moba. The campaign is a blanned tutorial without the awesome voice actors from the previous titles and multiplayer is a dry linear lane fighting based battle that appeals to new age gamers who fear depthful and intricate gameplay."
76561198007455798,Not Recommended,285190,34571892,Posted: 29 August,all,andisindelgruber,"I have played all warhammer games on steam, 200+hours of DOW Soulstorm alone. This game is horrible. A wierd mix of genres and playstiles carelessly put together. After an hour returned for refund,"
,Not Recommended,285190,31892817,Posted: 21 May,all,Hardcorg,"In the 41st millenium, everything looks like it was made out of card and styrofoam apparently.story is really dumb, everybody is really dumb, evidently, and the solo campaign is a chore to get through.All the missions are contrived for the sake of having a game to play or monsters to bash; especially the last mission. Yeah that was real stupid, Relic.You are made painfully aware that the player has zero choices; and is really more like a hamster running in an elaborate wheel to turn the reel of a movie. A really bad movie.There is in fact no campaign really; no real progression - just a tedious, several hour long introduction/tutorial for the units that you couldnt care less about and just want to speed through as fast as possible so you can play the race you actually want to; except there is no game left after that. Yikes, what a stupid waste of time.Overall a shallow, hollow experience in a 2-millimeter-thick flimsy cardboard universe."
76561198082390166,Not Recommended,285190,33103089,Posted: 1 July,all,Insight,"This game. Dont buy it. Or buy it, and play it for 30 minutes and see for yourself. Glad I bought it, and my drunk self understood that it was♥♥♥♥♥♥so I refunded it. DRUNK"
76561198006784519,Not Recommended,285190,31462505,Posted: 30 April,all,NilsNitro,"This is definitly not a worthy successor to Company of Heroes and Dawn of War series. If you want more of the good old, this is not the place to look."
,Not Recommended,285190,31642405,Posted: 9 May,all,Calderis,"lack of units they made this big fuss about titans but what about all the other units i mean one of the most iconic units terminators where not included or other stuff that would of been nice stern guard, bikes ect ect but they filled the barracks with variations of units like devastator with heavy bolters or lascannons did the same thing with scouts. in the previous DOW you just got the unit and equipped it with what you wanted.lack of maps there is like 6 maps to chose from and there not even that unique.the hero units and doctrines where a nice feature but you cant level up your units in AI skirmish i suffer anxiety  so i hate vs people online especially in RTS games i am not good at them i never will be BUT i still like to play them so i don't see why i am forced to play online to take advantage of a feature that your game seems to be focus around because it sure as hell doesn't have any thing else going for it.i apologise if i was wrong about the AI skirmish exp but i had very little time to test this since i was all ready strongly disappointed and i wanted a refund."
76561198006606887,Not Recommended,285190,31533742,Posted: 3 May,all,robert.rollier,"Poor game,  the resourse balance is terrible to few resourses to cost of units.  Enemy team is MASSIVELY over powering with  your team extremley cut back in strength resourses and speed of production.  Focuses on too much small uint tactics with overpowering armies ( you are given a kill team and take on unlimited ork army while they know exactly where you are).  Graphics are like a blurry version of the second one.  Rarely lets you play the Astarts focuses on the eldar and orks  WAY to much ( I prefer the Astarts).  It is impossible to lvl your heros through  skirmishes.  If you really want the game wait for a sale , otherwise you wont get a good value."
76561197990766081,Recommended,285190,31428470,Posted: 28 April,all,Grendel,"Haters gonna hate.  I don't get the MOBA comparison, but then I've never really played MOBAs except to briefly try DoTA 2.  I've played from DoW on and yes this is different.  The base building is back, cover mechanics have been relegated to sparse areas of hard and soft cover, buildings can no longer be occupied, and the all mighty elites take their place on the battlefield.  The lore is lacking and the equipable items of DoW 2 are gone and replaced with more unit variety like in DoW.  It has much less of an RPG feel to it compared to DoW 2 and is more like SC or CoH in how it plays, using an army and not a squad. The story that has you playing Blood Angels, Orks, and Eldar has been enjoyable so far.  11 hours in and I am only on mission 7...out of 27 I think?  Some of that is tutorial and messing around with skirmish, which allows for SM Chapter / Ork and Eldar Clan selection.  Thankfully, you can skirmish the AI because I am pretty awful at RTS multiplayer.  The game is missing the last stand component that Retribution had that was a favorite of mine...hopefully to come as one of the inevitable DLC's that fans will be milked for.  The ability to rotate the camera seems to be sadly missing as well.  My biggest disappointment probably is that the game is not more gory and the lack of lore, although there is blood and dismemberment. Orks picking up scrap to upgrade units, the Waaaagh mechanic, and Eldar teleporting structures are things I like.  Alas, I am a fan of 40k and in 40k sixty bucks will get you a squad of 5 or 10 miniatures if you're lucky, so in that sense it is not so expensive.  The eye candy of the battles and models is truly glorious (although space marines wearing power armor should not be doing flips like they have Gabriel doing, it looks silly).  The game has some areas for improvement for sure, but what really matters is if you're having fun...and I definitely am with this game."
76561198015209779,Not Recommended,285190,32089461,Posted: 31 May,all,Dre,"Do you like...- to pay a lot of money for very little content?- game breaking bugs which prevent you from finishing the campaign?- for all the good elements of DoW I and DoW II not to be present?Then this is the game for you!Introducing:- Gabriella Angelos, the hammer twirling somersaulting cheerleader of the Space Marines!- The village of the Orks animated by Disney Studios!- Total and utter disappointment on a scale never seen before!Buyers be Dawn of WarNED..."
,Not Recommended,285190,31433670,Posted: 29 April,all,Carnivore Angel,"I wanted Dawn of War, not a ♥♥♥♥ing moba.  After the countless hours I sunk into my old CD copy of Dark Crusade, this is like a knife in the back - I bought this game prepared to love it despite its flaws, despite the mixed reviews, and was greeted by a cheap attempt to cash in on a fad.  It kills me when renowned properties get defaced like this, and when renowned developers stoop so goddamn low."
,Not Recommended,285190,31433808,Posted: 29 April,all,Skeletor,"I'll keep it simple since there's 150+ reviews saying everything in detail.Graphics: They're pretty poor, I mean DOW2 looked better. I get ya need lower graphics to add 'more' but like 6? units per race i guess ain't worth it.Audio tears: Yeah it happens a lot.Missions: Missions have no saves and rely on -you- saving. But there's 17 missions in total and they're all 1hour+ long and barely add anything to the lore.This game is 'ok' not worth 69$..Wait till it comes on sale."
,Recommended,285190,31567803,Posted: 5 May,all,malloc(),"I'll keep this short. I like 40k (the setting) quite a bit and enjoyed both of the previous games quite a bit for a variety of reasons.Dawn of war 3 is not as good as dark crusade or retribution. That said, I'm having a lot of fun. I think it could certainly be better, and I'm cautious about recommending it at full price, but for now I'd say it has been worth it.One thing I'll say is that most tier 1 units feel a bit too fragile. Probably the lack of a morale/retreat option and my own lack of skill"
,Not Recommended,285190,31425285,Posted: 28 April,all,[GGS]PureCruncher,"This is a horrible reboot to the franchise. I played around 40 minutes of the campaign (not including tutorials).The first thing that struck me was the downgrade of the graphics. They are terrible. Low res textures and bland models make the game horrible to look at unless you are zoomed right out (even on my rig which can smothly play this on max settings). The game looks NOTHING like the 'gameplay' trailers.The gameplay is very basic. Cover is not a part of the game, as is flanking and other simple manuvers. All you have to do to win is build more stuff than the enemy. No other strategy is required from what I can tell.Wait until there is a sale and try it then."
,Not Recommended,285190,31773759,Posted: 15 May,all,BeastJCL,I really like the game itself and I will write a longer review in the future of why I do but at the moment I going to just leave a short negative one as the game last all of 5 minutes (after the recent update) until it crashes.It constantly and randomly crashes for no reason; it wasn't even like this in the Beta.Please sort.
76561198047862930,Recommended,285190,31556750,Posted: 5 May,all,adrimm95,"Very decent game, flooded by reviews of people who came to it with the idea that it was more continuous with the other games of its saga (which makes no sense since 1 and 2 are very different games)The game its fun, and its aproach to the rts genre make it more accesible to the general public (they focus on 2v2 and 3v3 more than in 1v1, their tower system make more difficult rush strategies).Their 3 races play very differently and in my opinicon they capture the spirit of their lore very well. specially ork, which dubbing is incredible.Its a shame that people let their expectation ♥♥♥♥ their judgement.Btw trying to give bad reviews to a game that by itself is not near bad (look a proffesional reviews) to punish a company for not delivering what you wanted is pathetic and ♥♥♥♥ this industry."
76561198040604465,Recommended,285190,31401234,Posted: 27 April,all,[COG] LNEWLFE,"People complain about how its not Dawn of War 1, their favorite, and its not Dawn of War 2, which they didnt like but hell they played and liked aspects of it. People complain. Us old timers complain. Its just interesting to see that the ""Things were better in the old days.."" attitude has finally made it into the gaming world.  We are officialy old.The fact is, the game is good. Its worth playing.  Im not claiming its game of the year material. It has very similar style of graphics as DoW 1/2, which after so many years could have been improved on, but hey thats ok. Its still a good game.People gripe about it being a MOBA. Welcome to 2017, this is the style of games you can expect. I grew up playing text based muds, and IMO are still one of the best types of games out there, but I cannot compare them to a modern day RPG and complain, saying new games are not as good because they have graphics, can I? Times change. Genres change.People complain that there are only three races currently to be played, and how its a DLC gimic to soak more money from us. To this, i can say 1) So were the first DoW's, only they were called ""expansions"" at the time, and 2) So does every other damn game, DLC is here to stay.TL:DR: 6.7/10. Good game. If you like the 40k world, get the game. Its fun.For the Blood Angels! For the Emperor!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31445410,Posted: 29 April,all,Asmodai,"Let this game go on sale, save your money. Relic your fans and I wanted a RTS not a stupid MOBA! I was really hyped and looking forward for this game, but more of a total disappointment. I'm going to play it just for the campaign and that's about it. Relic said this was going to be like DoW 1 but it was way worse, don't let the awesome graphics fool you. It is like they butchered the RTS out of DoW completely. They dumbed down the whole process. There is no base building, hardly tier building or just any strategy or skill of a RTS. It has hardly any RTS elements in this game, it's quite depressing. I can't even rotate in the game just zoom in? Can't even upload my own badges like I did in DoW 1. No awesome kill animations like Dreadnought spinning a ork around. I can go on, but this game was a epic fail. I rather play DoW 1 to be honest. Note to Relic fire the idiot who came up with the idea to make DoW a damn MOBA!"
76561198143562851,Recommended,285190,31457120,Posted: 30 April,all,whinkes,"A lot of this game's criticism is overblown.  The graphics do not look too cartoony, the voice acting does not suck, and it is not a moba.  I know there is 3 races as of now but they will add more as well as more maps and game modes.  I love how customizable your army is with the different elites and army doctrines you can mix and match.  I'm having a ton of fun with the orks! WAGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"
,Recommended,285190,31558577,Posted: 5 May,all,[SWatGB] DEATH THEY DESERVIOLI,"I've never written a review for any game on steam up to this point. I would have been content to continue on that way, until I experienced Dawn of War III during its open beta, which caused me to eagerly await its full release. When that full release came, and the slew of bad reviews started to roll in, to my shock, I actually felt the need to write a review for a game for the first time since... Ever.Let me be clear here, I have put countless hours into the first two Dawn of War's and all of their expansions, and yet I recommend Dawn of War III to you, I truly do, but it isn't a game without its faults. Some of the negative reviews that you've undoubtedly already read if you happen to be reading this, make solid points.Some of them do not.I've seen people say that this game is more like DOW 2 than DOW 1. Those people are, in my opinion, horribly incorrect. There are people who say that Dawn of War III is effectively a MOBA now. Those people are also, in my opinion, extremely incorrect.This game plays more akin to a Dawn of War 1 style game with mild moba elements thrown into the mix. I STRESS that these elements are mild. Aspects of the map, called shield generators and turrets, exist solely to separate the enemy from your base, and you from there's. These elements were clearly put into place to ensure base rushing was impossible, and that a game takes place over the course of fifteen to twenty minutes, minimally, as opposed to a shorter length of time. These elements exist to ensure that a game is more about a struggle over map control all throughout its course, that climaxes in a game ending push, once again, rather than early base rushes that can end a game immediately after it's very first battles. Turrets also provide for a built in comeback enabler. They're a point that you can fall back to, and defend from an attack under its protection, hopefully to success, which can enable a team to follow up with a push of their own.Everything that you just read is the end of the games MOBA stylings. Turrets, and shield generators. That is it. Anyone who claims that this game is a MOBA are GROSSLY over exaggerating. I'm not saying that I don't understand how anyone could be disappointed with these mechanics or dislike them, but it needs to be made clear that the game is not a MOBA now. It's an RTS with vague, minimal MOBA elements thrown into the mix.As for it playing more like DOW 1 than 2, well... It does, at least in my opinion. Whether this is a good thing or a bad thing is entirely up to you, but the scale of the game more closely mirrors the first entry in the series. There is more of a focus here on massive battles between dozens of units on either side clashing until someone drops their massive super heavy unit, rather than the more focused combat of Dawn of War 2 with its small numbers of squads and an emphasis on cover and flanking. The re-inclusion of base building further supports this point. Army wide upgrades and squad weapon upgrades that you research mid game don't feel quite as in depth as they were in the first game, but the flow and style of the gameplay still more closely mirrors the first games rather than the second. Once again, whether or not this is a good thing or a bad thing is entirely up to you.These were misconceptions and opinions that I strongly disagreed with and that I needed to write this review so I could address, but that being said, and as I mentioned briefly above, I'm not blind to this games real issues. It certainly has more then a few, and you should absolutely be aware of them.Firstly, the singleplayer experience isn't all that astonishing. The game clearly wants you to play it's multiplayer, as outside of the campaign the only other thing that exists for you to do is play custom games against the AI, and in my experience, the AI is fairly brain dead. If you're looking for the good ol' days of fighting a mildly challenging AI in skirmishes in DOW 1, you will not get that experience here.Secondly, the elite system. For those who don't know, DOW III has a new system where your hero units are picked before every match. You equip up to 3 of them in any combination you want, and then throughout the game you accrue elite points over time, which is the currency you use to actually bring these units into play. For many people this is a negative aspect of the game. I can take it or leave it, I don't feel strongly about it either way, but I can see why this bothers some people. It means things like Space Marine Terminators end up being relegated to the elites section, rather than being a unit you could just produce from a building like in earlier games, thus no longer allowing you to field numerous amounts of them. The issue I primarily take with this system is that some of these elite units do feel like they could use a bit of a balancing, as some of them feel significantly more useful the others.Thirdly, and probably my biggest gripe(s) with the game, is the lack of content in regards to maps and races. Everyone knows the game only has 3 races, and this is a problem for obvious reasons, as all previous Dawn of Wars started out with 4 races before expansions. This disappointed me when they initially announced the game, and it still disappoints me now. But perhaps my biggest complaint comes in regards to the maps. The fact that a game of this caliber, in this series, that was undoubtedly in development for a fair amount of time, released with a grand total of 8 maps split across ALL of its game modes (1v1, 2v2 and 3v3, respectively) is absurd. I play a fair amount of 2v2 and 3v3 with friends, and already I'm sick of playing on the same maps over and over again, only about a week out from release day. I HAVE to assume this issue will be remedied over time, and I hold out hope that it will be.With everything that I've said, in no way would I ever give this game a 10/10 review. It has issues, and they are large enough that I wouldn't even recommend grabbing this game at full price, if you could help it. I certainly wouldn't say that it's my favorite game in the series. But I simply cannot agree with anyone saying the game has become a MOBA now. Implying that the game is no longer an RTS is simply a lie. The game itself is fun to play, and has made for multiple intense experiences throughout my various matches. I, personally, cannot say that the negatives outweigh the positives, but you should absolutely be aware of the games negatives before you get involved in it, as well as the false negatives that so many people are perpetuating."
76561198106568060,Not Recommended,285190,34004338,Posted: 3 August,all,GreenMario,nope......................
,Not Recommended,285190,31441870,Posted: 29 April,all,YeeiZ,"10/10 Gameplay10/10 Graphics10/10 MapsOverall FREAKING amazing game, but paying this much cash for 8 maps and 3 races is not worth it unless you are a hardcore warhammer fan like me.The upucoming races should not be behind a payed wall.The upcoming maps are free, which backs up the game, still not enough up to its standards."
,Not Recommended,285190,31481055,Posted: 1 May,all,ClassicFancy,"I expected better from relic. plenty of reviews here speak the truth, no need for me to add to the fire."
76561198224513968,Not Recommended,285190,31425474,Posted: 28 April,all,Voltan The Sausage,Woah just Woah £40 for this its hadrly worth £10 its such a shallow game compared to what dow and dow 2 had. its laughable at how dumbed down this game is and as feared its trying to be dota. cant zoom out models look really♥♥♥♥♥♥graphically. its added dota elements which are♥♥♥♥♥♥ heros over powered. Such a shame this was the biggest let down ever :*( i wanted it to be good so badly. its one of those games that make me thing the devolopers much actually hate us to feed us this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the price of a aaa game
,Not Recommended,285190,31397247,Posted: 27 April,all,[Cu+N+Tb+Ag],Piece a'♥♥♥♥♥
76561197981310689,Not Recommended,285190,31492131,Posted: 1 May,all,Doc [SIRRIS],Story:         3/10Sound:       8/10Grafik:        7/10Balancing:  5/10Multiplayer 8/1030$ Game sorry
76561197992258955,Recommended,285190,31414349,Posted: 28 April,all,Xeno,buy it and try the muliplayer for 2 hours. Then decide to eithe stay with it or refund it.Its different from other games and i like it. But its not for everyone.
,Recommended,285190,31429154,Posted: 28 April,all,[LHB]SKIZM,"Well I don't get the negative reviews, I really don't. The people saying they refunded it after a couple of hours haven't even scraped the surface on what is a surprisingly tactical game, which manages to be pretty damned faithful to the 40k universe.Quick side note: I've been playing 40k since 1995 and played every DOW and expansion.I want to address a few of the negative reviews i've seen.a) Yes, Gabriel does flips. Yes its a bit silly. Yes they probably shouldnt have built this mechanic in for the sake of ""Being epic"" but it really isnt that big a deal.b) its not as grimdark as it should be. Well the cinematics and settings sure are, and the maps have a variety of finishes. The models are a bit garish, but really arent any worse than the old DOW for ""cartoonishness"" (and look epic), and 40k isnt ALL grimdark ALL the time. Go and look up 40k art, yes some of it is the grimdark we know and love, but a lot of it is bright, colourful and waaaaay over the top.c) its a MOBA. Its not. This is dumb. So they take the concept of progressive objectives and put it into a RTS (despite them existing on the tabletop already) and suddenly its DOTA. This is a narrow sighted view on the game mode. Literally if you took them out and put in critical objectives or played annihilate it would be a full blow traditional RTS. THE ONLY THING it shares in common with a MOBA is progressive objectives. Get over it, not a MOBA.d) hero units are too powerful. I feel like this should read ""I dont know how to deal with hero units because i got beaten by them so i refunded the game"" It seems like refunding and quitting a game is the answer to any challenge for the current generation. They are very powerful yes, but should be used properly, you cant just throw them in there and expect them to win for you, they are countered easily and can be bought down in literally seconds if caught out of position. Plus, as those of you who have supposedly played the tabletop game, 40k is a game centered around powerful heroes. Yes the troops and infantry play a big part and can counter the heroes, or even work without them at times. But the story is driven around heroes and at least 50% of the tabletop game revolves around them, so its kind of exactly perfect for DOW3.e) ""It's poorly optimised"", yeah, you're running it on a virus ridden toaster. Only logical explanation for this game running poorly.f) Its a reskinned starcraft. No. It's not. Not even slightly. You're wrong and probably a little simple.g) It's not like DOW 1 or 2. Nope, you're right, its not. If you want to play them so much.... go play them? I guess? I don't know what to say to this complaint.In short, buy this game, im having a hell of a lot of fun with it, even when it was in Beta, and i dont feel ive even scratched the surface of optimised doctrine / hero builds / build orders and strats that are available in just the 3 current races (looking forward to more Relic, bring on mah nids!)"
,Not Recommended,285190,31432490,Posted: 28 April,all,Kryptography,"A few hours in and so far this game is very, very bad.  Do not purchase."
,Not Recommended,285190,34612828,Posted: 30 August,all,Kai,"Sorry, it ain't good. I miss the squad customization. It feels really generic. And it was really expensive."
76561197984770585,Recommended,285190,31942968,Posted: 24 May,all,Drinking with Skeletons,"SHORT VERSION: A fun multiplayer game that rewards mastery and patience over actions-per-minute or perfect production, but a subpar single player experience.LONG VERSION: This is a really surprising review for me to write. I loved Dawn of War II for its fantastic campaign, which was like a bonkers version of Baldur's Gate mixed with Diablo. What I didn't like was the fiddly multiplayer/skirmish mode, which relied on far too much micro and turned on hard counters.So it's odd that I'm enjoying Dawn of War III so much, because the campaign is the blandest of extended tutorials and its the multiplayer I'm finding myself enamored of. It's a remarkable shift. The MOBA influence is noticeable, as maps are much more lane-driven and hero-focused. One big difference is the victory condition: destroy the core. But to destroy the core, you have to destroy at least one of the turrets guarding it. But to destroy a turret, you have to destroy a shield generator, which heavily buffs any ally in its vicinity. This means that the bulk of the match is fought in the middle over resource points, as there's no hope for a player or team to win without building up a sufficient force to assault the enemy base.Which is where the second major change comes in: escalation. Each match is divided into multiple rounds that pass automatically after a period of time. Each time the phase escalates, everyone in the match earns more resources. This makes a huge difference, as it means every player, by the end of the game, will be able to crank out plenty of high-end units (unless they stupidly didn't fight over resource points, as described above). Tactics and strategy become more important, as there's not much room to out-produce a foe.And this is the final change: Elites and Doctrines. Elites are basically heroes, a la Warcraft III. They are powerful and potentially game-changing. Doctrines are army-wide passive changes that affect specific elements of the game. One doctrine might give Assault Marines a new ability. Another might make defensive towers more powerful. By mixing and matching Elites and Doctrines, you can specialize your army to your liking. I picked every Elite and Doctrine I could to buff dreadnoughts, and now they are near-unstoppable, armed with self-buffing, long-range slam attacks. I have to sacrifice early victories, but once my resource generation picks up enough to where I can afford them, victory is nearly assured.So unlike many RTS titles, it's not about rushing. Nor is it entirely about the economy or tactics. You have to secure resources, and you have to know what you want your army to do and work towards that. It's a game that rewards knowledge and patience more than actions per minute or build order, and if you can't accept that you won't enjoy it. I've won 6/7 matches I've played, from 1v1 to 3v3, just by being patient and waiting for opportunities to present themselves. One of those victories was in spite of a teammate screaming that we had already lost. It's a game of sudden shifts, and it's great fun when you get to use your leverage to crack open a base.Other details: the graphics are fine. Everything is much gloomier than in DoW2, and while animations and lighting are better, textures are noticeably worse. It's kind of exaggerated and cartoony, which doesn't work very well given how sparse the maps are. The audio mix also seems a bit worse, without as much thundering bass or bombastic music as in DoW2.Final verdict: Fun multiplayer that is legitimately doing something a little different from the rest of the strategy scene, but hampered a bit by a downgrade in production values and a mediocre, overly traditional campaign. Hopefully an expansion can shore up the singleplayer's weaknesses, but for now the multiplayer is thrilling enough to carry the game."
,Recommended,285190,31522857,Posted: 3 May,all,[ToC] Juscar,"Dont get the Hate, played all the dawn of war game snice 2003. This game is fun and it is 40k."
76561198005433303,Recommended,285190,31646056,Posted: 9 May,all,Noffsnoffs,"I was skeptical about this game being that I really love CoH and DoW2 for their unique take on RTS game mechanics. I also really am not a huge fan of mobas, having only played a few matches of the original DOTA when it was a WC3 mod.Initially, my fears seemed confirmed as I was playing the campaign. It just seemed like a generic unit grind RTS and it lacked many of the things I’ve come to love about CoH and DoW2. Cover, suppression, unit veterancy, loot (singleplayer dow2)But… After playing a few matches of the multiplayer I was actually won over. Once I began to dig into the nuances of the mechanics, I found a lot more depth than my initial impression blobbing through the campaign. Granted, it is not the exactly same kind of fun as DoW2 or CoH, but it’s still really fun!Units are still very important. People who just think they can use their elites with line units as dps will get slaughtered in multiplayerUnits have complex relationships between each other that are much deeper than my initial impressionEvery race feels very distinct, unlike DoW2 where most of the factions were kind of copy/paste mechanicallyBase building is no longer just a tacked on appendix (CoH2) or absent (DoW2) and building placement mattersDoctrines are much more interesting than CoH2 bulletins, they add whole new gameplay quirks to units rather than 2% grenade damageI wish the campaign was more like in Ardennes Assault for CoH2. The fluff is nice, but level design and variation is kinda lacking. I also wish there were more maps in general for multiplayer. The UI is also rather clunky when trying to micro elites while at the same time trying to manage a large army of line units.All in all, I applaud Relic for being brave and trying something new. Hopefully they’ll add a new, more interesting campaign for the eventual expansion. Also can’t wait for more iconic elites from the series (Kaptain Bluddflagg!) or 40k lore in general."
,Not Recommended,285190,34383021,Posted: 20 August,all,GUARDOTA,You like RTS? - CoH2 or SC2!You like WH40K - Soulstorm!
76561198035614826,Not Recommended,285190,32340979,Posted: 11 June,all,Admiral Von Schneider,multiplayer sucks
76561197977989409,Not Recommended,285190,31451121,Posted: 29 April,all,Unearthed,The developers royally f*****ed this game up.  5/10.  They completely took away all the pros of Dawn of War II and made some lackluster no strategy angry mob game with special attacks.This is probably the biggest dissapointment since Command & Conquer 4.All we wanted was Dawn of War II with new units and abilities and a campaign for another race.  Instead we got this garbage.
,Recommended,285190,31449108,Posted: 29 April,all,Problem Child,"Alright, so after throwing a cool 30 hours into this game I have to say that I am not dissappointed!I see a lot of negative reviews but I don't understand why, when you look at the game objectively it is a tradition RTS with some small but welcomed (in my opinion.) changes to the way you play an RTS, primarily the way you win. In most RTS games you win 1 of 2 ways, kill all enemy unit's and structures or their HQ... or you capture points and let a ticker in the top tell you when you win. In this game you have to go through 3 objectives to win. kill shields, then turrets, then the poer core, and you win. I don't see all the outrage saying it's a MOBA wen it is very clearly an RTS. my one complaint would be the fact that the maps are a wee bit too small and that the unit cap needs to be raised as well as the unit cosl lowered. e.g - Tac marins should be closer to 200 cost and the unit cap should be 500 so we can get actual epic sized battles because at the moment getting more than 140 unit in your unit cap takes forever and you are able to lose most of your units in one engagement.This game is amazing and has a promising future as we know that the amazing devs over at relic make every game last for a long time. They will add more and more content and the game will be more and more fleshed out. investing now and learning the game will guarantee a huge amount of enjoyment and fun in the future!"
76561198018076433,Recommended,285190,32618465,Posted: 21 June,all,Libr4,"Great potential, amazing graphics with alot of ups, but also downs... UP: Love the multiplayer, gigantic armies and even bigger elites. Like that base building is back, but can become a nuisiance sometimes. DOWNS: Come on Warhammer! Get some more DLC up in here! I would like to see or at least get notified on DLC and new armies please!!! All in one, great game with potential, I'd like MORE ARMIES PLEASE! love Warhammer otherwise"
76561197987668595,Not Recommended,285190,31410143,Posted: 27 April,all,Cervantes,"Well the game is fun. It plays well, looks good, and there's a decent amount of variety in units/doctrines/heroes you can play with. So why do I not recommend it ?To put it simply : lack of content.Three races ? It's 40k not Starcraft. Having Chaos, Tyranids or even Necrons as an alternative to orks for the bad guys would have been nice.3v3 at maximum, with a maximum of three maps per mode ? No custom 2v2v2v2 mayhem because maps have a fixed lane design I can understand, but no 4v4 is a bust. No asymetrical maps either with duo lanes...The game just feels... incomplete. It's even a downgrade from DoW2 in terms of content, and DoW2 was already a downgrade from DoW1. So yeah it's fun, but it's not gonna stay fun for long.Oh and for ♥♥♥♥'s sake Relic it's 2017 and you still won't let me rebind my ♥♥♥♥ing keys ? What is this a bad console port ? I'm tired of having to tinker with 3rd party programs so I don't have to press the damn Home key to select my main building or keep Alt pressed at all times to move the camera with WASD..."
76561198050887862,Not Recommended,285190,31395841,Posted: 27 April,all,chelsearule12,getting my money back dow 2 was♥♥♥♥♥♥and this is the same sh*t! JUST REMASTER THE FIRST GAME IF CANT MAKE A BETTER 1
,Recommended,285190,31448845,Posted: 29 April,all,Muppet,"Game is pretty fun, I wish they had items like they did in the last one for your heros in single player.  Maybe that will come.  Game has crashed twice on me, which suck when you are 40 mins into a mission."
76561198079462532,Not Recommended,285190,31510523,Posted: 2 May,all,Nomad,"Not only is this is the only game that I have ever bought and, after spending so little time on it, just completely given up on it, but it is also the only game that has upset me enough to do a review about it. To me it was sold as a grander scale version of the first DoWs' mixed with a bit of DoW2 mechanics but I feel like I have been betrayed. I think for playing DoW I will just stick to modded soulstorm."
,Not Recommended,285190,34213490,Posted: 13 August,all,♫[☺] Ephphatha (藍凛) afterfindGH,Not to good...6/10
,Not Recommended,285190,32843035,Posted: 26 June,all,Doctor Bathroom,"Already requested my refund. I'd rather go play Dow2, they remade Dow1 and somehow didn't make it better?"
76561198019047833,Recommended,285190,31422801,Posted: 28 April,all,Perloo The Bold,"I do not normally post reviews on steam but I feel inspired to do so with this game. I have seen allot of people now (after launch), and during the beta jump to conclusions about this game without giving it a fair shot. I played about 10 hours in the beta and another five so far after release and with this amount of time I have barely begun to scratch the surface of what this game has to offer. I have seen countless negative reviews with less then 5 hours of play and I do not think anyone can grasp much about this game or explore even a small fraction of its content in that amount of time. Do not believe the heretics they must be purged. Like most games there is a learning curve. Take the time to learn the units, abilities and mechanics of the game and you will be rewarded with a fast passed, fun, dynamic and deep hybrid RTS experience.I have played most relic titles and I think what I enjoy most about DOWIII is seeing how relic thought about the mechanics of their past titles (dow1, dow2, coh, coh2)  and the current state of the genre and combined them into something that is similar enough to feel intuitive to any RTS / MOBA player and simply for both new and returning players at first glance but deep enough to ensure lots of growing room.My roots have always been in RTS but in recent years I have also gotten into MOBAs (League of Legends, Smite, DOTA2). DOW3 definitely has some elements of both genres and tries to do something different by combining them. I really enjoy the elites and the way they impact your strategy. Overall I find the game play addicting and satisfying with tons of strategic depth. Literally every game thus far I am trying something new, I have only played space marines thus far since launch, I played Orks in the beta. Both feel and play completely differently. I cannot wait to play and unlock elites and doctrines, to try out every possible combination relic has to offer us. At some point I am sure I will run out of things to try but I'm sure it will take many many hours (probably more then I have time to play!).One system in place is the escalation of battle which  helps pace the game and makes for interesting changes in tactics. Early game focuses on micro battles over recourse points, during this time every solider counts. Mid game the elites really start to shine with there devastating power to wipe out line units. Towards latter game as the more powerful line units and end game elites start hitting the field the recourse rates greatly increase and suddenly the game becomes about macro and army composition.While there are only three playable factions at launch, each feels unique and differentiated, more so then in previous titles. The added customization of elites and doctrines makes it feel like there are many more options (sub factions if you will). It reminds me of Age of Empires games where all the factions have mostly the same units but some have different upgrades and all have at least 1 unique unit, except in this game you have complete control of which of those special upgrades and units you want to bring into the game.Positives:Fun powerful elitesSignificant pregame choices that influence your play styleNice mix of early micro and late game macroInteresting progression system (you earn skulls for playing which you spend to unlock elites and doctrines)Beautiful art in cinematic and graphicsGreat sound designWell optimized (highly playable on my crappy old laptop)Unique races, highly polished with lots of diversity within them (elites / doctrines)Negatives:Expensive at $60Messy launch, unpack time was crazy, some people reporting graphics issue (was hotfixed)Multiplayer balance most likely will need some workNot allot of mapsOnly 3 factions at launch1 modeOverall 8/10If you are a fan of MOBA, RTS or Warhammer 40k or like the look of the game, I defiantly think you should give it a shot. If you are willing to take the time to learn its mechanics, I do not think you will be disappointed. I have confidence in relic (proved again and again in their past titles) to support this game and work out kinks in balance and add more content. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198031157697,Recommended,285190,31450136,Posted: 29 April,all,Jab,Game is good.  Don't listen to the 'membuh dawn of war one fan boys with confirmation bias from eachother.Game is very strategic.  Balling up doesn't work.There are many ways to kill an entier army that's blobbed together.If you have friends to 2v2 or 3v3 with this game is awesome.Stratagy is very important in the multiplayer.Campaign is solid unless you're expecting it to be better then star craft 2 which is just crazy.No lag or disconnect problems because of dedicated multiplayer servers.Game is great.  Thumbs downing this seems to be the cool thing to do for no good reason.Happy to give this 60 out of 60 dollars.
76561198077374466,Not Recommended,285190,31411820,Posted: 28 April,all,Master_Nero1,"Im so sad. I pre orded this on the 20th of April 2017. I didnt care about the skins for pre ordering it I just wanted to play. Ive played the hell of of dawn 1 and 2 and I was so excited about this one. But when I woke up and installed the game I decided to check the reviews for it and boy are they all 100% right, and it kills me. I thought every one was full of it and decided to play the game for myself and 34 mins in I couldnt take it anymore as fear of not being able to return it sank in. I cannot recommend this game to anyone at all I would give it a 1/10 just bc it is something and playable. The Graphics are 100% horse♥♥♥♥♥♥for 2017, even for 2000 and being a pc game its even worse halo 1 and runescape have better graphics than this. I couldnt even see detail or diffrent colors on the space marines like wtf and im playing on the max settings. The zoom out is not there at all and its makes you sick as ♥♥♥♥ing trying to multi task couldnt tell the ♥♥♥♥ was going on. The worst part is that its like 1/3 of the game is missing it seams thers less buildings and things to do than there is in the first dawn of war. It feels lazy and like a cash grab. I was ready to not sleep or do anything else this weekend but i might as well go see what outside looks like now and try out that fresh air ppl been talking about. Dont get this..."
,Recommended,285190,31396774,Posted: 27 April,all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,I'm enjoying the game. Played both DOW I and II. This is a good progression of the DoW formula.
76561198007133427,Not Recommended,285190,31407953,Posted: 27 April,all,Feistion,Don't waste your time buying this game. This is not Dawn Of War. All the mechanics that made the previous Dawn of War games great such as using cover to protect your troops doesn't even exist in this game. Graphics are poor for a third generation and its more Moba than RTS...all in all this is a great let down.
76561198006527232,Not Recommended,285190,31412685,Posted: 28 April,all,Shocking,"Do not touch this mess. If you are a fan of the DoW franchise you will pull your hair out at how they have ruined the style, lore and feel of the series in this abomination. If you are new to the DoW franchise, DO NOT start with this. Go play the first DoW with it's expansions or even DoW II or else you will get a bad opinion on this series."
,Recommended,285190,31448614,Posted: 29 April,all,Bubbles,"I wanted to wait to make this review after I had more hours of the released product played, and as a disclaimer I played a lot of the beta... A lot. I also played a ton of the original 2 DoW's and this account doesn't accurately represent the time I have played on them, as I used to play on a different account. Anyways, I find it said that people are bashing the game for being different then the original DoW. DoW2 was largely different from the first game, but didn't get bashed in the same manner. DoW3 is a great unique take for a modern RTS, lets get into it.I will start with the cons first.CONS:-Even if I havent played much of the campaign, it is pretty obvious that there wasn't much polishing here. It could've been better no lie. So they obviously focused on multiplayer.-They got rid of the cover system the first two games had, which I find disappointing. Small things like that really make a difference-There is also a strong lack of defensive structures, and structures in general. I don't mind this that much honestly, it just makes you think before sending out units from your base (TIP: always have units being created when you have your army leave base)-Micro managment is a large challenge to get used to as many units have unique abilities, this isn't as much as a con, just something new to learn and master.PROS:-The game looks beautiful, the animations are nice and the graphics are amazing. Best looking RTS out there as of right now.-Resource points are fun to fight over in those early rushes, they can lead to some really intense starting fights and make for a smart way for people to build in multiple spaces.-The objectives, many people don't like these as they make it feel like a ""MOBA"" but I personally love them, they get rid of those early game base rushes to win the game in a short amount of time. For the most part. Having something work towards rather than just kill the entire enemy army, makes it feel more like TableTop Warhammer 40k in my opinion. They are neat little additions to the RTS that make it play so much more smothely.-Despite the learning curve of many units having abilities, this honestly makes the game more interesting. As if you use these correctly they can impact a fight in a large manner.-This game calls for tons of thinking and strategic planning, and it has to be done fast. This calls for intense last second decisions that can either lead to helping a ton or being a great downfall.-Comebacks are hard to pull off, but can be done. Especially with backdoor armies and such. The outcome feels great. It makes a great addition to RTS's which in normal scale are hard to comeback in.In all I highly recommend this game, don't hate something for taking a modern style onto an old genre. Don't hate it for not being something else. This game in its own skin is a masterpiece all together and is very unique."
76561197971037350,Not Recommended,285190,31428625,Posted: 28 April,all,MeatHelmet,"Nothing like DoW and DoW 2. Those games were quality. They were well done. They had challenge, and they were not entirely linear. It was just you against the world, not you and an army. The graphics were mediocre even on a 8GB GTX 1070. Even after the hot fix the game still wouldn't hold my graphics settings and always started in compatibility mode. I've requested a refund. I'll change the review of this game if they change the game to be more like DoW 2 and actually put effort into it."
76561197961068023,Not Recommended,285190,31475113,Posted: 30 April,all,Caido,"DoW 3 just feels too watered down for its own good. A shame really, quite enjoyed the series up until now."
76561198123607343,Recommended,285190,31419069,Posted: 28 April,all,The Spicy Dinosaur,"I haven't had played too much of the game yet- I've done the tutorials, the first 2 campaign battles and a couple of single matches against AI just to play around with the units. I can see why this game is not for everybody but let me highlight a couple of the facts that I like about this game;- It's streamlined. I've played all of the DOW games to date and this one, so far at least, just feels like I am spending less time Micro-Managing everything.- It's pretty. I know that seems like an obvious statement but I feel that the 3 factions that have been done are very true to what they should be. And they've also managed to convey this in the individual play styles. I would say that each faction feels and plays in a different way.It does feel, at this time, that this game is a little light on the ground in terms of content. I cannot deny that. But I feel that this is such a solid base to a potential game that any DLC can only truly add to this experience so will be almost mandatory personally. That said, I will still get many many hours of enjoyment out of this game because It's far more time friendly than getting everything sorted to play with my real toy soldiers."
,Recommended,285190,31452854,Posted: 29 April,all,Rick,"dawn of war 3 was sorth of suprising. it wasnt like the other games but still it had this warhammer 40k feeling. i miss the cover system tho i feel like they traded the cover system with more of a pure carnage warhammer with the caps on WAR.pros:- i love the grafics- characters and perks are a nice asset.- i realy like the base buildingcons:- i think the campain was to short and a litle thin.- i think they did a wrong move combinding the ork, eldars and real warriors into one campain and not focusing on the blood ravens like the other games.- persnaly i had problems with the video buffering and not playing wellif you like mayhem on the battlefield and very good animations. some purifications of heretics and xenos.... and maybe som waaaaagh its something for you.overall i think its a pretty good game and i would rate it 7/10"
,Not Recommended,285190,31402054,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr Bigby Dresden 크리스,Cannot spectate in MP nor Custom Battles/Skirmishes. Even games from 1997 had this feature...
76561197982357378,Not Recommended,285190,31405167,Posted: 27 April,all,HOTDOGMAN,I'd like some base building and none of this stupid♥♥♥♥♥MOBA♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just bring back DOW1 stuff with some 2 in there.
,Recommended,285190,31420859,Posted: 28 April,all,Malanith,Awesome game!
,Recommended,285190,31420942,Posted: 28 April,all,Dragoneye,"After picking this game up for the multiplayer and despite the user reviews -- I was suprised by how fun the gameplay actually is.The hate that this game is getting is pretty undeserved, IMO. It plays like a solid iteration on Dawn of War 2, and I'm having a blast with it."
,Recommended,285190,31412251,Posted: 28 April,all,Deathbringer21,"Alright, this review comes in after about 14h of beta play and currently over halfway threw the campaign, so i'm by no mean an expert but at least i have more than 2 hours of play unlike half the reviews currently out for this game. Going to start on the campaign first.It starts strong with a pretty challenging mission on ""hard difficulty"" that pretty much gives you glimps of the potential that the campaign could have had with really good looking background fights and massive hordes of Orks engaging imperial knights, it's also so far the most challenging mission of the entire campaign on ""hard"" with it being the only one that forces me to restart. The mission itself is pretty much set to teach you the basic of the game, but it's by no mean a push over.After beating the mission, you expect the following ones to be close to this amount of challenge and chaotic battles, but the game just goes into normal base building mode afterwards with barely any dangers to the player even on the highest level of difficulty. The story also starts going down the drain with a plot point that i will not spoil, but it's really boring.If the following missions just focused a bit more on the conflict between the races and the massive battles going on the planet it would have been a massive improvement on the current story. The good points of the campaign is it does a good job teaching you all the mechanics of the game and the multiple Elites that are available to the 3 factions.Now for the multiplayer, the game modes i have played the most are 3v3 and 1v1, keep in mind however that most of these games were played in the Open Beta, the gameplay is fast paced with a lot of early skirmishes and constent fighting. Most of the units have abilities that can be big game changers when used correctly. I've had amazing moments where i used Banshee scream ability to cancel Assault Marines jumps, really important grenades on clump of ennemies or really big combos on some of the Elites. The map themselves are streamlines towards early game conflict and force the players to fight early on or fall behind on economy and map control. HOWEVER! you can still pull off great harass tactics with some of the units that are offered to you in all of the factions (Assault marines, Dire Avengers, Scout marines, Trukks and Boyz are all good units to harass the economy). The gameplay itself early game is very much centered around the elites, but by no mean is the only focus of attention, if you units poorly or your opponents use them better, they will win fights and you won't and in 1v1 losing fights mean losing the game.In multiplayer your base and the opponents base are protected by shield generators and turrets, these seem to be mostly there to put some kind of stop to early game harass in the main bases of players, but all they seem to do is force the games to go pass 20+ minutes on average in 3v3 (doesn't change much in 1v1 since the game is usually decided on the battlefield mostly unless both players are very close in terms of skill level). I think the shield generators are a nice idea with them being an effective bunker for your units to use when on the back foot, but the turrets are simply a time waster in my opinion. But aside from that i've been having a blast playing mutliplayer and it's without a doubt the strong point of this game.Multiplayer also has a bit of pre-game customisation available, with a wide variety of colors to customise your armies and doctrines that can be used to modify some of your units to have different abilities or bonuses. There is also a pretty decent variety of Elites that allow you to focus on different aspects of the game (IE early game, mid game and late game elites give different advantages depending on when you deploy them)Overall i think the game is good, it has flaws and it feels that it may have been rushed a bit (with the campaign starting strong but getting worst has it goes). But even if the game was rushed, i think the game deserves better than what people are saying about it (mostly negative comments about how it's not like Dawn of War 1 and 2, it's a mix of both really if you think about it) and i think Dawn of War 3 is a surprisingly good game. If you are a fan of Real time strategy games reminiscent of the Warcraft days and the Warhammer 40k universe, i would recommend you to get this game, otherwise maybe wait for a sale. Overall i give the game a 8/10.TLDR - Average Campaign but good at teaching the games mechanics and how to use units properly, online customisation for different play styles and Strong multiplayer reminding me of the old days of WC3 ladder days. 8/10 game pretty good."
76561197969906582,Not Recommended,285190,31755095,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr.Bump,"Give the story modea miss, its unimaginative, repettative and time consuming. You like playing that 2hr mission as Eldar? GREAT! now play it with Orks and after that Space marines Zzzzzz"
76561197971309565,Recommended,285190,31490374,Posted: 1 May,all,FieldMedic,"I've enjoyed Dawn of War 3. The campaign, at least, is quite good and it definitely has the 40K aesthetic down. The gameplay is very akin to Warcraft 3 but with lighter base building and resource gathering. The army painter is neat and the hero and army perk selection is interesting if a little limited. Gone is wargear which is disappointing and also gone is a lot of the more tactical gameplay with cover and surpression etc that was in DoW 2 so that's also a bit of a bummer.Also only 3 races this time around - no Tyranids, Imperial Guard etc. Performance wise the game looks and runs great for me. Sound effects and voice work are quite good but I find the sound track somewhat limited, especially compared to the excellent music offerings in other 40K games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31399968,Posted: 27 April,all,The Big Z,"Feels like a step sideways, or even down from DOW2.  Only 3 factions to choose from, with a limited amount of unit types from each.  There are also only a total of 8 maps at launch, spread out across 1v1, 2v2, and 3v3.  The lack of content here is very disappointing.  Graphically speaking it is very unimpressive even on the highest settings.  I would write a longer and more detailed review but there is really nothing else to say, and after only an hour of playtime I knew that I would be refunding this one.The words bland and uninspired describe DOW 3 well.Overall I wouldn't recommend this game, even on sale, unless they add a lot of free content including multiple new factions, maps, and game modes in the future."
,Not Recommended,285190,31473189,Posted: 30 April,all,Fallen Raziel,Meh.
76561198006130906,Recommended,285190,31396989,Posted: 27 April,all,Graeves,"Aaah, as expected, the negative reviews came in because it's either not DoW1 or 2, or they claim this game is a MOBA.I can safely say, it isn't any of those 3. It is, in it's own right, a standalone game that accomplishes what it wants to do.First of all, you have to look at this from a kind of ""new game"" perspective. It combines good elements from DoW1 & 2 and adjusts the multiplayer a little by adding objectives (the reason it's so called MOBA). People like to say there is not enough unit variation yet this has more variation then both previous game on release.It does take getting some used to as you can no longer simply retreat your units with 1 button and have to manually do but the payoff is worth it since reinforcing units is much cheaper then rebuilding them.The base-building is very basic but considering your attention is required on the fight itself, it's an understandable choice. There is never a dull moment or an opponent that just turtles and suddenly is invincible even if you dominate the entire match. Keep in mind that balance is not quite 100% but for a release title it is, in my experience so far, balanced quite well.It saddens me that people just want to bash this game based on their expectations instead of accepting the game for what it is: the same thing that DOW2 was when that came out. DoW2 was a step away from it's original and yes, it was quite awkward to get used to but eventually became an amazing game.Now the same thing happened with DoW3 and people just have to repeat history while failing to see that DoW3 is it's own game. It has strong gameplay, a good Singleplayer campaign (so far) and it succesfully combines elements that should have pleased both DoW1 & 2 players."
76561197997170673,Recommended,285190,31399882,Posted: 27 April,all,Roots to Branches,"Ive been playing MP only and Ive had alot of fun. The matches are quick, intense and I always feel that I could have done better when I lose. The graphics are great and it runs very well on my mediocre rig. Ive played the previous games and the blizzard rts and this game scratches that good old itch. Do you really need anything more?"
,Recommended,285190,31613416,Posted: 7 May,all,Splitz,I've played em all.  DOW3 is an improvement.  Loving it!
76561198007895170,Not Recommended,285190,31546271,Posted: 4 May,all,Commissar Cain,"Been a huge warhammer 40k fan for most of my life. Played all the other dawn of wars and enjoyed them. But this is trying to combine League of Legends with the previous Dawn of Wars. The result angers the God Emperor greatly. If you like League of legends then maybe this game might work better for you, you radical heretic."
76561197971824860,Recommended,285190,31545721,Posted: 4 May,all,octovert,"TLDR:A good RTS with a focus on units and army management over economy and base building.  Elite units are the best implementation of ""heroes"" in an RTS i've seen.  A worthy addition to the series, which isn't just a sequel to either of the previous DoW games.  It'd be nice if it had more maps, and if they'd work out some UI bugs.The Long VersionPreface:I've played through 10 missions of the campaign, and a dozen or so online matches.  Nobody gave me the game, nor am I being compensated for the review.  I own, and have played, the entirety of Dawn of War 1 & 2, including all DLC for both of them, and enjoyed them both for different reasons.  I've also played many RTS games, from Dune 2 through Starcraft 2.  I'm not a frequent player anymore, and the last time I took an RTS seriously enough in multiplayer to be competitive, it was Starcraft.  I'm also a WH40k fan, having read a few books, and have a general familiarity with the lore.  I was never a miniature painter, or tabletop player (aside from some of the board games)Dawn of war 3 is a great spin on the RTS genre, doing a lot of what the other games did well, while simplifying them. It is not a perfect game, and definitely has its issues.  It's also the most promising RTS i've seen in quite some time.The Cons:Map Variety:It's true that the game didn't ship with very many maps.  I have mixed feelings about this - on one hand it feels a little incomplete, and on the other hand - in every other RTS i've ever played, everyone seems to settle into a groove of a few favorite maps anyway.  There is only the one game mode currently, and I can see how ultimately that could get a little staleThe UI:There are some fiddly things about the UI occasionally - it feels buggy more than poorly designed.  Some of the menus I have to dig into on the front end are deeper than I think I should have to dig to get to unlocks and things.  A select all units button would have been nice.No Retreat Button:We had this in previous games, and if you haven't had it before, you may not care.  But in a game where reinforcing squads is way better than buying new ones, having a GTFO button was hella nice.  I do miss this.Unexplained Stuff:The game doesn't do much to tell me what the different escalation phases are, or what triggers them.  Even the campaign didn't do a whole lot to teach me about hard unit counters, and I find myself relying on what I know from previous DoW games (which seems to work) as well as what I know about the WH40k universe.  I'm sure there will be a wiki somewhere, but I shouldn't have to read it to know how to play.The Pros:Simple Economics:Against many other RTS games, this one handles resource management really elegantly, and allows the player to focus on managing the army and battles, which are micro heavy.  While I can appreciate the strategic value in protecting a peon line, this allows me to invest time and energy in blowing stuff up, which is more fun anywaySimple Tech Trees / Base Building:You want to build vehicles from the get go?  Go nuts.  If you can conjure up the resources, there's nothing really stopping you.  All your upgrades are in one building, construction takes place at mercifully few buildings.  Building a base is still meaningful, as is the order in which you do so.  And strategically placing buildings outside of your base is also an interesting wrinkle in game strategy.  This is nicely streamlined - again, allowing me as a player to focus on my unitsReally distinct factions:Each faction has its unique mechanics that make each race feel totally different.  I can completely understand why we have a ""mere"" 3 factions at launch with the level of detail they all have in not only the units and elites (and the nightmare those must have been to balance), but massive mechanics like Waaaagh! or building to building teleports.Elite Units:Evolving past the heroes in War3, the elite units give me, as a player, interesting choices, both going into a match and during.  Do I take a bunch of cheap elites and get them in quick?  Or a healthy mix of early and late?  Do i take a knight and just hope i can hold out long enough to bring it out, without any other elites?  These are great.  And i don't have to dink around levelling them up with creeps or whatever during the game.  I've read some criticism saying that because they don't level, some scale poorly into the late game.  To this i say two things: 1) you still got to have them out in the early game where they can make a massive difference and 2) the doctrines those units bring in frequently affect units you're leaning on in late game, and in that sense they scale as your army scales.  This is really well done, and I look forward to seeing what other elites may be in the pipeline.  I don't take issue with unlocks - it's easy enough to get the elites you want within a few matches or campaign missions.The God Complex:A good RTS allows the player to create moments where they feel both smart and powerful.  Having placed devastator marines in the right spot just before an enemy moves troops through a choke is extremely satisfying.  Dropping elite units into the middle of a fight at just the right time is satisfying.  Watching walkers charge through groups of units and send them everywhere is satisfying.  And the art, effects, and audio really sell how beautifully brutal the units and fights really are.Playstyle Fiddling:With the elites, the doctrines, and your own mixture of unit strategy, the game caters marvellously to both a deep and wide variety of playstyles and strategies that more invested players can tinker with endlessly.The Verdict:This is a solid, deep game with a different feel than any other RTS i've played, and that ticks all of the boxes I want in an RTS, while avoiding a lot of the things I find annoying.  It does have a few teething problems, and there is some room for DLC, and i'm eager to see how well Relic supports this game (if past DoW games are any indicator, there is plenty to come)."
76561197998631294,Recommended,285190,31477246,Posted: 30 April,all,chemstud82,"Everybody knows now what this game is NOT.  It's not DOW 1, and it's not DOW 2.  It isn't even close, and it never will be.  Being upset about that is understandable, but will pass, just as it did for me.  Strangely, the more I play it, the more I feel like it IS a mix between DOW 1 and DOW 2.  I'm already working on combinations of elites and doctrines (it's really deep and fun) and I'm past the whole ""Hur Hur Hur, big elites are invincible"" stage that many new players go through.  Many of the bad reviews seem split between people who are either not over the fact that DOW 3 is (drastically) different than DOW 1 and DOW 2, or they aren't playing with much depth and think it's all about the elites.  All of that is fine, I just wanted to add a positive review as I'm starting to come around to what the devs have done, I'm looking forward to more, and I don't mind buying DLC (I bought every expansion for DOW 1 and DOW2).  Hopefully this helps to drown out the surprised consumer rage.  Good job devs, polish it up over the next couple years and give me my Chaos and Necrons :)  Oh, and last stand, too.  My friend will lose his mind if he doesn't get that mode"
76561198041120583,Recommended,285190,31399877,Posted: 27 April,all,A1WAY5WATCH1NG,"all the bad reviews of this game are just complaining about how its not exactly the same as dawn of war 1 and then the other half are complaining about it not being the exact same things dawn of war 2 saying its not a dawn of war game when the first 2 games had nothing to do with eachother every game in the series has been different so who cares if the third one is too no matter what they did one side would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥any way.the game itself is good, and i understand that people wanted dawn of war 1 or 2 instead of this but that dosnt mean you should write this game off because its not a carbon copy of the first or second game but this game is actually a pretty good mix and the multiplayer looks like a moba game on paper but when you play the mode it has more in common with dawn of war 1 then a moba so i dont see why people are complaining people should be complaining about the skull system and the some times spotty frame rate with high action not the nonsence everyone is talking abouti see the word cartoony a lot in the reviews and i just kinda laugh at those comments because they are idiotic if this is cartoony then i guess warhammer is a cartoony franchise then so far all ive seen that is cartoony is some of the ork dialog other then that its dark bloody and looks like 40k everyone needs to clean the♥♥♥♥♥♥from their eyes"
76561198072405015,Recommended,285190,31406320,Posted: 27 April,all,Eagkv3,A very fun game.
76561198073048387,Recommended,285190,31455734,Posted: 29 April,all,Little Rabbit,"Dawn of war 3 is not a bad game as many people saidI myself always hate this game with i first saw the gameplay footage, I hate it so much, I dislike every video and I swear to my self dat I would not buy this game.Untill the beta came then trying to give a game a chance, not take it too serious to be a Dawn of War game. Look at it as New RTS game. Then I say to my self ""Well, DoW3 is a decent game. It's fun and interesting. I think im going to get this for sure"" (Well the fliping space Marine and their running animation still sicken me so bad haha)Dawn of War 3 is good RTS gameDawn of War 3 is not a good Warhammer 40k : Dawn of war game.- Let me start with confirst.The Multiplayer seem alittle too linear in some case.If the deverloper introduce new type of game mod rather than just this Pushing to the Core type, It would makes the game alot better in my opinion.The Animation is sick. really really sick. A What spinning 360 jump in Terminator armor ? and the Voice acting... it's sicken meIt seem like they care little about how each unit should behave. for example how the hell did the space marine squard were so squashy, wht the hell if there an't text saying wht the unit are? I would thos were guardsmen.In somecase there is this type of Ability call 1 click wipe, which require almost 0 skill to wipe the entire group of enemy line. I think the games should lean more toward high skill play > high reward type game if they are really want this game to be competitive.ProThe game it's self has quite in interesting machianic, well yes some people might say it ruin Dawn of War and i have to agree with dat. But when I look at this game as a New RTS game. I Fine it to be quite a game indeedI would say they did trying to give us a little bit more refreshing type of RTS. I would have to give them credit for dat.But they should really do more study more on successful RTS game like StarCraft in term of how the game reward play for playing good and panish player who's playing bad.The Campiagn were some wht okey to being good. It really give me quite a great understanding on with each races were played and while keeping the story interesting enough.Lot of people has problem with 3 races and launch but to behonest as long as they can balance the game out better with 3 races ? Im much more happier than 9 races with Zero balance.------------------------------------------------------Will I recommend this game? Well Yes !!...But only you have to give it's a chance. Look at it from different angle, Don't let your hatred clound your judgement"
76561197965282359,Recommended,285190,31404948,Posted: 27 April,all,Naomi,"only buy this game if you have no expectation, they have alsmost killed every expectation. This is not Dawn of War as we know it, this is Game/Novel which is done poorly. I mean if you know the lore, elder should be smarter, ork should have no ""plan"", humans should not be like ork. This game is about the ""hero"" charater and not about the tactical game play, hence, not the DoW as we know.I should sum this up as pros and cons below:Pros:You get alot more heros-You get all three race-Overall better graphic-More Scene, more storyCons:-Lore is wrong, making this very hard for fans of 40K to enjoy-Graphic is acceptable, if you got a outdated computer the game is like a Play Station RTS-The balace of the game is broken at the moment, not much RTS, Hero first soke up the fire then shooter comes and mop things up same for all 3 race.Simply said, this is not a game for the people who like RTS, nor a game for the fans of 40K. Orks should not have a volcab  of more then SMARSH! THUMP! HAHAHAHA! IT's FLAT! or Bigz Shooter?BOOMS?HAHAHA!Lookz NO HAND! . Really should work with Game workshop on those script, they have lost the spirit of the tale. I really wish they make a DoW 4 , and this time make it right."
76561198042455055,Not Recommended,285190,31475980,Posted: 30 April,all,Warlord of Rictus,While in sometimes fun it is nothing like the originals and some parts are un playable.
,Not Recommended,285190,31409571,Posted: 27 April,all,Actazard,"This review is my opinion you are intitled to your own.Disappointed that Relic choose the direction to make it more Moba than an RTS. Cover system is completely scrapped we now have bubbles scattered around the map, elites are now the main focus of the game with their cooldowns and skills. I played the hell out of Dark Crusade and loved it, cant say the same for this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31397155,Posted: 27 April,all,RadRat,Refunded! Does not like game process at all.
76561197976775794,Not Recommended,285190,31455149,Posted: 29 April,all,korama571427,"I regret purchasing this game. If I wanted a MOBA then I would rather play one that is dedicated to being a MOBA. No real customization, bland storyline, lack of diversity in units. Would rather play DoW or DoW 2 than this boring crap."
76561197982125112,Not Recommended,285190,32026290,Posted: 28 May,all,^Cryo,No even option to change keyboard bindings...
,Recommended,285190,31662620,Posted: 10 May,all,Hold on a minute,"The game is Interesting. different art direction from the previous installments, removing certain systems like cover and replacing it with smoke screens like Dota. Even has the healthbars segmented on each of your units like a Damn MOBA game (Which I'm guessing the company is trying to get the game ready for it to be Esport material in the future).I'd say the game is something I can get behind. large armies on single screen, bright colours and explosions. I'm a simple man. The game is good when you come to realize that sometimes we will have to face the fact that whatever we experience the first time we play a good RTS produced by this company, we will never get those nostalgic moments back whenvever they try to introduce a new mechanic to there games that was not the same as its predecessors.Enjoy it while it lasts"
76561197970547869,Recommended,285190,31468392,Posted: 30 April,all,dandano64,"I've been playing Dawn of War since the beginning. I'm not a great RTS player, but I really do enjoy this game! I may or may not ever do the multiplayer, but single player is a lot of fun, especially the Space Orks. Something so funny about massing a horde. WAAAAAGH!"
76561197972576947,Recommended,285190,31468454,Posted: 30 April,all,marlowe101,its differentrom the other dawn of wars but still an enjoyable game . Try it for yourselves dont let all the its a moba crowd sway your view
,Not Recommended,285190,31404204,Posted: 27 April,all,Vekks,If you are a fan of Dawn of War I or II... don't get this. The multiplayer matches are more leaning towards lane (similar to a MOBA) warfare then the dawn of war warfare we know and love. (Destroy EVERYTHING)
76561198007093099,Not Recommended,285190,31681069,Posted: 11 May,all,Saphire Fluex,"Overall, I really really love the game play. Its so crisp and clean. How ever i dis like the fact that not all the races were available.I believe they might do a DLC to get the other races and its a sort of new trend of selling 1/2 a game at full game price than later releaseing the other half of the game in DLC for same price"
76561198059785658,Recommended,285190,31567317,Posted: 5 May,all,so mean,"It might be quite different from dawn of war 1 and 2, but nonetheless, it is an extremely good RTS, perhaps the best I've played since Starcraft 2.Single player campaign is lacking, it feels like a glorified tutorial,  but the multiplayer is great.Pacing is awesome, you'll get a lot of action packed games with a nice variety of units/tactics, and epic elite units.Only 3 races/factions availables,  but those factions are really different from one another. Plus you get a lot of customization through doctrines/elite loadout.It is definitly not a moba, the only similarity with a moba is  the 3 objectives you need to destroy to win the game.So far, I like this game a lot, it may not be what warhammer  and dow1/2 fans expected, but it is a really solid and fun game."
,Recommended,285190,31700912,Posted: 12 May,all,SerbIy,10 grotz out of 10
76561198041200927,Recommended,285190,31410429,Posted: 28 April,all,Brick,This one is as good as any Dawn of War games
76561198005940011,Recommended,285190,31513221,Posted: 2 May,all,God Emperor,Decent
,Not Recommended,285190,31552022,Posted: 4 May,all,Fire4Affect,"Controls Suck! Watered Down Sequel Of A Great Game! Everything You Loved Of The Original Games Is Gone! Want To Customize You Army! Not Happening! Want to choose which army you play and see them victorious? Try a different game! But if you want to play a game that is over priced, underdeveloped that will leave you wanting a refund! This is your game."
76561198045454840,Not Recommended,285190,31513242,Posted: 2 May,all,DoviusMaxima,"This is not a compromise between DoW1 and DoW2. This is a MOBA but in a strategy game, this is a shame because so many people, especially fans, cried out for a more DoW1esque game and were met with bitter disappointment because the devs have decided to go against the grain yet again and failed. A compromise? Making the squads bigger than they were in DoW2 is not a compromise between 1 and 2 it's a completely different game. Such a shame i spent so long looking forward to this game only to be met with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to please everyone whilst still trying to be competitive with other startegy games."
76561198017231321,Not Recommended,285190,31429334,Posted: 28 April,all,coffee_stains,"TLDR: Disappointing but the skeleton for a great game is there and ready. It's closer to DoW 2 than the original.  I'm sorry to say once you've played a single game you've pretty much played it. Games are short, shallow, and with very little replayability. The graphics are fantastic, the atmosphere is perfect, but the game is so forcefully contorted toward a single playstyle: defend a couple of buildings (or attack a series of bulidings that must be destroyed in sequence) and throw a handful of units at each other built from a total of about 5 building options.Pros:Atmosphere, graphics, sound quality.  It's well polished. It's DoW! That intro. Options for different unlockable heroes. Lots of army paint options but I wish there was a scale option for increasing 'weather' to the paint schemes. A lot of hard work went into this game.Cons:The rest of the game. While it may be well polished, the game is muzzled and caged. Overly linear, small maps that funnel armies so your only real choice is which bottle neck you decide to fight at. There are a few options that try to add flair to the tactical side but they're impotent and rarely as useful or important as they were intended to be. I was hoping the open beta was purposefully limited and there would be more maps, larger maps, and with a larger variety of victory conditions but there's just not. I have been looking forward to this game for yeaaaaaaaars. I'm sure many of you have too.I don't care about the three races aspect that bothers most people. We all knew that was coming. That's how DoW games roll out... a couple armies and it grows from there. It's business. I get that but it's the features and depth that bother me... specifically the lack of depth. It has so much potential but falls flat from any sort of epic scale. If you like smaller squad based RTSs then this is for you. If you want larger scale, even just on the DoW scale... then this isn't for you. Maps are too small and semi-maze you to ever have a full scale battle out in the open. I can only hope that they'll add more features with those armies. All the mechanics are there for a great game... but the developers clearly decided that they only wanted the game to be played in a one (aforementioned) way. Games are as repetitive as this review is I'm sure.My recommendation: If you liked Dow 2, get it and have fun! I'm genuinely happy for you.  If you liked DoW 1... wait.To Developers: Everything you need to ADD to the game is there, you just need the will to do it.  Make different game types! EMBRACE what people care about instead of funnel their desires to the a simple, molded playstyle. We're forgiving! We're loyal! You can satisfy mutliple playstyles here! We're with you! Just... be with us too."
76561198027623810,Not Recommended,285190,31460123,Posted: 30 April,all,terry1987,"I loved DoW2 - I loved the campaign, the characters, the customisation of those characters and your ability to chose different units for different missions. There were so many different reasons to play different missions, and new weapons to collect and use.I am a devote fan of the 40k universe and have been dying waiting for this game to come out. I have FORCED myself to play it for a couple of hours and cant describe how disappointed I am.Pros:1. Some very cool new units to play with2. WH40K is epic. I will play anything they send my way.Cons:1. No connection with characters2. Customisation of units is  terrible compared to DoW23. No depth to campaign or multiplayer4. Multiplayer maps are poor compared to DoW25. Why did they get rid of the cover system?!? it was awesome, and now its terrible....6. Every soldier is dispensable, more attrition then anything else.7. The special characters you can call down change the game completely - and suddenly it becomes DOTA or LOL, except you also control the minions...8. with those weird energy defence towers it REALLY becomes DOTA/LOL. AND then you destroy their 'Energy Generator' thingy, JUST like DOTA/LOL and its game over....9. I dont know how to explain how i feel stressed just playing the game!This game feels more like it was meant to be DoW2 - and DoW2 feels like the polished, new, fun, great game that changed the way we played RTS.WHY DID THEY NOT CONTINUE WITH THE DoW2 IDEA?"
76561197987854434,Not Recommended,285190,31462414,Posted: 30 April,all,venomnight,This game suck were the rest of it. should say early access or still in beta
,Not Recommended,285190,31424254,Posted: 28 April,all,Foxx,i refunded after 20 mins i couldnt even play the game in fullscreen and it felt like a step back without the cover system etc
,Not Recommended,285190,31591803,Posted: 6 May,all,DarkMavrik,"Well lets kick this off shall we? This should not be called dawn of war 3, there is a decent single palyer attached that seems to♥♥♥♥♥♥most off because ti forces you to play all factions at once. The whole single player is pretty much to cover up that multi player is a dam MOBA. Which I would be down for a warhammer 40k MOBA, but for the love of the emperor why did they call it DOW3? If you like warhammer 40k stay away from this game, they knew they had a market for this game and could of made a nice moba with another title to get the new gamers in. Instead they slammed them together."
,Recommended,285190,31592124,Posted: 6 May,all,[EMPIRE] BAGELMENSK,I find it really fun but then again I'm the kind of guy who will sit down and skirmish Normal bots in singleplayer for hours in most rts's.It's not ♥♥♥♥ing incredible but it's got a lot of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥that sets it apart from the pack.
,Recommended,285190,31400220,Posted: 27 April,all,Forbesy,How can people give a review after 60mins of gameplay.I shall edit this but so far i'm loving PvP.
76561198065462218,Not Recommended,285190,31545297,Posted: 4 May,all,rainbownoodle,They took everyting i loved about dow 1 and 2 and turned it into garbage.
76561197970608333,Not Recommended,285190,31471009,Posted: 30 April,all,SceaduWulf,This is not the evolution of Dawn of War that I hoped for. Its single player regressed into a standard RTS...
76561198065417058,Not Recommended,285190,31471320,Posted: 30 April,all,cmigraderman1,terrible campaign
76561198014577428,Recommended,285190,31498113,Posted: 1 May,all,Borface,"This game is nothing like a MOBA.Is an awesome RTS for competitive players.Ignore the reviews, I haven't had this much fun playing an RTS since sc2."
76561197993460348,Not Recommended,285190,31513641,Posted: 2 May,all,Eze_e,I was expecting way better graphics. I have a hard time dealing with this. Paying 60 dollars for a game with crappy graphics. Expecting better.
,Recommended,285190,31474339,Posted: 30 April,all,Crazy Red Dusty,WAAAAGGHHH!Pretty good
76561198092568965,Recommended,285190,31611063,Posted: 7 May,all,Fago Diego,"Everyones mixed im enjoying it bits of 1 and 2,"
76561198005649135,Not Recommended,285190,31657975,Posted: 9 May,all,DMC,"Was great, after DOW 2 I was concerned but overall I think the game is fine.....except I am now not getting Elite experience after skirmish matches.  I was getting them and then all of a sudden it stopped.  This is huge because of the focus on Elites in this game.  Playing a 60-90 minute game and not getting rewards/credit is terrible. It is not a display bug, as some in the forums indicated it may be."
76561198037109570,Not Recommended,285190,31758387,Posted: 14 May,all,Chiefarmorer,"The campaign is ok.  It is much more like DOW II than I.   If you really like 2, then this is for you.  If, like me, you wanted it to be more like DOW I, then wait for it to go on sale."
76561198091545465,Not Recommended,285190,31478810,Posted: 30 April,all,fry PaPPY,Orks are way to powerful honestly and the space marines are for some reason the weakest early in most matches unblanaced atm imo.
,Not Recommended,285190,31529797,Posted: 3 May,all,PeekItUp,"Fun multiplayer, okay campaign, bugs abound.I'm having a blast in multiplayer, the single player campaign is alright, it has some fun moments but is otherwise just an excuse to grind some skulls. There are a LOT of bugs though.The most glaring for me is a bug causing the boss in the final mission to not spawn, meaning I am unable to complete the single player campaign. This, in addition to numerous abilities which break by alt-tabbing means I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in its current state."
76561198066788962,Recommended,285190,31530614,Posted: 3 May,all,Diakoptes,"lots of people saying its a MOBA, I have no idea what this is nor do I careGameplay, The base building is better then DOW2 obviously, however there are no buildable defences, only garrisonable shield generators. If defences where buildable however they would soon become and impenetrable wall and thus are not a good idea.The fact you can only play 3 factions is bloody terrible, because if there are anymore they will be paid DLC. many people say some units are OP and so on, these people are morons as all these *OP* units are hard counters and useless at anything else. Too many noobs complaining because they suck.campaign, has more of the DOW1 with resources and building and soforth but with a better need for tactics then DOW1.multiplayer, this is infinitley better the the DOW2 multiplayer, however, as you cannot reinforce anywhere on the map nor can your retreat your units lots of them will die. However to compensate the income rates are much higher, combine this with a much higher pop cap and the battles become very large and quite (dare I say) epic,elites, you get a veriety of hero units i.e librarian, Gabriel, and diomodies for the space marines (you do get many more that was just to name a few) however, the main sticking point for some is why some of these where not buildable units. Not for the titans, but more for the hero squads like the terminators as this would have boosted these factions and alowed more tactics. (it was probably because they really would have been too powerful to just spam)down points - lack of factions and MP maps (and no last stand or equivalent)good points - good graphics (though they don't make a game good), pretty good combat with lots of counters and tactics included, huge battles,"
,Recommended,285190,31610878,Posted: 7 May,all,TOGgledShot,"Really, anything positive the people before me have to say.  I love the game.  I love playing this game when I can.  Keep up the good work Relic."
76561197966191800,Not Recommended,285190,31757140,Posted: 14 May,all,Grimm,"Wish I had more time to really dig into this game, but within the first two hours ran into three different game breaking bugs from my keyboard no longer controlling units, to being unable to assign groups to micro, to the single player mission being broken to where I could spam 1 ability with no cooldown, but lost control of all other abilities. This is really a wreck of a game as far as I'm concerned."
76561198357274889,Recommended,285190,31759155,Posted: 14 May,all,baraa.yaseen,I like it
76561198081144492,Recommended,285190,31515424,Posted: 2 May,all,Exarch,"The bad reviews unwarranted. The game gets the majority of its' bad reviews now because the game is bad; but rather because the vast majority of players had expectations that were not met.-People complain about lack of cover system, that was announced before the games launch.-Complain of lack of morale system, also announced before game launch, AND no morale in DoW 2-Complain it isn't really ""base building"" ... DoW 2 didn't have base building, aaaand, again, the depth of the buildings (just really few basics) were covered before game release.-It's a Moba... It has heroes that, while important, can't make or break the game. Heroes here are no more / less important than the previous games. They give an edge but at a cost. early game heroes suck late game. late game heroes make u weak early.--All the complaints that people have, are about things that they knew wasn't in the game. In my humble opinion, the game plays more like Starcraft 2 but with hero units (ok, so more like warcraft 3) as far as overall gameplay. and the base buildiung is really basic (no defense turret buildings except the in game ones pre-installed) ... i would say the base building is (again) Like starcraft 2, but without the turrets. a research building, a infantry, and a vehicle building. you don't need more.I think the game is great, but, in my opinion, has room for improvement. My biggest gripe, some slight imbalance, and vehicles need to come slower / later in game / cost more.It'll suck to see a good game lose support because people are upset that things they were told were / were not in the game, were or were not in the game (i.e. the devs delivered as they said)"
,Recommended,285190,31464953,Posted: 30 April,all,Blaze Raven,"Dawn of War III very much feels like Relic wanted to take the series closer to Dawn of War. If you were looking for something closer to DoW2, then Company of Heroes is probably closer to what you are looking for. However, the game tries to strike a balance between DoW and DoW2, bringing in things such as field power generators from DoW2, increasing the opportunities to deny your opponent resources with a small independent force. The game also features base building, which allows players to build field bases to reinforce their infantry to maintain map pressure.Many complain about the presence of the shield generator, turret and power core in multiplayer but to me, it is just another form of objective based gaming similar to how DoW2 had the victory points system. One benefit of objective games is that it gives increased value to mid-late game units which may never even see play in an annhilation game mode.Another major complaint is the lack of DoW2's cover system. In my opinion, DoW2's cover was only really useful in the early game. During midgame and late game positioning and mobility are too important to give up in exchange for a % defense bonus.As a program, I have rarely encountered any bugs or crashes. However, the game does require some QoL updates for things such as hotkey customization.In conclusion, Dawn of War III is neither DoW or DoW2. It is a game that tries to bring together elements of both and ends up as its own thing. Whether it works out for you, it is purely subjective. So the best thing to do is to go in with an open mind."
76561197969362080,Recommended,285190,31466413,Posted: 30 April,all,ashyslashy,Great game.  Very reminiscent of Warcraft 3 and Dawn of War 1.  A must own for RTS fans.
,Recommended,285190,31397832,Posted: 27 April,all,Saltti,"It's alright to be honest. I just wish there were units morale, more cover and static defense for every race other than just listening posts.If they keep this game alive and decide to make it better in the future there's great hope for this game.And yes if you're into games like CoH/DoW2 then this is pretty good if not even great.Is it worth 60 euros tho? Ehhhhhh... Yes and no, it entirely depends on how much you like 40k universe and these type of RTS games."
76561198009802417,Not Recommended,285190,31406688,Posted: 27 April,all,Qmicic,Why would you make MOBA out of such a great RTS? WHYYYY??? Smells like a refund to me ... too bad i had high hopes for DOW III.  I Really wanted to like this game but i just can't. FML. And whos paying off all the curators and reviewers. Theres no way they liked this sh**t show. The Only good part of this game is trailer at the beggining. Everything that follows is a f***mg disgrace.
,Not Recommended,285190,31404565,Posted: 27 April,all,Pr0fane,This steaming pile of excrement isn't Warhammer 40k. It's some ♥♥♥♥ing MOBA. Kiss my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,285190,31406644,Posted: 27 April,all,Ricky Spanish,"Game game, Ive put a ton of time on the frist two and loved them very much, this one is just as good. Differnt in some ways but still a GREAT RTS."
76561198349375683,Not Recommended,285190,32597096,Posted: 20 June,all,hwp651,Why would you sell a game for 60.00 when you know its all jacked up. Do not buy till its fixed. so many bugs.
76561198057625425,Recommended,285190,31548988,Posted: 4 May,all,Agravane,"Another solid Warhammer RTS game. The game very much resembles a modern day Warcraft 3 with the integration of elites fighting amongst regular troops. The campaign was very fun and I personally loved the story, especially as you get to see the conflict from the viewpoints of all sides. The skirmish/multiplayer mode is a bit of a change but still very enjoyable. I also love the variety of colours/tints available in the 'army painter' too, so much customisation is available!In the future I would like to see new multiplayer/skirmish modes, similar to how it was in DoW 1 with base destruction as the victory condition, rather than the power core. I'd also like to be able to see buildings in the army painter mode too, as well as the units.My only negative point is that there is a limited pool of maps to pick from in the multiplayer/skirmish mode, however I'm sure this will be added to in future DLCs. If you're a fan of the RTS genre I would definitely recommend this game and look forward to future expansions/DLCs!"
76561197980038891,Recommended,285190,31726710,Posted: 13 May,all,KHIF,The game is rushed to release and could have used another 6 months to a year...The Campaign is terrible.I am recommending the game because of 2 reasons.1. The mutliplayer is awesome and only going to get better. (seriously it is that good)2. I believe with future patches it will just get better.
,Recommended,285190,31405202,Posted: 27 April,all,Nuxela,Its alot of fun a great strategy game worth the purchase support the developers. Its worth it its a fantastic game and amazing RTS game. I am enjoying the game and its so much fun. After putting in more hours here is my full updated review.First of all this game is a true RTS and anybody who says something else dont belive them. If you want to compare this RTS to an old RTS that has similar mechanics especially the elite units with special powers and such go check out Age of Empires 3 in that RTS game their are specifc hereos in both story and multiplayer mode each one has its own special ability. On the other hand Dawn of War 3 is a true RTS game none of the mechanics of a moba are here. Example from Age of Empires 3 gameplay any mission as well as in the first mission as you can see in this first level of the game the main hero guy with special ability is highlighted with a glowing star his name is Morgan Black. Age of Empires 3 gets even more creative with both expansions and gets even more special heroes with very intresting specific ability. As you can see this is very similar to the Elite Units in Dawn of War 3 thats why I compare both games and they are true to the RTS genre period. Now I will talk about Dawn of War 3.The story mode in this game is amazing I think they done it very good and the further missions are defenitly adrenaline pumping missions and the story gets even more intresting as it progresses.Multiplayer mode its very good and unique on its own stays true to the RTS genre.Some reviews that prove the game is good and a true RTS its on the front page of the store page -“the game Warhammer 40k fans have been waiting for”9/10 – GamereactorEven hardcore gamer - “Dawn of War III successfully takes the best elements from the previous two games and blends them with traditional RTS mechanics to create a game with deep strategic gameplay.”9/10 – Hardcore Gamer
,Not Recommended,285190,31403719,Posted: 27 April,all,Overlord,"Three races, no skirmishes, all maps are the same thing with same stragety to them. Severely missing in customization and fine tuning."
76561197961083313,Not Recommended,285190,31406762,Posted: 27 April,all,Bush Wookie,Horrible let down. Maybe next time? *sigh* back to total war warhammer...
76561198006786167,Not Recommended,285190,31407707,Posted: 27 April,all,BrianDavion,This isn't a RTS it's a glorified MOBA
76561198076230218,Not Recommended,285190,31407801,Posted: 27 April,all,Booty bandit,I've had my heart broken twice in my life. Once on my 8th birthday. The second time was on April 27th.I rate this disappointment simulator: 5 years of patiently waiting out of 10.
76561197983724671,Not Recommended,285190,31408389,Posted: 27 April,all,Chase,Bad! another rushed product.
76561198012768795,Not Recommended,285190,31408459,Posted: 27 April,all,jbroedell,"Not like the first one at all. Modified verison of the second one with obvious esports mechanics. Don't buy if you follow the series and liked the begining better. Buy if you liked the second more than the first and wish there was more balanced multiplayer.I personally will be going for refund and maybe get again when it's on sale for 50% off with more than just three races. I miss the Tau, Necrons, Dark Eldar, Sisters of Battle, Imperial Guard, Chaos Marines and now Tyranids. These are all Races that have once existed but now there are only three. Even if you enjoy the game the way it is now I'd reccomend still not buying until they add more races. I guarentee you Chaos Marines will be coming as paid DLC."
,Recommended,285190,31408555,Posted: 27 April,all,Friezian,"Giant mecha's that can slide on their feet through hundreds of enemies, fire lasers that incenerate whole armies in its path, and of course Eldar's traditional ""Teleport your whole base wherever the f**k you like""! And thats just one team.Only a few hours of gametime to know this game definitely deserves every penny I spent. It takes a lot to live up to what Dark Crusade brought to the table, and I think this might just top it. It plays the way Dark Crusade does, its just a bit more over the top and in depth.AI aren't completely braindead, I tried out a few games vs AI and found myself struggling a fair bit before finally winning. Maybe that was from the initial learning curve of the game (Im a bit rusty with DOW), but they kept me and AI allies pinned down consistently!Multiplayer is great. I don't often play with strangers when it comes to RTS games, since you have to rely on allies who may not be as experienced or team players. However, since the game was only just released, I figured there would be a few small learning curves that everyone has to adjust to, so it wouldn't hurt. Safe to say my first game was utter annihilation for my team, though the second game was the entire opposite. They may need to implement some form of 'Ranking' system if they want a fair match up of teams, however I feel like it adds to the challenge that you may have really good, or really inexperienced team members.The 'Loadout' as you would call it is a nice touch, too. Earning 'Skulls' as you win online matches to purchase more Elites for your loadout just motivates you to go and play more. You're limited to 3 elites, which are slowly accessed through the duration of the game. Elites are essentially special units which are summoned, and go onto a cooldown timer before they can be used again after they die.Overall, this game is incredible. The matches can easily eat away at your time, and you'll love every minute of it. Its constant war, a lot of strategy, and a lot of Michael Bay-esque explosions. Favourite game of the year so far!"
76561198135521088,Not Recommended,285190,31425887,Posted: 28 April,all,[FTE]Assassin,"Hardcore DOW fan!I'd go as far as to say there isn't anyone who has played the DOW games more then me since the first DOW. DOW 3 is a let down IMO.The game has some good points, and some improvements over the previous installments. However, the game lacks content, is pretty boring and I dislike the win condition - taking out generator, turret, power core ZZzzzzzz......I would not recommened the game to any previous DOW fans.Go buy DOW 1 and 2 then install the mods for them - much more fun!"
,Recommended,285190,31719328,Posted: 13 May,all,Greeny Socks,"Yes the game isnt perfect, and can be frustrating but all dwan of war games can be.point is me and my friends have loved playing each other and agasint others even losing we still enjoy it. it feels great all the different multi tasking and armies and it looks great.it sucks there are only three armies but least you have the core ones first and at this time speically with the patch work that their are putting in i will probally buy races im interested in (necrons, imperial guard hint hint)if this game ever goes on sale get it.if you love dawn of war games then id say full price as it feels fresh and gives a new spin on the series."
76561198005660947,Not Recommended,285190,31425895,Posted: 28 April,all,Crl1981,"I bought and downloaded the game AFTER the day one Graphics hot patch, AND there was still a MASSIVE graphics problem with the game because the game didn't have any graphics settings. Further I was stopped mission 2 because of a game glitch that prevented me from moving beyond the first tower, finally able to overcome it after restarting the game.  When I was finally played the second mission it was so massively repetitive, and proven that I would have to restart after every mission in the game to actually play it I lost all interest whatsoever to play."
76561198006526959,Not Recommended,285190,31425988,Posted: 28 April,all,Carpatheon,"This game marks the first time I have ever asked for a refund for a steam game.  I have long been a huge fan of the Dawn of War franchise but I cannot recomend this game.   The unit rosters are the smallest yet for a Dawn of War game.  Perhaps they plan to sell new units as DLC later, but thats a whole new problem.The gameplay is not fun.  Too much micromanagement of unit special abilites without and esay way to cycle through your units makes battles just frentic clicking trying to get to the tactical squad that hasn't used its flamer yet.  Hero characters are too powerful compared to regular units.  A single orc warboss took out 2 tactical squads and 2 devestator squads before my hero could even get ther to help.Many aspects of the campaign are poorly explained, and I had to just click around in all the menus to even find out about different aspects of the abilities.The multiplayer battles seem very poorly designed.  Where did the mechanic of Destroy the Shield -> Destroy the Turret -> Destroy the Generator even come from?  Why cant the fight just be kill the enemy?  No need to add a pointless extra layer to it.   Killing your enemy is what these games are about, not killing his random alien artifacts that everyone seems to have and for some reason heavily rely upon.To top it off, the inability to change key bindings is just stupid.  Can the developers not even concieve of people wanting to change the layout for personal preference, or even people who need to change the bindings because of a handicap.It seems that so many aspects of this game were poorly thought out, and the game still seems very unpolished and incomplete.  Perhaps in time I will give the game another look, I hate to write off one of my favorite franchises too quickly, but as of now the game is not very good."
76561198051443578,Not Recommended,285190,31759872,Posted: 14 May,all,Raindogg,"campaing not interesting, multiplayer feels gimicky and unbalanced.Th lack of content will make you regard making the purchase.Developers prey for wh40k fans money."
76561198009312663,Not Recommended,285190,31424775,Posted: 28 April,all,Zapp Brannigan,"I'm a life long fan of the Dawn of war series. Its hard for me to say why I dislike this one. Maybe its such a departure for the previous titles and that its not what i was expecting. In the previous titles you cared about your units, this one you basically go through them like tissue paper. I get that thats a fundemental change, but its one i dislike. Most other titles had a major sense of progression, this one falls short (they do have one but compared to prvs games). All of this is subjective, and its worth stating that im glad they are still making dawn of war games and ill just have to wait for the next one. As for now ill go back to dark crusade or retribution."
76561198006640003,Recommended,285190,31425898,Posted: 28 April,all,Doc_Mortis,Really enjoying this so far way better than DOW2 and major improvement on DOW1.
76561198020005432,Not Recommended,285190,31759957,Posted: 14 May,all,Warmaster6,"Basically, it's a MOBA you control, so everything is difficult - not user friendly."
76561198082303286,Recommended,285190,31550189,Posted: 4 May,all,Riotyn,Fun game.
,Recommended,285190,31422036,Posted: 28 April,all,Xclusive,Haha! All the negative comments! THis game is great. People complaing because they was to skirmish to get good without ever playing multiplayer just can't handle pressure. The game is not that complicatedand I am having a blast SP and MP.
,Recommended,285190,31422765,Posted: 28 April,all,AhriXOXO,"Overall im really enjoying this game, there are some things missing but hopefully the devs will add them later (more structures, units, game modes like 2v2v2 and 4v4) and i would love to have Chaos marines, imperial guard, dark eldar, necrons and sisters of battle in the gameI would definately recommend this game if you have any interest in warhammer or RTS gamesFOR THE EMPEROR!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31469956,Posted: 30 April,all,Danwise Dangee,"EDIT: This is post-update Annihilation Mode.Game is no better, the entire game revolves around the mad rush to the central points, lose those? you've lost the game, quit and find a new game. The sheer amount of resources the enemy can field against you when you've lost the middle ground is ridiculous, you cannot EVER hope to recover once you've been knocked back. A lot of reviews mention the lack of strategic advantages such as cover, withdrawal, and suppression. And they're right, you've gotta take a PERK to give a Heavy Bolter squad suppression abilities, and even then it's an activated ability not a passive slowdown meaning yet more Micro in a confusing jumble of crap where your units will probably die to a single thrown rok from a weirdboy, because THAT'S fair.I would genuinely recommend this game to people who enjoy cutting their hands off and shoving them where the sun don't shine, because that's what it feels like playing this game, the occasional game goes well, then the rest are infuriatingly♥♥♥♥♥♥where you cannot defend from the horde of orks that slow your units, or the Assault Marines that somehow destroy everything you have, or the Eldar rangers that always stay JUUUUUUST out of range. NOTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IS FUN, NOT EVEN WINNING. I FEEL BAD WHENEVER I WIN BECAUSE I REMEMBER LOSING IN THE WAY THEY ARE LOSING, It's a terrible, irredeemably bad game. I hope Relic goes under for it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Having played a bit of the campaign, and a fair bit of multiplayer, I think I'm allowed to say that the unit management in this game is GODAWFUL. Units either do slivers of damage or completely vaporise units, there is no inbetween, and special abilities in units? good luck finding them in the middle of a fight. If there's more than 1 type of squad in a selection it hides all but the Elite's abilities. Want to time an awesome Flamer blast onto an approaching group? good luck finding the squad in the mess that is this game's visual style.Plasma Guns are OP, Whirlwinds with the flame trail upgrade are OP. Units sometimes lock up for no visible reason and refuse to co-operate with your rapid clicking to GET THEM OUT OF COMBAT OR THEY DIE. I mean, the guys with swords look friendly right?I want to like this game because I've always loved DoW games, but only 1 in every 4-5 games is enjoyable, the rest is painful, irritating, drivel.EDIT:Having played a bunch more of this game, my review is now even worse. After patches the game has devolved into power-punching your enemies before they power-punch you, no tactical element exists anymore as Team victories depend entirely on all 3 players pushing their armies into a single path so the opposition is overwhelmed with numbers before they can react, putting them on the backburner for the rest of the game. There is only 1 valid tactic, and that's be a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥to the opponents you're facing. No challenge, no enjoyment, no reason to play unless you're after making the game as unenjoyable as possible for your opponent.I don't get why the trend to modern gaming is heading towards ""screw over someone else for your personal enjoyment"", but DoW3 definitely pushes the trend heavily.There will be those who say Git Gud, or U Suk, and while that may be true, older classic games didn't leave me feeling like I'd wasted my time, or I was wrong for not wanting to completely curbstomp my opponent rather than have an equal chance of winning. After all what's the point in playing a game if you go in KNOWING you're gonna win?"
,Not Recommended,285190,31716789,Posted: 12 May,all,fly790420,"Pretty fun for a short while. However, the price tag does not justify the amount of content this game has. Also, just look at how fast the playerbase of this game is dying on SteamChart, not a good sign for a game that mainly focuses on multiplayer. Not recommended at full price or until they add more maps and races into the game. (I personally don't mind having only one mode, but 3 races and 8 maps are just not enough.) I played for a bit during beta, pre-ordered the game and hoping to at least see an awesome single-player campaign which turned out to be a glorified tutorial for multiplayer mode. So I refunded the game."
,Recommended,285190,31397589,Posted: 27 April,all,Roboute Guilliman,"Alrighty then, I'm going to list pros, meh and cons for the game, and explain why I give this a barely positive review.PRO- Modern Resolutions- Larger Paint Selection in Army Painter (outside of Dawn of War 1's spectrum changer)- Decent Multiplayer Balance- Non DLC Blood and Gore with physics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of blood and chunks of bloody bodies.- Solid Colors and decent texture resolutions- Decently well executed story elements (also seen in meh and cons as it's complicated)- Unique Factions and not just a Rock Paper Scissors layout with copy/pasted units like previous game.- Orks are the best and most unique faction in both mechanics and story.- Minimal Lore breaking (no space marines murdering SoB and IG, and no Primarch weapons or Custodes gear) In short, Goto was shown the door.MEH- Campaign writing overall is....meh.- Space Marines and Eldar are just bland and uninteresting.- I get they wanted to give us perspectives on all factions in campaign, but I'd wrather have had a Winter assault option with our choice of who to focus on out of 2 factions and the third tagging along as a background element.- Multiplayer isn't bad but it will get boring fast, like previous games there isn't much to do within the launch windows.- removal of sync kills and morale, both are not as serious as many expect and in some cases were easily exploited but eh would like them back.CONS- Lack of menu options or too simplified- No Patterns in Army Painter- No keybinds- No camera rotations- Forced to do a bleh campaign for all three factions broken up so lopsidedly.- community is full of over the top ragefest for nearly anything.I barely gave this game a pass because it really isn't all that bad, if there was a ""mixed"" option instead of a ""Recommend/Not Recommended"" I'd be mixed without a doubt.I feel the game could very much be better if the IG and chaos were put back in, it needs more factions to fill out the variety but I don't want a shoehorned faction for MP balance like Dawn of War 2: Retribution where we got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ result of imballance and exploits. I want to see a true expansion, similar to Dark Crusade where the campaign is more expanded and or free reign so we can go full on planet domination.There's a lot of crap people still to this day ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on, it's not a MOBA but it does take some inspirations from it, it's not dying though it could very easily slip below 400 if nothing comes out by october/novemer.It's just a ""meh"" game, I remember Dawn of War 2's launch and it was also Meh until♥♥♥♥♥♥got fixed the two vital updates fixed a lot of the problems. and of course last stands inclusion practically saved the game up until Dawn of War 2: Retribution."
,Not Recommended,285190,31475242,Posted: 30 April,all,KenXav,OMG GIVE MEH THE RECONNECT BUTTONNNNNNNNNN
,Recommended,285190,31609843,Posted: 7 May,all,VB_Tane,"Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War IIIIs a great RTS game. The core gameplay is very solid. From a PVP standpoint some balancing is required and relic is showing every intention of working on the balance. The graphics and sound are very modern and clean.The game is not a resource Hog though and playable on lower settings  for older PCs.There are some quality of life issues that do exist such as no keybindings, very simple server browser, campaign length padded by low resources, few multiplayer modes.  The one existing multiplayer mode is very fun though.   As far as I can tell the developer is willing to listen to fans and shows some intention to fix concerns."
76561198005691912,Recommended,285190,31473180,Posted: 30 April,all,fspicinin,"RTS was the genre that made want to buy a computer way back in Windows 95 era. I never pretty much cared for multiplayer because I was hooked in a time before internet or even easy LAN setup, so, for me, those games could have no multiplayer as long as it had a good campaign and skirmish AI.By the time the first DoW came the RTS genre was really staled and DoW1 brought a breath of fresh air with the Warhammer 40k setting, point capture system, several armies and the still “best expansion ever” Dark Crusade. Even Soulstorm was ok.By the time the DoW2 came the genre was pretty much death, being kept alive by Starcraft and Company of Heroes (that was pretty much DoW in WW2). Warcraft 3 was successful, but basically as a moding platform that spawned the first MOBAs. DoW2 lost a lot of its RTS rots and became almost an Action RPG, with few units and a loot system. That was to avoid being just a reskin of DoW1.Now the market is dominated by MOBAs, a child of the RTS genre, and DoW3 is drinking heavily from this fountain. This is not a bad thing, there are some things in MOBA that are good from a gameplay perspective. DoW3 is good and I am even enjoying the multiplayer. The campaign is linear, but let’s be fair, the fact that you can play with more than Space marines put it on top of basic DoW1 and DoW2 campaigns.The game is good … but it is not Dark Crusade. Dark Crusade will forever haunt DoW, or even the Wh40K franchise, because it was so good that raised the bar too high. I believe most of the flak DoW3 is talking is because of Dark Crusade. People (and I) just want an updated Dark Crusade and DoW3 is not it. But, as its own thing, DoW3 is very good and I recommend this game."
76561198006345788,Recommended,285190,31635690,Posted: 8 May,all,pac167000,"This game is pretty fun, I enjoy what its worth and if you like the warcraft stlye game play for RTS's then you will like this one alot."
76561198000250592,Recommended,285190,31604254,Posted: 7 May,all,kikaiderloveslala,"There's definitely potential, but there's too much grind to get Elites and good features from DOW 1 and 2 are gone.  As well there's still bugs to iron out (going through the Tutorial 1, 2 and 3 caused my keyboard configuration to change so that hot keys W,A,S,D became camera directions and the camera no longer scrolled with the mouse)Features that do not return:- Can't build turrets- No-Sync kills (kinda iffy, I kinda get it but it added a lot of flavour and ones from DOW1 were really brutal)- No item drops, one of the good things about DOW2 single-player was the artifact drops.- Even fewer units can to choose weapon load-outs (the Tactical Marine is the only SM that can choose.  It's between a flamer and plasma gun).  The flamer is even worse than usual, as it's now treated as a special ability rather than a real weapon.  Instead units are built as specialists within their specialty groups (Devastators with Lascannons or Devastators with Heavy Bolters) and like DOW2 the tanks can't alter their sponsoon cannons.So why am I recommending this game.  Well it's been so long since I had a Dawn of War and I didn't read anything about Sega interfering with Relic, so I'm hoping the game does well enough that they can go back to the drawing board and get some decent expansions to make up for the lacklustre campaign or fill in the issues that many are leery about."
,Not Recommended,285190,31422263,Posted: 28 April,all,SPUNKMYER,The game has only 3 factions! No doubt the rest will be sold to us for £20 a pop. if you think there is more content than the beta than your wrong (not including the campaign) .
76561198005244531,Recommended,285190,31438635,Posted: 29 April,all,[AJSA] Chaz Pounder,"I personally really like this game.Dont get me wrong, its by no means perfect, i didnt feel as connected to the characters as i did in DOW II and i think the campoain could have been better as its really a glorified tutoral to the 3 races which was a bit dissaapointing but still provided a challenge.I like the simplified menu but there is quite a lot of micro management which is a bit off putting at first but you get used to quickly.I suppose the biggest negative is the lack of content for the premium price tag, you only get 3 races, the solo campain and only 1, yes 1 multiplayer mode.Now im hoping this is just an agile product and they will be released soon in DLC, what wont be good is if they start charging £20 a pop for it. If that happens i will change it to not recommended but if some of it comes free then go for it, its a tough challenging game that you can have hours of fun with.if you are a casual player then i feel you will like this."
,Recommended,285190,31438824,Posted: 29 April,all,Xeos Celeres,"Years of waiting and it's here!Storyline: It could've been better and more immersive. You're not really attached to any protaganists or antagonists, and the war is... meaningless. 6/10Sound: Good effects and voice work. Well done. 7.5/10. Would be 9/10 if there was anything memorable with the music. Orks made me chuckle all the time! Love the Ork victory jingle too.Graphics: There are bugs. The game itself and the cinematics sometimes would run on low FPS when it's at the foreground. If I alt+tab and have another window ontop of the game/video, then it would run smooth at 70-120FPS. The game runs on borderless fullscreen, so alt-tab doesn't minimise the game. 6/10 because of the bugs. 9/10 if no bugs.Multiplayer: Epic wars. Need better chat and a ranked play. More maps or objectives would be great. I don't want modes because that would split the community. But instesad of a generator bash all the time, the maps could have different objectives. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,285190,31439969,Posted: 29 April,all,DCC,"It lacks so much content. The campaign is lackluster and boring. The controls are wonky and actually hard to get used to if you havent played some games requiring micro-managing skills. I can't wrap my head around the fact that they chose to put their main interest in multiplayer. Why? Previous games had very cool story and characters you can get attached to. This one has nothing. I just hope to get back to this after half a year or so, when all updates ar out, maybe some DLCs. Then it might be playable, but not now. Feels like I just wasted my money."
,Not Recommended,285190,31445255,Posted: 29 April,all,tidder,"feels like they took elements from popular games like League of Legends and put small bits of dow 1 init seems they said ""what's popular with the kids let's copy it to make $$"""
,Not Recommended,285190,31447480,Posted: 29 April,all,Tsukasa117,"God did I want to like this game but as an RTS as it is not it does not hold up I played the Beta and game extensive feedback but nothing outside the truly egregious problems. The Campaign was just dull and slow and theres nothing keeping you engaged with the heroes like the whole gear meta that DoW2 had. The multiplayer is very lacking in content only really 1 game type, if you play games with more then 3 players some of which only give you the option of 2 maps. Couple that with the fact that Doctrines(the way you progress and truly make your army function how you want them or making some units that at base are useless but once you get a certain Doctrine are amazing) being tied behind a drip feed of there ingame curreny that you can get from campaign or multiplayer does not feel good. Now the current issue in multiplayer is that anyone who has RTS experience and thus survives long enough all the game boil down to 'how fast can I get my Titan equivalent and steamroll' creating a boring scene at this time. Maybe there will be some amazing strats that come out of the community meta but as of right now its not worth $59.99 maybe $39.99. With some more content via maps, gametypes,more races, rebalancing of units and just letting everyone have doctrines from the jump and let cosmetics for units and player profiles being the extra goodie for people who really need that tangible reward."
,Recommended,285190,31650263,Posted: 9 May,all,Chewy,"First of all id like to say as a child i was a massive warhammer fan. i have played all of the previous DoW games.Pros: Love the new game mechanics. the game flows nicely and its completely skill dependent.Cons: Campaign is too easy even on the hardest difficulty. i feel the campaign is to tech you everything you need to know before playing multiplayer which brings me to my next point... there is only one online mode, WTF is that all about? also there are very few maps and theyre all very similar less than a month and the game is already feeling repetative.Conclusion: This game has the protencial to be very good! id like to see more single and multiplayer content and some more multiplayer modes. for example king of the hill could be a really fun idea?"
,Recommended,285190,31433681,Posted: 29 April,all,Xylek,"Played a decent bit in the beta, and the launch only impoved things. The campaign is enjoyable, and the multiplayer has a great overall feel once you get into it. Change isn't always bad."
,Recommended,285190,31437735,Posted: 29 April,all,The kipper man,"Ill start off with the negatives because thats what everyone seems to be focused on.1. If your looking for a dawn of war 1 with updated graphics, its not that2.if your looking for  dow 2 clone its not that either. (thank ****)3. i do miss wargear from number two and the brutal finishing moves. i feel like this was a missed opportunity with the kinda MOBA'esque layout. Something like DOTA could have been used as an example.On the plus side ive already pumped 20 hours into this game and really enjoying the campaign. Reminds me of the DoW 1 campaign, the orcs are particularly entertaining. I have been on and off the multiplayer between missions and i love it! There may be some balancing isseues but thats only to be expected in early release. Those who are saying theres no tactics are straight up lying, it might just not be the Company of heroes style tactics there used to.Ill also defend the graphical style as it looks beutiful on full graphics and in a world based on painted minitures i think the slightly painted look was a good design choice. It also makes it a little less killer on peoples systems.Honestly im having a great time online testing out my elties and new doctrines along with tactics to suite, build orders are still a think so theres enough there to keep me interested for a while!"
76561198017978545,Not Recommended,285190,31819647,Posted: 18 May,all,Penlith,♥♥♥♥ing system♥♥♥♥ing story♥♥♥♥ing UI
76561198027230013,Recommended,285190,31430282,Posted: 28 April,all,Anthony,"WELL WHAT CAN I SAY? its awesome. love the game mode and the units are really cool but needs more game modes, more maps, and more factions to play as still a fun game with beautiful graphics"
,Not Recommended,285190,31443126,Posted: 29 April,all,Tom A. Virus,"I could make along winded paragraph about this but Ill just say this:Amazing graphics and thats all it has, go play Dawn of War 1 & 2"
76561197997010345,Recommended,285190,31445180,Posted: 29 April,all,Hefe,The game is a good hybrid between Dow 1 and 2. The campaign is a bit lackluster compared to what I enjoyed back in Dark Crusade but the way the multiplayer plays is a lot of fun. Elites feel very fun but might need a little fine tuning. The effects in large battles are great to watch.  8 out of 10 would be my rating but I feel like it will only go up as balance is implemented and DLC with more factions is available.
76561198307711880,Not Recommended,285190,31435609,Posted: 29 April,all,DmonBlu,The game got too many damn bugs and crashes all the time. The multiplayer is sooo bad the crazy nerf Eldar received was extremely unneccessary. As an Eldar main I was hoping to get some easy wins and rank up cuz I was having a blast in the beta but now... I highly advise u not to buy the game and ask for a refund if u did reorder. SEGA did a very bad job balancing the game nerfing allthe OP stuff aint the way to fix it. The campaign is decent but I had a very hard time trying to win on Hard. I beat SC 2 campaign on Hard with ease but got rolled over in a 40 mins spam fest in JUST the 3rd mission lmao. I really dont understand why a MOBA can be so difficult and punishes noobs like cancer. SEGA needs to lower the difficulty if they want the game  to get big. People dont like hard MOBA and will prolly boycott it cuz they will get♥♥♥♥♥♥on every single damn game less they put lots of time into it to improve...
,Not Recommended,285190,31430295,Posted: 28 April,all,Burgermover,"First impressions are everything. If this game was released by a small indie studio, I'd say it was a passable RTS. This just isn't what I expected. Gameplay wise, it's an RTS, although a generic one. It is Warhammer, but the environment was bland, the graphics amateurish.. just really a sad effort overall. Come on Relic.. what the heck happened here? Immediate refund here.. I'll wait and see if this become a 'paid DLC'-fest, or if the devs/company actually finishes the damn game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31414813,Posted: 28 April,all,Deathly Rose,First of all let me say if you are thinking of buying this game because it says dawn of war 3 then you will be sadly mistaken because this is in fact more of a moba game than a warhammer 40k game also the mobs and basically every aspect of the game is nothing like the other 2 dawn of war games or hell even any of the other warhammer games
76561198042312962,Not Recommended,285190,31611657,Posted: 7 May,all,Mushu,"didnt like it because it wasnt fun period. same maps, same boring game mode, eventually at some point of the game you know when youve won or lost. its just all massive blobbing until someone gets their 9 or 10 point elite unit and sends it to nuke the enemy base with the biggest blob. boring. wish they put some real effort in to this"
76561197991730601,Not Recommended,285190,31614298,Posted: 7 May,all,MrVirole,"If steam had a great game guarantee, this would get returned.  Graphics are worse than DW2, campaign isn't as good as DW2 and you can't select a faction to play the campaign as like in DW1.  You are forced to play different factions some of which i hate."
76561198020581519,Not Recommended,285190,31669151,Posted: 10 May,all,lazyporter,"When this game was announced, I jumped out of my skin with exitement.Bought the game, waited with baited breath to play it while the download slowly scrawled across the screen.Played the campaign first, disapointed. Decided to do the skirmish and online, disapointed.Space marines are nothing but cannon fodder for which ever opponent you play against. Orks absorb bullets all day long while they pick their teeth with grass stalks. AI is rubbish, troops run past objectives, selected by you, and place themselves withing striking distance of any and all forms of opposition. Servitors in previous DOW games weren't automatically selected when you drag a box around a group of soldiers, this time they are more than willing to get stuck in, hoping to be recognised for bravery. Some weapon systems can wipe out entire buildings all by themselves, casualties can only be replaced while stood right next to a building. The health aura emitted from said buildings only works when it feels like. Resources are abismilly slow to build up, making it imposible to get boots on the ground fast enough, while the enemy streams over the threshold and batter your base into dust.In short, there is no balance, you as a player have to work miracles with hand puppets who refuse to engadge an enmy that is only a few paces away. You have to baby sit every single character. Simply put, there is no balance in the game.Would not recomend it."
76561197964401709,Not Recommended,285190,31414028,Posted: 28 April,all,Taghmata Omnissiah,"Where to begin? ....This game is NOT a Dawn of war title despite what sega and the devs tell you, and it's quite bad.It fails on so many levels that it's actually hard for me to explain, suffice to say that the epic feel of battles and engagements with your favorite warhammer 40K races and units is simply not there anymore.There is no customization of your troops who feel like worthless fodder to be thrown away at a whim in contrast to DoW II where losing a veteran squad or two was a serious blow to your forces. Cover has been removed from the game and many tactical options with it, flanking is gone as is hitting vehicles in rear armour, facing of heavy weapons and the retreat button. Also gone is the great musical score and voice acting that would accompany your victory's and defeats replaced with inept and sometimes laughable dialogue, ""die you commoners""...this was yelled by the imperial knight pilot when engaging a squad of orks..........There are also various other lore-defying immersion breaking things like a terminator doing backflips entire squads of tactical marines armed with plasma guns  or flamers.The new game mode ""power core"" is a bad joke which often leads to oneside battles being drawn out and favors almost a passive Blob up your forces and/or ""camping"" type approach, hugely different to the fast aggressive tactical gameplay of point control which featured in DoW II.I believe DoW II was/is a far superior game to the original dawn of war which was good in it's time but by todays standards is a muddled chaotic mess. It's gameplay was rendered obsolete once the mechanics of company of heroes were developed.And so here we have the problem, all the nostalgia sick fools that were calling for DoW to be taken back to the originals gameplay style have had a hand in this ABOMINATION of a game, it has far more in common with the first game than it does with DoW II. This is the devs attempt to make a Dawn of war 1-like game for the current times yet they even fail at that as a DoW1 reskin would have been better.Now we wait and see if the series dies with this game which it probably will or if it does survive somehow, will the next game we get be a continuation of the excellence that was found in Dawn of war II? Will we ever have....RETREBUTION!?"
76561198005413356,Not Recommended,285190,31677995,Posted: 10 May,all,The Dementation,"Since the last patch the game is now unplayable. The patch forced my game to start on my 2nd monitor and after contacting support (which was on another website - steam by law must support any game they sell), I have now tried -usemonitor X which switches to my primary monitor.However it now wont fun in proper full screen mode, so all of the icons get pushed off the screen. I run 1920x1200, and there are no other 1920xBLAH resolutions to change to.The gameplay has still been dumbed down from Dow1 so now it plays more like Dow2 which was crap. And the icing on the cake, you cant rotate the camera. I even looked past the fact you cant keybind anything. This game is all graphics and no depth. And now it says there is an error saving my review. Like steam is trying to stop me from posting."
76561198119138458,Not Recommended,285190,31449633,Posted: 29 April,all,BattleStudies83,"Honestly, I feel like Relic is losing its way with the DoW series. DoW1 was amazing and the replay value is through the roof. Good strategy game. This? Relic jumped on the MOBA bandwagon enough to where I requested a refund. I'll recheck on this game in 6 months, but for now, I'll be Necron-ing in DoW1."
76561198006417871,Not Recommended,285190,31411626,Posted: 28 April,all,AlmostAverage,Pretty much made a game that has both aspects of Dawn of war and starcraft but not as good as either.
,Not Recommended,285190,31399954,Posted: 27 April,all,Sgt Gregg,"I literally only played the first tutorial mission. This entire statement will sum up the game:Are you a StarCraft 2 fan who wishes that it was more 40Kish? Well ♥♥♥♥ you piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for not knowing any ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥about any ♥♥♥♥ing thing in the ♥♥♥♥ing universe.If you're a 40K fan, you will be super annoyed the whole time. I actually do not recommend this. Relic ♥♥♥♥ed up everything.Edit: After trying multiplayer, it is essentially DotACraft 2: 40K"
76561198031316335,Not Recommended,285190,31396451,Posted: 27 April,all,Creedition,this feels like Dota with starcraft element. and the graphics feels like starcraft 2 too.and currently the UI for your unit is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. if you buy too much unit your battle group number will be covered by the overlaping unit icon and wtf is this single unit in multiple battle group bull.tho overall is okay.... just okay tho.wont really recommand it even if... you like dawn of war 2 or even dawn of war:DC
76561198006554812,Not Recommended,285190,31505034,Posted: 2 May,all,edwin.leunissen,"Where the first 2 dawn of wars kept me playing and playing for hours and days in a row, this games makes me stop after 30-60 minutes. It is just that bad.in short like so many said, Warcraft 3 with 40k skin (and even the skin is bad)does not give the 40k feeling in terms of look and playstyle.The 60 euro I spent on this game is a total loss and I should have listen to my gut feeling when I played the demo."
76561198368111100,Not Recommended,285190,31755321,Posted: 14 May,all,apalamen,1 of 5 stars.  Not like any other Dawn of War.  It's like a slug fest arena type game.  Who designed this?  Please fire them and hire someone who understands RTS...  played 1 hour... shelved... don't waste money on this one.
76561198018534779,Not Recommended,285190,31496207,Posted: 1 May,all,Kayaten,"I like MOBAs, this is a bad MOBAI like RTS's, this is a bad RTSI like 40k, this is some lame 40k"
76561198048358658,Recommended,285190,31546643,Posted: 4 May,all,bjbmbc2,"Disclaimer: I have enjoyed Warhammer 40k since a child: tabeltop game for a short while and reading some of the Horus Heresy Series + other novels.I think this game is very visually appealing. The ability system with the elites makes the fights more entertaining, whereas in previous DoW games the combat was all around too clunky for me. I have heard complaints about Eldar being a bit overpowered; I would probably agree with that. I think that the pace in the early game needs to be fixed. Too often it seems like there is a 5+ min. lul in the game where everyone is just sitting back waiting on reinforcing their army. I think the respawn timer for elites should be shorter; when your elites are dead you basically feel like you would rather leave the game or go to the bathroom than waste your time pushing your units into the enemy's elites.There should be a way to get a strong enough advantage early that you can end the game. At the moment, every single game is 30-45min long. There isn't a surrender feature. Supposedly this is coming soon, but I think it is a big letdown that the devs let such an awkwardly paced game not have a surrender option.I don't like that some games (that were 25+ minutes long) you don't even get to use all 3 elites. I recognize that it is recommended to have a range of low, med, high elite point costing elites, but I think it is poor design that you could pick 3 elites that each cost 9, 9, and 10 points, and never be able to use more than one of them. Note: I tried using space marines with elites costing 4, 6, and 10, and I was never able to use the elite that costed 10.I am rating this game 3 stars: visually 5/5, gameplay entertainment potential 4/5, pace 1/5.If you are a fan of WH40k at all, I highly recommend this game, it really is quite fun to watch even while you're losing. If not, I would wait until there is a confirmed Surrender button and other news related to improvement in the pace of the game."
,Recommended,285190,31496643,Posted: 1 May,all,cowboyB,"Solid RTS,  very good and fun.  There is a lot for possible competitive seen.  Not even close to being a MOBA.  My one complaint is the lack of content."
,Not Recommended,285190,31411617,Posted: 28 April,all,Lucky_Shooter,Sloppy and slow. Not the Dawn of War 2 part 2 we wanted.
,Not Recommended,285190,31412416,Posted: 28 April,all,ResidualError,"So I have spent some time with this and realised that it is a game not really being able to be summed up with a thumbs up or thumbs down.It takes parts of DoW and DoW II and mashes them together, which gives the gameplay a rather ""shallow"" feel in the campaign. The campaign (whilst I have not finished it yet) has an interesting storyline, nothing amazing, but enough to follow along with. It does feel out of place though, perhaps something more suited for an action game, not an RTS. No more conquering as well, which seems to be the most popular part (was mine) of the original Dawn of War 1 series (Dark Crusade).What makes the game interesting is the multiplayer. It has a strong MOBA feel to it, with more base building, and the 3v3 games feel frantic, in a good way. It is entertaining and I am sure I will sink a good few more hours into it.But it is recommendable? Not as a Dawn of War game (and at full retail). If this were released under a new title it would probably be received more kindly and I would have given it a thumbs up. I know I will spend the time exploring it, but I can't see myself spending the amount of time I have spent in Dark Crusade or Soulstorm, conquering territories with each race. And after doing this recently in Total War: Warhammer I was geared up to do the same or similar in the 40K universe, but I feel let down."
76561198008141589,Recommended,285190,31412385,Posted: 28 April,all,Jack,"Fantastic game despite all the hate its getting, Cant wait to finally get playing again. -Being adult sucks."
76561198058690057,Not Recommended,285190,31722538,Posted: 13 May,all,Hornet,Poorthe story feels the samethe online only has one game typeand the balancing feels offit needs a expantion quickly
76561198007289136,Not Recommended,285190,31395298,Posted: 27 April,all,johnny6973,"I'm just going to warn potential buyers away for now. As of today I have completed one mission on single player and I have 4 seperate instances where the game has frozen up on loading screens. For the price tag, you should expect something like this not to happen. I don't have problems with games.As of now I am considering a refund. I don't pay 60 dollars to watch loading screens then crash messages."
76561197996697822,Recommended,285190,31450814,Posted: 29 April,all,bbeeyy,"This game is fantastic.  Story, gameplay, humor and big battles all satisfy my love for RTS as my favorate type of PC games. I am and old school RTS guy playing these games for 30 plus years (c&c, Starcraft, Warhammer, etc..) and I must say this game takes its place along side the greats.  Hats off to the developers for getting it right.  Only critisim I would add is the lack of cover system for infantry (light/heavy cover) in the environment. This was a good and realistic part of the old games and should be added in the next release/expansion.  All in all, dont listen to the haters, If you love RTS and warhammer you will love this game.  9/10, a must buy."
76561198060501129,Recommended,285190,31479267,Posted: 30 April,all,Murlock,"IGNORE EVERYONE PUTTING A THUMBS DOWN!This game is AMAZING! If you are wanting a Dawn of War Game, then THIS IS THE GAME. It takes WHAT WAS BEST of Dawn of war 1 and 2, and put them together into something AMAZING!However, ITS HARD TO GET GOING! The game is rly had to play, and so people put a thumbs down because they lost in a match, or they just keep on losing.BUY THIS GAME.Mulitplayer is fun and feels like a entire War instead of a battle. Building up your base, army, to get into a massive conflict, to build a sub base to defend a point to lose it, and to take another! Its so much fun!Trust me, this is a fun game."
76561198068549381,Recommended,285190,31528344,Posted: 3 May,all,Bad Luck,"Seems to be a lot of hate from the community, no surprise to me. Look I'll keep it real for you. This game isn't like DOW1 or DOW2. Does that make it a bad game? No, I don't think so. Even as big of a fan I am of DOW1, I still like DOW3. I do like the elite units added, the campaign has been very fun and hard to beat (I play on hardest difficulty). Do I like the game, yes. It is fun as long as you understand its a different game, a lot of hardcore fans to the others but did you really think DOW 3 was going to be the same? Like come on, DOW1 and 2 were different games. I say to all who are interested in this game to just get it. I have read a lot of negative comments about the races but truth be told this may not be the most fun DOW but I DO THINK this is by far the most balanced. Read a comment earlier how Mecha Eldar leader is too weak cause she can't take hits like the Tank Ork general you get, o jeez idk TANK?! Mecha is a spell caster who uses her spear on a group of infantry and then uses her 2nd move to explode her spear whereever it is at, completely destroying a whole squad of infantry in 2seconds. Weak?!?! HA These people are so blinded by their hate of it being DOW1 or 2 that they can't even enjoy the good things this game does. BUY the game for yourself, I haven't been disappointed"
76561198004272807,Recommended,285190,31672964,Posted: 10 May,all,ReveNant.-,"Always loveed the DOW series...they tried something new...and I think it worked really really well. It's kinda different but all in all, it's great fun and I will have some amazing hours with it :)For the emporer !!!!!"
76561198095081092,Recommended,285190,31589910,Posted: 6 May,all,gabet3a,10/10Would smash into a planet with my ship again.
,Recommended,285190,31485800,Posted: 1 May,all,Mordric,this review is made mainly to point out that 90% of the negative reviews are people who didnt get what they where hyped for or what they expected the game to be or is not what they got rather than look at what the game does goodwhile the game may seem incomplete and shallow the balance is great the game mode makes you wanna fight till the end rather than leave when your base is dead since you will lose long before that happens or around the same timethere is a point in using all units in different ways and placement means alotbase is important but wont ruin you if you dont focus itpoints are both easy to contest and defend depending on how both side go about itsingleplayer is decent but not impressive or atleast iam not impressed *personal opinion*at the time of this review this game is getting too much hate from one side and love from the other making reviews unreliable find someone you know who has played it and honestly looked at it before he gave his opinion and ask him how it is or give it a try if you get the chanceand dont make a review if you have played less than 5 matches its very silly telling people about something you barely have a clue about
76561198010820391,Recommended,285190,31750214,Posted: 14 May,all,Death_Gauge,"Quite a good game all in all. The campaign is story rich which has been pretty interesting to follow and culminates in a really cool boss fight. The campaign is not so easy that you pass every level first time, but not so difficult that you will struggle.I would only recommend this if you have a decent spec graphics card as with a moderate to high graphics rating really punishes the PC. The small textured models and explosions alongside the detailed screnery is really good if you have the capabilities for it.There are a couple of smaller issues, like the fact it doesnt autosave during missions and you can't seem to skip any minor cutscenes at the beginning of each game which makes dying even more punishing. And obviously there are a couple of bugs that they are ironing out but nothing that stops the game being playable.I've yet to try the multiplayer, but it does feel like it needs some more customisations. The perks for the heros and armies are ok, and it took me a while to discover how to purchase units and perks with skulls. Again iwth Dawn of War however I feel I am trying to micromanage everything on the battlefeild which is very hard with armies like orcs. Constantly switching between units to use skills and redirect them to the correct place, heroes wont go and auto attack units that are shooting at them from range, likewise with melee, so in big campaign fights you are bleeding units that are away from your focus because they are being mowed down by long ranged anti-infantry without much warning. The Eldar skimmers are particularly brutal at this against your buildings and vehicles (they just stand there and take it).My major fear, as with all warhammer ganmes, is the greed of the dev companies when they release £20 -15 patches for a single race with 4 missions on a campaign. Or the infamous ""blood effect"" pack which was an insult on the previous games. So for now Ill keep a happy mind that once they get this nailed down there will be more to come. The best thing about the previous dawn of war was the mutilplayer arena idea with (dare I say it ) purchaseable wargear.But yeah, worth it for a fan of the games."
,Not Recommended,285190,34415173,Posted: 22 August,all,█,"Sorry but no. Game designers really tries to walk on thin line between different genres. They work hard, really do. But from what I've seen for 2 hours in campaign and multiplayer... just buy SC2 for that. But if you want space marines - no brainer must buy, good graphics and 40K feel is here.Refunded. For me totally not worth full/half price, maybe I'll buy it again on sale, 80% would be ok for me."
,Not Recommended,285190,31906576,Posted: 22 May,all,Zalatuna,Bad Game MechanicNo Balance Unit
,Not Recommended,285190,34414107,Posted: 22 August,all,Actual Aleks,"Enticed by Steam to buy it through a -50% coupon, 40 mins later uninstalled and refund requested. Simply not Dawn of War. This game is a MOBA wolf dressed in an RTS sheep's clothing.The way the models look and move just irritates me, on top of everything else. Plasticine Marines that run like they aren't even wearing 6 tons of ceramite power armour, all sense of scale gone I just... No.I tried, out of love for the 40K universe and love for previous DoW games but alas. I tried and I failed to enjoy any aspect of this game.GW maybe start to listen to your customers?Hahaha why would you do that!?"
,Not Recommended,285190,31944104,Posted: 24 May,all,sofiyachan,"It's lovely, certainly. I did the multipayer tutorials and found the new system strange, overly linear and, just, uninviting. I don't play multiplayer DoW save for skirmishes, so fine. I would like to hear more of the campaign story, follow the latest desperate feats of the Blood Ravens, but : no autosave in missions measn I have to replay 30 minutes of mildly tedious castle walking each time I fail to keep my idiot units alive, who I cannot heal or reinforce easily, so they die quite alot. To try again at the lower difficultly I would have to do the same rewalking as the saves are per difficulty.I'm pretty terrible at micromanagement and have always found it unpleasant in games. Having five unit types and trying to remember all of their special abilities and trigger them ... though they now use the same QWE keys I suppose. That just means J isn't jump and my assault marine unit dies again instead of jumping to a healing potion 10 meters away.All in all not a good hour spent. I don't regret the purchase (I'll buy the next one too), but won't play this again unless the mechanics are improved to make it a bit more feasible I can progress the story without so much frustration. Back to DoW (Dark Crusade and Soulstorm mostly) for me."
76561198006523953,Not Recommended,285190,31746915,Posted: 14 May,all,Seafus,"Starcraft w/Warhammer skins, not a DoW game"
76561198013315296,Not Recommended,285190,32541153,Posted: 18 June,all,Lord Bale,I had such hi hopes for this game i thought {FINALLY A NEW DAWN OF WAR THAT LOOKED AT THE TIME AMAZING}..then as time went on and i discovered more about it i started to kinda dislike the direction it was going but i thought...to hell with that!! im a loyal dow player and warhammer fan ill at least give it a shot.............OMG!!!!! they messed this up hard and when i say hard i mean this game is lacking so much content its UNBELEAVEABLE!!!! honestly the main storys where unique and diffrent but utterly kinda boreing and to be honest not that engaging then theres the multiplayer...IM NOT EVEN GOING THERE!!! lets just say they Royally insulteed fans when they made this crap more like L.O.L .....alll and all this game was crap if they keep releaseing games like this i will never buy a single one from them again....dont get me wrong there was alot about this game i did like but the bad VASTLY outway the good....
,Not Recommended,285190,33959959,Posted: 1 August,all,Pasgen,"I didn't enjoy this game. Played the first DoW-games for hundreds of hours (on disk), and this is quite simply nothing like it.Its nothing like DoW2 either, if you wanted a game like that. I played that one abit too, but while the campain was pretty fun, the multiplayer was horrible and it felt nothing like a DoW-game. It should have had another name, not piggybacked on DoW1, and it would have been perfectly fine.DoW3 is sadly more of the same. It is nothing like what anyone asked for, if you liked the original DoW, or DoW2. It simply mashed some bits from 1 and 2 together, and hoped for the best.So you have basebuilding again! Congratulations! Sadly, the maps are so small, and you only go in one direction to find the enemy, oh and in the main gamemode each player starts off with turrets defending their lane, and must defend a power core... Come tell me again how this isn't a MOBA? Okay, so defending the power core, you know what, I can dig that. It isn't too different from your HQ in basically every other RTS. Starting off with majorly powerful turrets situated on the lanes that go directly to your opponent though? WHY?! Just give me the option to build defensive buildings where I want them, and the choice of IF I want to build them!!! And maybe not make the maps so goddamn straight.Okay, so armies! You can have an actual army. Unit upon unit, set on glorious mayhem!But! keep in mind, all of them have abilities you need to use, and if you don't use them, you don't generally stand a chance. So say goodbye to macroing, and hello to a migromanagement purgatory worse than starcraft 2.You capture points on the map for resources, and place listening posts on top of them for added defence and higher production. Fans of the series will know of this. However, since you're basically only fighting in one direction, attacking weakly defended points isn't really a thing anymore. There is no going around their defences. If you're winning, this simply means you pushed your enemy back off towards their end of the map and you control more points, more resources, and will probably win.They even removed the cool death animations from the previous games. Now it's just like any standard game, your unit swings its blade, their unit dies, with seemingly no interaction. There used to be a time when your unit would put a little effort in its killing, and force its chainblade down into the gut of an Ork. and it was wonderful. Sometimes this might mean the unit overstayed its welcome, and would suffer a similar death, but damn it, its supposed to be a messy wargame in a brutal sci-fi universe.And then of course we have the story mode! Oh, the story mode! I didn't get far in it, I gave up on the game fairly quickly after all, but what I did play... For one thing the missions seemed very linear, and while you have a base, in the few missions I did play you never actually played around your base and build it up. You bought some units with limited resources and then walked off to trigger the next event on the map. Might as well not have HAD a base really, the way it played.And then there is the failed attempt at making the story of the different races interact with each other. How do they do this? Between every story mission, you switch from playing one race to the other, and then switch again next mission, making for a jumbled mess. Each time you learn a little more about how to play the race, in a ""HEY LISTEN!"" sorta way. So the story is literally just a long, poorly managed tutorial for the multiplayer, with nearly no customisation, and few real options in how to beat your opponent. You just gotta use the units the game wants you to, and micro your way to victory.So really, I think DoW3 is a straight out bad game as it is. It requires way too much effort to play efficiently for an average player, and you spend more time being stressed out than having fun. And even worse, it has nothing to do with the Dawn of War franchise. This... this is something else. Its based on Warhammer 40k, and that is all this has in common with DoW1 and 2. Relic just slapped the name on it to hook in people like me. And I'm a little disgusted by it.Don't buy this game. If you want a similar experience that works, go play Starcraft 2. If you want a fun RTS with Warhammer 40k, play DoW1. If you want DoW2... well♥♥♥♥♥♥ you're out of luck then."
76561198078210670,Not Recommended,285190,34497881,Posted: 25 August,all,/pol/tergheist,"UI: garbage- the buttons feel terrible- rotating units in the painter is lagged (not system lag, but seemingly intentionally delayed response)- everything feels like its just thrown all over the placeGameplay: honestly not fun, can't get past the UI- why am i unable to pan the camera with wasd?Graphics: mixed bag- the aesthetics and the atmosphere are on point- i cant put my finger on it, but the units are not enjoyable to watch as they were in DoW1."
,Not Recommended,285190,32092827,Posted: 31 May,all,Jas,"1st to DOW series ,personal feeling the play style for PVP objective is like MOBA , the unit control and building is like starcraft .for the story mode , i feel very bored and no cut scene or video to view while playing on it , which make the whole story mode very boring and not exiciting .but for the pvp multiplayer mode i am quite happy with it which can allow me to build army and control epic heroesgiving a 5.5/10 score to the game due to the pricing does not worth as what the game brings me to"
,Not Recommended,285190,31399928,Posted: 27 April,all,Gnarly,"It just isn't Warhammer 40K or Dawn of War anymore. It's something Blizzardy.If you are reading this you have probably heard the word MOBA associated with this game and I can to some extent agree. The way multiplayer is done (played Beta) it is very MOBA-like with lanes and towers and shield generator that needs to be destroyed first etc etc. But the most MOBA-like thing are the heroes, once you have your heroes the regular troops just feel like minions that the heroes can gobble down. The feeling of a great RTS is gone (I have played all DoWs, SCs and even played WC3 on extremely high level).Bsides that a few bugs (couldn't save graphics settings) and some glaring misses (can't change keybindings) and the extremely linear campaign where you are forced to play all races instead of choosing one is making it impossible to give a good grade for this game.Can't recommend it for the price."
76561197993030322,Recommended,285190,31440906,Posted: 29 April,all,zGeneral,Do not understand why all this hate!I played lots of DoW2 with my brother 2v2. It was great fun. We are now Having a blast with this oneNo regret. Highly recommended for RTS fans
76561198066661056,Recommended,285190,31410836,Posted: 28 April,all,Tron,"Amazing, the perfect warhammer game. The campaign was fun and long. It provided ample challenges and was a great way to gear up for the multiplayer. Multiplayer is a little repetitive right now, but I imagine with the release of more maps and some DLC it will liven right up. The platform is solid, I have no issues runnng the game, the graphcs are good to the scope. If they continue to release content, it should replace SC2 for me. Keep up the good work Relic and bring me some new races and content.10/10 space marine arms ripped off.Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh"
76561198019783452,Not Recommended,285190,31395576,Posted: 27 April,all,DrBad,"Every unit need to perform a gaddamn skill to be useful, I feel like controlling two teams of moba heroes.Isn't the point to have different unit for contering different situation in a RTS?Why add another layer?Whos your target audience?"
,Recommended,285190,31538589,Posted: 4 May,all,>>Samurai <<,"its a fun game , needs more but its a fun game and the missions is really good."
,Not Recommended,285190,31399971,Posted: 27 April,all,Midknight Battler,"Worse RTS game i have ever played. The whole game mechanic is entirely broken. Units die in a split second, the game is highly limited, no room for strategy what so ever. The Cover system is not even a cover system, its a camping system. You will find yourself unable to attack because everyone is camping. Once you take half the map, the other opponent will just sit it out. Its a rubbish game full of imbalance and bugs. Units die so fast, you get punished even if you have even the slightest lag. There isnt enough variety in the game to adopt any sort of different strategy, its a monstrosity of an RTS game. Everything from the gameplay to the graphics is a nightmarish joke. DONT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198007952756,Recommended,285190,31459124,Posted: 30 April,all,Waaagh-Nippa,"Great game! If you love 40k buy it, we do not get many AAA games set in the warhammer universe (best universe) so we need to support Relic to make sure we get more in the future."
76561198118714223,Recommended,285190,32162809,Posted: 3 June,all,Nubbly The Moist,"This is a hard game to rate...Is it a fun game? Yes.Is the game well made? Absolutely.Does the game look good? Yup.Is this a game that the player base wanted? Not at all.Sadly this game suffers from sharing the same name as the previous installments without the gameplay that made the series a classic. Although this is WH 40k, It does not feel like a Dawn Of War game. The developers can design and create whatever game they feel like, and that is their right. But take witness to what happens when you go off on a new path, regardless of the players desire. The dedicated fans are torn between the game they have and the game they want.This game is good, but not great, and certainly not what was wanted by the players.I have high hopes that the people who put their time and effort into this creation want to see it flurish, and so I give it a good recommendation. Although, only time can tell if they will expand upon this devistating start.Also, only one game mode upon release? What were you guys thinking!Rating put to numbers: 8/10"
76561198084747778,Recommended,285190,31411164,Posted: 28 April,all,Thunderhawk270,"I absolutely love this game!The campaign was a blast for me from the start to the end.I have played the multiplayer for quite a bit of time and I enjoyed playing it with some of my friends.The graphics were spot on and looked beautiful 9/10The sound was amazing especially for the Orks 8.5/10I will spare you too much detail and just say this is not DoW 2 and this is not Dawn of Dota.You dont even notice the ""Elements"" they added in all you do is concentrate on the battle and blowing everything up.It plays alot like Company of Heroes 2 and I love it.I enjoy DoW 3 as I am a HUGE RTS fan and I hope they release DLC's for this game because it is absolutely amazing to me."
,Not Recommended,285190,31399899,Posted: 27 April,all,Impulse,Immediate uninstall.
,Recommended,285190,31497231,Posted: 1 May,all,BloodAngel500,"its not as bad as many make out. i'm enjoying it. its faults are - there are only 3 factions to start with - and the campaign is a little short, not enough of it. - good points - graphics are not bad, voice acting not too bad, and it feels fairly polished.its kinda dawn of war but not really. i would wait till it goes on sale before buying OR wait still some Campaign expansion packs"
76561198006525023,Not Recommended,285190,31637624,Posted: 8 May,all,Bandog,If I wanted to play DOTA I would play DOTA.  How can you screw up Warhammer?  Idiots.
76561198006889221,Recommended,285190,31478267,Posted: 30 April,all,eckimus99,"I thought this was a good combination of the older DOW games and DOWII. Graphics, gameplay, and story line are solid. I think my only dislike is not being able to play one races story arc alone but thats not to bad considering the story line itself is classic dark dystopia. Overall if you like 40k theres something you will like in this game, and you can get it for cheaper then an actual landraider haha!"
76561198008382277,Not Recommended,285190,31408021,Posted: 27 April,all,Caput Lupinum,I really miss the loot drops and the customization. The multiplayer maps are tiny and should be at least 4 times as large. The main campaign is simple and boring.
76561198010827376,Not Recommended,285190,34462067,Posted: 24 August,all,dwhiteman2,absolute junk. they have taken a good series of games and ruined them.
76561198008767991,Recommended,285190,31800899,Posted: 17 May,all,Nero,"I play the game for Multiplayer.I like the fast paced style. While theres obvious current balance issues, Im sure they will be ironed out in time.I've played through the single player on hard, and found it very easy to play and did not have much depth, so if you plan on buying this game, I would buy it with a view to learn and play multiplayer, as that is where the fun and competition is.Dont pay too much attention to alot of the bad reviews on this game, alot of people are whining about the visuals and hoiw its ""different"" from the previous games. I find this game great in its own right, And i've played ALOT of dow 2 and dow 1.If you want remastered versions of those, dont look here, its a new game with new features and plays completley different from its predesesors."
76561198043001195,Not Recommended,285190,34351736,Posted: 19 August,all,Pumma,i love dow1 and 2 but this just SUCKS.  honestly seems like no effort was put into this game its one to avoid.
,Recommended,285190,31788643,Posted: 16 May,all,Konky Donk,"First of all, if you've played the last two games and their multitude of expansions and are still jealously clinging onto the nostalgia of pouring firepower into a Wraithlord while it's invulnerable due to a lengthy sync kill or Idrick Boreale saying something about ""stehl rehn"", then I suggest you take your asses back to the other games.For everyone else, here's a review.Ok, yes, it's not all good. A fourth race at the start would have been nice as well as an updated version of the Last Stand. The single player is a little lacking (but not without its good moments) and, spoilers, the Daemons could have used a bit more variety. (Come on Relic, Slaanesh is combat heavy too!)That said, what we got is nice refresh to the series. While it lacks some merits of the last two games, I believe it more than makes up for these detriments by being rather easy to pick up and play. Workshop content is supported, meaning it won't be long until we see returning maps from the series polished for this new game, which is more than I can say for the last two games.Don't be dissuaded by the reviews if you've only just gotten into the series, the character portrayal is decent and, in the case of the Orks, will keep you smirking at the sheer patheticness of Grots at the least. Gameplay is somewhat balanced, though Relic has time to make a tweak or two here or there before the second expansion comes out.Multiplayer keeps the objectives simple, no losing to an opponent simply because he's 20 levels higher than you, whose troops are tougher than yours by 600hp or so, it all comes down to the elites you pick and how well you coordinate your army to cover their weak spots (Wraithknights go down fast under sustained Shadow Spectre fire, pass it on), there's a staple on destroying shield generators, destroying turrets and popping the core at the heart of an enemy base, but managing your resources and choosing when and where to deploy your elites is paramount too if you want to win games.For those fearful of those who tote elite skins and strange doctrines, elite grinders are a thing, and honestly they work rather well. Grab some from the workshop, train those squads and abuse the hell out of the Ven. Dread's passive.Plasma for days."
76561197990596197,Recommended,285190,31762160,Posted: 14 May,all,The Shuma,"A great game that's georgous with fun mechanics. Ignore the haters. They said the EXACT SAME STUFF about Dawn of War 2 and suddenly that game is sacred to them. I just ignore Steam community reviews in general because of people like them. This game has a high skill cap, a lot of personality, tons of content, and there is nothing else like it out there right now."
76561198002461925,Recommended,285190,31870578,Posted: 20 May,all,Porkibus,"<--- Member of the silent majority.DOW3 has been a lot of fun so far.  The campaign game is good. The races are quite different from each other  and are fun to use.I play MP only with a group of friends so don't play PUG's. So far DOW3 has been really good in MP. Have not had any connection problems or crash to desktop.I do own both DOW 1 & 2, with all expansions, DLC.  Played hundreds of hours on both of those. They are good in their way and are fun.DOW3 is very good in it's way.  DOW3 is NOT 1 or 2. It's unique. There is a learning curve. It's challenging....and it's fun!"
76561198018145008,Recommended,285190,31449445,Posted: 29 April,all,TAZADAR101,"Dawn of war III is my new favorite in the series. In Dawn of war I you claimed req points and built power at your base. Units were easily spammed without drastic reprocautions for simply creating the same necron infantry over and over or respective bread and butter per faction. In Dawn of war II, there was less down time that was much approved with power and req points instead of a large focus on base building. Players were rewarded for utilizing a variety of units to complete and counter tasks as each one was met. However, with the drasticaly spread out hot keys for abilities, I found myself using assault marines and warp spiders less frequently to avoid jumping across my keyboard to use the ability during fights. After leveling units to 4 and your commander to 10 it was easy to deathball into an enemy force and destroy your foe with ease taking a degree of enjoyment our of multiplayer. Matches felt frustrating and there was little room for a comeback.I feel the Dawn of war III mixes the prior and adds to the new to iterate further upon the req point formula while introducing mechanics from other genres to in order to create a less frustrating experience that contains suprising depth.Dawn of war III mixes dow2's capping system of power and req points with the style of dow1 utilizing listening posts and generators. However, instead of using a listening post for furthering a resource cap, it is presented as a standard option. Listening posts are now used as fall back points and a means to defend resources from invaders seeking to plunder from your spoils of war.wargear may be almost nonexistent but variety lives on in Dawn of war III through the Doctrine system. Doctrines are modifications you can choose for your army  in order to help players truly play the way they want. Want infantry focus with the eldar, choose the dire avenger sheild buff and the webway holo field to reward smart placement of your webway and easy mobility for hit and run strikes while taking less losses from engagments. Want a more killy Deff Dread with da Orky bits? Use a doctrine to give your dreads a AOE slow and damage field and heal on looting doctrine to allow flexible salvage and easy recovery for your vehicles. Doctrines are a means to enhance gameplay and essentially replace wargear from Dow II.Whem I hear players say "" Dow I had a larger unit cap"" no... not unless you mod it. Dawn of war III has the highest initial unit cap of the series at 250 units. You can have a quarter of any given space marine chapter as opposed to a single company in dow1. The scale is larger than ever unless you modded dow I to have warhound Titans. Dow I was never balanced until modding and soulstorm were really it's small saving grace much like the initial release of Dow 2 where vehicles took forever to die at over 10k hp! Dow III feels fair and balanced upon release, you're just drastically punished for poor unit management and need to have the capability to macro and micro like Starcraft. This game wasn't intended for competetive play but it would be the best in the series aside from the standalone DLC of dow2, Retribution.The campaign isn't meant for veterans of the series and that isn't entirely a issue. Dawn of war III may be more inclusive but I still found enjoyment through the campaign, granted I felt that I had little time to play space marines compared to other factions. Yet I still find extreme enjoyment from every mission from the hero only all forces must survive missions where you're wondering if you will have enough hp to continue on. Management of elites is rewarded but there are specialty units like shadow spectars to counter elites. Cover them and you will be rewarded.While I wish Dow III had last stand which is the main source of longevity for Dow II, I'm glad I can choose yet again to fight AI with friends and have a good time.I think this game is recieving much unwarranted negativity for smaller issues such as textures compared to dow II or how again wargear options are limited.Overall, I think Dow III is my favorite in the series but I wish it had Last stand like Dow II. If Last stand was implemented then please include every Elite unit Relic becuase laienating certain elites or heros like in Dow II will not make the game as enjoyable. I'd like to see a knight, a farseer and the big mek working together to support eachother for various roles."
,Recommended,285190,31981103,Posted: 26 May,all,Skillionaire,"If you don't compare this game to it's predecessors, it's very fun in it's own new way."
76561198187364759,Not Recommended,285190,33874704,Posted: 29 July,all,danieljdarling01,"To be honest I didn't play a lot of this one because it only took me one game to know that I was wasted money.The Warhammer 40k Universe has a ton of different factions in it. I mean just play DoW1 and you'll see a huge selection of factions to play and customize. It was a major let down to only see 3 factions at launch because you already know if they do release other playable factions they will be gated behind payed DLC.The gameplay itself was nothing special ether, just a better looking DoW2 with a few tweaks here and there.It's sad to say but if you like the Warhammer Universe, save your money and get Vermintide instead, its cheaper and more fun."
76561197999875022,Not Recommended,285190,31514128,Posted: 2 May,all,The Marlboro Man,"This game feels like EA games bravely tried to give warcraft 1 a solid challenge. I just can't believe one of the greatest series are runied. At least we can still enjoy W40K 1 and 2. Thank you so much for refunding my game Valve. I could NEVER support something so completely rubbish as this game. This perhaps i should learn a bit of coding myself and make W40K 4...? I can't possibly do worse than THIS!!! Relic ""Entertainment"", why don't you ""entertain"" with some magic tricks instead cause this is just an embarrasment. That's just my opinion really...Do i recommend this game? HELL NO!"
,Recommended,285190,31544782,Posted: 4 May,all,LAWBRINGER,"This game is amazing, its a team based rts which takes alot of stress off and makes it more fun! The most played mode is 3v3, and that adds a whole other level of game play! Then just the 1v1 everyone plays of most rts. With the huge battles and awesome elites this game actually delivers on what it said it would! A recommend picking ut up if you find the game interesting or like idea of a team rts! Also I know this game has gotten alot of thumbs down, but i really dont feel like it deserves that hate!"
76561197988974948,Recommended,285190,31519630,Posted: 3 May,all,Dzik,"I personally like it very much although it is not like the original DOW which I loved so much but it is extremely difficult to recreate those original sensations from a game experience, I do find it strange why this game is getting so much bad reviews probably because fans of the originals are still in this nostalgic feeling and expected something similar. The Campaign I enjoyed very much and the multiplayer is very good especially for hardcore skilled players.Only bad points from me so far:•	Campaign is amazing but could have been longer•	Lack of multiplayer maps choices – urgently require more•	Lack of multiplayer modes.I am really hoping that expansions will follow with more races just like with DOW1 and also most importantly urgently require more multiplayer game modes and maps– I really wish they make a game mode such as annihilation where it would be just like the original to annihilate the enemy base with no shields, cannons and Power cores to destroy. Also some kind of Multiplayer Ladder system would be great too; like in SC2.Recommend highly for any RTS fans especially for those looking for skill based multiplayer action."
76561198020578718,Recommended,285190,31693852,Posted: 11 May,all,Welchy Boy,"Dawn of War 3 is a good game with a lot of potential in the future in the forms of patches or expansions. There is only one mulitplayer game mode, which is unusual, but the main issue people have with the game is that its not like DoW 1 or DoW 2. But thats part of the charm, and the potential it holds is subtle , but with time it could be a great game.Flamers are OP as ♥♥♥♥ though :D"
76561198031755412,Recommended,285190,31466370,Posted: 30 April,all,Crystonics,"You play through the campaign as the Blood Ravens, Orks and Eldar. I wasn't a big fan of the idea. I feel they did a nice job with the missions to where I didn't want to not finish the campaign because of it. The main attraction of the game are the elite units along with the return of base building. Much like heroes in Warcraft 3 and Starcraft 2, they give your army a little extra omph. Each race has 9 to choose from (with, hopefully more to come). Each with their own skills, passives when deployed and purpose on the battlefield.Base building is different in this installment of DoW as well. You build a base and it opens up some units. You heal and redeploy from them, but there are no static defences, aside from the listening posts you build on points. So, if you were looking to turtle up to build a base and force, your gunna have a bad day. The buildings don’t take long to make. So grabbing a point and building a turret and barracks to reinforce your army, might be the better play for this game.The multiplayer is a different monster. It’s one mode with a mix between a RTS with heroes, DoW’s cap points for resources and destroying your enemies Nexu… I mean Power Core. There are 8 maps on release, Three 1v1, two 2v2 and three 3v3. I’m hoping they release more play styles and maps in the future. Like Last Stand, that would be sweet.All in all, I enjoyed the campaign and I’m sure I’ll spend several hours in the multiplayer. If you were hoping they’d remake DoW 1-2 with updated graphics, this isn’t the game for you. If you like the Warhammer and are looking for a different style of RTS, this might be worth a pick up."
76561198005677636,Recommended,285190,31467252,Posted: 30 April,all,CrazyDutch,"The game is solid. People saying this is not Dawn of War are wrong, they are giving it a negative review because its not what they wanted, not because it's a bad game.The campaign isnt anything special but it isnt bad either. It teaches you the game. You buy this game for multiplayer, which is fantastic.This game is a great hybrid of DOW and DOW 2. You have base building, you have large armies and a multitude of elite units. in DOW 2 you could customize your commander sure, but in this one you get to pick 3 for a solid mix of units and counters.The multiplayer mode is fun, it takes some getting used to but in the end i find it a well made game mode. The escalation phases ensure that every match will turn into an epic battle.My only complaint with the game is it only ships with 3 armies and limited maps. I'm afraid SEGA is going to create a lot of DLC to sell us all the races seperately."
76561197980366553,Recommended,285190,31693654,Posted: 11 May,all,combat_carl,Fun game. Great micro tactics. Really enjoy 3v3 games. Different Elites and doctrines allow for different playstyles and army builds. Mechanics allow you to not have to quit the game if you lose your army.
,Recommended,285190,31431845,Posted: 28 April,all,Oosten,All the hate for this game is coming from the DoW 1 and 2 fanboys who were looking for a perfect DoW game. In my honest Opinion this game is a blast just give it some time. At first I was indifferent to it but now that I'm getting into it I'm really enjoying the game right now.
76561197969252107,Not Recommended,285190,31429152,Posted: 28 April,all,Griffon,"I tried getting a refund today, but had played too long. Really wish I'd read more reviews before dropping $60 on this. The lack of withdraw, the removal of dynamic cover, the gross effectiveness and prevalence of huge AOEs. All combine to make this a huge disappointment to me. If you're on the fence about buying it, don't."
76561197998881490,Not Recommended,285190,31489496,Posted: 1 May,all,nerd.o.love,"A neutered DOW game with a light wash of 40k flavor to cover up the MOBA/e-sports core. About as close to a dow game as i am to a genius intellect.Absolute crap, maybe some enjoyment if you are into multiplayer. Really wish i had returned for refund in time"
,Not Recommended,285190,31575604,Posted: 6 May,all,stingerone,"downgraded DOW 1&2, done."
,Not Recommended,285190,31872916,Posted: 20 May,all,mongo,don't waste the money
,Not Recommended,285190,31573053,Posted: 5 May,all,Dweeby Pheobe ✯,Just buy Dawn of War: Dark Crusade.They haven't really nailed it since then.
76561198182857913,Recommended,285190,35513759,Posted: 6 October,all,Arthas Menethil,Game is good. A fresh air.
76561198258122680,Recommended,285190,35454181,Posted: 3 October,all,mr. 56,special game not what i expected but is fun
76561198012988379,Not Recommended,285190,32059989,Posted: 30 May,all,Euromatix,"The game needs serious patching. It plays like a MOBA but not in the fun kind of way, its tedious to micromanage units the way that they should be. Abilities are oberwhelmingly powerful - such as knockback invalidating heavy weapons, elite units abilities, and characters abilities to fight. It doesn't feel at all like 40k it feels like a mad dash with the most guys to win. I would highly recommend waiting until they make the game they said they would - which is not this. As for the campaign it is alright, I liked to see Gabriel up and about again, Gorgutz is his usual smashface self, and Macha is an Eldar. The missions get far to grindy and I do not think they need to be as long as most of them are for the story, also 3 seperate campaigns set in the same events would have been a more involving method than flip flop. The game needs serious balance patches and for the units to feel like they are trying to make 40k. Space marines should kick ork boyz butts, and Eldar just getting a flat shield instead of having to be moved around to be defensive. All in all nice idea, and good to see 40k stuff but this game is not what was promised."
76561197970521232,Not Recommended,285190,31514406,Posted: 2 May,all,Obelus,"Loved DOW1, loved C&C, loved Starcraft, and have over a thousand hours in COH2.  Did not like this game. In a word it's tedious."
76561197987456716,Not Recommended,285190,31489390,Posted: 1 May,all,Hell Ell,"This game somehow managed to take everything that was good about the first 2 games, and totally ruin it. So disappointed in this release, thank god for steam refund."
,Not Recommended,285190,31594610,Posted: 6 May,all,uh oh,"I've enjoyed all of the previous WH40K: DOW games, but this one is hard to recommend. Performance is poor. Focus on overwhelmingly powerful hero units in multiplayer was a bad idea. Single player campaign seems boring and slow. Whenever I feel like giving the game another shot at redeeming itself, it crashes after I wait for a load.Might be good after a few patches, but $60 is asking way too much in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,285190,31480373,Posted: 30 April,all,WyrdNexus,"It's awesome... except for the game mechanicsIt's sad to see this happen to a franchise I love, especially when so much of this game is so well done.The GoodThe story is well done, with some good writing and great references to lore, along with accurately portraying the races.The characters and models are awesome, and the model ""painting"" customization isn't half bad either.The units and abilities are really fun, even if some are cheesy.The BadThe campaign is way too linear.There is NO unit customization.Most of the unit's power is in their special ability, but they won't use them on their own, which makes for some nightmare micro-management the vast majority of the game.Where WH 40k is supposed to be about strategy, tactics, positioning, and timing, this game feels more like the old RTSs where you can't do much more than resource-up, mob-up, and move your mob into your enemy.To make the micro even worse, your units will just sit there if their target is dead, even they're being attacked, or a unit right next to them is attacking. That's right, you have to micro EVERY action for EVERY unit. On top of microing their abilities.There's no rotate or zoom, and the zoom is locked feeling like you're at max zoom-in for SC2.Ultimately, this game had huge potential. Potential which was squandered by having people in charge of planning it who clearly do not play RTS games."
,Recommended,285190,31508964,Posted: 2 May,all,50,"I don't understand the god damn hate on this game, I LOVE it so far I wish I had more time to play it with my mate.I'm a die hard WH fan, and this lives up to my expectations on every level cause I watched the gameplay, I watched the trailers and I knew what to expect. Yes there are 3 races for now, and yes this game is trying to be a MOBA but I don't care, it's so much fun for me, it is pretty much balanced but the space marine infatry can get a buff if you ask me, they have a very weak early but the strongest late game if you ask me. The campaign is amazing and challenging, I love the characters and I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off at the orcs as always. And there is no day 1 DLC like in Total War Warhammer which is a good game but awful publishers who wanna rob our wallet.((The Necron teaser just points to an expansion pack in the future.))I found the game fullfilling and I'm waiting for future updates like new races, new maps and new campaigns. Plus the specs aren't that high so most people can play the game I think that's a big addition, I remember not being able to play DoW II and CoH2 on launch because of my computer. Anyway, I would say ignore most of the bad revies which ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game becoming a MOBA cause trust me it still feels like Dawn of War, the only difference is you don't destroy their HQ but a power core close to their HQ. Makes the game more fast-paced in some situations."
76561198006779152,Not Recommended,285190,31654469,Posted: 9 May,all,Granted,"With the bugs, about as much content as an open alpha and elite character base combats. I can't recommend the game at this time. Hopefully with a bunch of patches and some free dlc it will be up to scratch for the price asked for. This game is currently doing for dawn of war, what C&C 4 did for command and conquer."
76561198072762860,Not Recommended,285190,31396811,Posted: 27 April,all,SeedBox,"Look, I played Beta so I knew what I was buying.. it's kinda' alright if you ask me as a very simple game that does indeed remind you of a MOBA.  Devs say however they listen to us players and follow our requests in terms of what we expect from a product. They do listen to you, but then show you the finger and dump your ideas in the trash. Sooo, here's a beautiful downvote from me! Sick of today's manipulation in the business industry. Not that it was never there, but it's gotten too in your face.  I know you're bloody lying to me in my face! I had hoped the elite units would cover for lack of variety in standard units. WROONG. Not that much variety at all - that's also true for maps.Also, the campaign so far is one linear mess. I was damn well expecting at least a campaign per race, not all races thrown together into one pile. It's bad and booring as hell(the campaign). It literally feels like they built the campaign like another tutorial for MP, which is REALLY bad.They better slap this game with some free updates soon with new maps and MP game modes that do not resemble MOBA maps(I don't mind them personally, but if you're gonna insist you're going back to DoW 1 at least try a little...). Also we need more bloody unit variety. I don't expect new races to come soon(or will chaos be released as paid dlc in like 2-3 days? xD) but let's hope when they do, you don't have to pay over 10 bucks for 5 units.So yea, I kinda' wish I had a re-fund now because I'm already bored of it, feels like I've seen it all. In a few hours. They NEED to add at least new MP modes like Last Stand because with 2-3 maps and same damn mode, you get bored real quick - plus, I can't seem to find any actual progression system that makes you feel like you've earned something good. You only level elites after each match, but even that does not offer you any kind of fulfilment. You don't get anything for winning multiplayer except for an in-game currency that you buy one of the 5 or whatever elites every race has - and the army doctrines which are dirt cheap anyway. So what IS the point? LOL.*EDIT ON GAME DEVELOPMENT HISTORY*This game suffered major planning problems as well as funding related;I think the company that owned them went bankrupt halfway through development, then they got bought by another, all in the meantime they said they had done 3 game prototypes, all of which got dumped(obviously, every prototype needs resources and time, in the end wasted on 3 useless versions). If they had went with this game design from early beginning we'd see a very different and beautiful game. They carried this out over years, just loosing money and time for no reason; This is what happens if you don't organise jack s*** in business boys and girls - you produce a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product that almost no one will buy. Because this game serves as an example for the work of the entire company - and it is not good.Such a shame... such a shame... already modders a few days after launch produced maps that are a lot more fun than original 3 maps(This is more proof that they ran out of time and possibly money; they could only fit around 3-5 maps for multiplayer, which is horrendeous. the game is advertised as focused on MP, and almost every match is the same if not all)"
76561198072937007,Not Recommended,285190,31535333,Posted: 3 May,all,A Shitty Skeleton,Go ♥♥♥♥ a cactus.Similar experience.
,Recommended,285190,31407870,Posted: 27 April,all,RuneGrey,"Solid RTS that tries to combine the elements of DoW 1 and 2 into a more comprehensive package.  While not the glorious mess that Dark Crusade was, it still remains an acceptable game.  Like many games with some attached controversy, probably more acceptable once it goes on discount."
76561197978169774,Not Recommended,285190,31446873,Posted: 29 April,all,xon,why the name dawn of war 3? it's an insult to the old franchise...
76561198015264913,Recommended,285190,31489294,Posted: 1 May,all,i am pro at total war,i noticed people saying that game is overly relient on elites and normal units are useless. thats not true at all i did some experimenting and i killed 3 megas in a single game with no support and no elites of my own. all you have to do is use anti vehicle units to counter them and megas get slaughtered. also for example equiping fire prisms as eldar with beam cannon i think its called will rek megas in seconds
,Recommended,285190,31397098,Posted: 27 April,all,Wu Ziheng,"A great addition to the franchise!The campaign is compelling and jumps between the three main races; Space Marines, Orks and Eldar. It starts out like a tutorial with the introduction of your Elite mechanics, but you are soon given the option to build and recruit your own units.At the time of writing this I have finished one mission for each of the three races and I find the story interesting and compelling. Your characters level up in the missions which give you access to currency so you can unlock additional elite units.Here's the lowdown...Pros* It looks great. One of the best looking DoW games to date.* Lots of unlocks, something that has been missing in many games.* Strong multiplayer, although a bit untraditional from past games.* The units hit hard and the weapons have a satisfying feel to them.Cons* It's a bit difficult to keep track of your units. The UI needs an overhaul or the ability to be scaled up.* Although it's only happened a few times, there seems to be latency in inputs in intense multiplayer games.(Not sure if it's game or netcode issue that needs ptimization)* The community is toxic. The community has been berating this game since it's beta. ""It's not DoW 1 remastered"", they cry. ""But, but it's different, boohoo"", they continue, ""Change is bad"". You know what? I've never seen a community so whiny about a game before. The haters hated it before it even came out, they bought it regardless and are still continuing to hate on it.Bottomline is, if you want to play DoW I, then go play that. I'm sure you can pick it up on the cheap. If you want a new game in the franchise with great looking graphics and solid gameplay, then pick it up.If you're a 40k fan, then definitely pick this up. The game is definitely more enjoyable if you're familiar with the lore."
76561197990040211,Recommended,285190,32964127,Posted: 28 June,all,seekster,"Note that this is a review of Dawn of War III based only on having played the single player campaign all the way through. Full disclosure I have played and enjoy all of the Dawn of War games including all the expansions of both DoW 1 and DoW 2.Pros:+NEW DAWN OF WAR (back from the dead)+Game brings back main characters from the series and handles their backstories very well.+Some unique mission mechanics+Ability to use some superheavy units.+Story makes multiple refrences to previous DoW games (especially DoW 1 including Dark Crusade and Soulstorm)+You find out who really won Soulstorm (probably the biggest surprise in the game).+Voice Acting is Excellent overall.**Cons:-Story is overall the weakest of the entire DoW series.-Game mechanics are not very intuitive overall (with a few exceptions)-Without spoiling anything, a 40k or just DoW fan can take a rough stab at which faction will be the main antagonist at the end of the game and will not be surprised (hint its not the Tau).-No Epilogue...the game just sort of ends after the last mission.-Game lags at the worst times (such as during cutscenes)-No alt rotate camera like in previous games (make it hard to view the world).**Overall Conclusion:Having played all of the Dawn of War games it is my opinion that DoW 3 is easily the weakest entry in the series (again based on the single player experience, can't say anything about how multiplayer is). That being said as a 40k and DoW fan I don't regret buying it (yay summer sale) but I probably won't be playing through the campaign again because everything was pretty predictable and by the numbers. The game lacks the high stakes and character building of DoW 2 and it bears almost no resemblence to the DoW 1 games (except maybe the original DoW which gets mentioned a few times by Gabriel and Macha). That being said its not a bad game and I would really like to see expansions the follow the pattern of Dark Crusade, Soulstorm, or even Retribution (ie adding more factions and maybe letting you conquer territory etc).So in closing if you can get this game on sale then its worth a play through even if only to see how the DoW story progresses (and because Gorgutz). Just remember to keep your expectations low."
,Not Recommended,285190,31554591,Posted: 5 May,all,Trevellian[C22],"I bought this game and returned it fairly quickly once I realized it was a MOBA and not an RTS.  RTS games should not have cramped maps with Lanes and Cores or unmovable HQ's.   What happened to the Relic that created Homeworld, Dawn of War 1 and Company of Heroes 1?  Apparently they're long gone and they've forgotten how to create a decent game, thats where.The single player is atrocious as well, control a Hero and be fed fodder troops occasionally to keep said Hero alive, I was so disappointed with this method it made me uninterested in even trying to continue the story after a few levels.  Starcraft 2 had a far superior method of conveying it's storyline.Go back and learn from your past Relic, I won't buy another of your games till you do."
76561198036170428,Recommended,285190,32696817,Posted: 23 June,all,B NEGATIVE,Game is getting better but its too late....no one plays any more....Sadly this game is an example of how to thourghly♥♥♥♥♥♥an existing franchise into a broken shell of its former self.
76561198161686765,Recommended,285190,31439363,Posted: 29 April,all,Giant Dad,"ive only played a few hours of this game, but ive found it to be enjoyable. not done any campaign stuff yet, so i cant say anything about it. The different factions represent what each of them are in the lore. orks have lots of cheap units and are very shouty, Eldar have mid range to high end damaging units that get round the map very fast and space marines have few strong units that are generally a bit more adaptable. the gameplay is a bit like dawn of war 1 with capturing strategic points around the map, with an endgame objective of wiping out the enemies key structures.the combat is ok, lots of shooting, lots of melee.i enjoy this game, but id definitely recommend watching some gameplay videos before buying this cause its not everyones cuppa tea"
,Not Recommended,285190,31462757,Posted: 30 April,all,1337MATTYK,Extremly simplistic.Very booring.Very linear gameplay.Literally the WORST RTS I have ever played.Don't buy it. You've been warned.
,Recommended,285190,31425360,Posted: 28 April,all,Marx,"Not a MOBA - That being said, if you think this even partially plays like a MOBA, you should invest time in learning about MOBAs.Not your typical Relic style of RTS but fun regardless."
76561197995885228,Recommended,285190,31469465,Posted: 30 April,all,Akios88,"I have played Dawn of war 1 all its expansions as well as Dawn of war 2 and all its expansions to. I love this this game, I think it is an excellent addition to the Dawn of War franchise. Is it perfect? No it's not, but is it fun with excellent production values, art direction and overall gameplay experience? Yes, yes to all these things!Now what I have been seeing is people either focusing on how its not the same as DOW 1 or not enough like DOW 2 ( when DOW 2 came out people ♥♥♥♥♥ed it was not enough like DOW 1 but now DOW 2 is more an ""authentic"" dawn of war experience then DOW 3 is, people are just fickle). Well Dawn of war 1 was not perfect and we should stop crying about how they didn't clone that game.Dawn of War 3 has some elements that people are focusing on that have been borrowed from other RTS games. These elements were picked up by MOBAS and the saturation of the MOBA market means people think Dawn of War 3 is copying these MOBAS. DOW 3 is not a god damn MOBA its a Dawn of War game which has always focused on more tactical squad action ( like its cousin Company of Heroes 1 and 2) with base building. It focuses on combat over your base management (just like every other Dawn of war games, Dawn of war 2 of course did away with it completely).Now this squad tactics focus is augmented by the use of elites, these are just very powerful battlefield shattering heroes that really make a huge impact on the game. With the right pick and the right timing a single hero can turn a battle right on its head and people are complaining its like a MOBA with the focus on a single super powerful hero. Well the thing is you do have to use your elites and manage them but you can never neglect the other elements of the game play, your army and base management.The way I see it there is a triad of game play. Army management, base/resource management and Elite management. You have to do all three but with the right selection you can focus on any one of those elements have really powerful strategies.This game is also beautiful with excellent graphics and effects,. The audio barks from the troops are just awesome with the Orcs really standing out and feeling like Orcs should be an amazing mix of Mad Max mayhem and beauty with the brutal comedy of 40K Orcs.Also the the criticism that the game is too cartoony really doesn’t track with me, we have peacock coloured space elves fighting shakespearan voiced zealot knights fighting cockney Mad Max orcs, 40k is spectacle and darkness."
76561198139557600,Recommended,285190,31521792,Posted: 3 May,all,ZeroResistance 96,"I feel like they did a very good job with this game. They could put more maps in the game though. In my opionion it takes what was good about dawn of war 1 and 2 and tries to combine it into one game, which they do well. The game could have minor improvements here and there, but its nothing to bad. I do think they could add more building to build in the game, there are less thean the first, but I think this was so we could focus on the tactics aspect of the game. I do recomend this game to anyone who likes RTS games. I haven't touched the campiagn yet, so i cant say much about it, ive only played agaisnt the ai. Which is pretty smart at times."
76561198025205132,Recommended,285190,31850102,Posted: 19 May,all,HomeStation,"This is a good game.  I was discouraged reading the reviews but I am actually enjoying this game way more than I thought I would.  This is how I wish SC2 was!  I think RTS style games are graded very harshly and when something is not exactly how someone wants it then they give it a bad review and I think this game fits that category because of the franchise.  The reason I like this game so much is because I find myself coming back to the multiplayer.  It is challenging and there are many creative ways to beat people.  It combines good elements of many good RTS (and other) games like armor vs small arms in COH, hidden cover like LOL and heroes like in WC3.  The heroes and different abilities you can equip your army with has me inventing new stratagies.  I do think it needs balance changes still and I wissh they would add a few units to the space marine army.  Some elites are a little too powerful or hard to kill so that is bothersome.  I wish you could retreat too.  There are a few micro issues that I would like to see changed too, for example you have multiple abilites in your army and its hard to select which group you want to execute their ability... maybe I still need to figure that one out.  Can they just let TAB cycle through the groups in your army instead of deselecting everyone in favor of one group... annoying.  Anyway, I would suggest you buy the game I give it 7/10 and I will continue playing it for a while.  Thanks!"
,Recommended,285190,31596957,Posted: 6 May,all,zeemolol,A welcome addition to the RTS genre.
,Not Recommended,285190,31639107,Posted: 8 May,all,Archer,♥♥♥♥
76561197997527069,Not Recommended,285190,31787945,Posted: 16 May,all,Innocent,I'm a huge Warhammer fan boy but by God this is an atrocity.. WAIT for the price to go down..
,Recommended,285190,31531487,Posted: 3 May,all,LeFauve,"1. THE CAMPAIGNThe campaign seems to be pretty long, (as evidenced by the achievments) and even though I have only done a few missions, it's pretty engaging.  Missions are somewhat long, (30 minutes to an hour on average for me) but incase you have to go, there is a save/load system in place. The campaign goes through the three different factions, switching every mission. Because of that, I'd say that it serves as a good tutorial, taking you through the mechanics of every faction.2.THE MULTIPLAYERThe multiplayer, at the moment feels somewhat limited due to only having a few maps and 1 game mode. I do enjoy the actual gameplay though. Sadly, I dont know what else to say about multiplayerl.3.THE ARMY PAINTERI know that this may not be a big part for most people, but it's pretty good. All of the colors are named after the actual paints, such as ultramarine blue. Some components aren't able to be customely colored, but they are generally small and insegnifigant."
76561198028863605,Recommended,285190,31510175,Posted: 2 May,all,Invisible,Don't Judge a controversial game by its reviews.
76561197998744678,Recommended,285190,31431533,Posted: 28 April,all,{RG}Ron Burgundy,"Yes there is only one multiplayer mode but each match feels exciting because with the selection of pre-game choices of elite units and army doctrines, each enemy you face has a strategy in mind that you have to figure out what that is and counter it. There is escalation phases that occur as the match progresses that increases your resource generation and makes for very exciting end game battles on a massive scale that was not possible in DoW2.Sure it is not DoW 1 with new graphics and it is not as tactical as DoW 2 and it is not the TT WH:40k but it is something new and fresh which is a great thing! If people want to play a game where the sequel is exactly the same just with prettier graphics each and every iteration then may I suggest CoD or Madden?Only negative thing I have to say is that I wished the game launched with the standard four armies that the previous games did but the lack of factions and maps will be fixed in time through either expansion packs or DLC.Some side thoughts1. MOBA? I guess if you want to consider the tall grass stealth mechanics then fine... There is one MOBA aspect in the game. Not that it is that game changing, it is just something to keep in mind that there might be something like a webway gate in there but nothing major.2. Starcraft? Well if this game was Starcraft or felt/played like Starcraft I would not play it because I do not care much for Starcraft."
76561198048868625,Not Recommended,285190,31963176,Posted: 25 May,all,BeastInShadows,♥♥♥♥ing forced survey to uninstall it. just needed some more space for a school project then it forces me to take a survey. ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,285190,31405424,Posted: 27 April,all,Dicci,"Well, i like this Game so far. Only missing my favorite class, the chaos :). If your a fan and like RTS, buy it."
76561198015193897,Not Recommended,285190,31615110,Posted: 7 May,all,M.Graph,"TL DR; Bought it, played it 2hrs.. got bored, refunded.other reviews cover it pretty well, the game is very bland, campaign forced you to play factions you might not want to play,missing a lot of units IMO, missing content and factions. Hopefully they will fix most of the stuff with DLC/Exp packs."
76561197969759305,Recommended,285190,31453307,Posted: 29 April,all,Shalune,"I heartily recommend this game, but I have no idea who to recommend it to.Campaign:Warning: Have not yet completed.Definitely the weak point so far compared to previous DoWs. It's not bad, but feels closer to the original DoW1 campaign than the more exciting and thematic DoW2 or Winter Assault.Multiplayer and Core Gameplay:DoW3 is doing a new take on RTS. It takes elements from DoW1, DoW2, Company of Heroes, Starcraft, and Warcraft 3*. But it is not any of these games. I can't point to one, or any combination of them and say ""If you enjoyed that, you'll enjoy this.""For my part I liked all those games, but the multiplayer of all of them turned me off. Yet DoW3 multiplayer grabbed me from the start. I like that it has the tactical elements of Company of Heroes without the RNG and unreliable AI. I like that it has the micro elements of Starcraft, and ability usage of Warcraft 3 without the macro and overwhelming need to multitask of either.*Everything you could possibly describe as MOBA-y in DoW3 is in previous DoWs and Warcraft 3.Conclusion:It's an expensive game that can't possibly live up to anyone's expectations since it's trying something different from the genre norm, and its own history. I get why a lot of people are unhappy with it. But I think it's a very good game with a potential to be great for the as yet undefined audience it does appeal to."
,Recommended,285190,31397206,Posted: 27 April,all,PrimaGoosa,"Get past all of your preconceived notions of what the game should be, and at the end of the day you have a high-octane game that emphasizes micro, positioning, and is a joy to play.  It isn't DoW 2.  It isn't DoW 1.  It isn't Starcraft.  It isn't DOTA.  It's DoW 3.And it's fun."
76561198005656582,Recommended,285190,31635932,Posted: 8 May,all,Tsanoc,"Like 2 before it, 3 is another gameplay design entirely.  Its really a related trio of rts titles rather than direct sequels.Focusing a bit more on the macro strategic play after the micro squad combat of 2, 3 has a lager scale feel to it even if it doesn't field significantly more units than 1 did.  I personally enjoy it and am glad to have it in my library; I still play 1 and 2 though and to an extent I actually like that 1 wasn't replaced by 2 and neither replaced by 3.  Whatever mood strikes me is the game I play and I can have a blast in all of them.  I hope for more armies to be added of course and there is room for adding more elites so I look forward to see what Relic may still have in the works.This does have me quite interested in the idea of an 'Epic' scale similar to TA, SupCom, TW, etc. though where the titans can be to scale and the armies truly vast."
,Recommended,285190,31427306,Posted: 28 April,all,Tadpole,"It's different from DoW 2 and DoW 1. If you want those games, go play them instead. Most of the negative reviews are about people crying after old features. That or it's about Gabriel Angelos doing sommersault in power armor. That alone is an indication of how meaningless the user reviews are for this game. People get their panties in a twist because of one animation.I personally enjoy having three DoW games that play almost completely differently from each other.This installment puts much more emphasis on hero abilities and fast action RTS. Previous games in the series were more army focused. Gameplay is more fast paced and cover mechanics no longer exist apart from the far and few between placed static cover points that a unit can capture to create a cover. Many players claim that this is blob vs blob game, where you select all your units and roll your deathball around. While that can work in single player, it does not work in multiplayer. Any capable player will utilize hero or elite unit abilities to decimate your deathball with single or two abilities. Heroes are very powerful, although far from invincible. Overextending with your hero will quickly end with hero getting killed by grunt units.All of your non-elite/hero units are meat. You shouldn't get too attached to them as a single blow can wipe out half a unit in a second. Retreat mechanic no longer exists, making saving damaged units more difficult.Personally I have one big issue with the game: Path finding. Unit pathfinding can sometimes be fairly atrocious.Don't be fooled by the negative reviews. This game does not deserve even half of the crap it is getting right now. Considering all the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games that come out on Steam that don't get slammed this hard, this is just ridiculous.In a nutshell: If you are familiar with the series, this game plays completely differently from previous games. I suggest you watch some normal gameplay videos (those without commentary) and see what the game is like.I personally recommend this game because:- It is WH40k- They did something new and it works, just have to get used to it- Faster pacing, constant feeling of urgency"
,Recommended,285190,31721144,Posted: 13 May,all,SnoSalmon,"Highly recommend this. I held of on the pre-order after previous blunders, and after reading numerous reviews by people telling me this game sucked I did't buy it.I watched some gameplay vids, and decided it looked pretty good.I admit I'm a big W40K fanboy, that aside, this is a true RTS.So many ways and methods of tackling objectives there is some real choice.Multiplayer is a blast too.Graphics are clean and sharp, however the only gripe I have is that I think DOWII had better detail, I'm running with all settings maxed out.If you enjoy COH, DOW, or RTS in general this game is sure to please.It is not DOWII, not DOW and not COH more a mix of all of these.If you are on the fence, do yourself a favour and buy it. Ignore the negativity from the people trying to compare this to DOWII.Watch some gameplay videos."
76561198098778061,Not Recommended,285190,31471828,Posted: 30 April,all,auron321,"Real disaster what is hapenning franchise.Moving to MOBA (and moving in a wrong way -  i mean that DoW2 of course was not a RTS, but still was rather solid and interesting game to play) not doing any good.And it's not even Starcraft (very far from it), as someone says.And the graphics and engine optimization are far from good (GTX 970 is low-medium tier already, as far as i know, but even considering this the picture is nightmare on high settings).In conclusion - the game does not cost it's money, and i will neve pre-order warhammer in my whole life."
,Recommended,285190,31473860,Posted: 30 April,all,LeetPandA,"If youre a TRUE RTS fan, you'll have a lot to enjoy here.Apparently if you're a warhammer die hard... they did something wrong? As far as i can tell, this beats both of the previous DoW games, handily. The campaign is extensive, the multiplayer is fun and engaging, and there is TONs of room to diversify your play.there is ABSOLUTELY no way this game deserves a 55% rating. Just a bunch of die hard nerds who cant get over the fact they didnt get a DoW 1 or 2 remake... ffs get over your selves, its pathetic."
,Recommended,285190,31772310,Posted: 15 May,all,Vode,"With no attachments to the first two, this game is fantastic! It's not a MOBA, don't listen to that. It just isn't. Can't change keybinds, but I don't know many people that don't have a programmable keyboard. All in all it's a fun new RTS- those are hard to come by these days."
76561198079018077,Recommended,285190,31852236,Posted: 19 May,all,Cold_Coffee,"I have hundreds of hours playing DOW1, DOW 2, I played table top 40k and read 40k books regularly. I have history with relic RTS and I like them alot.That said - I can tell you this is good game. If you released this game with a different title than DOW, I guarantee it'd have positive reviews. I think the reviews suffer from it being part of a baggage heavy DoW franchise and the super capricious fans that come with it.You just should know before you buy that this is a different game than the ones that came before it and take it for what it is.Very stoked to see what races/ maps/ and modes come next.Skulls for the skull throne."
76561198022223959,Recommended,285190,31850775,Posted: 19 May,all,moshpitkosh,"uprating solely because so many people are waaaay too harsh.if you're looking for DOW1+DOW2=DOW3.... well this isnt it sadly.... they left many features (like cover) out, and it still has several annoying little UI holes (workers and military can be selected with the same box, you cant pick which heros menu is shown when in a group, lil things like that,etc)but that doesnt make it a BAD game, they just missed the mark.. somehow.. for some reason...the game is not a AAA $60 game in its current state.I REALLY hope the devs listen to more of the feedback they have been receiving since closed BETA and that the DLCs will fix most of the gripes people have.If we get all the DLC that the head devs said theyd like to put out... i could see this game being what it should be, DoW3.but as someone who keeps buying 40k games.....idk if ill buy another one at full price again, which is a darn shame.in the end i will most like buy all the DLC for this game whether its a great game or just a decent one, but i wont be spending that much (if any) on it if the devs dont get with the program."
76561198031597558,Not Recommended,285190,32784002,Posted: 25 June,all,matthewconnelly9,"Do not buy, graphics are awful and it is no where near DoW2.  Save your money for a proper game."
76561198007947984,Not Recommended,285190,31480322,Posted: 30 April,all,Varivox,"I got a refund <2 hours in.The game is ""fine"", but that's about it.It seems to try being both DoW1 and DoW2 at the same time in an attempt to bridge the two communities together to make a better product, yet in doing so manages to lose any semblance of uniqueness. The, admittedly, few skirmish matches I had (against AI) felt very ""been there, done that better somewhere else"" to me. It's a fairly okish game, but between DoW3 and Starcraft 2, I'd much rather play Starcraft tbh, and I've no intention of playing Starcraft anytime soon.Basebuilding is rather limited and, as such, feels almost like a hinderance to the game. It doesn't really offer anything to the game, aside from being there. There aren't enough building types to really create a variety, and there doesn't seem to be much, if any, drawback from simply getting all the buildings. In games like Warcraft 3, for instance, you specialized your army, and some building could be completely skipped that, while limiting your army's build, allowed for some feeling of choice. In DoW3, there really is no reason not to get all the buildings. Even then, the arsenal (the research building) requires you to research VERY basic passives for your units (health/damage) with the option of mines for your scout units. You can upgrade your tactical marines, for instance, with either flamers or plasma guns, but it really doesn't feel like it did anything.The economy seems to be artifically slowed down due to the various ""phases"". Phase one seems to have a low amount of points earned for each capture point, with more in the next phase and more after that.But...why?All it does is slow you down and limit your options. Phase 1 is almost entirely ""spam basic infantry"", which means that you can't risk saving up for a higher tier unit. Phases make sense on paper, but in practice, I just feel they artifically drag out a match for no real reason.It's an alright game that tries to bridge the gap between the original and the sequel and manages to be less that either of them. Even without looking at the previous games, it feels rather shallow and soulless, leaving me wanting to go play another RTS instead of this one. It's not bad, it's just not worth the full asking price, at no point did I feel the need to continue playing another match and, in fact, I never even bothered to finish a single skirmish match, I felt so bored.I got a refund, but I might buy again if I see a 50+% off sale, assuming the player population holds out.""meh""/10"
76561198009064372,Not Recommended,285190,31588579,Posted: 6 May,all,chuckberts,"Simply put this is a really lousy RTS as there is too little strategy and variation in the games.  You get 3 sets of 'elite units' over the course of the game which are essentially overpowered units that slaughter the other units turning it into a  elite vs elite war (hence the incorrect MOBA claims).  Most units sole purpose is to be cannon fodder until you can build top tier units and have enough resources for elites.To worsen the matter, there is the multiplayer/skirmish game setup.   There is only 1 multiplayer mode which requires you to destroy a high HP turret protecting the enemy base area and it slaughters low tech units unmercifully.  So there are no early game rushes/harrassing or much of a mid game.  Every game gets forced into a tech long range units to assist elites in taking down the turret.RTS players who prefer tech rush oriented playstyles will likely enjoy the game, but I can't stand playing like that so I found the game quite unenjoyable."
76561198035862782,Recommended,285190,31826188,Posted: 18 May,all,shamowow,"THESE HERETICS ARE EVERYWHERE,to be specific they are in the discussions and reviews. Just hating a good game, that has a different approach (and for gods sake it is NOT A MOBA YOU HERETICAL HATERS). I played all DOWs with their expansions and i love 40k, the games, the story, the tabletop. And i also love DOW3.Pros:-good lookin-you can fight for the emperor-elite system pretty cool (elite points work well and units are really awesome)-nice campaign, but of course not something like ME or witcher etc. (even a plot twist!)-you can fight with terminators for the emperor-giant units!-that you can use to fight for the glorious emperor-skins for elites (accesible trough level-ups)-doctrines, these are passive effects (like new abilities for units etc) you can choose for your army-and there a LOTS of them, thus creating the of many playstyles is possible-new mode for multi (kill objectives like generators of the enemy team)neutral-OST is alright-only 3 factions, however a new one is teasered after the campaign (neutral cause we will get new ones i think)-effects look a little cartoonish, are well made and fitting but its taste honestly (i like it)-voice acting alright, ears dont hurt but arent pleased eitherCons-only a few maps for multi-GABRIEL ANGELOS JUMPS, I REPEAT, JUUUMPS IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR!!!!11one!!eleven!1-heroes like angelos are a bit big, they stand out too much (squad elites like striking scorps, terminators, deathwatch etc are alright)-a bit too much effects (why do chainswords glow when used?)-a generic spess mahrine captain is laking as angelos stays a blood raven, even when i play with other chapters-some elite skins have little effect (lookin at you imperial knight paladin)-cover system with shields, i dont like it because one cannot hide unites in rubble, craters etcConclusionI want to say that this games is not like DOW1 or 2 but thats good. Because making a nice clone of them would be a shame (just play them as they are!). DOW3 uses new concepts, like doctrines, elites, new multi mode etc, to make a completely different experience.A very good one indeed.The real problem are the haters, that make out the game to be bad because its not a clone. They dont want to call it a DOW because its different. They seem to forget that 2 is completely unlike 1! Only because it uses new Ideas for rts games (that are scarce) doesnt make it bad.Thus i can happily recommend this game as i will put many more hours into it, as doctrines allow some cool combos and playstyles to be discovered.(sorry for my english, this was my 2nd ever review)"
,Recommended,285190,31976213,Posted: 26 May,all,Dronzilla,"My Review about this gamePros :- Diomedes become chaplain- Walker animation is cool,so smooth if you look closely- Max elite rank achievement,i have 4 now (diomedes,ven dreadnought,IK Paladin,Terminators)- Great Campaign- Nuker CODEX is real in this one- Awesome game physic and detailsCons :- Mouse BUG! (please fix this relic,i really hate it)- IT BECOME MOBA :(i still play this game and gonna give it YES as recommended game,but please relic bring back the old mechanic like cover system and other stuff that we love back then in the first DoW and DoW 2.and more faction please!"
76561198017378776,Recommended,285190,31472522,Posted: 30 April,all,HELL DRAGON,"just finished the Singleplayer and simply put the story and gameplay is epicIts not DOW1 or DOW2 but it is still good and probably fits the new trend of RTS , less base managment more action kinda like moba , I think the game will excel if there were many maps and gameplay mods. Im sure the community will come up with mods to make it like dow1.I think there should ne another IP for DOW which is like DOW2 I noticed the communite really like the customization and RPG aspects. for me i enjoy all of them. Please release more content and gameplay mods. a guerrilla war mode would be nice were only infentry units and elites are allowed to play."
,Recommended,285190,31849329,Posted: 19 May,all,HAN'NYA,"Army Painter, Ambush and kite enemy. Oh yeah!"
76561198005973502,Not Recommended,285190,31810115,Posted: 17 May,all,>I-X-( Speedbass )-X-I<,I just don't want to play this game...
76561197964476282,Not Recommended,285190,31476316,Posted: 30 April,all,UPGRAYEDD,"GW could stamp an Aquila on a turd and I'd buy it, yet I refunded this game."
76561198023359599,Recommended,285190,31403390,Posted: 27 April,all,Doodle,"Game is good, to many people bashing it for no reason"
76561197974182517,Not Recommended,285190,31473623,Posted: 30 April,all,ZeckoVicath,"As a long fan of all Warhammer series and plattforms, this game is a sour drop.While graphically at par with many recent games, the new cover system breaks the game pace.Whilst most units cannot damage the shield emmitted by heavy covers, skimmer units (fast light early game scout vehicles) waste them within 2-3 seconds, zerging with skimmers to hunt the enemy is a cheese tactic.The missing skirmish mode makes it feel like an instance of the millionsth call of duty clone where the campaign is merely a strechted out tutorial for the multiplayer mode, without training possibility or relaxed grinding the AI.I hate to say this, but I regret paying money for this game.Hope to see these ""issues"" redressed in future updates.Positive:+ Grapics+ No bugs encountered+ Story and Characters believably placed in the universe+ Campaign longer than just a few minutes, on par with previous titles+ Factions have individual tertiary ressource/support system (Wagh, Webway tunnel, Orbitals)Neutral:* Tactics have rock paper scissor feeling, no hint of complexity* Multiplayer almost without balance issues* Factions collect all the same primary and secondary ressources (names do not matter, could be wood stone water and mana)* Upgrades are mostly identical (off/def in 3 levels)Negativ:- Tactics have rock paper shotgun-battery feeling- Tactics lack rock paper scissor lizard spock complexity- No skirmish- Heavy cover system (replaces high middle low cover based on modifiable terrain) is broken"
76561198025428239,Recommended,285190,31520529,Posted: 3 May,all,Ver;tas,For the people looking for a reskin of the original DoW this is not for you since it was never meant to be that but it's still a good and fun RTS
76561198018686463,Recommended,285190,31658638,Posted: 9 May,all,Emogirlee,"What everyone wanted was Dow1 remastered, this is NOT that. This is an alright game right now but has to few races, game modes and maps. Maybe after some dlc (witch i hope is cheep) and some content patches (maps maybe?) it would be better. Like a $30-$40 game right now IMHO."
,Recommended,285190,31500570,Posted: 1 May,all,clan_iraq,"DOW III is a very interesting RTS.JUST THROW AWAY YOUR PRECONCEPTIONS AND TRY ITThat being said, it is nothing like DOW I. Think something of a cross between COH 2 and DOW II.The campaign was quite interesting and challenging. The missions are interesting, they switch up the races on you constantly so it doesnt get stale. The first few missions feel an awful lot like filler tutorial however and there is no autosave in the campaign so don't forget.The multiplayer is great! There are many people comparing it to MOBAS and Starcraft. I'd like to ask those people if they have ever played DOTA or SC. There are turrets by your base, and you get some hero units; thats where the MOBA similarities end. In Starcraft you have on average 2 or 3 unit abilities you have to stay on top of, in DOW III you have 3 heroes and damn near every single unit comes with a skillshot of some sort.The multiplayer mechanics are quite interesting, there maps are all divided into lanes, somewhat like a MOBA With two turrets and generators on either end. Resource points are scattered across the map, including one in the middle that lets the controlling player generate hero points at a faster rate. Think of it as a relic from DOW I but 10x as important because you have to cash in the resource it generates for elite units. The resource points and turrets/generators act as a buffer that gives you time to respond to an opponents strategy. Overinvested into tanks and your enemy built tankbustas? no problem the turrets and hero units give you time to adjust your strategy. As far as RTS games go, I would say DOW III is probably the most forgiving of mistakes.In any other RTS (notably COH)Lost one of your first 5 squads?GGControl less than half the map?GGOverinvest into the wrong counter?GGLose your big push?GGDon't get me wrong, all of these situations can and will cause you to lose the game in DOW III, but at least you get a chance to change things up.AlsoScout Snipers + Whirlwind + Heavy Bolter + ScoutsOPOP"
76561197991673118,Not Recommended,285190,31853137,Posted: 19 May,all,Karn ivorous,Worthless and so are the creators of the game
76561197964325209,Not Recommended,285190,32076381,Posted: 30 May,all,chris,Introduction completely breaks the 4th wall. Combat is so far removed from the original which made the series great.
,Not Recommended,285190,33881322,Posted: 29 July,all,Cobaltblue,"It is a fun game, but even several months after launch there is NO key re-mapping feature. This is not acceptable."
76561197998658952,Not Recommended,285190,33893332,Posted: 29 July,all,Enemyz,"No Last stand, massive fail. Took all the inovations that made the series great and disgarded them."
76561198068769779,Not Recommended,285190,31452330,Posted: 29 April,all,RADN3CTAR,"This pretty much sums up the quality of this ""AAA"" title.... feelsbadmanhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=915925790"
76561198115367767,Not Recommended,285190,31539826,Posted: 4 May,all,Vyaris,"This game is like that one kid that tries too hard to be like his cool older brothers and thus, he has no real identity of his own. Did I had fun while playing the game? Of course I did, mainly because im a 40k fanboy. Sadly, everytime I play DowIII I can't shake the feeling that I'd rather be playing Dow or DowII."
76561198005625441,Recommended,285190,31397314,Posted: 27 April,all,Aral,It's not perfect but still a nice game!
76561198006958566,Recommended,285190,31530509,Posted: 3 May,all,Muffin,"Good game, they tried something different than the previous DoWs. Strategy, some MOBA aspect to it, the corpses pile up and lots of micro management. Some game bugs and slow loading screens, but this will probably get sorted out."
,Recommended,285190,31611263,Posted: 7 May,all,Anterk,"tl;dr: The focus on multiplayer has resulted in a tedious but enjoyable campaign and multiplayer perfect for people who don't spend all their time on message boards creating strategies.I recommend DoW3 for anyone who is bad at strategy games but who always wanted to enjoy the multiplayer side. DoW3 incorporates a system to discourage early-game rushes into a new objective-based victory system that requires a player to destroy a series of targets in sequential order; a shield, a cannon, and a power generator. The cannon is powerful enough to ensure you have breathing room at the start of the match, but isn't as frustrating or annoying as the base-protecting turrets from DoW2.Additionally, this new system ensures you always know what you're supposed to be doing. My favorite strategy experience before this was StarCraft 2, and every time I tried to play multiplayer I would lose purely to how overwhelming the experience was.Units are now squishier then they've ever been before, and only special kinds of units gain experience. A lot of people don't like this, but I'm enjoying how much I'm encouraged to bulk on units while focusing on only a few who need to get experience. Additionally, I've learned alot from death in terms of what a unit can fight. No other strategy game has taught me so quickly when and how to use melee and ranged units.The elite units are a nice mix of Warcraft 3 and DoW 2. They are very powerful and give you a reason to use them, but they have limited ability ranges and the best ones cost alot. The removal of any need to pay additional resources to respawn them after death is wonderful.The factions aren't completely different from each other, but the ways they are different are significant enough. For example, the Orks possess a defensive structure that helps to buff the Ork theme of mob tactics, while Eldar can move very fast around the field and strike easily from any range.The campaign is the portion where DoW3 suffers. The design of some maps feels poor or off to the extent that some missions are a slog to get through. I've enjoyed what I've experienced of the story, but the actual missions (especially when you are forced to play a faction you're not good with) are making finishing the story unappealing.Buy if you might want to play online."
76561198072878514,Recommended,285190,31822728,Posted: 18 May,all,164,"在150个小时的游戏过程中，我发现这是一作非凡的战锤游戏。虽然这个游戏现在充满了争议，但是我真切的希望这个游戏能够继续走下去。首先，这个游戏和战争黎明2是完全不同的游戏，但这并不影响他成为一部优秀的RTS游戏。画面有了很大的提升。多人游戏十分精彩，三个种族特点十分明显，我尝试了多种打法后，在150个小时的游戏过程中，确实能发现一些bug和游戏中不平衡的地方，但是我认为这些都可以解决。谈谈我对这个游戏负面评价的看法，很多人吐槽这一作不是他们梦寐以求的战争黎明续作，说难听点这游戏不伦不类，但是我认为这是一个革新，这是我从来没有见过的游戏模式，精英兵种，种族特性，游戏模式都是闻所未闻的。可能单人战役确实不如前作那么有趣，而且也很像是赶工的半成品，但是我愿意等待SEGA继续完善它。它将开启战争黎明作为一部战略游戏的新篇章。希望有更多人尝试这个游戏。After more than 150 hours gameplay, I found that this game is an extraordinary Warhammer 40k game. Although this game is controversial, I sinserely hope the game to keep running.Firstly, DOW3 is totally different from DOW2, but it does not mean DOW3 is not a good RTS game. The graphics improves a lot.Multiplayer matchs are very exciting. 3 factions all get their unique features. After trying to use different tactics, I discovered many bugs and imbalances throughout 150 hours gameplay. I still believe these problems can be solved by the arrivals of the oncoming patchs.Talk about some negative comments to the game. Many players said this is not a DOW game they expected. The game is literally not a thing, but I think new features are some innovations. I have never seen the gameplay pattern like this. Maybe the campaign in DOW3 is not as fun as DOW2's, and the game seems to be imcomplete, but I am willing to wait SEGA to make it better. When this is done, the game will give you a new image of how RTS looks like.Hope more players try this game."
76561198006683596,Recommended,285190,31515540,Posted: 2 May,all,Kain,"It is not DOW1 or DOW2, but thats okay...come over it"
,Recommended,285190,31851652,Posted: 19 May,all,Warseed,The game was fun liked the campaign and the online was fun as well. 3v3 was a turtle battle but that's was usually happens with 3v3 online RTS games. The skulls system is kind of stupid and didn't really like it. Overall I give the game a 8/10.
,Recommended,285190,31650857,Posted: 9 May,all,SsXxX,"please please please do yourself a favor by ignoring negative reviews and trying the game for yourself (u have 2 hours to refund u know)multiplayer is a blast of fun, graphics are awesome, gameplay is so innovative, its like a RTS/MOBA hybrid in a good way, its like the best of both worlds."
,Recommended,285190,31458864,Posted: 30 April,all,Kalnos,It's a large departure from its predecessors but it's still great fun in multiplayer.
76561198006570846,Not Recommended,285190,31676506,Posted: 10 May,all,foreverloyal914,"Very Colorful Graphics but the game play is Super simple and a bit monotanous. Build a handfull of buildings and Build in essence one or two specific lists and thats it. Not much Variety, Not much feel of uniqueness for each of the factions. Feels a lot like a random Sci-fi RTS game with Warhammer Skins instead of a Real Dawn of War game. SO Disappointed, I Should have waited and read reviews before buying it.Wish I Could Return this Game."
76561198005771336,Recommended,285190,31478446,Posted: 30 April,all,stateboozy,"The game really fun im a fan of the first war 40K and DOW 2. This does not remind of a MOBA i dont know why people think that. This game is RTS basically and too many haters for this game. I really like this game i hope they add alot of other armies like dark eldar, tyranids, sisters of battle, necrons, tau, imperial guard, and most probable chaos marines. Can't forget imperial guards."
76561197970324650,Recommended,285190,31590010,Posted: 6 May,all,DTYK,"Firstly, if you ignore the name, this is a good game. I'd even go as far as to call it a great RTS game. The action is fast paced, frantic, and battles are almost always guaranteed to get massive.However, having played all of the Dawn of War games, this is not a Dawn of War game. In fact, if they called it Warhammer: Something Else, it would have probably been received much better. The main issue is the fact that they removed 2 of the most signature features that people play Dawn of War for: cover system and sync kills.Ultimately, I actually really like it and recommend it. However, if you are here to play more Dawn of War, you'll be disappointed. If you are here to play more Warhammer, then I think you'd like this game."
,Recommended,285190,31492771,Posted: 1 May,all,Herbeh,"Game is good. The moba comparison is dumb becasue it just plays like any other classic RTS where you destroy your opponent's base but with 2 defensive structures in front of your base. Unlike some other games in the genre you can come back in the end game from behind if you defend well and get your giant hero, which makes it worth playing through to the end and not tap out to rushes. Because you always start of opposite sides of the map though ther's no reason to build a base anywhere but the middle of the map, but considering the Eldar can move their buildings anywhere that seems to be the intention.As far as units go, almost every single one has an active ability and positioning is paramount to not losing everything to an aoe, so the game is extemely micro intensive. The game is young but I'm guessing in a few weeks 10 control groups wont feel like enough to stand a chance online.It's not perfect but it's a lot of fun and people crying about DLC seem to forget how many expansions the previous 2 games had before they had all factions."
,Recommended,285190,31660178,Posted: 9 May,all,Aroou,"The year is 2017, a time where everything that is released is automatically bad, even before it comes out. I've gotta say though As a WH40k fan (here it comes) I enjoyed all three DoW games. Well crap... guess I'm not a true super legit fan according to harsh critics claiming that this isn't a game that fans asked for. I personally think each Dawn of War was great, while different in their own way. No guys, just because there are heroes/elite units now with special abilities, doesn't automatically make this game a MOBA. Dawn of War III is still very much an RTS, just like Warcraft III is still an RTS. In short, Dawn of War III is still very new with not a whole lot of content, but I'm sure with future material, updates and factions arriving throughout the year and later on, this will be a much more satisfying game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31463553,Posted: 30 April,all,Lemonsquid,"Contrary to the game title, this is not Dawn of War"
,Recommended,285190,32078459,Posted: 30 May,all,FALLBOT3,"Good graphics, fun gameplay, ok story. Overall its a solid game.I wouldnt price it at 60$ though. More of a 30-40$ game to me.Only complaint is Hord mode doesnt make a return. :("
76561198001982569,Not Recommended,285190,31503395,Posted: 2 May,all,Mealing,"DoW 3 is very shallow at launch with only 1 game mode for multiplayer and a very weak campaign. The campaign feels like something from a 1990's rts but with just a weaker overal combat style. The lack of cover hurts this game and there is a clear shift towards abilities being incredibly strong.The most fun you will have in this game is the small scale engages within the first 10min ish of the game. Counter play is strong at that stage of the game and the crazy bombastic abilities are rare. After this point the game devolves into blob vs blob combat with insane special abilities. It is weird that these abilities are not necessarily overpowered in terms of the game but they certainly make the game boring. Considering the recent SCII expansion made a similar shift (more special abilities and special abilities are quite strong) I see why they might of done this. However, SCII is suffering a slow death as this type of play is neither that fun to actually play or watch as a competitive sport. Seeing many units wrecked by X ability takes out the fun of RTS's. This game badly suffers from not knowing what the hell it wants to be frankly.So in sum: shallow at launch, flawed overall design that leads to generally dull gameplay, split personality disorder (none of the personalities are people I want to have a beer), terrible campaign with no co-op mode to even slightly make it more. . .palatable.I also very much worry about the Elites system. If they are ever included in DLC they will probably shatter the game balance or be♥♥♥♥♥♥and thus a con."
,Recommended,285190,35459945,Posted: 3 October,all,Stanley Rubick,"While the campaign and multiplayer are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is built on a solid platform, and I have faith that the emprah will bring it redemption with the coming DLCs"
76561198005571427,Recommended,285190,31508847,Posted: 2 May,all,Gen Greavous,"Excelent game i give it 8/10Pros:- more like dow1 than dow2, base building is back to dow1 style, less squad commander.- wide variety of units/ elites to unlock and skills to choose from.- nice graphics and music, also great voice acting and cut scenes.- little bit of the old games in like squad voice when you click on them ""for the emperor!""- fun campaign and a good RTS feel to the game, not like a moba at all.- continuation of the old games story lines and characters, although gorguts looks puny now.- online games dont take long to find a game.Cons:- only 3 races atm, but that will change with dlc.- only 1 game mode online and 3 maps (per player count), again will change with dlc.- resources seem scarce and eldar get the worst of it with the most expensive units (and weakest).- campaign was abit too easy, could have done wih a couple more missions.overall a great game would reccomend it to anyone, will change to 10/10 when more races, modes and maps come along."
76561198043636614,Not Recommended,285190,31653964,Posted: 9 May,all,Lubbard,Relic keeps stepping away from the first game and its expansions. The Dawn Of War series went from armies to squads and now heroes with cannonfodder. Made for multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,285190,31565884,Posted: 5 May,all,Supreme Grand Master K. Draigo,"I make this review quick and short, do I love Warhammer 40,000? Yes, absolutely! Do I love the Warhammer 40,000 Dawn of War franchise? Again, yes absolutely! So why do I don't recommend this game? Well, the problem is, I don't mind that it's not like the other Dawn of War's, trying something new, bringing fresh air into the franchise doesn't usually harm, but what I do mind is the fact that the content compared to the other Dawn of War's is -to stay polite- poor. I paid 60€ for this game and didn't recieve as much content as I got with Dawn of War II (With all Add-Ons) or Dawn of War Game of the Year Edition (With all Add-Ons) and I paid much less for both with Add-Ons included (Also Dawn of War and Dawn of War II had more content in their respective base games without expansions, at least I felt it was more compared to Dawn of War III, also the Story of both predecessors was a bit more interesting and lore richer I guess), I still do enjoy what I get from Dawn of War III, but I don't recommend this game currently for the full price tag! It hurts really hard to down vote this, but I have to, for the Emperor's sake!"
76561198254894690,Recommended,285190,31470514,Posted: 30 April,all,Molo,"Laid the foundation for a solid game even with the very rocky start. Campaign was ok. Patching in annihalation modes and turrets is A+ work. They have a lot to do in terms of winning back consumer trust, but at least they didn't ditch the game."
76561198039024944,Not Recommended,285190,31498298,Posted: 1 May,all,Nazauras,Loved Dawn of War  up till Dawn of War 2. The game leaned back more towards one this time but still managed to be crushingly dissapointed for a game I was so hyped for.
76561197975141514,Recommended,285190,31518828,Posted: 2 May,all,BizarrePsycho,"Like many people on here, at first I was feeling disappointed with the game.   That's because I started with the campaign.  Relic, go back to Risk maps please. It has it's moments, but I almost stopped playing because of it.  I didn't even think the story was all that bad, but the missions just didn't do anything for me. Bland is all I can think of.  That's all I am really going to say about it.Thank the Emprah I enjoy multiplayer and saw huge potential in the game mechanics.  The skirmish battles are fast paced and can swing drastically based on a good play or a bad mistake.  Despite that, even if you are down I always feel there is a chance to make a good move and swing the game back the other direction.  Can you blob as many units together and attempt to steamroll your opponent? Sure.  Can you the elite units to take on entire armies? Yup.  Can you kill elite units with smart use of normies?  You bet.  In a certain situation there may be a better route to take and I have been enjoying playing ever since I stopped messing with the campaign.  I feel like they have merged DoW I and II in a way I couldn't have seen coming.As far as the graphics, I love them.  Seeing a lot of complaints about the game not looking grimdark enough.  Fine, but I remember playing DOW II and at times it was almost impossible to tell WTF was going on.  Being able to actually play the game is more important to me than a spectacle.  This is a much cleaner style and I think it still captures 40k well.If you don't like multiplayer, well, wait.  Hopefully they will attempt to improve it.  It's currently pants on head.  Honestly, that might be why I didn't like the campaign.  I walked away for a few missions leaving the game running and came back with nothing happened.  This is after the base building part, mind you.  Relic, if you see this, I beseech you -- please, please, please fix the AI.  It's no fun to play against.TL;DR: Recommend with caveats.  The gameplay is great.  I feel like it kept the pace and management from DOW II while bringing back the large armies of DOW I in good fashion.  If you like multiplayer, I highly recommend.  Only want a campaign?  Nope.  Go elsewhere.  Just love comp stomps?  Hopefully this is fixed, but until then, avoid. That said, this has a lot of potential and I hope they fix the AI so that it is fun to play against.Also, can a brother get a Last Stand in here?"
76561198041573973,Recommended,285190,31509478,Posted: 2 May,all,Bzerka,"Im disapointed.Gameplay is quite slow going, you can spend 10-20 minutes just waiting for enough resources to build up to build an army capable of finishing some missions.The campaign was also quite short, I found my self sitting back and thinking ""Thats it? and theres no summing up the aftermath or consequences of the actions taken through out the campaign. You're sort of left high and dry.I read somewhere that there was supposed to be 20hours of campaign time. However i finish my campaign in roughly 17hours, and as stated above, on a fair few missions i would spend 10-20 minutes just waiting for the resources to build enough troops to finish the mission. Id say that the campaign takes 14ish hours without waiting for resources.Heroes are way to overpowered, this took away from the Strategy of the game and lead to constant headon clashes without thinking.(Always successful)Howling banshees, Assault Marines and Ork Boyz are far too squishy. After the 3rd or 4th mission i never built them again, useless.The only thing that i liked about dawn of war 2 was the cover system they brought in. It was fantastic, i would have loved to engage from cover to cover with a grand army, slowly having to flank and overwhelm another factions who were ""dug in"" But the cover-system is non existent in the game excluding the Prepositioned/unbuildable ""Heavy cover"" circles which can be captured but very quickly destroyed into an unrepairable state. These things are useless.Besides Listening posts (and Waah banners for the orks), there are ""NO"" static defence structures.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------How i would fix any of these issues:Heroes to powerful:-Through either buffing non-heroes or debuffing heroes to put more reliance on positioning and strategy.Gameplay is too slow (Mostly for Campaign):-Increase requisition income, Power is ok to have scarse.Early Game Melee Units are to squishy:-Add an upgrade on T2 or T3 which will help with these units survivability. By either providing health/armour boost or giving these units a means of escaping death.Lack of cover options:-I can under stand why it would be hard to implement a coversystem like that of DOW2's into DOW3. However DOW1's cover system was simple to understand and use. I would encourage adopting a cover system similar to DOW1's just for simplicity reasons and remove these"" Temperory Heavy cover shields"" that die instantly and cant be rebuilt.Lack of static Defence:-Static defence is nesessary, espesially if the Imperial guard are going to be added at any point. Bring back turrets.As a last note, Id also like to ask for ""relics"" or ""artifacts"" to be brought back so you can customize your leaders with them.There are alot of negatives in this post but I know this is just the start for DOW3. Figure out the bad stuff now and the game could become great.Thanks for reading.Bzerka."
,Recommended,285190,31758700,Posted: 14 May,all,EisenKreutzer,"Dawn of War 3 is, contrary to all the negative reviews by people who wish it was Dawn of War 1 or 2, actually a very competent RTS with an enjoyable if somewhat short campaign. I've had tons of fun with it, and I'll have tons more.I'll be keeping an eye on the competitive scene for this one."
,Recommended,285190,31632938,Posted: 8 May,all,SOUNDCARDWORKSPERFECTLY,"This game is getting a very undeserved bad rap. I don't think this was the game any of us would have imagined as dawn of war 3 or even the game relic made after COH2 but I don't think a viable argument can be made that this is not a well made game with good production value and competent mechanics that make an inventive attempt at tackling the isssues of the current rts market.Specifics:-The sound design (minus some audio glitches I experienced at launch that I think have been patched) is absolutely phenomenal. No generic sounds between factions at all, Gabriel's hammer makes a wonderful ""thwoooom"" everytime he smites a xeno and whenever a dreadnought smacks an enemy of the emperor it makes a wholly new sound I don't think has been attempted elsewhere like a murder train hitting a sack of flesh. All the eldar stuff sound very pew and exactly how you would imagine space elf guns sounding to evoke an eye roll in whoever is rightfully killing their pompous brooding forces. And the orks deserve a point all to themselves which I will list later.-The soundtrack to me was a huge improvement over DOW2 which always struck me as ""budget"". Some tracks are rather synthy and not the kind of thing you would expect from 40k which would be a grimdark bore choir with orchestral fare. Also there are little music stings for the events in game (killing an enemy elite, losing yours, winning a match) that are unique to the different factions.-So much love I feel was given to the orks, the doof wagon esque waaaagh tower is the perfect example of this when you activate its ability and it opens up with some rock music to hype up the boyz for a good krumpin'. All their weapons and vehicles look, move, and sound how you think they would by looking at them and by that I mean they work and move even though they shouldn't in reality. You got nobs with a big block on the back with a muffler and ehaust pipes shooting flames so they can be more killy. There are also little bits in the campaign that really capture the utopian ruffian fun of the orks that lets them be the comic relief while still being a credible threat to the other factions.-Spend some time in the army painter and elites screen and look at the quality of the animations. These are easily missed in gameplay due to the camera.-The campaign I would say rates about average in regards to the series. Relic has tried a lot of things to spice up their single player but they never quite do it right. DOW1 had a fairly bland story that the other games like to repeat (dark crusade had an interesting conquest style map instead and a wargear system similar to dow 2 but this didnt keep the generic, boring missions from making it meh). DOW2 was all about small scale tactics and wargear but your generic space marine gets a little tiresome as a character and again the story and mission types were pretty boring (chaos rising was probably the best overall while retribution suffered much of the same issues dark crusade did in the first game). DOW3 jumps faction to faction in their campaign and you spend plenty of time with each faction. I appreciated that the missions suited the different factions in their given situations in a nice way (small group of space marines mowing through countless orks, taking out the other bosses in the waaaagh to be the biggest greenest meanest ork, being a manipulative sneaky eldar playing politics) and while many missions I would say were uninteresting there were a few highlights. I can heap quite a bit of criticism in this category though due to them basically repeating the general story of DOW1 and throwing away the potential to even try to suprise with a 40k game story. Also the difficulty with objectives is often artificial and if you  understand that you can take as long as you want to achieve most objectives  while the AI does not put near enough pressure on you then there is no challenge. Overall the campaign was adquate but still disapointing they rehashed the same sort of story they have for two other games and the expansions.-Gameplay. This game is not dumbed down. Bring the hate. in fact this game is more complicated and requires more skill than DOW2 easily. I enjoyed DOW2 immensely but as an rts I feel it was a huge mistake due to its complete lack of base building and by extension much of the asymmetry you get in factions and build order strategies. Even when it was new it was a lesser game than the game it borrowed so much from, company of heroes, which had great base building and the great cover mechanics and vehicles. There is great asymmetry in the factions here with cheap tactics, brutal counters, ballsy build orders, but the one thing you wont see is turtling which really is just a success of the design of the game mode.DOW3 is a very cleaned up, faster paced, DOW1 (notice I did not say dumbed down) that I feel integrates lessons the developers must have learned from the resurgence of the competitive rts with starcraft 2 and the fall from popularity when the mobas took over.  Yes there is one game mode. Yes it has a moba like structure in that you take out objective points before the winning point in the other team's base. Yes the maps reflect this in their design with some sort of lane structure being present. People point to these as detractions or betrayal on relic's part on their beloved series but I would say it was a pretty daring and succesful decision. The game mode creates an urgency you don't see in a lot of rts matches that doesn't come with the APM required to out macro your opponent with resource gathering. You have to be pushing or you risk getting pushed when you arent ready. If you let your army get wiped out you will be punished by any semi competent player and pay dearly.I hope that the playerbase supports this game and lets it live long enough to get a good scene. These matches can be a lot of fun to watch and play with a lot of oppurtinity for upset when one side doesnt press the advantage or isnt paying attention. There will obviously be at least one expansion with a faction that has changed quite a bit since their last appearance in dawn of war and there hasnt been one yet that hasnt had the other big factions (Imps, chaos).In todays age of AAA game dissapointment I don't think people need to be flinging internet feces at Relic. This is a fun game and a good rts that has very good production value and feels like a complete package. It's not revolutionary or as unique as their previous titles but it deserves to have been made and be played."
,Recommended,285190,31457924,Posted: 30 April,all,Gzack,"This game is not DoW1 or 2, it's different. They shouldn't have said it was going to be like 1, but that's probably the marketing department's fault and not the dev team. This game is really fun, it's unique, and although some decisions are not like the previous installments, everything is put together in an intentional and thought out way.Overall, fun and enjoyable. I can't wait for the expansions! (hopefully SEGA won't screw us over too bad with $$)"
76561198009381204,Recommended,285190,31451814,Posted: 29 April,all,RexTenebris,"This isn't going to be a massively in depth review of the game. I am just going to state my opinion on the game and the huge backlash from fans that it is getting. I am normally the kind of person who actually enjoys media which gets a universal panning. For example, I liked Batman Vs Superman, I'm exited for Alien Covenant aside all the♥♥♥♥♥♥it's getting and I like this game. Here is the deal, I went into this game with a mind set to this being a solo installment, not the third in a franchise. ultimatley when you buy a game, you're not buying it because it's a sequel to a timeless classic, you are investing your time into something which you want to enjoy. I enjoy this game, A LOT! Yes there could be tonnes more content in here, 3 races and 8 maps is a little cheap. Still, I am actually loving this game, the fact that they kept modding a thing with the steam workshop was really cool! I understand for hardcore warhammer fans this game isn't astheticly pleasing for you and it's not ""grimm dark?"" enough. I don't want to upset you all here but, whatever? I just don't really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I feel the visuals are a yes, the gameplay for me is a yes and the game overall is... A YES!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!Chaos are in the end of the campaign so that means a sign for a 4th race? we'll see..."
,Recommended,285190,31909265,Posted: 22 May,all,Xostean,"TL;DR Version:The Game is fun, its on a well made engine and it looks beautiful bringing back to large battles of old. However it lacks content as there are only 3 races in the game. I'd wait until an expansion or race DLC is released---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Alright so, Dawn of War III, where to begin?I have a sort of love/hate relationship with this game, it is not as good as the original Dawn of War but nor is it the absolute nigerian trash bag that Dawn of War II was.This game has returned much to it roots in the Original, it is far more of an RTS game again than it is the confused RTS/MOBA hybrid that the second game was. Base building has returned and the only reminder of the second game are the elite champions you get in the early, middle, and end of the match (though these ones you dont need to waste resources buying them gear like its some sort of RPG)In terms of gameplay the game shines, units are responsive, they do exactly what you tell them to do. One of the biggest issues with Dawn of War 1 was gigantic blobs of units not able to move around because of pathing issues. That is non existent in this game, it does not matter if you have 1 squad of space marines or 20, they will all move smoothly and look graphically amazing.The biggest shortfall in this game right now is not the gameplay but the lack of content, the single player campaign is extremely ""meh"" generic 40k rinse and repeat story line. There are only 3 factions to choose (Space Marines, Eldar, Orks) which is a first since the other 2 dawn of war games both launched with 4. In a universe where there is 9+ main factions, 3 leaves you extremely wanting (sorry blood ravens). There are also only 8 maps (3 1v1, 2 2v2, 3 3v3) though the game does have a workshop thats being updated daily with community made maps.If you are an extreme fan of warhammer 40k and previous dawn of war games  then you may enjoy this game. The mechanics and gameplay are solid, even if you are not a fan of either you still might enjoy it because it just runs that well. It is a solid RTS game.However if you want my advice (and this comes from a 40k fanatic) wait until they release an expansion pack or announce DLC for more races to play as. The game is well made and fun but you can only play Orks, Eldar, and Space Marines so much before it gets bland"
76561198050719792,Recommended,285190,31900119,Posted: 22 May,all,Mr Crowley,"Great game but not without it's issues.  Massive, gorgeous battles that really nail the feeling of 40k art pieces.  The armies are satisfying to use, suitably asymmetrical and well themed.The story is fairly threadbare and the MP only has one mode but there's still a lot of fun to be had in both.  No ladder as of yet and no keybindings (really?) but well worth a run for any 40k/RTS fan"
76561197988823799,Recommended,285190,31472517,Posted: 30 April,all,TRICKST3R,Awesome game! Great visuals! Nice optimaztion!
76561198011204888,Recommended,285190,31494871,Posted: 1 May,all,Kiiandrii,"It's a good game, and the artwork is incredible. But it's just not the game I wanted for the series or as a 40k fan."
,Recommended,285190,31447209,Posted: 29 April,all,Ballistic Angel,"Final Verdict: Ninja MOBA that's masked as an RTS, but still enjoyable. If you love the 40k universe and can spend money, grab it, otherwise wait.TL;DRIt's a fun game. However, it is no where comparable to DoW 2, and even less with DoW 1. Most of the reviews you'll find, are those of ""diehard"" Warhammer nutjobs. Is it disappointing, regarding the esports route they went with? Yes. Is it a bad game which holds no replay value? No.It seems Sega and Relic attempted to cater to both RTS and MOBA fans, clearly desiring a larger audience. This is their mistake. You get some nostalgia playing the game, as well as having an enjoyable time using any of your favorite units from the earlier titles.But then you find yourself looking for more units, even a few more buildings. Sometimes clicking back and forth to micro manage your own play style, though it's missing, your left with spamming what's available.Although, when you up the difficulty or play with friends, you may find yourself a little challenge. Flanking, distracting and setting up choke points becomes exciting at times.So, in the end, there are instances you feel like a child playing their first dumbed down RTS - and other times, where you'll feel like it's the easiest MOBA to win. The younger crowd experiences the former, while most of us adults experience the latter.Again, it can certainly be fun, especially for the simple-minded, but in it's current state, this title is one to pick up on sale, because of the split audiences. Will more 'paid' content, such as larger maps and more units/factions help bring either audience closer to what they want?"
76561197975696502,Recommended,285190,32226354,Posted: 6 June,all,Sm@uG,"Have played all of DOW 1 and 2 and now loving 3, story mode is good, but only played online a little. missing the arena mode of 2"
76561198031475612,Not Recommended,285190,31411551,Posted: 28 April,all,redspartan23,Do you want to play leage with DOW skins? Then this is the game for you. If you are looking for great DOW game up to par with DOW I/II then RUN.... THIS IS NOT THAT GAME. It is a poor excuse for a DOW game. Refund in progress.
,Recommended,285190,31403400,Posted: 27 April,all,Pile_O_Gunz,Great addition
76561198080660373,Recommended,285190,32091508,Posted: 31 May,all,Daemien,I have a blast playing this game. My buddy and I are big warhammer fans and we have a blast playing. Cant wait for future expansions!
,Recommended,285190,31463520,Posted: 30 April,all,Boomer the GUY G[A]MER,"This is an excellent RTS. I thoroughly recommend it.If you heard it's a MOBA, well, It's not."
76561198023168670,Recommended,285190,32167195,Posted: 3 June,all,Fenix33,"I love this game.  Campaign is a bit bland, lot's of slow moments, but the overall gameplay and feeling of Warhammer 40K is spot on."
76561198340802751,Recommended,285190,31729370,Posted: 13 May,all,Dawnrazor,"""Blessed is the mind too small for doubt"""
76561198064589827,Recommended,285190,32073338,Posted: 30 May,all,Aka Kitsune,not perfect but still good to play with a great campaign
,Not Recommended,285190,32880865,Posted: 27 June,all,Snarky Milarky,"I loved the first and second Dawn of War, it's a shame they took everything that was good about both out of this game,  theres no real strategy in this game other than spam units and throw them at the enemy before they spam units and throw them at you.  I think the removal of the cover system and moral system was a huge downgrade i would have been fine to going back to DoW1 if they had TRUELY gone that route but most units besides your elites feel squishy and useless regardless of faction nothing has any actual strategic weight and the factions almost play the same because your units don't mean diddly"
76561198068472912,Not Recommended,285190,34462697,Posted: 24 August,all,poondaddy,Such a shame. Id rather play DoW 2 than this.
76561198038751398,Recommended,285190,32065943,Posted: 30 May,all,syafri88,"If you come into this game and expecting it to be like DoW 1 or DoW 2, you will be sorely dissapointed.It is faster than DoW 1 while being a bit less RPG than DoW 2.A new system and gameplay to play around? Sure. let's try it.Though, I am sorely disappointed on the story telling. They wanted to make it a cohesive story, a story in which I think it reflects the true story telling from the books. Though it failed miserably here in trying to deliver it.Jumping around between the races, not enough connections that you can make with the characters in the game. And seriously, just make a different campaign for all the races, rather than jumping around between the race and trying to deliver a good story.And DoW game series is ALWAYS about the Blood Ravens. They should be the star of the games! Not sharing it with the other xenos.All I can say, give it a try for a W40K games. But don't expect it to live up to the excellence of the story told in DoW 1 and 2."
76561198045955262,Recommended,285190,32621775,Posted: 21 June,all,HellSong,Game is very good. Just play time is not that long.
76561198090666334,Recommended,285190,31868973,Posted: 20 May,all,s0laris,"Check the negative reviews and you will see a sad pattern:-This game is downvoted because it is not a replica of DOW1-This game is downvoted because it is not a replica of DOW2-This game is downvoted because it is a MOBASo the game is downvoted by many because it is not another game. Makes sense, eh? :DNow for the game itself (and this is my opinion):Pros:-W40k art-Good graphix (this seems to be bashed a lot, purists are outraged that the game doesnt look garbage - ""grimdark"")-Enjoyable campaign story-Scalability of the settings-Built for esports (am not a good RTS player but i like watching streams so this is a plus for me)-Gameplay mixes DOW1 with DOW2, some new elements added-Sound design (personally i didnt like the new voice actor of Gabriel, but the rest is top notch)Cons:-Content could be more, only 17 campaign maps and 2 multiplayer maps in the current build-Missing Last Stand mode popular in DOW2-Lore discrepancies-Difficult - Check the other reviews, most stating that hero units are OP and the game is about blob against blob of units. This couldnt be more wrong. The fact that AOE abilities are very strong, you cannot afford to move your units in a blob or you lose the weaker ones sometimes to one or two AOE abilities. The game is micro heavy to a point where casual players are rendered hopeless against a half-decent player-AOE abilities too strong (see above)-Optimisation (the game wont run at stable 60 FPS on ultra settings with the recommended specs)-Only one multiplayer mode-EDIT: Not to forget, the music is forgettable.On its own merits and not comparing to the precedecessors, this game is a solid 7/10 in my book (actual gameplay is better than for example in Grey Goo which is a traditional RTS - a dying breed sadly...), can be improved into 8/10 easily if more content and multiplayer mode settings are added."
76561198182374298,Recommended,285190,32052141,Posted: 29 May,all,Tinydomo2,Good game overall 8/10
76561198275192189,Recommended,285190,32068129,Posted: 30 May,all,ricky.happyboy,"dawn of war 3 has done lot of changes and also like it those changes like again they start to produce infantry and construct building which no option in dawn of war 2 and chaos rising or retribution it very difficult to play that game because resources are limited , graphics are also improved and some skills selection are changed which good for us in the end i wanna tell only one thing the game is awesome but i can play only 3 mission till yet rest of the story tell later."
76561198018797589,Recommended,285190,31903818,Posted: 22 May,all,ShrewsburyFC,Very good game! Just needs some more content / races to keep it enjoyable!
76561197983973145,Recommended,285190,31406305,Posted: 27 April,all,JecJackal,"I really enjoy this latest addition to the Dawn of War franchise. I felt Relic went in the wrong direction with DoW 2. This game feels like a hybrid of 1 and 2. You have some base building (about 5-6 buildings per faction), and the smaller squad sizes, but the directional cover is gone. There is now heavy cover, which is remeniscent of DoW 1.Multiplayer is a lot of fun. It has a lite MOBA feel; each team has a base and a series of defenses that need to be destroyed in order to take out the base. Resource generation is shared within the team, and balance across the factions seems good. I really enjoy the aspect of customizing your army prior to playing a match; each player can custom tailor the factions to fit their own personal playstyle, so no two space marine players are forced to play in the same manner, or have the same bonuses.I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews; There was an open beta last weekend where anyone, even those who had not pre-ordered, could play the game. I feel a lot of these negative reviews are merely people hoping to get a specific game, but they did not pay attention to gameplay footage or participate in the beta."
76561198010232427,Recommended,285190,31527013,Posted: 3 May,all,Teal'c First Prime of Apophis,"I loved this game, I have played all the dawn of war series multiple times. Multiplayer needs to be fleshed out, but for anyone who is a fan of games like warcraft 3 or starcraft 2, this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,285190,31530845,Posted: 3 May,all,amazingjpgilson,"It's basically warcraft/starcraft with 40k characters, but I'm okay with that.  I would have liked a version that's closer to the table top, but noone seems to make a game like the Tabletop minitures that I grew up playing.So, I'll play this until I can find a game like the board/tabletop original game."
76561198007654683,Recommended,285190,31689929,Posted: 11 May,all,shaddragonlo,Fast paced action. Looks great plays great. RTS for any player who likes a good fight.
76561198013951910,Recommended,285190,31570673,Posted: 5 May,all,sahdrvx,"This a great game and I have played most of the warhammer games . This is not the same experience if your looking for more dawn of war 1 or 2 its definitley  different , for me all in a good way .At first you will be wondering what you got yourself into but give it a chance it will grow on you if you let it ."
76561198007443097,Recommended,285190,31487637,Posted: 1 May,all,illerkiller,"<Will update later with why, Im 2 busy playing the actual game at this point but had to upvote because of all the undeserved hate its getting>"
76561197963569840,Not Recommended,285190,31464848,Posted: 30 April,all,Sorielle,it's just not fun
,Recommended,285190,31403636,Posted: 27 April,all,Valuumify,Game's lit.
,Recommended,285190,31516327,Posted: 2 May,all,ChickenWyngzSA,"Ton of fun, and takes a chance with it's MP, and that chance pays off in my opinion. Plus Gorgutz."
76561198079105249,Recommended,285190,31612939,Posted: 7 May,all,RustyJimmies,"Overall I consider this game Mostly PositiveI have been a huge fan of DoW since the original, and I have played all of them and all their expansions. DoW 3 is as different from DoW 2 as DoW 2 was from DoW 1. If you're going into this game expecting it to be a clone of either 1 or 2, you will be sorely dissapointed.The GoodThe seemeless combination of MOBA and RTS works perfectly to me, and it really is a fantastic mix. I hope this style ends up becoming the future of at least a portion of the RTS community. The combat is a blast, and is much more similar to DoW 1 than 2. The cover systems have been removed, which I personally prefer because it greatly speeds up the pace of combat. Micro is much different than in the previous versions, but still equally as important and intense. Each race is vastly different from each other, and the play style of each is completely different.Some excellent additions have been a plethora of heros for each race to choose from, each being vastly different in use and which stage of the game they excel at. Additionally, you now get to choose bonuses for your race at the start of the match, allowing each race to play different from one another. This adds a great ammount of tactics and strategies you can use. No 2 Space Marines will play exactly the same; one may focus on flamers, dreadnaughts, and pinning fire, another may focus on listening posts and grenades. Each will be building different units, which will be different from the opposing teams coresponding unit.The BadThe game is incompleteIt launched with only 3 races, and 8 maps. 3v3 appears to be broken in quick match; 1v1 and 2v2 work perfectly, but 3v3 almost always ends in someone disconnecting.Balance right now does not seem to be even existant.Some races have a strategy that simply cannot be beat by other races. I am yet to see anyone who can beat the Eldar Rangers strategy with anything other than another Eldar. Myself and my friends have quite literally been running that strategy several games a day, every day since launch, just waiting for someone to counter it so we can see how it can be countered when we're not playing eldar. So far, no one has been able to. Although not all strategies work like this, there certainly seems to be some that are nearly without counter.ConclusionThe game has its flaws. And they are big flaws. But for every flaw, there are a hundred amazing things about it. Thus far, I reccomend the game completely. I have been having an absolute blast playing it with my friends, and it is simply beyond fun. If you're expecting a DoW 2 or DoW 1 clone, DON'T GET DOW 3. It's nothing like those two games, but it is still amazing."
76561198006630578,Not Recommended,285190,31579834,Posted: 6 May,all,letheron123,"We were told repeatedly that this would be the game that takes the series back to its roots, that brings back the big battles and even better, would bring in the scale of the titan units to really shake things up. Cut to the actual game and you have a game about hero units, where basically everything revolves around them and the big battles of the past are nothing but a distant memory.This isn't fun, it doesn't look good (were they designing this ready for a smart phone port?), it has no idea what its trying to be. I loved the first two games, and for me the only thing the series was missing was the sheer scale of the overall universe this IP is set in.If you want just another game set in the 40k universe, this is definitely that, if you want a Dawn of War game, don't bother."
,Recommended,285190,31426390,Posted: 28 April,all,Niffnoff,DAKKA DAKKA DAKKAYOU WOT? YOU FINK DIS REVIEW IS GUN BE BAD?I FINK THE GROTS WHO FINK ITS BAD GUNNA NEED TO TALK TO DA BOYZ.STORYZ PRETTY GUD. NEEDS MOAR DAKKA THO.ORKZ IS BEST. GUD MECHANICS FOR EACH UNIT. EVEN THEM 'UMIES.DUN WANNA SPOIL TOO MUCH THO. ORKZ IS MADE FOR FIGHTIN. THEM ELDAR NOT WURF MUCH.ENY WAY. IGNORE THEM GROTS WHO FINK THIS IS NOT A GUD MULTIORK GAME.IS A GREAT MULTIORK GAME IF YOU ASK ME.WAAAAAAAGH
76561198040057723,Not Recommended,285190,31733365,Posted: 13 May,all,Amanda g harris,"It feels good but it lacks a lot of depth in the multiplayer to really explore. The heroes are always a good idea, as they have cool abilities that impact the game in a unique way; but feel too dependant for the overall outcome of your match. And the Space Marines are just too weak unfortunately... Orks and Eldar are overall much better overall. No real push to use ranged units; as melee units can do everything better.Once you start winning/losing the early game, the game outcome is basically decided.I REALLY like it but feel there needs to be more."
,Recommended,285190,31479301,Posted: 30 April,all,Death,"5/10 It was okay.-Rogal DornIn all seriousnessPros-Pretty epic battles-Awesome cinematics-Music is pretty nice (not as good as dow1 and 2 but the main dark theme and ork theme are awesome)-Heroes/Knights  (DOW2 already has this but lets just give this to them)Cons-Space marines feel like ♥♥♥♥ing guardsmen-Cartoony as♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics-No DOW2 cover system instead we get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bubbles-No sync kills-Space marines die 2 seconds after being pew pew by eldar watergunz-Only 3 races??? 8 years since dow2 and only 3 races?!!??-Space marines are shiny lube marines now-Gabriel Angelos' hilarious body proportions and backflips-Some Ork voices are anoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥-Did i mention how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not lore accurate the Astartes are??If there was a neutral recomendation id put that, because i honestly dont know to recommend this or notDOW1 And 2 Did a better job lets just put it at that but i give it a barely passed thumbs up because its pretty fun too i guess"
76561198099165925,Recommended,285190,31699917,Posted: 12 May,all,-Furyy-,Not what people wanted but it is a great game overall
76561198086979180,Not Recommended,285190,31471377,Posted: 30 April,all,Phylot,Could have been so much better. Just read the reviews and make your judgement - its ot all doom and gloom but v v dissapointed!
76561198092043541,Recommended,285190,31447367,Posted: 29 April,all,< Beren > @Rage,I thoroughly enjoyed the campaign even though its a bit shorter than I would have liked. I believe the game has a lot of potential though and could turn into an even better game after a few custom maps have been released.
76561197995529629,Recommended,285190,31437397,Posted: 29 April,all,Ceesa,"Most of the negative reviews here are from people who played the game for a couple of hours and decided it didn't fit with their preconceived notions of what they wanted the game to be.The game is not a MOBA, nor does it feel like one.  This game plays very similarly to DoW II with the following changes:*new resource dedicated solely to summoning elite units*new capture point/resource gathering mechanic (only a slight change from DoW II)*slightly expanded base building*units move faster and there are more of them*removal of cover mechanics (except for bushes and things you can stealth in - there is no heavy/med/light cover)People have complained about the maps having lanes.  All RTS maps have lanes, and while the lanes might be a little more pronounced in this game, I never felt like I was in a MOBA.  The one exception is the campaign, where you get no options at all when moving from A to B.When watching streamers on twitch I was concerned that the game was too zoomed-in to be comfortable.  This has turned out to not be an issue.There's only one game mode and the map diversity is pretty low, but there is enough diversity in tactical choices, especially with your elite units, so that this matters less.  It's also not like no game has ever added new maps before.I LOVED DoW 1 and liked DoW II.  DoW III feels a lot like a DoW II which borrowed the idea of powerful hero units from a MOBA and some more traditional RTS features from DoW 1.  I'm looking forward to putting more hours in and mastering the game."
76561198018757157,Not Recommended,285190,31662408,Posted: 10 May,all,Go Tell Your Mom,"The game Aesthetic and graphics are awesome, i liked the Orks, But...This game was definitely a wasted opportunity:-The campaign could have been a good challenge if the A.I. wasnt so buggy and stupid.-On some missions it takes forever to build an army, the enemies never even try to attack you and they stay still sometimes when you attack them just like target practice,beat it  on HARD, it feels like you were playing it on EASY.(You can just turtle all the missions and win without even trying.)-The UI is a mess since it doesnt tell you how to activate somethings or how to unlock the stuff you want, it lacks soooo many options on graphics and hotkeys, feels empty.-The multiplayer part feels unfinished, again FEELS EMPTY...-Did i forget to say that the game FEELS EMPTY?..well its because it does, is like they launched the game and all of the sudden they remember they had another 6 months to finish it."
76561198040611328,Recommended,285190,31523068,Posted: 3 May,all,>-NightBringer-<,"Where do i startI was so impressed by this game and the way they have approached the third installment. I enjoyed the campaign and the way they combined all 3 story lines into one campaign very unique and added well to the game. Campagn kept me hooked and wanting to come back for more. Got 26 hours out of the game on hard mode and thats without failing a mission once. Really enjoy'd the challenege.At first the campaign motive put me off a little and dissapointed me when yet another choas antagonist was announced, but fear not the game still impressed me and i hignhly enjoyed it. I loved the inclusion of elite units, they were able to change the blaance of a battle or in some cases with a good army be a little OP but worth the excitment. Have tried out multiplayer and its safe to say its a lot of fun but a very competitve place to be, you need to be prepared to give it your all. Army painter was another nice aditon giving you the otpion to design your own paint scheme as you have done in most of the dawn of war games nice touch. The thing that drew me back into the gam the most has to be the end credits scene.*SPOLIER ALERT*The small end credit scene featuered the one and only necron lord himself! always been a big necron fan ever since paiting and playing tabletop in gamesworkshop as a kid and teenager. Dawn of war dark crusade was my favourite game and i cant wait for the upcoming dlc involving the necrons (assuming there is). So happy this happened and will be looking forwad to the inclusion of the race itself and what it will bring.Hate me all you want but In my personal opinion I would definatly advise hardcore fans of the franchise to go out and buy this game has its weak points for sure but most definatly has its strong points aswell. Even if your not a fan and your looking to start your first game in this franchise i would say this would be a great starting point. If its not for you but you do want it and its price tag is to much wait for a offer in the ear future itll be worth it.Thanks for reading!"
76561198012713072,Recommended,285190,31740417,Posted: 13 May,all,Soven,"The Campaign is a little RTS heavy, but its a good story. It feels because of the heavy RTS mechanics a lot of tactics went by the wayside for ""I could have 10 units just blitz it"" less heroes defining every small step."
76561198005415515,Recommended,285190,31734843,Posted: 13 May,all,ericslevine,this ggot it!! Justwish they ahd a few more factions to playwith.ame was well worth the wait and so happy I
,Recommended,285190,31444935,Posted: 29 April,all,Chrysus,Very similar to DoW but with enough changes to allow for a proper continuation of the series. +1
76561198047952002,Not Recommended,285190,31400191,Posted: 27 April,all,Bobby the Eagle,Very clunky ControlsBad Voice actingUnits dont path very well (they walk up to a wall and stand against it)$60 down the drain.
76561198027688658,Not Recommended,285190,31402168,Posted: 27 April,all,Matman,no cover systemno lootno seperate story arc for races1/10 would refund again
76561198006567788,Not Recommended,285190,32072729,Posted: 30 May,all,Meistermime,"Wait 2 or 3 months and decide then if you want to spend your money, this game needs dev. time!I've finished the campaign and played some of these skirmishes. I do like things from this game and I had as much fun as frustrating moments. But all in all I've been expecting more. And as long as they do not patch this game and develop it further I'd say that there are way better games for the same price or even less.Pro:- Nice Models (it lacks of good elite master skin)- Nice battle effects and a healthy content of gore- Good Maps for the beginning (but youll be bored soon)- Very nice control improvement compared to DoW 2- Solid idea with the army designNeutral:- Nice thing with so many abilities. But it needs some auto toggeling. In bigger battles youll be overwhelmed pretty fast. Because nearly every single unit has one or two of them.- Loore as excuse... sry if you're into the real Warhammer 40k and see a spacemarine in terminator armor jumping arround and swinging a hammer like Thor... and bring up a loore that roughly says: ""... because its special""... well for me a nope.- Only one skirmish mode which reminds you beeing in LoL/ Dota 2 (Not bad made at all, but it doesn't feel right either)- The Campaign is good meant O.K, but for me not worth to play more than once. Some missions gave me that good old taste of recycled contend... looking to you DoW 2Cons:- Way to many bugs (Game crashes, nearly unplayable missions,  FPS drops and lots of annoying ones like: frozen lvl up screens with delayed sound, missing ability display, missing unit healthbar for certain ones, Ilum Zar [AI] which can snipe units without sight, broken pathfinding especially on maps with cliffs, even the achievements are broken, highly unbalanced troups [especially AI Chaos]...)- Right now it doesn't feel like that the devs are really working on the main issues of the game...- The actually content is paper thin!!!"
,Recommended,285190,31808427,Posted: 17 May,all,KwoNG,"If Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III install everything hero or soldiers can equip item system, this game is 100%perfectNow Just is Dead Version RTS GAME."
76561197982181814,Recommended,285190,32093605,Posted: 31 May,all,Spooner,"Good gameplay, feels like warhammer 40k. I just wish they would tone down the one-shotting aspects of it a bit more."
76561198132257185,Recommended,285190,31498592,Posted: 1 May,all,Chris.T,Pros:Graphics are good for RTSIts Relic so we can expect longevity with DLCits 40kMultiplayer is actually good if you learn to play.Cons:Campaign is awful. It's almost a crude joke I don't understand why they even put it in. Seriously cutscenes are slideshows and the overall story and missions is pretty boring and underwhelming. Nothing like DOW 1 and 2 which IMO were very much campaign oriented games.Elites are still pretty stupid. Once you learn to counter them its not that big a deal but making one mistake vs a weird boy or macha and getting 3 units insta killed is annoying. I actually don't mind the 9/10 drop elites they pretty much suck and by time they get out 2-3 tanks will kill them pretty fast its the early game nukers that ruin the game at the moment.Doctrine unlocking is one of the worse systems I ever seen. The doctrines should be either unlocked automatically or you could purchase them with skulls... instead you have to grind Elite levels which is actually a bigger pain in the♥♥♥♥♥than it sounds unless you beat on AI all day or get a buddy to 1v1 you and feed each others elites.No ranked? its coming I guessThis might not be a Con to some but this game very much plays like Warcraft 3 and I hate warcraft 3 sooo it might be a positive for you.Compared to Beta things deffintely felt like they balanced out a little better on release but 1v1 is still aids and until they nerf some early units 1v1s are pretty much not fun at all to play because its the same opening every game.Overall- Game has potential. Woulda liked to see another 6 months of polish and work on the game before this release maybe sega rushed them to push it out which wouldn't surprise me because Sega likes to do that. But the negative reviews are pretty stupid and made by people who played like 1-2 hours which is literally like 2-3 games lmao. So if you wanna make your purchase decisions based off 2-3 hours of gameplay then that's you but with steam refund system it doesn't hurt to get in try a few games and then refund it if you don't like it. I think with few patches and DLC the game can have good longevity.
76561197971909642,Not Recommended,285190,31404736,Posted: 27 April,all,Ninski,"This game is not ready for prime time, but I'm hoping it will see improvements quickly. Menus and interface are garbage, there are lots of options missing, and lots of bugs trying to adjust the options you do have. For example, we can't seem to figure out how to adjust the scroll speed. When my friend uses the arrows or mouses to the side of the screen it zips around so fast he overshoots. My game scrolls at a crawl and requires me to hold the button down for a few seconds. Neither of us can figure out how to adjust it but we somehow defaulted to opposite speeds. Another example is that the page up/down buttons control camera zoom. Might be nice if I could map that to my mouse wheel, seems like a logical alternative. I don't see a way to remap ANY controls. Clicking through army painting menus feels sluggish. When I buy a $60 game I expect some polish, especially when it comes from Relic, who should be experts on this by now. Looks like there's already a day 1 patch downloading on my computer to fix ONE of the menu issues I encountered.The tutorial is incredibly boring and might as well be a powerpoint presentation. I started the campaign and it's just as boring, I have no desire to continue. Why are they locking units and making me grind to unlock them? Why is multiplayer a MOBA? (I wasn't in the beta) I bought this game for single player RTS campaign and RTS co-op with my friends, not some sort of MOBA nonsense.I am a fan of DoW1 and Dow2. Both were great games with lots of replayability in single player and co-op. This is neither of those games."
76561197997577304,Not Recommended,285190,31400177,Posted: 27 April,all,Gonadus,"wow, what a letdown. i love starcraft, warcraft, age of empires 3 and most rts games. this one is hard to move around and unnatural resource collection system, wasted 60 bucks , 50 gigs, and about 2 hours of my life. dont think i will ever try it again"
76561197979891826,Not Recommended,285190,31402157,Posted: 27 April,all,RellikGod,Im sure this is a great game. I had major control issues that made it unplayable. None of my keyboard controls will work or lag horribly. I have been having the same issues with the older Dawn of War titles.
76561197970326296,Not Recommended,285190,31400397,Posted: 27 April,all,ur Butt is Mine,dawn of war 1 was better
76561198030100180,Recommended,285190,31453781,Posted: 29 April,all,Big Hairy Walloper,"Ignore most of the steam reviews on this game, It's an amazing addition to Dawn of War. Majority of the reviews come from so called ""vets"" that are unhappy its not DoW1 remastered, and if it was, people would still complain.Honestly its the most fun i've had in an RTS online, each faction feels completely different and its like learning a full new playstyle each time.PLEASE PLEASE try the game before you listen to these self entitled warhammer elitist ♥♥♥♥♥ that think they know how to create games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31402380,Posted: 27 April,all,TOOONNAAAA,MEH
76561197971547321,Not Recommended,285190,31407340,Posted: 27 April,all,Dotnl,"Terrible game, No co-op campaign so requesting refund."
76561198010774618,Not Recommended,285190,31406601,Posted: 27 April,all,Wojossepi,"This is just my personal opinion on the game, nothing that I state is fact.First off I am a huge fan of 40k universe....still play DOW SS and DOW2. I thought this game was going to be hybrid of the previous 2, which it is, it just the not the good parts. what made DOW2 great was the leveling, looting, and gearing. In DOW3 they left out loot:( and the leveling is kinda of lame...no real customization imo. From DOW1 they brought base building into DOW3 but again very underwhelming, very simplistic, no real progression for building like in DOW1. Further more the game does feel like Moba/ARTS hybrid. All in all I found the game extremely boring with no challenge...to me there is no real strategy in playing this game; which is kind of a key component for a RTS. Also do not like the fact that there are only 3 playable races and also dislike how the main campaign keeps cycling through the 3 factions every mission. All in on I do not recommend this game at this time....perhaps if it was on sale for like 50% to 75% off....no way is this game worth 60$ imo."
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,285190,31406658,Posted: 27 April,all,Justin_760,"So far I am unimpressed with DOW III. On a technical level it feels sub par, graphics and particle effects are not terrible, but they are just ho hum. I have run into a few very minor bugs, primarily squad selection and interaction glitches. The UI looks garish and disorganized, and hotkeys/controls are slightly irritating. Why would they have the arrow keys move the camera instead of WASD is beyond me.Campaign is a glorified tutorial, and is extremely linear, setting you off down narrow predetermined paths with little in the way of variety. My main complaint is that there is no sandbox campaign, similar to the grand campaign in Total War Warhammer. The addition of a large scale skirmish mode would have greatly bolstered the appeal of this game, and the lack of one is heart breaking. The campaign is dull and uninspired in a way that kills any reason or motivation to replay it once completed.The multiplayer is half baked. This does not really bother me as I rarely ever play games online. Im typically not real great in competitive games, and usually get owned so I avoid them altogether. Many people are unhappy though considering the devs made the mindblowing decision on only including a SINGLE game mode. This is another design decision I simply do not understand. Multiplayer games nowadays rarely ever offer only one game type, and to see this is shocking. There are bots you can play against but they apparantly have terrible AI. I have not played against bots yet so I cannot say.This is yet another divisive Warhammer game. Its similar to Total War Warhammer in the way that it was a good Warhammer game but a terrible Total War game. This is a decent WH game but a terrible RTS game. Its gameplay is in some ways highly streamlined for accessibility yet unnecessarily complex in others.7/10. I am a HUGE strategy/4X/RTS game buff and it is with a heavy heart that I must declare this game unworthy of purchase. For $60 it is just too meager a package, and content wise, feels very light considering. This should have been $40, then it wouldnt have been a big deal if it had been lacking in areas. Outlast 2 was a game I thought was just ok, but since it was $40 at launch it didnt feel like an unjustified purchase.It would be safe to assume that this title will get the same DLC treatment TW:W did. Considering it is so meager content wise, it will almost definately get a healthy amount of DLC content. Dont worry, no anti-DLC rhetoric here, but I do feel that after some DLC this game will be much better, and its in desperate need of some. If moneys tight, I would highly recommend waiting for a more complete package, once theres a price drop and some DLC content this will be a much more viable option. For those who dont value $60 as a big purchase, this game is worth buying for WH/RTS fans.This isnt a bad game, its just a bit dissapointing. I played it for a very short time, and sadly I already felt done and uninterested in the game. Its a crappy feeling to reach that point so damn early in a game. Im on the fence about refunding or not, so hopefully things improve. I will update the review once I have more playtime, this is simply a critique of the game engine and general mechanics since I havent played long."
76561197964896951,Recommended,285190,31450777,Posted: 29 April,all,[OPP]SuperCow,"Game is fun. Needs a little patching and needs a new race to be added FAST but after playing 6 or 7 multiplayer games my general mood was pretty positive.Will I play it the hundreds of hours that I played DOW1 and DOW2? Maybe, maybe not. However, I think I wil definitely get my money's worth.If you only liked DOW1 I don't see why you wouldn't like this game. If you were only a huge DOW2 fan I can see you being a little let down. If you like DOW and Warhammer in general you'll have a good time."
,Recommended,285190,31403110,Posted: 27 April,all,RoyalDeath,"After a long time of playing Dawn of War 1, including all expansions. Then playing Dawn of War 2 including all expansions i was thrilled to hear there was a Dawn of War 3 coming. I followed the developing progress closely, read the interviews, played the betas. And i can say now the final product has arrived that I like it, a lot.I was anxious when i heard that they were going to try new things. And unlike a lot of DoW players and fans, i am open for new mechanics. The gaming industry evolves constantly, and so did Dawn of War. This will put a lot of players into a senseless rage screaming for old mechanics. Although the old mechanics were very good and solid, they needed something fresh. And this is it.Becoming enraged because you played the open beta and you did not like it, is completely fine.If you do not like the product for what it is, that is fine aswell.But reviewing a product on a subjective basis because you do not like the fact that there is a new game mode, not so much.If you feel cheated our of your money, that's why there is a refund system.If you like the old mechanics more, that's why the older games are still very active.For me, i like the new product a lot and I hope it will become a new product with a long lifespan.The same happened when CoH2 arrived, people screamed out for the old CoH.However it is now doing more then fine.For all the people liking Dawn of War 3, see you in Battle.For all the people not liking Dawn of War 3, i'm sorry it is not what you expected.Hope was for you the first step on the road to dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,285190,32039579,Posted: 29 May,all,Hinghoi PC Faster,"Game is toxic but Mod even more toxic,especially Gorbles guy.locked every negative thread.but you can spam 14 threads in 10 minute to bury other negative threads without getting ban if you write about praise the game."
76561198036654857,Recommended,285190,31613445,Posted: 7 May,all,ivan.davila,"I would like to have something more than a yes or no for recommend. I give this game like a 6/10. Its descent and I love the universe but I can't shake the feeling that the story slow for the sake of being slow. I liked the pace of DOW 2 because it was very tactical, no base, heavy on the micro but the resource gathering is snail paced here. There are moments in the campaign where you are there just waiting for your resources to fill... the armies feel really small most of the time and when they are big I personally have no idea whats happening on the screen and I think this is due toe the units being able to mix together and stack on top of another, maybe improve pacing..."
76561197993495787,Recommended,285190,31408350,Posted: 27 April,all,John Wesley Harding,"GOTY for me. Exactly the game I was looking for. Loved Dawn of War 1 & 2. Love the Warhammer setting. Love this. RTS is my genre, this is right up there with the Total War series and Age of Empires. WWWAAAAAHHGGGGG!!!!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31408843,Posted: 27 April,all,[.TPoA.] Ironsky,"What can I say, it is disappointing.Stripped barebones experience, trying to be a moba, while wearing Warhammer disguise.Tactical aspect is completely removed. No way to make proper defences.Damn. I don't see them turning this one around.Removed features include cover, suppression, and panic/fear. Eldar farseer model is larger than space marines. Dire avengers are same height with terminator squad. Uncanny valley, here we go.How is Dreadnought ""heavy infantry""?"
76561198063464734,Not Recommended,285190,31408858,Posted: 27 April,all,nikki,"If you plan to buy this game for it's single player content, I recommend you don't.The so called campaign is utter rubbish, and nothing like you would expect from DoW 1 or 2. You do not have upgrading of elites, no equipment, nothing that made the previous two releases fun.You do not even have faction campaigns, instead you have one single campaign that alternates missions between all three factions. If you dislike one of the factions, you are out of luck, you have to play them in order to be able to play the further missions of the campaign.The missions themselves are fun to play (except when you have to play them with a disliked faction), but that does not make up for the missing campaign system.I absolutely adored the first two games, but I really regret buying this one. Unfortunately, you waste enough time with tutorials and the first mission to leave the one hour refund period."
76561197990886767,Not Recommended,285190,31409242,Posted: 27 April,all,Kaptain Kiwi,This game needs some serious loving before it is worth picking up.
,Not Recommended,285190,31406874,Posted: 27 April,all,StarlakeBoat,"No base building, this is just another D*TA or L*L game."
76561197989973193,Recommended,285190,31425999,Posted: 28 April,all,Kaje,"It's not perfect by any means, but it is a fun game.  People just hate it because it's different from previous entries, just as they hated Dawn of War II when it was different from the first game."
76561198193552481,Not Recommended,285190,31809047,Posted: 17 May,all,joe_89,Like the eternal crusade really wanted to like this game. I do not. First of all the campaign is mediocre at best. I do not like the fact that you have too switch between factions. I do not like orks or eldar thats why when i play them i have little interest of immersing myself in their storyline making the whole thing more of  a chore (just want to get those missions over with). As menthioned before by others it is also repetitive (would also be nice to have checkpoints or autosaves). Now the whole team change would be fine if the story was great and honestly it is not in my opinion (e.g. i was actually interested in trying other factions in previous games). Custom matches and multiplayer feels like starcraft- to me it is not a good thing. Base rush; hordes on hordes etc. Space marines can't build turrets to protect the generator ensemble? Base building is ok. Animations is cartoonish indeed. The first DOW had a dark feel to it- i cannot say the same for this one. There is little redeeming about this and honestly i am thinking really hard to think of something as I am writing this. Maps are very small. The idea of faction bonuses is a good one but poorly executed. Units are very weak. Heroes very tough. There is a lot of smaller details that i find either annoying or awful. Hopefully with new DLCs there will be something more to this. But ikinda want to state the obvious give us DOW 1 with better graphics and a new storyline. Keep charcter progression and gear from the second one. ANd Blood and Animation (dreadnought ripping some orkboy in half)P.S. If you have two language keyboard you cant switch between languages and the game blocks it from your bottom bar when you quit so you have to restart your pc.
,Recommended,285190,31474978,Posted: 30 April,all,SoViEtTaNkT34,"This is the best Dawn of War Title since Dark Crusade.I loved DoW 1  and did appreciate Dawn of War II but DOWIII to me feels like a good hit between the two.  It's definitely closer to  DOW1 then 2.Hero Units are like Warcraft III, they hit hard but thats the point.This is an RTS where I still have 40+ min multiplayer battles for contested points.I find the  ""lane system"" Shield, Turret , Core while borrowed from MOBA's are nothing new .  I played on Red Alert 2 maps that had simliar  ""lanes.""Its funny when people want a ""Real RTS"" and they get one  (Grey Goo , DoWIII) with innovations they T_T.This is a top notch title. and people complaining that its ""just a MOBA"" are missing out."
76561197993262737,Not Recommended,285190,31439824,Posted: 29 April,all,Exzit,"The game is overall lacking in my opinion.There are very few maps, only 3 races and only one gamemode, becasue of this the game becomes boring really fast.There are very few ways to impact a fight outside of the hero system, and the game quickly becomes a blob vs blob grind.The one thing the game does good are the hero untis, they feel and are very powerfull. So if you are looking for hero units destroying lots and lots of enemies you are going to get that in this game. This also means that most other units feel almost worthless next to the hero units.The heroes are however not gonna scale in any way, once you get a hero unit its as strong as its gonna get, which is a downside in my opinion.If you want a Dawn of War experience you are not going to get it from this game, and you are probably going to be extremely dissapointed if you wanted something similar to DoW 1 or 2.However if you just want a warhammer strategy game you will probably enjoy this game, atleast for a little while.Right now i do not feel like the game is worth the price and i would recomend most people to wait for a sale to get this game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31439976,Posted: 29 April,all,Panda Bro SouthernSoldier,"I really wanted to like this game. I loved having an imperial knight just slaying bodies........... but then I was on the end of that beatstick.... then on the end of a whirlwind spam....... then on the end of other unit spam. The Army Painter is very rudimentary also, I was expecting the ability to make custom chapters with logo's and the works, nothing like this at all. When one is promised the ability to make a Flesh Tearers chapter and then all you have to edit is 3 color portions......I love warhammer and love the tabletop, I've played both the other DOW and liked them some more some less but this was not very fun."
76561198006785071,Not Recommended,285190,31439986,Posted: 29 April,all,johnnythealco,"I’m a big 40K fan and I've been a Dawn of War fan since the very start. I remember being blown away by the opening scene of the Dawn of War.When DoW 2 came out I was a bit worried about the lack of base building and the smaller squad sizes but when I played it I thought it was amazing and it's still one of my favourite games to date.I was really looking forward to DoW 3. The graphics are amazing and that's about all it's got going for it.No Co-Op campaign, no rotation on the camera view or camera angle, no loot pickups or equipment, no levelling up of characters. They’ve nerfed the cover system to basic zones of heavy cover, infiltration cover etc. without any modelling of the units using the cover and there doesn’t look to be the option to put units in buildings etc.They seem to have simplified the combat mechanics to make the game suitable for e-sports and lost everything that made DoW2 great in the process. I wish developers would realise graphics alone don’t make a game great or even good.I can’t recall being more disappointed with a game.I returned it and I’m happily replaying DoW 2 Retribution."
76561197997695290,Not Recommended,285190,31440940,Posted: 29 April,all,Heretic13,"Like many others, I was hoping for a return to the original greatness of DOW 1. However, I was to be disapointed in that fact. I play mostly singleplayer in nearly all my games, and this juvenile headbashing BS is not what a strategy game is. A 3 year old could play this game. Win tactic: Get big army. Throw big army at enemy and hope your army is bigger. I cannot recommend this disappointment to anyone who has played the other DOWs or strategy games in general"
76561198015668087,Recommended,285190,31650493,Posted: 9 May,all,Geebs,Personally I don't understand all the negative reviews this game is getting. Its a solid RTS game thats tried to do things a little differently. The mechanics are solid and enjoyable to use. As a League of Legends player of 5 years I can assure you that anyone saying this is MOBA has never player a MOBA before.My advice if you on the fence on buying DoW3 would be to ignore the negative reviews and just go for itRating: 8/10
76561198037565250,Not Recommended,285190,31418988,Posted: 28 April,all,DarkLord51,Was all hyped up for the new DoW 3 got it installed played a little bit.  Now im bored the game was everything i hoped it wouldn't be. PvP is a joke there is no more survival mode wich was my favorite and no more co-op campaign or items to mod your guys out with wich was the best part imo. Relics standards for makeing a good game have drastically dropped from epic to wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is not worth the $60 its not even worth $20. its graphically pleasing and that is it. if your looking for a good DoW game this is not it dont waste your time or your money on this game unless you enjoy disapointment.
76561198065414901,Recommended,285190,31485751,Posted: 1 May,all,Incognito,"So my past post got cleared so here is the short version.1. I think the game is still fun because who doesn't like having a boat load of units killing everything.2. I don't think people should compare the game to DoW 1 and 2 as both those games were also different from each other.3. The game definitely has issue which I won't disagree with, we can all just hope that the Devs have plans to listen and modify the game in future patches.So we will just have to see how it goes but I have played both other DoW games and I still enjoy this one."
76561198027992961,Recommended,285190,31440919,Posted: 29 April,all,Joker MD,"*Light spoilers aheadLike I said in the forums, just think of this game as a different, brand new IP that never had any earlier iterations.. and you shall be fine.good, if not decent game. Give it a try.Be warned, I hated the final campaign mission though.. its like soloing roshan while controlling two tank, and one support hero.. and the AI ally is practically useless in skirmish, meh.but apart from that, it was generally fun."
76561198073046376,Recommended,285190,31410838,Posted: 28 April,all,Redolent,"Plays well. Looks great. Has the potential for myriad interesting DLC. It's atmospheric, immersive and does the table top justice aesthetically.I would suggest you ignore the butthurt, anhedonic folks braying 'MOBACARTOONSTARCRAFT', at any opportunity. I suspect they are a loud minority.I've played 40 hours (incuding the open beta) and I tentatively feel this may be the best entry to the Dawn of War series yet."
76561198021392961,Not Recommended,285190,35430586,Posted: 2 October,all,mcbride,campaine is slow multiplayer ok soulstorm is better
76561198004885653,Recommended,285190,31498658,Posted: 1 May,all,Isidoros,"I played and enjoyed both DOW 1 and DOW 2. First I never understood why DOW 2 got as much hate as it did other than the multiplayer wasn't very good and the campaign was more rpg like than rts like (though depending on how you played you could make it more like an rts). DOW 1 while I enjoyed the story in the campaign didn't seem all that much different than any other rts at the time so I got bored with it quickly after finishing the campaign. DOW 2 on the other hand had something I believe was the best thing to happen to the DOW series the DLC The Last Stand which I strongly believe made up for any issues with any other part of the game.Enough about the previous games DOW 3 in my opinion is more like DOW 1 than DOW 2  but has aspects of both games. I have been waiting for years for DOW 3 to come out and I was not disappointed the gameplay and campain are fun. The multiplayer while lacking different modes is different from the typical rts. While I feel over all there is some lacking in content that can easily be made up with in DLC's and expansions. Other than some stability issues that is really my only complaint about the game as we only get 3 races; though, they are very uniqe in play style much more so than the previous games.The only thing I can say is that I hope for more content and game modes in the future especially for The Last Stand DLC to continue with of course some changes to make it more uniqe just as DOW 3 itself is."
76561198065927384,Recommended,285190,31498764,Posted: 1 May,all,Cyborgimus Prime,Game is fun. But a big down fall is the fact you only have 3 races to play on release. Compared to other DoW games which had 4+
76561198006962367,Not Recommended,285190,31466280,Posted: 30 April,all,Jaccouille,"Getting tired of those ""This is not like Dow X so this is♥♥♥♥♥♥"", too much hate isn't good for health guys.Let's try to give an objective review to this game without comparing it to the previous DoW games.EDIT : I switched this review to negative because the replay feature and player profile window are  totally broken, this is unacceptable for a triple A game.Graphics are good, there are plenty of details on screen if you pay attention to it, like explosion's holes or dead bodies lying on floor, environment is well made. Game run smoothly, even on 3v3, no lag, no freeze, no crash, no game-breaking bug. Loading takes like 15 to 20 seconds.Audio : General audio is ok with orks and eldar, however I don't like spaces marines part, didn't really feel like you are commanding the mother♥♥♥♥ing chosen of the emperor, I want to hear more ""FOR THE EMPEROR!"" or ""ENNEMYS OF MANKIND MUST PERISH!"". My favorite quote is from eldar dire avenger : ""Feast on this plasma wretches!"".Music is forgettable, it fits the atmosphere, but it's just not memorable, unlike the soundtrack from Dow 1 & 2.Gameplay : First of all, this is a RTS, adding a game mode where you have to destroy 2 - 3 turrets and a main objective doesn't make it a MOBA. Sadly there is only 1 game mode in MP, in every RTS you have annilhation mode, it's a must have, if you need 1 game mode, this is the one you have to put in.So this game mode, which I will call power core mode isn't a bad mode actually, it fits the RTS genre, you have to destroy a main objective localized in front of the ennemy main building. The objective is defended by towers, towers can be weakened by destroying 2 or 3 generators. Each time you destroy a tower / generator, you gain resources.Cheesing or base rush isn't possible since there are tower protecting the base.In order to seize advantage on your opponent, you have to secure resource points on the map, you have to build resources generators on those points. Some game can be pretty long (30 - 50min) in 3v3 since people doesn't really know how to play yet, you really have to deny ennemies economy by destroying their resources generators.Each races got different playstyle, I actually like this part, I would say they are well designed, 9 elites + 10-12 units per races. They are lots of way to have fun in 3v3, I like to sneak a scout behind ennemy lines, then drop a bunch of my army on his production building, just like in DoW 1.Base building : Only defense building you got is the listening post, production building heals and reinforces units nearby.Elites & doctrines : You have to chose 3 Elites & doctrines before the game start. Elites are stronger than basics units, each ones got differents abilities/passives, some are big AoE spell damage, some are buff for your army. Doctrines are small bonuses added to your army, it can gives an ability to an unit (frag grenade on tsm) or simply stats buff (shield which gives more hp). The big idea is to prepare a army composition / strategy around those elites & doctrines.Honestly they could have just make elites like other basics units, buildable in production building, would have been cool to be able to build 9 additionals units ingame, same goes for doctrines as upgrade. But I guess new game, new rule, why not after all, modders will do their job.Maybe the devs doesn't want the player to get confused/lost by having too much choice between units and upgrades.Most elites and doctrines must be unlocked using ingame currency called ""skull"", you get skulls by playing games in solo or multiplayer, I got 3500 skulls after finishing the campaign in hard mode. Each elites cost 200 skulls, you have 6 elites to unlock by factions, doctrines cost 50 skulls. I don't know why they did that, maybe to force new player to do the campaign.Campaign is pretty normal for a RTS, nothing really memorable, missions seems a bit too long to me, 5 spaces marines/eldar/ork, took me 13 hours to finish it in hard mode.User interface in the menu is bad, doesn't feel really responsive/well-designed, it really needs a update/more work.Game feel really oriented toward competitive/e-sport, I actually like it this way, others may not.This game isn't bad, I wouldn't say it's good because they are a lot of small mistakes that are unacceptable for a company big as Relic. I think it can become really good, but it will need the support of the community and time.To me this is worth 30 - 40€, too much flaw, yet I am still having fun with my friends online, so I will give a positive review, plus the teaser for the next faction after the end credits made me really happy, just hoping DLC will be worth its price (♥♥♥♥ you SEGA).If you havn't bought it yet and feel hesitant, I recommend to wait and check how the game evolve.I don't want to write anymore, if you want more information, I suggest to watch TotalBiscuit video on youtube.Sorry for my bad english, feel free to quote my mistakes in comment if you want."
76561198021737317,Recommended,285190,31420066,Posted: 28 April,all,Shaft Head Tilt Pandemic,"As a huge fan of the DoW1 games and to a lesser extent DoW2, I’m enjoying DoW3. While I felt that there is a lack of units and customization for elites (like wargear), it does a decent job of giving a fast-pace feel which was one thing that I disliked in DoW2 as I felt I was making no progress other than just poking the enemy team.The size of the battles and scale of the units reminds me of DoW1 (with mods) which is a pleasant surprise as I wasn’t too sure which way it would go when I first heard about DoW3 being made.It’s a shame there isn’t camera rotation and a limited zoom as one thing I loved to do in DoW1 was to get real close in the firefights and watch the chaos."
76561197989169994,Recommended,285190,31415815,Posted: 28 April,all,Sacmo,"I dunno why so much hate. I cant speak for the other angry customers but I am going to be blunt. I find the game fun and entertaining with friends. If you want to have good RTS fun with some friends I think this is a great game. I cant comment on the single player aspect, however the multiplayer is a bunch of fun."
,Not Recommended,285190,31402318,Posted: 27 April,all,TendererMold,"It's an imbalanced mess, with meh optimisation and a lackluster campagin compared to before, do not buy at its current state as it is NOT worth the money.I am attempting to get a refund for this mess as I believed they could fix it. But it's too little, too late and steam is refusing to give me a refund because I had faith in the developers."
,Recommended,285190,31405615,Posted: 27 April,all,ides,"Played quite a bit of the beta and its been a while since I've had this much fun in an RTS. Really hope they add new races asap though, would love to see Tau, IG, Chaos, and Tyranid in this games format."
,Recommended,285190,31402043,Posted: 27 April,all,Deschain,"Edited 10.7.2017 Sure, game suffers with some bugs, and bad dev decisions, but they are listening and working on it, current state of game is quite enjoayble multiplayer experience, which will get better with more races, more gameplay mods, and some of bugs removed. Biggest problem there is constant bashing from people who decided game sux and thats it, therefore player base is in decline, but like i stated in my original review given time it will grow great (annihilation mode was first step in a good direction)Original review: Its a great RTS game dont get fooled by negative reviews, sure theres only three races but more will come sooner then later (my bet is Imperial guard) it builds on great ideas and given a time it could grow into best RTS with warhammer thematics"
,Not Recommended,285190,31410741,Posted: 28 April,all,Booral King,not like dow1 or 2it's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ with♥♥♥♥♥♥stained♥♥♥♥♥
76561197983068284,Not Recommended,285190,31410833,Posted: 28 April,all,EvilZombie,"it's a dumb down version!!- Cover system is bad even cover system from dow1 is better then this!- 100% accuracy!! HOMING ROKKIT !! compare to the previous series- only Normal and Heavy Armor!- Terminator, Nobz and building = Heavy Armor = use tankas to counter them with 100% accuracy!- there nothing like morale system which was great in DOW1yup even the devs wanted to compared with dow1 and dow2 therefore this is a very BAD GAME it's a step down from previous series !!! screw those fanboys!! they need to get a life and face the facts!!it's made for newbies! and fanboys are strong in this one, they will attack you if you point out dow3 game mechanics are dumb down so much and design for newbies !!well there are a few great things like orks are now like mad max fury road war boys! specially the new waaagh tower!Some elites are underpowered, i have no problem with skill ability that 1 shot wipe out entire army it's because you are bad in placing troops."
76561198022829261,Recommended,285190,31453073,Posted: 29 April,all,Minmatar,FANTASTIC!  Best Campaign i have played ever in a RTS.  multiplayer is challenging and working out the best setups of doctrines to get the job done is probably the biggest challenge.  I was a Dawn of war fan way back when.  hope to see expansions for this game!  great job Relic and Sega for making this possible!  thank you for not giving up on Dawn of War!
76561198022449486,Not Recommended,285190,31428534,Posted: 28 April,all,DreadLance,"Wow just wow this game can't decide what it is.  How the hell are you going to combined a moba with an rts?  Ruin my favorite rts and my hopes for a new one.  This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥don't bother buying it.  Even with relic backing them its a joke.  Small♥♥♥♥♥3v3 moba maps with base building in between is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.   I hated the removal of the rts role in the series and now its beeing used to pull old players in just to♥♥♥♥♥♥on them.  Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥right and just make a damn rts that follows the lore.  Crushed, I had high hopes for this game.  Looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥must be♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198011535425,Recommended,285190,31496298,Posted: 1 May,all,Dreadchild,"multiplayer is fun with friends, story is pretty good.  I like it better than dow2"
,Not Recommended,285190,31398400,Posted: 27 April,all,Lotan flan,"game runs very poorly dispite me good setup, the FPS was very low almost unplayable and the game freezes before i can finish the first level"
76561198012662920,Not Recommended,285190,31402494,Posted: 27 April,all,Silverian,"Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III is like Command & Conquer 4 was to Command & Conquer franchise poorly executed attempt to evolve gameplay to make game new and fresh.Graphics even at highest setting make game feel like its a cheaply and quickly made Warhammer themed moba. Units swing/shoot their weapons at much higher speed than in earlier Dawn of War games making game look like its being speeded up and armors like they are weightless.Theres much i could complain about this game like its campaing being switch between three factions making it feel like short story told from 3 different view points instead of you choosing one faction to lead in fight againts other two.Overall in my opinion Dawn of War III is medicore game which fans were excepting rts focused campaing like Dawn of War 1&2 instead of something new that feels like a moba due to graphics and attack speed. Warhammer franchise has become♥♥♥♥♥♥in last few years this is nothing more than lazy cash grab.Dawn of War III is not worth 60 euros. I would suggest to buy it in year or two when they have made all dlc:s and selling it all for 30 euros or less."
76561198006981628,Not Recommended,285190,31402544,Posted: 27 April,all,DedJim,"Game is such ♥♥♥♥ing garbage! So much worse than COH2, and COH2 is awful. Input Lag. No balance. No cover. No strategy. Graphics aren't great. No many types of units. Grind walls for abilities. etc etc. This is not a strategy game, just a bad moba"
,Recommended,285190,31402313,Posted: 27 April,all,Jay Serenade,It is a great game got 20 hours in beta really is a work of art. (YES IT'S NOT LIKE DOW1 or DOW2 but its a great game in itself and definatly shows a different style to the game)
76561198034266954,Recommended,285190,31405108,Posted: 27 April,all,gotty75,"I LOVE THIS GAME,WORTH  THE WAIT."
76561197983114952,Recommended,285190,31405093,Posted: 27 April,all,Wraith,"Enjoying this game for what it is. I have played DoW 1 & 2 previously, and enjoyed both for different reasons. Yes, this could have been better. But approaching it as a standalone game I am very much enjoying it."
76561197970398305,Not Recommended,285190,31405957,Posted: 27 April,all,Col. Duke LaCrosse,"If you are a fan of MOBA's you might enjoy this  game.  If you are a fan of the Dawn of War series, give this one a pass...not worth it."
,Recommended,285190,31401495,Posted: 27 April,all,Letholdrus,"Great game, thoroughly enjoying it. Really hope we get the IG soon!"
,Recommended,285190,31454278,Posted: 29 April,all,HudBudd,"Dawn of war 3 is a great take on the series, in my opinion. The arguement that Dawn of war 3 is nothing like the others is ridiculous. Dawn of war 2 was NOTHING like 1, but it gave a good change of RTS to the series. Why remake games? You can still play the others."
76561198014292587,Recommended,285190,31454400,Posted: 29 April,all,Swarmling,I gotta say. im really enjoying this game i love heroes of the storm. and the team Moba style this brings with the RTS plays out really fun.only down side is i wish we had more units and maybe more races. but this game is off to a good start.
76561198130087945,Recommended,285190,31455183,Posted: 29 April,all,Fraters,Recommend this game! Excelent!
76561198054015855,Recommended,285190,31405220,Posted: 27 April,all,Kamikiri,Pretty amazing game.
76561198030675929,Recommended,285190,31405252,Posted: 27 April,all,Glory Maelstorm,"pros:well since im not a hardcore warhammer fan, the game is really optimised with my gaming laptop (GTX1060). It has been a while for a good base building RTS game and DOW 3 brings that feature again. The units are varies enough and each unit has unique skills. The battle is much bigger than previous DOW series. The graphic is catoony, but for casual warhammer fans that might be not a problem.Cons:The camera is too closemore races are needed to increase experienceno cover system like DOW 2overall:the game is trying to reach new and old warhammer fans in the same time. With the change of the graphic/art style, some people might not like it. But it works pretty well with my gaming laptop. I guess for those who are looking for RTS game this might be a good one, while for those of hardcore warhammer better wait till discount."
76561197970834111,Recommended,285190,31408056,Posted: 27 April,all,DeathDealerQ,"Most of the negative reviews can be summed up as ""Why didn't they remake Dawn of War I except with prettier graphics?""The game is perfectly fine, and even enjoyable.  If you enjoy RTS games, odds are you will enjoy this.  Ignore the fools nitpicking over pure nonsense and give the game a try."
76561198003106039,Recommended,285190,31546574,Posted: 4 May,all,'FrogDogLong ( Arc Warden ),"i ve playied all dow game since from begining , not to keen on graphics and not intrested single player from multiplayer perspective think they ve done it again another great diffrent game"
,Recommended,285190,31546538,Posted: 4 May,all,NullPointerException,"It is a beautifully graphic game that is tons of fun to play. I highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a modern RTS that is not SC2.I have been attempting to master Eldar the past week and I am still learning all of the fine details of one race. I love the unit microing, base building simplification compared to something like starcraft and the idea of controlling resource waypoints.I hope people stop giving bad reviews because it isn't the same as dawn of war 1 or dawn of war 2. It is better and different in many ways."
,Recommended,285190,31407157,Posted: 27 April,all,DiasFox,"Relic once again made a different Dawn of War game.Buildings have return in this series, follow by Elites with different tier strenghts and doctrines to plan your strategy differently on each loadout.For those who are playing for the campaign only, walk away. It is tediously slow on some part of the chapters due to resources aren't set well in the campaign.I recommend this game for its multiplayer side. 3v3 matches are chaoticly fun."
76561197998031858,Recommended,285190,31406954,Posted: 27 April,all,Hexus,"It's honestly a good game.It's not as gritty as 2 which is mildly disapointing but doesn't take away from the rest of the aesthetic.  It plays well, much faster than 2.  The gameplay reminds me of Warcraft 3 or Battle for Middle Earth 2.  It's fun, but different than the previous 2 Dawn of War games.7/10"
,Recommended,285190,31407168,Posted: 27 April,all,kdembo1025,tyranids please
76561198037243515,Recommended,285190,31415844,Posted: 28 April,all,GoD p@RTicle,I like the game. I played dawn of war 2 and enjoyed it. Same with this game.
,Recommended,285190,31415950,Posted: 28 April,all,LiFT,"It is not a moba, stop drawing the comparison to it and just get over it.  Each installment of the series has been different, so to expect this one to be exactly the same as another is just childish. Played through the campaign in one sitting, it was interesting, still digesting it, but not bad.  Anyone claiming the SP is too linear and focused on a set path, please reference Dawn of War 1 before any expansions.... ok now shut up. People focused too heavily on the elite unit, please think back to Dawn of War 1 where we captured relics to spawn elite units that had special abilities.... ok now shut up.The essence of the multiplayer is still warhammer, I got in to some pretty nutty battles during the beta, it was a lot of fun. I was very cautious at the start, but I had a ton of fun.  When you are focused on the game and immersed in the battle that still has that warhammer 40k feel, you almost completely forget about the objective of the so far one game mode.  Key phrase there being ""so far"".  Apparently no one wants to accept the fact the game launched with workshop support, so most of these keyboard warriors sitting there blasting the game clearly haven't done any research on the title or want to admit where most of their gaming money goes.  More maps will come, from the developers and from the community.  We are very likely going to have another game mode, if not by the developers, then by the community.Day 1 launch options while not being immense, are not exactly tiny either.  3 factions, 8 MP maps, 1 game mode, a decently lengthy campaign, a variety of elites and doctrines.  Playing to gain skulls to unlock more things for your army, please tell me how this is really any different than 80% of the games that come out now a days.... exactly! The industry has changed, sadly we as gamers let this happen by voting with our wallets.  Majority of games now a days come out with less content and a schedule set for content release. So blaming this title negatively for doing what the rest of the industry is doing is just childish. The positive notes on this is that we have workshop support, which many AAA titles do not offer, so maybe instead of just throwing our hands in the air and giving up, we should be thankful for small blessings and being mindful of the future.  Also... if the game doesnt have enough MP content for you, go make some content for it and stop being lazy. Complaining about a $60 price tag, yeah it is steep, but I have played games with far less content for the same price that didn't even have workshop support, so oh well.And on a final note, those complaining about the art style.  The art style is a blend of DaW1 and DaW2.  Yeah it is not as dirty and gritty as DaW2, but it is a throwback to DaW1.  The game still has intense battle that is beautiful and fitting of the warhammer universe.  If you want to see something cool, get the elite dreadnought for the space marines, use the Q abilitiy on a pack of infantry and watch their bodies explode in to pieces while leaving behind a pile of plasma residue, it is very satisfying.Help the community grow, be constructive not just negative, and let's try to take this somewhere fun and long lasting instead of just letting it immediately die."
76561198063021440,Recommended,285190,31400293,Posted: 27 April,all,Blazeymix,"I think people are a little too hard on this game, it's quite fun for me. I'm someone who loved DoW1, hated DoW2 so this wasn't disappointing to me when compared to how much I hated DoW2. I find it fun and I'm excited for the new modes coming, hopefully a classic skirmish without the MOBA-esque stuff. Though the MOBA stuff is alright I guess, it adds objectives to the battles instead of just large bloody annhiliations. I'd say try it yourself before you decide to hate it. I have over 100 hours on DoW1(Which is nothing compared to so many vets of the series but I barely got into it a year and some ago) and I have to say I didn't play this and think to myself ""I hate it, this is awful"". Instead I felt ""hey this isn't bad, I'm diggin it. It's different but fun in it's own way."" So yeah, judge for yourself.I do hope they add more maps though, there's only 8 so far and they all seem rather on the smaller side."
,Recommended,285190,31400350,Posted: 27 April,all,TheUnswollied,"Please pay little mind to the negative reviews. They express dissapointment because it isn't the game THEY wanted. The game is, however, extremely enjoyable to pick up and play and still maintains a good sense of depth and tactical prowess. It's really fun to play with friends and the controls feel fantastic.Some people call this game as if it's a moba. This is a true rts and the only moba like aspect are the hero drops, which is something that DoW2 also has.All and all please pick up this game if you're looking for an rts to learn and don't mind putting in a few hours to get the hang of things."
,Recommended,285190,31405561,Posted: 27 April,all,Jevonee,Ignore the hate bandwagon.The game is actually pretty fun to play and pretty enjoyable so far.
76561198066199288,Recommended,285190,31404534,Posted: 27 April,all,HappySpanners,"not too much like the old game, but it's just what ive been looking for, well balanced and great fun online."
,Recommended,285190,31411245,Posted: 28 April,all,MajorStir,"I'm here to throw a middle finger in the air to all the haters. Is it DOW 1 pt 2? Nope. Is it DOW 2 pt 2? Nope. Is it the follow up RTS to end all RTSes of Supreme Commander that I have been waiting almost my entire adult life for? Nope.Is it a fun game so far that has Titans?! Yes. Is the campaign enjoyable? It is everything you would expect in a WH40K campaign . . .If you like the WH40K universe and have written a negative review . . . well, shame on you. This game represents the 40K universe very well and is a good game, though YOU personally might not like it. This is NOT a bad game by any stretch of the imagination. I want more 40K games . . . and I would like to invite other 40K enthusiasts out there to start supporting the developers . . . I totally understand if you don't like the game genre or whatever, but support the developers!Unrelated: I want Total War 40K!One more thing: It's not a MOBA."
,Recommended,285190,31404344,Posted: 27 April,all,Settra,"It has its pros is has its cons, is it a moba? no. Is it a pure rts mmm no. If they come out with victory point mode life will be better. I still recommend it but I do very much dislike power core."
76561197967833958,Recommended,285190,31418215,Posted: 28 April,all,Eggers,"Nothing to complain about here by me. I enjoy the game quite a bit, and I am quite the Warhammer 40k and DoW nerd."
,Recommended,285190,31400732,Posted: 27 April,all,Smoky Goats,"Multiplayer is deep and rewarding. Intereting heroes, units, and factions clashing make for very memorable battles. One of the best RTS in years."
,Recommended,285190,31404590,Posted: 27 April,all,PixelVox,"I've enjoyed it immensely since open beta, only buy for multiplayer though"
76561198013985824,Recommended,285190,31404597,Posted: 27 April,all,RadPhage,Best game ever! Have been waiting for this for a long time!
,Recommended,285190,31403472,Posted: 27 April,all,chaotea,"Dawn of War 3 certainly carrys on the tradition to date for dawn of war games of being very diferent from its predicessors. For those who have played the previous games in the series, DoW3's gameplay falls somewhere between the two. It features the basebuilding and large armies seen in the first game, while featuring the slow increase in resourses that makes every unit feel imortant.But make no mistake, DoW3 is its own game. The focus on a shared, single point of defence in its multiplayer games helps to prevent drawn out instances where you cant find that last enemy structure like in the first game (a feature i once abused as eldar to survive for 2 hours against 4 enemies until the gave up and quit). It also prevents instances where one or two players could see thier base destroyed, and suddenly find themselves spectators in the match.While its this generator element that has had people make 'Moba' references, in truth there is little more than inspiration here at play. To coin it moba due to these elements would be akin to calling it a 'shooter' because guns get fired.The races, while seemingly few, are very diverse. Though its worth noting that in previous games, most of the large selection of playable races came in following expansion packs. As it is, each faction has alot to play with, from multiple elite squads (playing much like heroes from DoW2) to army perks selectable before battles that can drasticly alter how squads play.Most of this content is unlocked through an upgrade system that allows good freedom of coice in how you spend you in-game resourse. This resourse is earned slowly for compleating matches (about 20 a match) but can be earned much quicker by leveling up elites (done by playing with them). Its 200 points to buy a new elite squad, and 50 points to buy a new perk. All and all theres going to be plenty to keep you interested in the games progression system.The gameplay of the campain feels alot like the DoW2 campain, but more narritive driven like the DoW1 campain.In summery,If you're a fan of the DoW series, and want to try something fresh, then this should entertain.If your a fan of either DoW1 or DoW2, and simply want more of that, then you'd be better off just playing that game (and not buying this one, then giving it a bad review because its not one of these games).If you've never played a DoW game, but are interested in RTS games, it realy depends on whether or not your already somewhat interested in the 40k universe. If you are, then yes this is a good pickup, as the bad can be offset by that very particular joy gained from a fan plunging into a game of the series, where the things that might otherwise be bad points become lovable querks. If your not famillier however, i'd look to get a different RTS. Starcraft 2 is advisable, or if your interested in the 40k games, the first DoW is on steam, its cheaper, and it still hold up nicely."
76561198030000283,Recommended,285190,31427847,Posted: 28 April,all,Nazumagal,"Awesome. Have been playing DoW since I was young, they did a good job with this one. The score, the mechanics, the systems, all very fun. Only complaint is that the UI out of game is kind of bad/laggy."
76561198072475658,Recommended,285190,31466326,Posted: 30 April,all,Corax,Fantastic game
,Recommended,285190,31453199,Posted: 29 April,all,PhantomPringles,Dawn of war 3  has a good campaign and a fun multiplayer.8/10 would recommend it to those who like RTS games.
,Not Recommended,285190,31451741,Posted: 29 April,all,Rantoc,"This review is for revisting the game after a bunch of patches and are from an single player perspective:What can i say, so many design flaws are still glaring from a single player perspective that i frankly started to loose faith in Relic Entertainment and i bought all their titles since Homeworld.Lets see, whats the flaws then?1. FORCED tic, tac / toe between the factions in the ""campaign"" - Not like all sensible games where you pick a side and follow the faction through their campaign, no no - Here they force you to play all factions in turn no matter if you like their gameplay or not.2. The ""Campaign"" feel more like a tutorial for multiplayer than a real single campaign.So if you like singleplayer RTS i would recommend looking elsewhere, Dawn of War 2 would be a far better pick imoShame i wasted time and 30gb of download/endurance on the SSD for a reload not to mention the initial money that i will never get a refund from.Ty so much Relic for warning me what AoE4 might become if the same team is behind it!"
76561197993828619,Recommended,285190,31485472,Posted: 1 May,all,Cypher,"23 hours played. I think that's enough for a review.I don't hate it.I really like the mechanics for Eldar and their battle focus, forcing a hit and run playstyle.I really, REALLY like how they did orks, and their scrap using mechanics. Plus the waaagh towers are awesome. I mean this game does orks best out of all 3 DOW's.The cover mechanic... eh... it's alright, ish. stealth grants stealth, and hard cover is good for fire emplacements (and instantly nullified by melee units, especially if they can jump or stealth). It's not bad, but not as good as the previous.I loath the art style. Hate it. But you know what, I've been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and moaning about that since the first screenshots a year ago. Still, it does NOT fit 40k.The campaign itself I found the most challenging out of the games, with the possible exception of Winter Assaults.I dislike that you can't just choose a side to campaign with, but with how the story is that kind of makes sense. There are both large battle sequences and hero only missions. Being a fan of DOW2 I preferred the hero only. The game itself does not adequately explain doctrines, I had to figure how to make them work myself.The End mission....Relic, I don't know if you are ever gonna read this review but... The end mission. Stop it. That crap right there, don't do that again. That was the most tedious and annoying sequence in any game to immediate memory. Seriously. a grind boss battle, with 3 non-customizable heroes. Really?Army painter: Not terrible, prefer the previous games.AI skirmish: as of this review, only one game type which sucks. More expected. AI better than DOW2s. That doesn't take much though does it?Despite all this, I can't bring myself to thumbs down this game. Really I'd give it a thumbs sideways. The biggest problem is that it feels like starcraft and not 40k because of that damn ridiculous art style.For examples of 40K art style done right, look at Deathwing, Battlefleet Gothic - Armada and DOW2.On the plus side: Gabby isn't oversized as we thought he was from the early screenshots. ALL TERMINATORS ARE OVERSIZED! Put him with Terminators and they are all the same... So..... that? Sizing is screwed up, but no more than the TT.Also, and This won't effect my review much, but I have to note it: Lascannons. In DOW1, bright laser 1 shot doing lots of damage.In DOW2, Bright laser 1 shot doing lots of damage.In Space Marine, Bright Laser 1 shot doing lots of damage.On the tabletop, for the last 7 editions, 1 shot doing lots of damage (assumed to be bright).In this: Rapid shots doing good tank and for some reason GREAT skimmer damage. WTF?Minor plus point: At least 2 different flavours of Imperial guard, Elysians and some House defense in the first 2 missions. Lasguns also done wrong, but not as heretically as Lascannons.Thumb sideways. It needs more content. I won't ask for a complete graphics/art overhaul as that would be unreasonable to add in, but... I mentioned I really disliked the art style, right? I can't even totally blame Sega/Relic for this, as if you watch the 40k teaser trailers for various products they use the same style. Still, it does NOT adequately convey the grimdark that 40k is all about.Either wait for a 30% discount, or for them to release more multiplayer/skirmish content which the game desperately needs. That core mode is so very meh."
,Recommended,285190,31401480,Posted: 27 April,all,Sasori_Senpai,"I will keep it simple, as a long time 40k and DoW fan i can see why some people dont like the game but i still find it extremely fun.Pros+Animations+Story+Elites+Multiplayer is addictingCons-Commands sometimes bugs but it not gamebreaking and it can easily be fixed-Cover system removed-Move and shoot for ranged units removed unless you have a trait in which i find kind lame"
76561198007057793,Recommended,285190,31430932,Posted: 28 April,all,cavemansc,"The game is fun. If you are looking for a game to spend some time with as an RTS then this is a fine game to spend 60 bucks, well worth it. if you are looking for the god of gaming to come down upon you and tell you that you will never have to buy another game again for thou hast found the holy grail of games and fulilled thy destiny...not so much..keep looking buddy"
76561198070310526,Not Recommended,285190,31401329,Posted: 27 April,all,KingSeagal,"Worst game in DoW history. It's not even a DoW game, its Starcraft ripoff. Blizz should sue them.The voices and dialogues are idiotic and childish.A waste of money for people who love DoW, perfect for those that enjoy playing Fifa and CoD...Relic developers are a-holes and the game is gonna die soon...And the morons that were paid to go on a crusade pro relic against fellow gamers are just sad...Dont expect much from this pile of crap.Update: My post has been banned on the official site and I have been warned that posts that are not' constructive' are not welcome. And that The DoW forum has higher standards than Steam forums.... I mean these guys are pure a-holes...link:http://tinypic.com/r/2d8mmab/9Update 2:Swift from DoW forum has started deleting posts that dont praise the game also.Update 3:Just realised something, after 6 hours of gameplay I'm bored... DoW is dead..."
,Not Recommended,285190,34285951,Posted: 16 August,all,☭TabuN☭,Relics legacy continues... and thats not a good thing.
,Not Recommended,285190,31396131,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Giggles,When you realize your (you are) just playing Dota 40k edition.dab
76561198019937356,Recommended,285190,34388522,Posted: 20 August,all,Dazhbog,"After receiving a -50% coupon, I decided to brush aside all the community's criticism and give this game a try. Well, to be honest, this is a new game, with new mechanics - not much use comparing it with previous versions of Dawn of War (we might as well remember that DoW II differed radically from the first one), even though it might be useful to say that the developers reintroduced base building elements, whose absense infuriated base building lovers in DoW II.As a single player oriented guy, I will judge the game solely based on what I've experienced during the campaign and skirmishes: to my surprise, it was fun! Even though the plot is not the most inventive and groundbreaking, it is capable of sustaining the player's interest with the intertwined eldar, space marine and ork arches. Those who expect diverse race options would be disappointed, though - those three are the only ones they would get, although it is possible that necrons will be added afterwards. Graphics are astoundingly good and gives a certaing breath of life into the game's ambience. The same could be said, though less emphatically, about music and voice acting.If you expect DoW III to be a successor of any of the previous titles, and would like to see the same mechanics at work, I would not recommend it to you. If, on the other hand, you only want to spend some time with an entertaining game and praise the Emperor, try it out (should you be uncertain, wait for a sale)."
76561197960619553,Not Recommended,285190,31405470,Posted: 27 April,all,Silent Tristero's Empire,This is a MOBA clone- very unlike the other Relic games.
,Not Recommended,285190,31396747,Posted: 27 April,all,R△TM△N,Game is trash m8
76561198023427609,Recommended,285190,33253629,Posted: 4 July,all,Kitsune224,"This edition reduces a lot of the strategy of individual encounters by eliminating the Supression and Cover mechanics tht were very important to Dawn of War II.  The strategy of this version of the game feels much more dependent on build orders and strategies about individual factions rather than general good strategy, making it feel much more like traditional RTS offers like Starcraft.  In my opinion, that plus the fact that the current game only has Space Marines, Orks, and Eldar and does not offer Chaos and Tyranids like Dawn of War II hurts the replayability, as more factions equals more replay.  Of course, the continued criticism of Necrons and Tau being excluded (as they were included in Dawn of War I, but not put in Dawn of War II) is still valid.  I do feel that the stage is set for the more factions being added now, rather than in Dawn of War II where Tau or Necrons would have had to compete with Eldar for ranged superiority.That being said, the factions play unique enough to be interesting while being similar enough that each faction doesn't have a high learning curve.  I'm told that general unit balance now is closer to the Tabletop Warhammer 40K universe.  And the game no longer requires having memorized the wiki to be good, as there are now only Three damage types and only two armor types as opposed to Dawn of War II 's myriad of damage types and armor types.  The simplier approach of Normal Damage vs Normal Armor, Armor Piercing Damage vs Heavy Armor, and True Damage works on everything makes it easier to originally jump in and grab the concepts.  The Enemy AI has been improved over Dawn of War II, but still feels like it is cheating on Resources.Elite units are much more interesting and I like the way the new Army Doctrines system allows you to customize each side.  However, I feel it could have been taken further and made closer to the Tabletop in that you could construct your side from various units and upgrades.  It would have been a strong departure from the RTS formula, but definitely made the game unique."
57890237530294320,Not Recommended,285190,31421659,Posted: 28 April,all,Boomstick,"Couldn't refund fast enough, This is not DoW this is a money grab using nostalgia. Do yourself a favor and play 1 or 2 instead of this abortion."
,Not Recommended,285190,31446736,Posted: 29 April,all,Dasha-DayMoon,One of the few games I've ever returned. Disapointed. Loved the previous games in the series.
,Recommended,285190,31793814,Posted: 16 May,all,Faas,"TL;DRThis game is a multiplayer game. Dawn of War games always have been a multiplayer games. And its an awesome multiplayer game with only a few flaws.Pro's:- 3 well balanced but very diverse factions- Hard to master- Balanced maps focussed- Not focussed on building the perfect base, but focussed on fast paced combat/strategy- A true RTS- Army Painter- The Campaign (if played on Hard) is a good tutorial for multiplayerCon's:- The cover system is terrible (although stealthcover is good)- Weak story in the campaign- No ""retreat"" function for infantry units- Only a few maps in multiplayer, we need more.This game does lots of things right. As a fan of the series I can say after finishing the campaign and playing around in multiplayer that this definately is a multiplayer game. It seems lots of people don't understand that and even if they do, they expect some kind of C&C Red Alert kind of game based on some multiplayer playstyles and negative reviews.The multiplayer games are very intense, fast paced, hard to master (thank you micromanagement) but not as hard to master as DoW2 was. Yes, DoW2 was more hardcore with less unites and more micromanagement of those units. So for some hardcore players, DoW3 will not be enough, but there is a good balance.I love the fact that basebuilding isn't that dominating in the game. Waaaagh Towers, Webway Gates and other forward base building tactics are cool to do, but otherwise I preferred the DoW2 system. Same goes for the cover system, which I think is the biggest flaw of the game: now its just capping some points and not using actual cover.I would have preferred a ""retreat"" function for infantry just like DoW2 and CoH/CoH2 had, but its very easy to rebuild your army now and go back into the war again.And that is just what this game is about: war, war, war. Fast, hard, intense and balanced war in multiplayer games. Worth it if you take the time to master the basics in multiplayer!"
76561198219406052,Recommended,285190,33295503,Posted: 5 July,all,Casual Gamerz,Best strategy game of year 2017 . I don't know why people so much hate this game . Ok its not like dawn of war I & II but its not very bad game its good game . People complains thier is no turret defence so developers add turret defence for multiplayer match & May be may be developers add new factions in future . please buy this game its worth it .
76561197981681822,Not Recommended,285190,32602378,Posted: 20 June,all,gordak2,"You may notce all the positive reviews are one or two lines,  I find them very suspicious.   I had realized relic really screwed up with this one, so I waited a couple months before placing my review.  Ive been into 40k since 1987,  a huge fan of DOW 1 and the apocalypse mod that goes along with it.  Since I think the other reviews grasp the flaws very well, I'll make  only my most glaring complaint here. :  How the hell could they have gone with the extremely limited zoom,   You can't zoom in enough to admire the models of your forces and yet can't zoom out enough to get the scope of the battlefield.   I think this is a cheap shot by relic to hide the glaring graphical blandness.  Its unforgivable that an RTS in 2017 had this kind of zoom. I gave you guys a couple months to fix it and you failed.  Shame on you Relic,  slandering the DOW franchize with this moneygrab."
76561197994991657,Not Recommended,285190,31410106,Posted: 27 April,all,Di,"much worse than dow2, even retribution was better and retribution was a dying company's budget game. it's like this game was made by someone who was introduced to 40k when they learned they had to make a 40k game"
76561198054814348,Not Recommended,285190,31522132,Posted: 3 May,all,Majii,"This game is ...... limited, beyond dissapointing and well just Bad.DOW1 Was awesome DOW2 was not as brilliant but still good.DOW3? Stay away, please save yourselves"
76561198081413146,Not Recommended,285190,31447053,Posted: 29 April,all,ricky_mander,Running a high spec pc and this game runs and looks like garbage. for the amount of time this was in development the game looks like garbage. the graphics on this game look worse than dow2 if i am honest. looks like i am going back to the old games and starcrft 2. refund being requested as you read this
,Not Recommended,285190,32846421,Posted: 27 June,all,JoshODonnell23,"BAD TO THE NONE NEED MORE STUFFBottom line, not a AAA game. Not worth AAA prices."
,Recommended,285190,33024306,Posted: 29 June,all,name,"Apparently people dislike this game with a fiery passion? I enjoy it personally, and a lot of the issues people have seem to have been fixed with some recent patches. Also, the multiplayer is pretty fun, just requires some time and learning the game. All in all it is a pretty fun game."
76561198069256672,Recommended,285190,31535344,Posted: 3 May,all,BruceDGoose,"Played DOW 1 & 2, loved them both. This game is different, but still great.. Having a great time playing at the moment. Addition of Turrets etc works pretty well. Get it if you like a good RTS, and havent hopped on the anti-train yet."
76561198271965786,Recommended,285190,31528310,Posted: 3 May,all,ijeastley,the best game i the world
,Recommended,285190,31448972,Posted: 29 April,all,EatPoopClutch,"Games fun, better then vanilla dawn of war 2 for sure"
76561198167667963,Recommended,285190,31462512,Posted: 30 April,all,Clemency,"A quality game, allmost impossibly stylish both visually and sound wise.  Maybe a little too stylish for the grimdark setting, but still most enjoyable. Single player campaign involves missions that alternate between you controling space marines, orks and eldar. The three races are highly distinct, especially the hilarious orks, so this helps hold your interest.  Don't be decieved by the low ratings, this games deserves at least 90%, and anything less can only be the work of Chaos. For the emperor!"
76561198073090837,Recommended,285190,31913228,Posted: 22 May,all,Angry Crusader,"I know this game is being bashed a lot both on steam and metacritic so I thought I do this game a little bit of justice by writing a reviewFirst is this game good? Personally I like it I think the game just needs a balance patch at the moment.Complaints that you often hear about this game:-It's a moba-The one MP game mode-New cover system-Skulls system-Switching races in the campaign-Lack of other races such as Imperial guard, Tau, Chaos, etc-GraphicsThere are other complaints but these tend to be the major onesSo let's start with the first, It's a moba. I've played many moba's before like Smite, LOL, and Paragon so lets me start off by saying no it is not a moba. It has moba like elements in the MP game mode but it still a RTS. I get it the lanes, the turrets, and the core are very moba like. HOWEVER, moba's are you often playing one hero/champion/god whatever,  buy items to improve said character, have AI minions that you can't control, have jungle/monster spots to get buffs, and have hidden/shadow spots to hide units (DOW3 does have these).  Running by the MOBA formula DOW3 is a far cry from a moba so it gets a bit annoying to call it something it is not.Second, the one MP game mode yeah you got me there that is a bit of a down side but hopefully more will be added in soon enough. I would love to just do a skirmish match with my friends or last stand mode which was a fav in DOW2.The game does have the support of Steam Workshop which helped to create new maps and may possibly create new game modes. If you don't like the game mode in DOW3 I would just say to wait until you feel like it’s worth it.Third, the new cover system. I was never a fan of DOW2 cover system so I was glad to see it gone. The only cover like system in the game is heavy cover which units can capture to protect them from enemy fire. This can be countered by melee units getting inside the cover so it's not super broken. Heavy cover can be destroyed so you have to use it wisely, so take that as you will.Fourth, skulls system. You get skulls from playing MP matches as well as playing the SP. Skulls can buy Elite units and Doctrines that can improve units or give them new abilities such as stronger frag grenades or further line of sight while hiding in heavy cover/stealth spots. If you play SP you should get enough skulls to get most of the doctrines for the army you want to main, playing only MP might take longer.Fifth, switching races in the campaign. I know a lot of people wanted to play a single race for the campaign. Personally I wanted to be only space marines for SP, hell I never touch most other races in the older games. That changed after I beat and decided to go into MP. Besides giving a different view during SP, switching between the races does help to teach you the units and play style of all the races. Eldar tends to be hit and run, Ork is build up a massive force and WAAGGHHH, and Space Marine is a bit of mix between them. I know some people hate not playing the one race they want for the whole campaign but it helped me learn how to counter orks a bit better in MP.The sixth and I dare say one of the most argued things about this game, lack of other races. When DOW3 was said to have only 3 races I’ll admit I was a bit disappointed, a lot of people were some being a lot more vocal about it. I can only imagine how much longer the game would have taken had they added all the other races, it could have been better or worse but none the less it doesn’t matter now. After playing MP I can say it would be horrid to try and balance more than 3 races at once. SM, Orks, and Eldar all need their balance update which will happen soon I hope (I kept getting mixed dates on when the first balance patch was suppose to happen). New races are suppose to be coming in the forms of DLC, it hasn't been stated if they are going to be paid or not so I’m hoping for the best but knowing SEGA I’m prepared for the worst. I know one person who's just waiting until the game has all of its DLC before buying. Should you buy or wait I’ll answer that at the end.The seventh, graphics. A lot of people complain the graphics look cartoony, I don't see it personally so you’ll have to judge for yourself.So is the game bad, no. Is the game a masterpiece, no. If I were to give it a number it would be either a 7 or 8 out of ten. On A buy, wait for sale, or dont touch scale I would say if you look into it (watch videos of gameplay and stuff) and like it buy it. If on the fence i would say wait for a sale there's nothing wrong with that. I’ve seen a lot of people hate on this game, most of the time not being constructive but just being jerks about it, so take some of low scores with a grain of salt.DOW3 is suffering from a similar issue that DOW2 had when it first came out, DOW2 was hated mostly due to its new playstyle at launch but eventually the hate subsided and many enjoyed the game.  DOW3 is not a failure as some make it out to be, there is a lot of potential and I hope to see it come out."
,Recommended,285190,31398030,Posted: 27 April,all,Aspidistra,"Already played a ton of this in the beta, so my playtime is longer than stated by about 15 hours!Really enjoying the gameplay, though it is a step in a different but equally entertaining direction from previous titles of the same name. It's... nothing like a moba, and I can say that with 2k hours in Dota 2. A great RTS that hopefully will develop a cool online meta as I play more."
76561198010223332,Not Recommended,285190,31523680,Posted: 3 May,all,smellierdp2008,I would rather get crabs again than play this game.
76561198263762530,Not Recommended,285190,34383464,Posted: 20 August,all,Darkwingduck,it is better then the secoudn one but the first is still the best
,Not Recommended,285190,35225738,Posted: 26 September,all,LeeMoStar,No last stand.Sad times.
76561198032107212,Not Recommended,285190,33252671,Posted: 4 July,all,kc_sword,"To start off, I'm a HUGE fan of Warhammer/40K and everything Games Workshop, and I want to love this game; but right now, I can't even like it.There is only one reason for this, the INSANELY small font size in the menus makes this game unplayable.I only play on a 1280 x 1024 monitor, using normal on-card scaling (with a pair of nVidia GTX 980's in SLI), and I'm slightly far-sighted, yet the menus look like theyr're from a 640x480 game being played on a modern 4K screen without scaling. This makes it impossible for me to read anything unless I stand about 2-3 feet from my monitor.Again, I want to love this game, it looks amazing! But if the font problem is not addressed, I will need to ask for a refund, as I refuse to pay for something that I can't use."
76561197998533202,Recommended,285190,31614505,Posted: 7 May,all,Koof,"I've played around 15 RTS in my life: AoE2+3,WC3,SC BW,Sc2, AoM, CoH1, CoH2, World in Conflict, most of the C&C games, DoW1, DoW2, etc, etc...Dawn of War 3 imo is 4th in that list, behind SC, WC3, and AoE2. It is one of the best RTS I've ever played and is the perfect RTS for the modern era. It plays like WC3 with SC2, and the heroes are often better designed than many of the heroes in league of legends and dota...Most of the people complaining have not even played the game and are just neckbeard 40k fans who are incapable of change and honestly don't even like the RTS genre. If you are an RTS fan , youll like this game. If you know nothing about RTS, you'll probably say it's more of an RTS than a moba.... But yea, most of these bad reviews are either from neckbeard 40k fans, people who don't like RTS, or DoW or die fans. If you want to play an old DoW game, play the old DoW games.... If you want to play a really good RTS, play DoW3... Imo, it is much much better and much more skillful than DoW1 and DoW2... It's a modern version of WC3 and it is incredible"
,Recommended,285190,31554232,Posted: 5 May,all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"I've played the table top, rolled a 1500 point ork army, I've played all the Dawn of War games and most other Warhammer and Warhammer 40K games and am very familiar with the lore. I am a huge fan of Games Workshop and Warhammer and 40K and I honestly have to say this is the best Dawn of War to date. There are a lot of people bashing it but it has so much uniqueness and potential and it is just so much fun. I can easily see so many more factions making their apperance and working out so well. Honestly I hope this game is successful for Relic so that they continue to update and support. Honestly have read a lot of the negative reviews and don't really see any solid reasons for them to hate this game. I saw one guy say the Eldar couldn't teleport their base, but they can. I don't think the Dawn of War has ever really been lore friendly, but then again I don't really think it's supposed to be, it's a gateway for people to discover the wonderful grim dark universe of 40K. Sure a granade can kill a squad of Space Marines in this, when in the lore a grenade might wound one, but honestly the units don't feel any more flimsy than they did in the first DoW.  People complain about the elites not really being super strong, but they're not supposed to be, they're supposed to be used in conjuction with your main army to help give them a bit of an edge. There's nothing really wrong with this game, most of the hate seems to revolve around it simply being new. I just hope the mixed reviews don't kill it."
,Recommended,285190,31474685,Posted: 30 April,all,TGK Scorbok,"*this review was written before the campaign was completed*Overall the game is very polished, it feels like it was designed for competative play. Your activated abilities are very powerful and it really feels satisfying to outplay an opponent. There is a MOBA aspect which I enjoy, althought I wish it was advertised prior to purchase.I will state that this game IS NOT a MOBA like some of the reviews imply, you have full controll of base building and army composition. There are towers and a power core on the field which must be defended in multiplayer, thus the MOBA aspect.I was slightly disapointed in the campaign, DOW II had a unique campaign mechanic which gave me high hopes for DOW III. Unforunately, the single player campaign uses the age old RTS campaign format of dumbing down a multiplayer match and adding a storyline. It's not bad, but it just didn't deliver like DOW II did.My last criticism, and I'm nit-picking here... the game dropped cover and true sight mechanics from DOW II. Mind you, plenty of people publicly raged about the cover/true sight mechanic and this installment showcases developers listening to their community, but I felt the system helped immerse an experience closer to the table top variant of Warhammer 40k. So, I'm mixed about this one.I look forward to more maps, more races to play and more multiplayer game modes. I have reason to believe that the developers will follow up!"
76561198120263021,Recommended,285190,32538144,Posted: 18 June,all,Elvan,"Love the game. It has everything DOW1 had and some of what DOW2 had. Campaign is bare bones, but solid. Knowing Relic's the expansion policies - this is not a problem. They have already started delivering on the new game mode promise, and we know Necron faction and campaign(s) are coming. Can't wait for Astra Militarum faction.*I may be biased since there aren't a lot of good RTS out there, but I really do not see any problems with this game. Only good stuff."
76561198041339040,Recommended,285190,31964870,Posted: 25 May,all,jasonkknd,Great game! But needs more races
76561197974262920,Recommended,285190,31480676,Posted: 1 May,all,Kael,"If you approach this game as DOW # 2 you will be disappointed, but ignore the 'moba' crap some are spewing, its like saying 'a horse has legs, i have legs.. im a horse!' it has some similarities is all. if your unsure the best bet is to watch some youtube gaming footage and make up your own mind on if the changes are a good thing or not. Yes it has shipped with ""only"" 3 races , but all the dows have shipped with 3-4 and got the others through expansions so not quite sure why this is so shocking to people. It is a good possible start and worth a look, but sitting on the fence for a bit until the price drops some wouldnt be a bad idea. Just hope it doesnt go like COH 2 crap where you had to purchase the same thing mulitple time then buy commanders seperate just to play them single and multi player, DLC murdered coh im hoping it doesnt happen here."
76561198007275615,Not Recommended,285190,32391710,Posted: 13 June,all,Icerus,Worse than DOW2 which was published in 2008.Reilc should die in Shame
76561198041889048,Recommended,285190,31510224,Posted: 2 May,all,SamV,"I find the campaing very good. It is long enough, hard enough and I like the fact that you play all the 3 races during it. Been a long time I have not played a game with a good single player as DoW 3.About the multiplayer, I have only played during the open beta. I like the game mode very much. I feel there is a lot of diversity with all the elites and the different doctrines I can choose. I just want them to add some new maps..."
76561198043557261,Recommended,285190,31521313,Posted: 3 May,all,Drakolth,"So i can understand why some people do not like this game, it is very different from the previous dawn of wars, but different  does not mean bad. I find the game incredibly fun, sure it can improve in some aspects, like adding Space wolves ;D but the game is fun and i'm not sure if the hate it is getting is warranted. In the end it's up to each individual as to whether or not the game is fun, but i don’t think this is a game to miss out on. If your super skeptical just wait for a sale."
76561198004776935,Not Recommended,285190,31497637,Posted: 1 May,all,Silok,"against my better judgement, after beta, I bought in hopes that basic RTS functions would be in the full release,,,,,,,,,,,,,,if you loved 2.....SKIP THIS"
76561198072016257,Recommended,285190,31908325,Posted: 22 May,all,disol1712,"Oi, all of you hater boyz of dis gaem! You mad at it cuz you're bad ad it! Git gud, gits!"
,Recommended,285190,31547522,Posted: 4 May,all,Ash,"Just nearing the end of DoW3 after playing DoW1 and 2 for quite a long time.Pros: The storyline of the campaign is fun and some of the maps and situations are great. The orky humour in this game is on point and there is one part where I laughed out loud in real life at ""Ronny"". Although it's a predictable storyline, I did feel like I connected with the main protagonists more in this game than the previous ones.As a stand alone game, this isn't bad. I still recommend playing it as there is nothing else out there at the moment that really tops it in this genre, except perhaps the fact that...Cons: I can say that DoW3 offers less than DoW2 and 1 on almost all counts. This game is a shining example of a money-grab where they have stripped out so much content so they can make us pay more for it later. No last stand mode, less races, a single linear campaign and less units per race than the previous games.I also don't like how the mechanics of the game have been changed to weaken 'normal' units almost to uselessness compared with the 'elite' units, and how they have virtually removed damage type resistances so that dire avengers/regular ork boyz can destroy vehicles instead of having to plan ahead and prepare specialised units such as fire dragons (which don't even exist in this one, I imagine future paid DLC content). Gone is the idea of reserving banshees with their power weapons for armoured foes like space marines and using striking scorpions for orks: now for some reason striking scorpions and warp spiders are elite units - ones that I'll probably never pick when having to choose between them and the wraithlord.I also don't like how they have essentially removed cover from the game (and put in weird circles that you can garrison in very limited places instead) and how you have to constantly micromanage each unit to activate their abilities, so much that there is little time to do anything else. It just becomes a panic-stricken click-fest rather than a strategy game.I've given this a thumbs-up because it's not a bad game and there is still some fun to be had especially if you are new to the franchise. Unfortunately however it's just not as good as its predecessors"
76561198008819305,Recommended,285190,31615428,Posted: 7 May,all,Strifomag,"I'm having more fun in this game than any other RTS I've ever played.  (I'm only playing multi-player)-The action is constant.  Most RTS have a long windup where you're building workers and tons of buildings.  This one gets you right into the action and keeps you there all game.-Every unit has useful abilities, including the workers.-The doctrine system let's you customize your army, which is probably the best addition to the genre.  It actually lets you build a unique army.-The elite units are great.  They give you something to rotate the fight around.  They all have a unique playstyle too.-Mechanically, it handles very well.  Units do what you would expect them to do, and you have vision where you would expect to have it.It has a few bugs, because it was just released, but other than that, I'm finding it very hard to find anything to complain about.  I guess the unlock system is a little clunky.  I am stacking up lots of currency and have nothing to spend it on.Don't let the ""It's not a perfect game: Thumbs down"" reviews dissuade you.It feels like a good blend of the original and DoWII, which is oddly why it gets so many negative reviews.  DoWII fans say it's too much like DoWI and vice versa."
,Not Recommended,285190,31498907,Posted: 1 May,all,Trouble2,Warhammer 40k as a Moba... just no
76561197970466934,Recommended,285190,31396703,Posted: 27 April,all,Connatic,"Changes up the Dawn of War forumula yet again. Closer to DoW 1 this time, with mechanics inspired from other games like Starcraft, and victory conditions from MOBAs. If you were hoping for an HD Remake of Dawn of War 1 or 2, you won't find it here. This game has very much titled some of the community, much like Dawn of War 2 did when it was released for being so different. (A Company of Heroes reskin some called it). However if you have an open mind, and don't have strict expectations based on the previous games, Dawn of War 3 stands on it's own as a great mulitplayer RTS, just like DoW 2 did. What will determine if the game lives up to it's potential, is if Relic continues to support the competative scene with decent attempts at balance patches, while keeping up with Free and Paid content.Campaign is nothing special. If the review was totally based on single player content, it would get a thumbs down. It's a more traditional/linear story driven campagin where you bounce around between all the factions. Think more like the old DoW 1 or Starcraft campagins. That being said, I still enjoyed the game, I just love the character of the Orks this time around. But when I finshed the last mission, I was defintelly ready to be done with the single player. So at least it didn't overstay it's welcome."
,Recommended,285190,31531087,Posted: 3 May,all,HuntedNord,its actualy fun in my opinion.
76561198101223622,Recommended,285190,31615156,Posted: 7 May,all,Starkiller27,So a lot of people our upset because of the state of the game and that its not like dow1 or 2. But this game not supposed to be like the first 2 games. Relic tried to change how the game plays again and people don't like it because its to much like a Moba and has a terrible cover system not to mention all the other complaints. The game is however a fun game and has some of the coolest battles in the whole series. So im sorry if its not like the other games but if you are Warhammer 40k fan  at least try the game or get it when its on sale.
76561198063981624,Recommended,285190,31490129,Posted: 1 May,all,JesneyHavoc,"playing CoH and coH2 this is my first DoW experience. The gameplay is great, factions are varied. So many customisable gameplay styles. Technically small amount of content but this game in the long run will be great. The one gameplay mode is fun, communty made maps will be a big thing. Come on Nekrons. Most of the negative reviews are unjust. It is just a solid experience"
76561198009060607,Not Recommended,285190,31400908,Posted: 27 April,all,Hydroboto,This game is an epic failure and huge step backwards. NO LOOT?! Sad! Disgusting!
76561198006651484,Recommended,285190,31635871,Posted: 8 May,all,OIO,"It's a good game, their are bugs, but at this point I'm really not sure what anyone actually expects from any of these major companies. Can it be played in it's current state ""yes"" are their bugs that prevent certain game modes ""yes"", is the gameplay overall balanced ""yes"". Skulls are a bit annoying to farm, but just play a 1v3 or 2v3 vs ai and bottleneck them and mow em down eith your heavies."
76561197992628078,Recommended,285190,31630263,Posted: 8 May,all,XENOpz,"I played the first Dawn of War without any expectations and zero knowledge of the Warhammer lore. I was pleasantly surprised and even though mechanically the game was not as polished as the leaders of the RTS genre StarCraft and WarCraft 3, I fell in love with the fluidity of the gameplay and the over-the-top units. Controlling squads rather than individual units was also a nice touch, which even had a strategic effect: you could lose some units in a squad making it less effective. For me, Dawn of War 1 will always be one of my favourite RTS games up there with WarCraft 3.Dawn of War 2 sounded amazing: it had more explosions, it was more action-oriented and it even had a co-op campaign! It was a disappointment to me however as the gameplay was way too far off of anything I'd played before and even though it was almost a new genre on its own, polish was again not ""just right"" and I ended up not playing it almost at all.Dawn of War 3 is amazing! It is very much like the first one except there are no defensive buildings like bunkers (other than requisition point tower thingies). There are badass elite units reminiscent of the unique super units in the first game. This time they are much more balanced in comparison to each other (even though they are still a lot more powerful than the simple units). It is not impossible to take down a gigantic elite unit with just 5 or 6 squads however, which is very, VERY nice when your enemy gets their elite first.Now, there are a few minor issues with ui. For example, the units you own and the unit-building queue are the same thing which gets super confusing in the endgame when you have a bunch of units. The main menu looks great at first glance, but I wouldn't exactly call it something I'd present for a AAA title polish-wise: there are bugs (for example go to campaign and then switch to the multiplayer tab and you'll notice the campaign mission flags are drawn over the multiplayer screen). There are also a couple of issues with the z-index of chats and tooltips which could be polished for ""quality of life"".Balance-wise I don't think I've played enough to say if there are problems, but I've managed to win (and lose) multiplayer matches with all of the races against all the races, so I feel it's mostly right.What I REALLY like about the game is the flow of a match: income is comparatively slow to unit-building, which makes the game very much focused on engagements rather than macro. I also like the variety of units and abilities you can use in various situations.Bottom line is: if the few rough edges are polished in the coming weeks, the game will be amazing and I'd recommend it to anyone. If they don't, I'd still recommend it, but only to people like me who are easily impressed by giant robots, explosions and lots of projectiles flying everywhere during fights."
76561198060750705,Recommended,285190,31456842,Posted: 29 April,all,Berkshire Hathaway,"I've got over 1000 thousand hours in Starcraft Brood War and Starcraft 2 combined. I've got nearly 2000 hours in League of Legends.This game is NOTHING like them. It's like 1 review said it on release and it's become an echo chamber of cicrle jerk.This game is not DOW1 or 2. I'ts DOW3.The customisation is lacking, the campaign is about as deep as a Tiger Wood's divots and the AI is hilariously bad.However online play is very fun and is more akin to Halo Wars than any other RTS I can think of."
76561198152703549,Recommended,285190,31469287,Posted: 30 April,all,arc-1991,"Ignore the hate, If you like the first DOW, and Elements of DOW2, then you will like this game :)"
76561197993706088,Recommended,285190,31522191,Posted: 3 May,all,Dance Commander,Arguably the finest grim dark simulator for fighting space facists yet.  10/10 would Waaagh again.
76561198091327886,Recommended,285190,31476103,Posted: 30 April,all,Gettrancnlised,"I don't see why this game is getting so much hate, its good. Its fun and looks good and plays like a good Dawn of War game."
76561198068159072,Recommended,285190,31406318,Posted: 27 April,all,Narcissistic Red,"First of all, I wanna say thank you to Sega and Relic for producing Dawn of War 3, from the bottom of my heart thank you guys. Im loving this game and no, it's now DOW 1 or DOW2, It's DOW3 and it plays just like i wanted it to and guess what... I HATE MOBA's there trash. DOW3 is not a MOBA... great stoy, great units, great ideas great game play... there is a lack of content... but i have gotten past that as I think there will be many DLC's for DOW3 with that in mind... This is a great title. Again, thanks guys... Cheers..."
76561198005409017,Recommended,285190,31447837,Posted: 29 April,all,Kurty,"Plain simple, the game works.Extremly nice Multiplayer, a combination of DOW I & IIBut it needs a lot of thinking and micromanagment, and mostly understanding of all the units and powers to be able to stand up against your foes.I just dislike the high price, which seems normal nowadays.Maps, more Armys will be coming.Single player has a nice story so far, not sure if i will love it as much as DOW2"
,Recommended,285190,31781074,Posted: 15 May,all,The MFing Yeti,"If you are a fan of Warhammer 40k, you are probably going to get this one anyway as to do otherwise would make you a filthy heretic.  For those who aren't die hard fans you probably want to know if it's worth shelling out $60 for.  The answer is yes and no.If you were a fan of previous versions then sure get it.  It's basically Dawn of War II but updated.  If you weren't really a fan of DoW2 or are just looking for an RTS to get then probably save your money and wait for it to go on sale.Campaign is interesting, jumps around a lot.  Can't really say that there is much depth to it so far from what I have played.  Multiplayer seems to be the main focus of the game with Campaign there just to give you a way to level people up and get more skulls to unlock stuff.  You can skirmish vs AI but expect them even on the lowest difficulty to just roflstomp you into the dirt until you figure out the various quirks and power rush strategies."
76561197999905442,Recommended,285190,31641989,Posted: 9 May,all,Tony,"I never really review games but with that siad I though i'd at least point out this game is fun.I played DOW1 and DOW2 (not in anyway hardcore, nor did I empty my wallet on spinoffs or expansions)I know this game is different, I know many people seem disgusted and revolted by that. But honestly there is nothing wrong with the game's direction in my eyes. The game slightly suffers from the usual ""New game hiccups"" like some units being stronger than others, some areas could defintely do with work done to them as well as additional feature put into the mix.But the game..... just for me, isn't a monstrosity. I've been enjoying how competetive and hard it is, and obviously from my hours in game have a long long long way to go before I fully understand how to make the most of each unit and situation.But for me, the game does make you want to figure them out.So i'll recommend it."
76561198022292799,Not Recommended,285190,31587882,Posted: 6 May,all,thelastone96,"To put it simple: it's Starcraft 2. No risk-map from DOW 1, and no Awesome customization of Heroes from DOW2. There are just three factions (3!) and bring nothing new. There is no cover system. This game is bug-free, it runs like a charm even on older laptops.I'm old enough to not mess around with reviews, but the other iterations were so good and this one so meh..."
76561197998217277,Not Recommended,285190,34356388,Posted: 19 August,all,ZEN UK,"I kinda knew what to expect from the 1000s of reviews, so this is just another one of those pennies thrown into the ever growing pile.I (amongst with numerous others) received the 50% voucher over the weekend. So you could well say that the ploy worked. Even though it had been on sale before, I decided to give it a try anyway.Download size was around 22 gig, unlike the advertised 50 gig listed on the store page.I had read that the campaign was a mix and match of space marines & eldar. So in the limited play time I have shown for this brief review, went straight to skirmish mode on annihilation classic. That essentially made up my mind whether to stick with it or give it a miss until the aforementioned mod support in the recent news update, is able to remove the gimmicky moba style elements.On the face of it, dow 3 requires alot of playtime to unlock elite perks.The overall impression I got from dow 3: it tries to take some of the basics from dow 1, that being the base building & capture points, then smears alot of grindfest style moba elements all over it."
,Recommended,285190,32636959,Posted: 22 June,all,Kromvolt,"Played DOW I & II and was eagerly awaiting this installament. DOW III is fun but tires fast. The ingame credit system does not motivate to play more or unlock sinificant extra features. Heros feel empty & Knights are no addition to a SM force (IMO).More races and a better ingame credit/point system would improve versatility en player experience. In addition the skirmish scale and focus on heroes does not do the grand 40k universe justice.Pro's+Space marines+Easy to play+Great solo player campaignCons- Limited races and game modes- Tires fast- Hero orientated gameplayI hope future additions help improve the experience and are intresting enough to return and play again. This title deserves more.In total 60/100, therefore a thumbs up.This will not be a game that I will play frequently but the solo player campaign was fun.As this game has potential for updates, I will be back to check future additions."
76561197973700275,Not Recommended,285190,33992237,Posted: 3 August,all,Sarduka,"Utter rubbish gameplay, no ability to change viewing angles and crap graphics"
76561197976352883,Recommended,285190,31570867,Posted: 5 May,all,Mhorge,"So, Dawn of War 3; from the perspective of a bit of a 40k nut.It's enjoyable. Anyone who compares it to a MOBA is frankly a moron, as it has nothing to do with one. There's no xp farming, there is no 'lanes', or fort pushs, no creeps/mercenaries or anything like that. If you want to use Hero abilities as a MOBA centric thing; then you may as well throw Warcraft 3 into the mix too, which imo far more fits that particular mould, or Starcraft 2. Besides; it's arguable but a hero that does nothing besides move and shoot would probably be fairly boring and be hardly 'heroic.'I would say that the story/campaign is fairly workable/enjoyable if rehashed. Relic's penchant for taking their old characters (including one's that have died *coughJonahcough*) and reusing them is frankly a bit confusing (dare I say it; unnecessary even), but whatever. The Orks are frankly the most enjoyable if only because of their zinger lines, in my honest opinion. There is one Eldar mission I can think of that actually attempts to do something new.Artistically speaking; I got used to the art style quite quickly, although I was never against it on the reveal. While I do think it's stupid that Gabriel literally towers over his men, in the game it helps you pick up on who is who quite quickly, which definitely helps. In fact, all the heroes are easy to identify, even in the heat of the game. As a 40k nut; the only artistic liberty I'm not a fan of, and this is quite petty, is how long a Space Marine's femur is in the cinematics. Those guys belong on a catwalk with those thighs. Having said that; the environments, the models all look fantastic and you're easily able to see what's going on. Sometimes however, it's confusing as to which hero unit you have selected though if you're not watching your sidebar.Gabriel doing front flips in Cataphractii Terminator Armour with his hammer is also C.S. Goto level stupid; but for the sake of a computer game, I'm willing to turn a blind eye, if only because Relic has never particularly been stringent to the lore, and I doubt they will start anytime soon.Gameplay wise; the game is smooth as hell, as suave as a Toreador. The programmers have done a fantastic job here of optimising the crap out of this game. The game both launches and closes quickly as well, which seems to be something of a lost art. I didn't experience a single hangup during my hours of playing it and I'm fairly sure I've sneaked graphics options on this game that I may not have otherwise gotten away with on others.Balance wise; the game is far from perfect. Tactical marines aren't very useful. The lack of a retreat button is a bit polarizing. I for one; love it. I love killing models rather than just forcing them off. Makes melee all the more dangerous (of course; it could also be said that Assault Marines are probably just a little too strong), with slows, stuns etc. It can be very hard keeping track of your units though; especially when you've built up a sizeable force, but I'm not sure if thats a design flaw really. This is a much larger game than Dow2 by virtue of scale; it's far better to compare it to Dawn of War 1 or the Command & Conquer series. In fact, it's probably better to not compare this too Dawn of War 2 at all because it's almost like they are two different genre's of games at this point.The Elite system is a good idea; but possibly not as fleshed out as I'd like. The Army Painter isn't nearly as robust as even the first game in my opinion which is frankly pretty tragic.I vehemently dislike the skull system 'progression mechanic' though; I think all it does is promote grinding the game, which makes it feel like work.So should you get this game? If you enjoy (particularly) Dawn of War 1 then yes. It's 'functional', it's enjoyable. It's at times funny even if some of it's plot development is eyerollingly obvious. The gameplay is solid if not particularly revolutionary."
76561198142448191,Recommended,285190,31981473,Posted: 26 May,all,lennon,great game but there are 4 main things that i would change1. add more factions (i would mostly like to see the imperial guard as a playable factiop)2. add more maps (there are only 6 without downloading remakes from the steam workshop)3. the units should have more of an impact on the battlefield (they deal too little damage and have very little health)4. more xp for elites (im  gaining way to little whether they do well or not)other than these 4 things i think that the game is fun and addictive.
76561198063795467,Recommended,285190,31981453,Posted: 26 May,all,silvtown,"Short and sweet review.I played Dow1 back in the day and had a great time. I missed Dow2 almost completely because life.I'd say, that so far, Dow3 scratches that Dow1 itch (that I crave). Is it perfect? No. In fact, I'm getting burnt out waiting on the May 31st balance patch (that was originally supposed to come out on May 24th). Still, I'm having a lot of fun playing 1v1s and slowly slowly working my way through the campaign.Pros:Graphics are nice. The ""cartoony"" complaints are overblown - when a Killa Kan dies, an ork rockets into the sky and then SPLATS on the ground. Builders melt under fire. It's violent.The races play quite different. Yes, there are only 3, but you can spend a lot of time on each one.Great sound effects.Power Core mode is a nice twist, but it could use some refining. Some people hate it. It's not really that different from destroying the opposing player's base, and most matches in this and previous DoW games end in surrender anyway.Scratches that Dow1 itch and should only get better with continued support.Elite and doctrine loadout is a nice strategic element to consider before the battle begins. As DLC and other races drop, the amount of combinations will get huge.When the opponent is roughly equal in skill, it's so very fun.Campaign is alright. The community is pretty split on it and I find myself waivering between ""fun!"" and ""meh...""Cons:Balance is very rough right now. Every race is now locked into their most abusive strat and it kills all the potential variety this game could offer. Looking forward to the May 31st patch.Limited maps, but this will be fixed soon (fingers crossed).Some bugs and rough-around-the-edges stuff. Game was released a little early and needed to cook in the QA oven longer.Steep learning curve. I hope they add some more games modes for newer players. It's going to be hard to cultivate a healthy gaming community with the limited options.Gabriel does a flip when he attackes! Oh no!If you like RTS, get this game. If you are frugal, then get this game when it goes on sale (there have already been a couple). If you're worried about all the negative steam reviews, then watch some youtube videos and wait until after May 31st, 2017."
,Recommended,285190,32038765,Posted: 29 May,all,Lonesteban,"Not what I expected, but not a bad game by any stretch.Sure, I have my little grievances with a few things in the game, but I would hesitate to call this game ""bad"" by any stretch of the imagination.  It tries some new things and is a welcome change of pace from the previous games while not being a total departure.The units, while a bit on the small side for grunts, are beautiful. I don't think there's ever been a better looking 40k game. The Elites add an interesting element to gameplay and are not overpowerd to the point that grunts become useless. They can still be taken down by playing correctly.The single-player is a bit of a yawn, but DoW I (before Dark Crusade) had some pretty boring single-player, too. Dawn of War II's story was boring even if the progression system in SP was exciting, so I don't fault DoW III for having a standard 40k story. I'd say it's about on par with some of the lesser Horus Heresy chapters.It's pretty obvious that Relic had a limited budget to work with . I think they did a great job with what they had and the game is good, even if it's not everything I ever wanted.If you are in the camp in which you want something more like I or II, it's not like they aren't super cheap everywhere. Install them and play and when you're ready for somthing new, come play III."
,Not Recommended,285190,34595898,Posted: 29 August,all,HaLarryous,I really wanted to like this game but the lack of customization options and the way they did that champaign made this another warhammer flop to me with almost no replay value
76561198068453817,Not Recommended,285190,31502744,Posted: 2 May,all,DuoNuo,EXTERMINATUS!!!
,Not Recommended,285190,31502939,Posted: 2 May,all,nemicles,"This game falls very far from the tree that was Dawn of War Franchise.  Lets call this what it realy is  Warcraft 3 with a Warhammer 40k skin.They dropped the ball on this game.   Everything from how units move/act to combat and controls this is less of a strategy game and leans way too far into the Moba/Action genre.   Sure it has base building but its irrelavant since units mean little to nothing.  Unlike the previous entries in this series where a unit (any unit) who had time and resources put into it could mean a significant threat on the battlefield.  Now units are just fodder to be burned through until you get 1 epic unit going to kill everything.   It feels from all sides the Warhammer 40k dawn of war golden era is dead and gone to be replaced with the cookie cutter RTS snoozefest that clogs the genre into the nearly none existance that it is.-Graphics are fine, neither great nor bad they are adequate.-Sounds are fine, many of the old ones are back with some new.-The lore and character dialogue is absurde.  I only got through about an hour or so of gameplay and nothing that I heard   made any sense.-Controls are an absolute mess with no key mapping available in game.   Making this even less desireable. (One and only feature they decided to bring from the older games.  Really? WTF are you thinking.........It hurts more than it should.)Im 99% sure that not a single member of the original Relic team who worked on DoW 1 and DoW 2 returned to build this crap.(But I could be wrong and would be sad if they did, since this is garbage compared to previous entries.)For the final conclusion this is a Warcraft/Starcraft game with a Warhammer 40k Skin the things that made DoW stand out from the rest is gone and the soul of it is dead.  Played an hour and deleted it with refund on the way.  Good luck to you, I'll go back to enjoy older games."
,Recommended,285190,31406432,Posted: 27 April,all,Graspingsquare,"Some of the most fun I have had with a RTS in years! Been playing it non stop since it came out (mainly the multiplayer). Ignore the neck beard haters, this is the large armies from DoW1 with the heros and elites bringing the units from DoW2. The cover system is no where near as good as 2 but overall I like where they took this and cant wait to play more.Another classic by Relic."
76561198064028916,Recommended,285190,31477182,Posted: 30 April,all,FlyingTnTPirate,WAAAGGGHHHH!!
76561198044364768,Not Recommended,285190,31471207,Posted: 30 April,all,thumpalump,"I don't know the relation between Sega, Games Workshop and Relic but this game has the feel of competing interests. It seems like one side is trying to stay true to what Warhammer 40K is and another forcing the game through a corporate loop. The corporate side seems to be winning too. Though the game has some good features (graphics are really good, and gameplay is a bit smoother and less clunky than other versions). The whole MOBA deal is ridicilous. Cannons and a core.. and on one map there is literally a mid and two side lanes with a jungle and everything. Throw the fact that there are only 3 races to play and none of them are my favorite (Tyranid, Tau, Necron) and this game falls short on too many levels. I hope hope the Warhammer 40K strategy genre is dying like it sure seems to be."
76561198045504025,Recommended,285190,31567061,Posted: 5 May,all,HunaSoldier,"An interesting combintation between Dawn of War 1 and 2.  The game has the squads from the first game as well as base design but a heavy dependance on your ""specials"" which are very similar to the squads from second."
,Not Recommended,285190,31506775,Posted: 2 May,all,hellsquad2,All in all a bland return of a great series. Hopefully they make it better in the future but at release I can't endorse this title in the series
,Recommended,285190,31503253,Posted: 2 May,all,TheWalkingDude,great sequel to DoWII
,Recommended,285190,31449980,Posted: 29 April,all,Löwe (P-NUT),FOR DA WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGA!!!!!!
,Recommended,285190,31810484,Posted: 17 May,all,Lykaios Azriel,"An interesting decision on how to portray the third installment of the Dawn of War series.  I personally am glad they at least partially returned to the base and army building aspects of Dawn of War 1 rather than continuing with the squad based gameplay of Dawn of War 2.  That said, this game feels a little lacking with only the Space Marines, Orks, and Eldar.  I think that it would feel much more complete if they brought back all of the different races through the previous games: the Chaos Space Marines, the Imperial Guard, the Sisters of Battle, the Dark Eldar, the Tau Empire, the Necrons, and the Tyranids.  Even if these races don't have a place in the campaign or an expansion campaign, being able to play them in multiplayer/skirmishes would make the whole game feel more like a continuation of the Dawn of War series.Another thing that I do hope they bring back is Last Stand Mode.  As much as I like to harp on Dawn of War 2 for stepping away from base and army building to focus more on squad based tactics, Last Stand Mode was a part of that game that I genuinely enjoyed.  Now, I know that some of the more advanced ""heroes"" or ""champions"" might seem a little over powered for it, but if they were available for play in it only if players reached a certain threshold, then I think they could fit in somehow.Now, with all my talking about what I hope they do with this game out of the way, I must now decide whether or not I recommend this game.  When I come across most games that feel incomplete and they aren't in alpha or beta builds I tend to avoid recommending them.  After all, there is no guarantee that the developers will do or continue to do a good job and I wouldn't feel right about telling other people to buy the game.  That said, if that was the only thing to affect my decision, I would say no.  However, being a fan of the Dawn of War series despite some of their choices that I feel were questionable at best, and given that I feel that they could make this game even better with just a little thought and hard work, I am going to say yes.  It has base/army building, terrain cover, a unique multiplayer/skirmish game style, good graphics, and a decent army customizability for both gameplay and appearance that you don't often see in RTS games these days.  Furthermore, since it is a relatively new release, there is plenty of time for them to release patches, updates, dlc, and expansions to further enhance the experience."
76561198134108054,Recommended,285190,31508126,Posted: 2 May,all,xDexMx,"Dawn of War 3 is an excellent addition to the series, the story for the campaign is actually interesting, and the campaign game play itself is really enjoyable, I'm over 10 hours in and still not completed (on normal difficulty).I went into this game not enjoying DOW 2 at all for the most part, but being a huge fan of DOW 1 and all of its expansions.All three of the races are well developed and the changes to the online actually make for better games.  The power core and turrets at each base that must be destroyed stop most rushing attempts, and actually cause for more interesting matches that feel like an actual battle as opposed to a skirmish.  The focus on the Heroes in the online is a little overbearing, as some of the bigger tanks can seem extremely overpowered, but everything has a counter."
,Recommended,285190,31476966,Posted: 30 April,all,ManShrimp,"I do not understand all the negative feedback.  The single player campaign is good, there is a pre-mission briefing with optional additional dialogue to help explain the setting and events taking place.  Every single part of this game is graphically polished and a joy to watch.The multiplayer map setup makes use of a few shield/turret/power generator options that are somewhat like a MOBA, but the gameplay is otherwise very similar to previous DoW entries and the automated defenses do little besides preventing a base rush.I really appreciate the elites and doctrine choices, and how much they add to gameplay.  There is a level up system which increases their utility that can be progressed in both singleplayer and multiplayer.  Really great game!"
76561197977728433,Not Recommended,285190,31649262,Posted: 9 May,all,Darthmuppet,"I am f**king done with this kind of unfinished, buggy bullsh**t.  I wish I could refund this game.  I preordered it and then had to go out of town for 8 days during launch.  This is just a steaming pile of buggy s**t.  Relic, y'all mother f**kers can suck my d**k.  This is the last Warhammer game I buy, at this point with the money I have spent on the s**t tier games that have come out for the franchise in the last 6 years I could have gotten back into the table top and at least had some painted models that look neat to show for it when I got bored of it.  If you want to blow your money on Warhammer 40k, blow it on the table top, not this piece of s**t."
76561198063304596,Not Recommended,285190,31451775,Posted: 29 April,all,Profnecro,"One step forward, three steps back."
,Recommended,285190,31444797,Posted: 29 April,all,Beefers,Very solid modern RTS. One the best to come along in a while.
76561197963015142,Recommended,285190,31500284,Posted: 1 May,all,Drifter,"Love the DOW games, wasn't expecting much from DOW3 because I fell into all the negativity, decided to give it a shot and I am glad I did. Personally, I liked DOW2 more than DOW1 but I am really digging DOW3, game is just fun. If interested in the game, give it a try, don't listing to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, there are some genuine critiques of the game but most are just whining."
,Recommended,285190,32064072,Posted: 30 May,all,Bothers McBitey,Is it an exact clone of DoW 1?No.Is it as complex as DoW 2?No.Is it still awesome to watch an Imperial Knight 1v1 an Gorkanaut while 2 massive armies beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other around them?♥♥♥♥ yeah it is.
76561198007957430,Not Recommended,285190,35460802,Posted: 3 October,all,SunSet HBG,As a hardcore warhammer fan dont get this crap its trash... This game is League of legends with warhammer models.... If you are a hardcore warhammer fan I Would recomend total war warhammer... or total war warhammer 2.
,Recommended,285190,31478729,Posted: 30 April,all,West,"People givng this a negative review are insane. The game is so much fun.It's like a modern Warcraft 3, and I've enjoyed every minute of it."
76561197988185529,Recommended,285190,31515131,Posted: 2 May,all,wpmaura,"Very Enjoyable, I did not like DOW2 and Loved DOW1. Been playing RTS since the original dune and warcraft and this is a great game.The Campaign is standard for any RTS dont expect academy award writing etc. But to  be honest I think the voice acting is spot on and its fun.Of the 3 races, I have more fun with the Space Marines and Orcs The eldar in general I dont like for what ever reason, just like I didnot like the undead in war craft or zerg in starcraft. But saying that each of the 3 are very different from each other.The orcs are awesome, Everytime I charge up there waggh I am reminded of mad max and its fun and chaotic.The Heroes units are fun and I love using the Paladin to chainsaw a massive group of enemies.Mulitplayer is also decent I have a lot more fun with 3 vs 3, and I kind of wish they would do a 3v3v3 but hey I can dream.As for stability, I had one minor panning glitch which has not returned. Overall Have had no issue and am well into mission 8 and have played a lot of multiplayer.This is a very good game and its blast to see all the carnage, reminds of supreme commander with the bodies except instead of wrecked mechs its bodies."
76561198342830066,Recommended,285190,31688602,Posted: 11 May,all,wotjd8902,"good game, I'm having fun a lot"
76561198073900811,Not Recommended,285190,31689542,Posted: 11 May,all,JamesAims,nice game but a shame it just keeps crashing during multiplayer sessions .....
,Recommended,285190,31415252,Posted: 28 April,all,XBeater,"I've been a Dawn of War fan since I was at grade school and i've played all Dawn of War titles of DOW 1 & 2. I'm also an active MOBA player (DOTA 2). First of all, let's get one thing clear, DOW 3 IS NOT a MOBA game (search the internet about the definition of a MOBA game). At first, i was skeptical about buying this iteration of the DOW franchise because of all the hate in the open beta but after experiencing its gameplay and watching the developer interview, it is really the culmination of all DOW experiences throughout the years. Stop calling this a MOBA game just because of having to destroy single structure (power core) that will determine who will win or lose. In fact, they even made it better because all action will be focused on a single point which eliminates the problem with RTS of constantly waiting for someone to make the first move. Let's face it, RTS is now dominated by MOBA games and there are no new REAL rts game currently in the market, that is the reason why DOW 3 must adapt  to cater both hardcore RTS and MOBA fans so that they could increase their fan base and allow MOBA have a familiar environment while maintaining the core concept of an RTS game (base building and large scale battles) . If your a real gamer (and mostly if a Warhammer 40k fan)  and you say that this game is trash, shame on you for not being able to think broadly. The gameplay is more intense because its now a fast paced RTS unlike the old days but hey, its Warhammer 40k, the more chaotic the better! Thank you Relic for this amazing iteration. It shows that they are constantly trying new ways to add variety across all DOW games. I would suggest that you should add different game modes such as Annihilation and Capture and Hold (like in COH 2). Also think about bringing back the retreat and suppression system.  Buy the game. Play for less than 2 hrs and it you really didn't liked it, ask for a steam refund end of discussion."
76561198036886345,Recommended,285190,31500182,Posted: 1 May,all,efpotgieter,"I enjoyed the single player, a few less bugs would have been nice and the resources/upkeep needs to be worked on."
,Recommended,285190,31429385,Posted: 28 April,all,Mr.SelfDestruct,Relic.... fap fap fap... DOW40k WAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHHH!!! total sploosh...
,Recommended,285190,31500238,Posted: 1 May,all,Osiris,muy buen juego sin embargo le falta mas razas y mapas son como 8  para lo que pesa el juego 30 gb es muy poco lo que tiene
76561198037996846,Recommended,285190,31726521,Posted: 13 May,all,UnworthyAlpha,"This game can be summarized in the immortal words of Rogal Dorn:""It was okay. 5/10""https://img.fireden.net/tg/image/1475/97/1475970854767.jpg"
,Not Recommended,285190,31806406,Posted: 17 May,all,[USMC]Malikav,"Dawn of War III was a disappointing sequel to the second installment for several reasons.Chief amongst these:-Limited number of base buildings and unit types compare to previous DOW games.-Lane gameplay combined with overpowering hero based gameplay makes this feel more like a moba/rts hybrid than a DOW classic game.-Single player campaign features poorly designed levels, an annoying feature where you must switch back and forth between factions, and fragmented/disjointed story telling.-Absurdly limited number of maps compared to any previous DOW game, and most RTS's in general.-The disemboweling of the cover system.-Graphics that are barely a step up from what we had in DOW2.-Cartoonish overall feel as opposed to the more ""grimdark"" feel of previous games (opinion) IE: Waagh tower effect.Things that I did enjoy about this game.-The soundtrack and audio.-Increased unit cap means larger armies than previous DOW games.Overall, I'm disappointed with how this turned out, and considering how bare bones it feels right now I'm worried that a lot of content is going to be locked behind a paywall. This feels like a very stripped down version of a DOW game with entirely too heavy an emphasis on Hero units that makes the entire experience frustrating and unfamiliar to a longtime fan of the series.I would give this game a 6/10 in its current state, not a passable grade."
76561198004673430,Recommended,285190,31475260,Posted: 30 April,all,Renegade,It's actually pretty fun.
76561198019126228,Recommended,285190,31636566,Posted: 8 May,all,XxX.,"hello,i recently reaad reviews on this game and some are bad....i wasn't expecting something from this game and i have played both previous games ..... but as i knew DoW1 was diferent from DoW2 so i thought DoW3 would be diferent also... in my opinion they took what was good from both previous and made it one... i like the game o lot but i can understand some coments .. the game has a feeling that it can get improved (more maps-some problems).  i find the power core mision rly nice and gives a meaning to the multiplayer game....!overall i enjoy the gameplay and i want more....!!!! very good game..."
,Not Recommended,285190,31808137,Posted: 17 May,all,Treucer,"This game is garbage. Nothing like the first two, and not good on it's own. Stay away until it's $5 and even then..."
76561198066831017,Recommended,285190,31486504,Posted: 1 May,all,Ulrich von Jungingen,"It's not DoW1, or 2, but it's still a very good RTS. Factions are varied, units are creative, tons of micro for a game without macro. I'm enjoying the multiplayer. As for the singleplayer well it's clearly a tutorial for multi, sadly nothing like DoW2. Oh and it's a Moba? Because it has objectives? Yeah,no.A slight lack of content mapwise, easily rectified by adding community maps just like CoH2.And a new gamemode please, to keep multi engaging"
76561197995196273,Recommended,285190,31731724,Posted: 13 May,all,j.lmcmaster,I love warhammer 40k universe and i loved dawn of war and dawn of war 2.But dawn of war 3 is something of a let down.Let me explain before you all shout at me.Firsdt you must ask yourself is this a dawn of war game? Simple answer is 50/50.There are very few units to choose from.Very few builds to create.It takes forever to unlock all specials and characters.It does try to continue the dawn of war story line but by dividing it into three story lines makes it so annoying.I like that they tried something new but it didnt really work.As it is the game isnt really worth the current asking price but if you really want it then dont let me stop you from buying it.
76561198007371954,Recommended,285190,31846598,Posted: 19 May,all,Nagash Supreme Lord of th Undead,"Easy to learn hard to master, can't wait for expansions. Great campaign"
,Recommended,285190,31428873,Posted: 28 April,all,Oppai-Lover,"If you are looking for an DOW1 with modern Graphic, more units and some new things, you wount find them here. What you will find if you buy DOW3 is an, in my oppinion, interesting and fun RTS Game that does some things right and some things ""wrong"". This is not the new DOW i, and many many others, wished for but it is simply not as bad as people make it out to be. If you buy this game you get a RTS with heavy focus on micromanaging your troops and a little bit of base building in an awesome universe with good looks. I think it captures some of the dark and grimm aspekts of WH40K but not all of it. For my taste it could have been a little bit darke and not so flashy.I enjoy to play the Game, its multiplayer is nice and the Story so far is ok too.One last thing to add if you can get a friend to play this with you 2v2 multiplayer battles are fun as hell."
76561198032844349,Not Recommended,285190,31445058,Posted: 29 April,all,dolgu,This game is heresy!
76561198188578186,Not Recommended,285190,34866821,Posted: 10 September,all,Huckebein MK II,I tried this game and I didn't like it at all.
,Recommended,285190,31444997,Posted: 29 April,all,BARNABY JONES,Fun. Haters for the most part are autistic WH40k fangays who can't handle new things
76561198007541192,Recommended,285190,31467659,Posted: 30 April,all,schnzy,"Its an interesting attempt at a cross between Dawn of War 1 and 2. Yeah it need ms more races, more units, more options, mmre game modes and more pretty much everything.No doubt Relic has plans for dlc to add all these much like DoW 1 did over time.I was intitially disappointed. But i am still going to give this game a good reccomendation based on its potential for the fufture. I think the gameplay feels good, its still extremly sastifying to play, and I am cerrtain once more races and units get added this will be a fantastic game."
76561198020204707,Recommended,285190,31467953,Posted: 30 April,all,Kithern,DAwn of war 3 is by far the best dawn of war i have played so far and i love it im a war hammer 40k fan for life!!!!
76561197963322482,Not Recommended,285190,31550148,Posted: 4 May,all,Winslow Chuttlesbey,"As a fan of the DoW series, I felt obligated to buy this.I saw the mixed reviews, pulled the trigger anyways. I can now understand why there are negative reviews.I've played through the first 4 campaign missions. Shrugged, havent played it since.Yet another half baked 40k Game.What the hell Relic? You had time, you had budget. This is what you release?Whoever convinced the devs that this was the direction to take DoW♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed.Not paying for expansions, not buying any further DoW games."
76561198160534137,Not Recommended,285190,34409216,Posted: 21 August,all,Akira_R,"Well I have to say this was just as dissapointing as I feared.If you enjoyed the earlier DoW titles you likely won't enjoy this one.If you are a Wh40K lore fan then stay far far far away.If you are into eSports type RTS games then maybe you will like it.All of the things that made Relic RTS games sooo good has either been heavily dumbed down or completely removed. Gone are the cover mechanics, replaced by a stupid bubble shield system that makes absolutely no sense from a lore perspective and just does not feal like DoW type gameplay. The capture point system is dumbed down compared to DoW1, gone are things like relics and critical locations. While base building is back (main reason I stayed away from DoW2) it is heavily dumbed down and feels very blaned. Elite units can no longer be recruited, instead you get to choose 3 that you will be able to use, and then you have to save up Elite points until you have enough to call one in, very lame in my oopinion and clearly aimed at an esport type of play. While there is a reinforcment type of mechanic it is nothing like DoW 1 was, gone are the deep levels of customization you can give units. As far as combat goes it really feels like I am playing Starcraft but with a 40K skin on it.The campaign is very linear and the fact that you switch races every other mission is beyond annoying. While I loved the story driven campaigns of Starcraft and Warcraft 3 they are the only linear heavy story driven campaigns I have ever enjoyed. I would much rather have less story and more freedom and choice in my campaign, personally I loved the campaign from DoW Soul Storm, combining the RTS game of DoW 1 with a turn based strategy ""over map"" a-la Total War was wonderful in my opinion.Ultimately if they had called this anything but Dawn of Watr 3 I probably would have given it a better review, as a simple RTS geared at the eSports scene it's not too bad, as a Dawn of War game it is an utter dissapointment. Back to DoW Soul Storm with the Ultimate Apocalypse mod installed."
76561198057685255,Recommended,285190,31696376,Posted: 11 May,all,Lockewood,"Good game! I get why so many dont like it. That said, this game is enjoyable for me."
,Recommended,285190,31500455,Posted: 1 May,all,Sir_Lexalot,"This is a random review with random thoughts.Although I preferred the gameplay style found in DoW II where units felt more important and seeing the first mech unit on screen always gave me a sense of awe or dread (depending on which team it was on), I saw DoW III, accepted it for what it was, kept an open mind, and enjoyed this game overall and continue to do so.I miss the kill-syncs and wish there was a way to turn it on or off for competitive games, but I can live without it.Many of the new elite units are cool and powerful, but they can be taken down with the right maneuvering and counters. Also blobbing does not really work with the numerous AoEs. As much as I want Chaos, Tau, Tyranids, Necron, IG, Dark Eldar, and so on, I think the 3 factions at launch are fine; they have different mechanics, and play quite differently.I do think there is depth in the units and the skills they have and roles they play. Together with the doctrines, it can actually be overwhelming. But if that is not your thing, with this, I can just start a game and just have fun. That to me is what I find appealing. I like the W40k universe for its absurdity, over the top space drama, and artstyle. Also, I have enjoyed all of Relic's W40k games, and look forward to DoW III expansions.If you get this game, I hope you enjoy it.PS: I think Relic could have avoided some controversy with back-flipping Angelos, by just putting a teleporter on him and having him teleport down on them sorry asses.PPS: I named the other races in order of what I hope to see :) Don't hate."
76561197970338185,Recommended,285190,31499588,Posted: 1 May,all,noir_angels,I have enjoyed the games single player.
76561198009933540,Recommended,285190,31499499,Posted: 1 May,all,Kerberos Nora,"Feels good so far.Pro:Feels more like DoW 1 than DoW 2.Not a Company of Heroes style unit placement like DoW 2.No wargear system like DoW 2 which felt messed up.The narrative seems okay. I don't dislike it strongly.Vehicles are strong and can capture points.Gabriel Angelos.Macha Spear OP.Large unit caps. Orks get 250, others like 150.All upgrades in one building so no searching for stuff.Building tabs to select and build without panning to find the building or hotkeying it.Big tier elites look cool and massive compared to everyone else.No permanent stealth units like DoW 1.Builders can detect stealth.Con:No execution kills like DoW 1The elite system is difficult to figure out.The towers and shield generators make DoW 3 feel like a MOBA but it isn't. (could be cool to have a mini mode that tries that out at some point though like last stand).Has no last stand mode like DoW 2.Has no campaign map like Dark Crusade or Soul Storm, just a list.No dedicated race campaign. It criss crosses between each race every mission.Only three(3) races.Isn't DoW 1."
,Recommended,285190,31499575,Posted: 1 May,all,Pachi,"So I wake up in the middle of the night in my 2 bedroom apartment. I find me roommate passed out face down on the wooden floor. I think nothing of it and go back to sleep. The next morning I wake up to go to work and there is a homeless guy asleep on my couch. My roommate woke up still drunk and had made friends with a bum. And this is the second time he let a stranger off the street just stroll in and pass out. Great.You are probably thinking what does this have to do with my arts and crafting.Well, I bought this product and proceeded to cover everything my roommate owns in glitter. Every T-shirt, every book, ever pair of shoes, his bed... I covered his entire life in glitter. He will have glitter in every crevice of his existence until he dies.Did some track out all over my apartment? yes.Does the carpet look like a care bear farted all over it? Yes.Did he threaten to kill me? Sure.But will he ever let another stranger sleep on the couch? NoWill I ever have to worry about a random guy off the street murdering me in the night? NoAll the security for just $12.44. Unbelievable Staggering Value. Cannot recommend enough.Oh, wait this is supposed to be a review of Dawn of War III, Meh whatever."
76561198055630107,Recommended,285190,31499604,Posted: 1 May,all,babycakes,"7/10. DoW 1 & 2 were radically different from each other, and they each played to their own strengths. However, this game tries to mix the 2 of them together while at the same time showing an emphasis in online play rather than single player. The result isn't so much something that fails to deliver, more just that it doesn't quite live up to what the game's fans had come to expect from the game. Key aspect from previous games such as cover and sync kill were removed (presumably to allow online games to flow more easily), but those were both staples and greatly loved part of the game. It is good, but not much else."
,Recommended,285190,31417201,Posted: 28 April,all,「MLG」☠Rare Damage✈BOING☁Main,TOP RTS 2017 !!!
76561198042106153,Not Recommended,285190,31448575,Posted: 29 April,all,Conflicter,"the single player is okay average storyline with some challenges, the multiplayer is shocking even if the game looks nice make sure it has some content that makes you want to play it instead of just boring repetative multiplayer matches shoulda stuck to dow 1 people still play that to this day because it was successful and had a kick♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer this just blows, dow games are good but get this joker in the sale"
,Recommended,285190,31398331,Posted: 27 April,all,Sharp Hand Joe,Its good. Evne though people are mad that its not DOW 1 or that it only has 3 races. they put alot into the 3 and it shows.
76561197992094576,Recommended,285190,31414630,Posted: 28 April,all,Kanark,Anyone calling this game a MOBA doens't know what a MOBA is. It's a solid RTS with a wide range of ways to loadout your armies.
76561197974026996,Recommended,285190,31397245,Posted: 27 April,all,Lazy Wolf,It takes a bit of getting used to but there is a moment where it all clicks and you have a complete blast with the game!
,Recommended,285190,31690266,Posted: 11 May,all,HO CHI MINH,BAD GAME! TRUST ME! i wish i can refund this game!
,Recommended,285190,31464673,Posted: 30 April,all,РlayэяOnё☭CheekiБreekSlav,The best DAWN all noobs complayinig and well balanced :)
76561198011039198,Recommended,285190,31451962,Posted: 29 April,all,KEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN,HATING IS HERESY
76561198055561416,Recommended,285190,31406651,Posted: 27 April,all,Dschaufel63,"Game is pretty good, probably not worth 60 bucks. I would price it at 40. A lot of the negatives are from♥♥♥♥♥♥tier kids that can't handle the system requirements or the WAAAAGHH!"
76561198036359745,Recommended,285190,31406706,Posted: 27 April,all,Fluffayyy,Its neat
,Recommended,285190,31401843,Posted: 27 April,all,AlixX,Awesome game! I did the beta and now its live it will be my go to RTS. For those RTS gamers out there. You need to get used to it! Give it a good chance!
,Recommended,285190,31742595,Posted: 14 May,all,ParanormalD,"Good RTS , bad Warhammer Game."
76561198289139980,Recommended,285190,31455505,Posted: 29 April,all,xponent,"I've played this game for a few hours now, and even though that is not very long, I can honestly say it's an enjoyable game. All of the negative reviews of this game seem to be people mad it's literally not an exact copy of the previous games lol; pro tip, if you want to play DoW1, don't buy DoW3. The game is more of what I would label an RTS with a MOBA'ish feel to it.The one criticism I'd say, is that I hope they add more factions, as it only has 3."
,Recommended,285190,31455655,Posted: 29 April,all,FrogMachine,"Pretty fantastic game so far. I'm about 8 missions in on the SP and while it's fairly straightforward, the hamminess of the characters and the Orks being so goofy are giving me a good kick. It does play out kind of like a tutorial, but it's valuable for the exp that is given to Elites, which is massive, and helps unlock a lot of useful army doctrines for MP.MP is absolute madness, especially in 3v3. The Escalation phases are key to the momentum. Generally, early game is mostly infantry focused with aggressive play to take control of contested points. As the phases go up, cash flow increases, so armies move into higher tiers and get way bigger. By final phases, you have enormous armies coming onto the field and mega powerful units. It's incredibly fun.Micro is MUCH MUCH more important in this compared to previous DoW games, and most people claiming that A-clicking wins you games are not playing against competent players. A blob will get absolutely shredded by any decent player, so splitting units, avoiding AoE's, utilizing abilities is what wins you fights. Doctrines can also shift things in your favour and enhance units to be used in multiple ways. For example, I main Eldar and using the cloak doctrine on Dire Avengers allows me to not only get out of sticky situations and split units well, but also sneak up on people for Plasma nade throws and CC.Elites are extremely strong and can shift fights to your favour, but good positioning and pressure can shut them down very easily too. They keep opponents on their toes too, as some elites can do some serious army wipes with the right timing.I'm enjoying the hell out of it personally. It's fast, fun and very chaotic. Not really feeling much in terms of MOBA influence. If I were to compare it to anything, it's similar to WarCraft 3 in that unit management and proper hero utilization can shift fights very well. Macro takes a secondary role and while there is base building, it's very simple and focused more on forward bases/blitzkrieg style macro. It's tuned to an aggressive style of play, which is way up my alley.Loved the previous Dawn of War games too, and it's up in the air whether this is my favourite one or not. Easy to get into, hard to master."
76561198201728815,Recommended,285190,31426944,Posted: 28 April,all,[OPP]Donk,"I'm a huge fan of the previous DoW games but lets be honest, there was a huge difference between DoW and DoW 2 and at first I didn't like it but after playing hours of DoW 2 I clearly enjoyed it.  Many gamers are calling this game a MOBA. I don't agree with that at all. I'm assuming that its because there are shield generators, turrents and a base to destroy.  That in it self doesn't make a game a MOBA, just a game with objectives.This game is clearly a RTS, it has ""elite"" units which some people may accosicate with MOBAs.To me personally a MOBA is where I have one guy with some 8 or so buttons and I have to pick a character to fit my team.Now to the real question, would you recommend this game?  Overall I would say yes. I don't like some aspects but I'm sure glad they got rid of the victory points in this one.  I didn't like it in DoW 2 or CoH 1/2."
,Recommended,285190,31404870,Posted: 27 April,all,Μεγας Κώσερον,"WH40K fans always been whiney. The game's good, it lacks some features, but it is sure that those will be soon added. I'll never understand if the do not love the game and it is not in their magical and irrational desires and if theyre not met, the put an insta-dislike.Campaign's good. The gameplay is not clunky AF like DoW I, it is very good, very micro heavy. Graphics is subjective, but they're not bad, I like them.Voice actors are different than the previous games, but as for expect for a WH40K game, they're excellent.I'll change some things of the UI, the game seriously needs an intelligent design for getting better gameplay options.8/10"
76561198050337300,Recommended,285190,31849363,Posted: 19 May,all,Joosh,Would recommend to any RTS fan
76561197983376919,Recommended,285190,31450387,Posted: 29 April,all,Serious,i've played DOW 1 and 2 and this is DOW 3 this game are ok !!
,Not Recommended,285190,31549872,Posted: 4 May,all,RedPlague,"Having just finished the campaign (if you can call if that) I now can whole heartingly say this game is complete trash. It's slow, boring and short. Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not really any fun. The only reason I finished the campaign to begin with was because I was ""pot commited"" like in a game of poker. They couldn't even make a campaign for each race so they just piled them all together and only 3 races as well. I'm sure in another two years with another 100.00 in DLC this game MIGHT be ok but for now avoid like the plague and extremely dissapointed considering how much I love the lore and previous games. AVOID THIS LAZY♥♥♥♥♥BS."
76561198063730576,Recommended,285190,31439748,Posted: 29 April,all,Raptorz,"Having played DoW2 I actually really liked the new installment. Yeah the learning curve is a little steeper this time, but hey that's a good thing in the long run. You'd want the game to be challenging and to teach you new things everyday. A game that you master in hours or in a day or two quickly becomes boring and its Steam library's Unistall button starts to glow in a hypnotizing holy light...The game is pretty fun and without delving into little details at release there are two main things that it lacks, which keep it to the ""very good"" instead of ""great"" level:1. More multiplayer/skirmish maps.2. More races. This is a must if the game is to be enjoyed for a long time. Necrons, Tau, Chaos... whatever you choose just add more races that we can kick humies and smelly greenskin arses with."
76561198073607481,Recommended,285190,31432800,Posted: 28 April,all,ChaosCody,this game is very good you should get its not like the other dows but its good in its own ways
,Recommended,285190,31441103,Posted: 29 April,all,Warboss Smashface,"First thing to say. If you havent played a game for at least a few hours, dont give it a review. you havent experienced anything like enough of the product to be entitled to an opinion on it, and certainly not when youre ""conveniently just under the refund threshhold"" as so many naysayers seem to be.Pros- graphics are very nice, no complaints to either units or animations.- plenty of strategic elements to the game when you actually stop and think about them, just not as obvious as many other games. it doesnt spoon feed you. Theres elites that have presences so which ones do i field for their bonuses to combine with my doctrine traits? the ones that are weaker in combat with awesome army buffs or the stronger ones that dont give the extra boost.- map control style of play, not sure why so many people are complaining about the fact that you need to push objectives to win, (shield -> turret -> base) how is that different to standard annihilation in other rts games? If anything its more strategic/tactical because you get rewarded at each stage of objective completion and cant just swarm the enemy base from the go. You decide how to advance objectives (eg kill turret after gen), or go for the other gen and get a currency reward to try and snowball.- campaign was entertaining and challenging, especially when played on hard, and had some good and well fitting dialogue.- maps are well themed and entertaining, nice elements of strategy on many of them too, which side to focus on controlling so you can harass, which resources you value more, etc.- controls are perfectly functional.Cons - cover system could use some work- some early game elites are a bit too ""swingy""- production buildings need default keybinds (or the ability to bind to f1/f2/f3) instead of taking up control groups.- some micro issues, but honestly this sort of falls under ""get good"". if you cant handle the micro, what rts game DO you like to play? even sc2 has heavy micro elements at high levels of play.  practice and improve."
,Recommended,285190,32140053,Posted: 2 June,all,Vondodo,I enjoyed the game overall but the ending was a bit choppy and hastened i assume. For those buying this game if you want to support the developers then go buy it otherwise a Steam Sale is around the corner and I would recommend waiting you'd still be supporting the developer but at least not at the price.
76561198049499601,Recommended,285190,31428713,Posted: 28 April,all,Diluted_One,"Great game, loving it as much as Soul Storm. Not sure why there is so much hate for it as it plays well, its nice and smooth, there are great units and it feels like the 40k universe.Having doctrines and ablities to customise your army to suit your play style is awesome as well."
76561198011231411,Recommended,285190,31440992,Posted: 29 April,all,Scoundrelus,"Ok there's a lot of people not recommending this game.  However if you look at how many of these reviews are written, they are emotionally driven and angry.  People had expectations but this game didn't meet them.  I played pretty much every Dawn of War RTS that's out at the moment.  I think DOW1 is the best, I enjoyed the campaign in DOW2 (the lack of base building really let me down), and now I've played DOW3.  While I prefer DOW1 over DOW3, I still think that DOW3 is a good game in it's own right.  Many of the people no recommending it are doing it out of spite.  So if you are looking for an attractive RTS with fun combat, the bad assery of the Blood Ravens, the hilarity of the Orks, and the smugness of the Eldar, then you'll enjoy this game.  Just play it with an open mind knowing that this isn't DOW1, it's a different game.  Ignore those talking about price, they know little about how much it costs to develop a game like DOW3."
,Recommended,285190,31404083,Posted: 27 April,all,The Decider,"Game is great, 90% of the negatives are from people with ~1 hour, either sweaty butthurt manbaby wh40k virgins, or genuine ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Anybody calling it a ""MOBA"" are ♥♥♥♥ing literal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who haven't been alive long enough to know what WC3 is.Game isn't perfect, I'm not a complete fan of the current game mode and I would like some more races, but that's all going to come in time. Game has workshop support directly inside of it, so more maps and possibly mods isn't really a concern at all.Other than that, the game looks great and is well optimized, the campaign is decent but nothing to write home about."
,Recommended,285190,31399381,Posted: 27 April,all,Sorgos,"This game feels like a mix between MOBA and RTS... I give this game a 7,5 out of 10"
76561198142071668,Recommended,285190,31451422,Posted: 29 April,all,۞T۞u۞s۞✪۞F۞K۞e™۞☻,Long time been waiting for this game
,Not Recommended,285190,31400371,Posted: 27 April,all,tofubun,Game has no shadows under units and the textures are incredibly blurry. Running on 1070 GTX 1440p I was incredibly disappointed by the graphics. I expected much more.
76561197991632103,Not Recommended,285190,31452012,Posted: 29 April,all,oilcan420,wait a couple of months till the game is $30 and then it will be worth the money if you can get past the fact that is a nasty sequle of the warhammer franchise
,Recommended,285190,31402174,Posted: 27 April,all,Kiki162,"Personally I find it fun, and don't really understand a large amount of complaints about issues with the graphics... While I'm more in it for the singleplayer I still feel like the game is worth it."
,Recommended,285190,31402723,Posted: 27 April,all,EqualsLife♥,"It combines the large armies of the first game with the specialized heroes of the second game. Overall I think it's a great combination of the two previous titles and personally I think the ""MOBA"" multiplayer gives a clear objective and path to victory and is not a negative point."
,Recommended,285190,31402770,Posted: 27 April,all,Gunndar,"Giving this a thumbs up based soley on the single player side of things, and the fact unlike most new releases, it's running pretty much error free on an SLI setup.  Base building is back, although defensive options for players who like to turtle are now gone.  Lame.  Hero units are OP as balls, making the standard units feel fodderish.Mix of DoW 1 and a MOBA, at least in multiplayer.  IMHO, they should've just stuck to DoW 1 mechanics & overhauled the graphics.  I'm sure we will get onther races than the base 3 in wave after wave of money-grubbing DLC.  Army painter is nice though, but you can't import custom logos, unlike the original.  So sorry, no Space Marines sporting Dongs this time around :("
76561198063507221,Recommended,285190,31402737,Posted: 27 April,all,Warder,"This game is great, it delivers everything it promised to deliver and it delivers it with a grace and glory worthy of its predecessors."
,Recommended,285190,31402646,Posted: 27 April,all,Defekt,A few bugs but enjoying it so far - could perhaps do with a bit more polish but the Orks is proper orky like.
,Recommended,285190,31406757,Posted: 27 April,all,Saneless,"I have never played DoW before, but this is a solid RTS, with some moba action in the mix. If you liked warcraft 3 youll like this."
76561197985235858,Recommended,285190,31405302,Posted: 27 April,all,Gr!M,definitly feels more like the better of the previous installments dow 1  love it
,Recommended,285190,31402068,Posted: 27 April,all,Cadaverify,"I have many hours logged on DoW and DoW2 I feel this game is a good combination of the two, I enjoy the multiplayer the ""moba"" elements I feel add a way to close to game without them turning into a 2 hour stale mate, I enjoy the elite hero system as well, My only gripe is that the base building feels kind of shallow, where in I am just place buildings to make troops or upgrade them, with no turrets etc. to build when there are clearly models for these in the game. All in all I would recommend if you are a fan of DoW series or warhammer 40k or just RTS in general."
76561198036138964,Recommended,285190,31407135,Posted: 27 April,all,Shock Trooper,Don't let people tell you this game is trash because it's really good! The multiplayer is amazing and very competitive which is why I really like this game with the base building and hero units! Best way to describe the game is that it's dawn of war and dawn of war 2 put together with a power core you have to destroy at the enemy base to win. The game is not a moba but has a power core like a moba does... But the game is a rts base building controlling units type of game. I think people are just upset because it's not dawn of war original remake..8.8/10
76561198018102618,Recommended,285190,31405733,Posted: 27 April,all,Master of Mirrors,"game is fun, a few salty trolls bandwagonned on the salt train and are trying to convince people otherwise"
76561198003544593,Not Recommended,285190,31451959,Posted: 29 April,all,Excaalor,"This is one of the biggest disappointments in recent memory.  I have almost every 40K game ever made and while DOW1 show cased out an RTS can funtion at its best and DOW2 with interesting characters and wargear with histories that evoked true Warhammer 40k universe dedication to story.After 1 full day I am so thoroughly disappointed by the game I am going to uninstall.  There is no strategy, no base buidling, no reason to protect or develop units, a skill system which denies any real development of your heroes, no war gear, and a series of single player campaign missions which left no room for intelligent thought.I can't believe this is what took so long to develop. I normally rubber stamp any 40K game but this gives me pause in any new purchases.The price of this game makes this a shame."
76561198012253671,Recommended,285190,31407671,Posted: 27 April,all,KhorpseFister,Amazing game whether you are into the 40k theme or not. fun campaign with a decent story. Army customizing can change how you play missions furthering replay value. There is only one thing wrong with this game and that is no Last Stand mode. The game really needs a last stand mode.  Great introduction to what I am guessing is going to be a bunch of releases including the rest of the factions. The controls work well.
76561197975791250,Recommended,285190,31467134,Posted: 30 April,all,[82DK] Feast,"many people crying about this game becuase its not like the rest or its not true to 40k or whatever. i like 40k games, i dont know any about the lore but what i have learned from the games. i have been playing RTS for 20 years. this game is fun. its different, it feels MOBA ish, base builind is eh, but overall the game plays well and it has great depth. avoid the  nay sayers whos opionion is based on the game being different or doesnt follow lore."
76561197967717503,Recommended,285190,31429360,Posted: 28 April,all,D370X,"Having doubts that this game was going to be a massive failiure, at first I was a little skeptical. But after playing several hours in the beta, as well as launch, I feel like I've grown more attached to the game as a whole, and I'm actually enjoying it. The multiplayer is great with a decent singleplayer and i haven't come across any Day-1 bugs unlike most games that have come out in the last decade.Honestly, i think people are overreacting to the new changes that DOW3 brings. Saying like its a MOBA; Gabriel being able to jump with the armor he wears, people hating on the game for the sake of hating, ect....I really think more people should give this game a try and see for themselves. If you really don't like it after that, then stop playing, get a refund and carry on your way. There's no need to downvote this game and give it a bad name just to ride the hate train. It ruins the chance for game that has so much potential to be better than what it is.7.5/10""It was okay.""-Rogal Dorn"
,Recommended,285190,31427657,Posted: 28 April,all,Malps,WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHH!!
76561198036414316,Recommended,285190,31461642,Posted: 30 April,all,siegebeast 1337,takes the best bits from dow 1 and dow 2 and combines them! great game so far!
76598567254680134,Recommended,285190,31513363,Posted: 2 May,all,[RCL]Böshi,All these hater be hating fam lit
76561198010198714,Recommended,285190,31410442,Posted: 28 April,all,Gruth,This is a good game. All the negative reviews expected a DoW1 - This is not DoW1. Instead it's a very original fast paced RTS and not a moba.
,Not Recommended,285190,31406767,Posted: 27 April,all,Nyyksi,"WARNING: This review has a little bias on it since I played the previous two games so this review won't be with a fresh set of eyes.I'll try and keep it short and simple ;) (Just like my asian di- I didn't say that.)As the fat hand with a thumbs down suggests, I don't recommend this game. What I can say good about this game is that it had very satisfying graphics, large armies, the titan units for the 3 races (Especially the cheese elves. My God Taldeer was cool.) and fact that they brought back base building, which was a big part as to why I liked this franchise. Now to bash this game. It wasn't enjoyable. More specifically, it was basically a few hour show for me. I got to play around a bit, army painter ahoy for a while and played a crap ton of multiplayer during the open beta. After all that I just played the full release I just said, ""Now what?"". The experience that I saw on this game is waaay too similar to the first game for me but with prettier graphics. Especially with the ultimate apocalypse mod. So, all-in-all, I really wanted to enjoy this game and it's really nice that Relic decided to learn from some of their mistakes and brought back some likable things, I don't really see myself playing this for days on days like the first game did."
,Not Recommended,285190,31408892,Posted: 27 April,all,Axios,"More heretical than horus, and not in a good way.1, Bad, World of Warcraft style graphics2. Meatgrinder gameplay. Attack move is pretty much the sum of your strategy. You can build some anti-tank guys and target the enemy vehicles without using attack move, if you're feeling fancy.Sorry, but dawn of war 2 is just objectively a prettier, better sounding, more tactically deep game."
76561197980879979,Recommended,285190,31400822,Posted: 27 April,all,DrunkPenguin,"Really good RTS, not so stressfull as Starcraft while still being very challenging and giving you lots of choices and strategies to work with. The 40k license is a big plus"
,Recommended,285190,31470053,Posted: 30 April,all,ＷＨＡＴ　ＤＯＴＨ　ＬＩＦＥ？,It's pretty cool. The campaign is solid and multi is fun with friends.
76561197971954049,Recommended,285190,31411944,Posted: 28 April,all,Alpha Go,"Good things about dow31. better performance compared with company of heroes 22. more bigger battle than dow2 - which means losing one squard of your army doens't mean defeat.3. great and fun different strategies of 3 factions - space marines / eledars / orks have their own way to winBad things about dow31. less interesting campaign compared with dow2 original and chaos rising2. distracting UI3. Doctrines and Elite units have to be unlocked - which blocks your strategic choices in the first experience with dow3Although it has some flaws, it has its special taste and fun. If you are focusing on single-player contents, don't buy it.But if you are a competitive player who seeks multiplayer-based rts game other than blizzard games, it is good."
,Recommended,285190,31412157,Posted: 28 April,all,Dietcool,"I understand that many are butthurt about this not being another step along the same path as DOWI and II. I've played both extensively to include all expansions, mods, etc. People are also butthurt over lore being not correctly implemented when it comes to unit size/capability.The game is good not great, but I still recommend it as a veteran of strategy going back to Orcs and Humans and Masters of Orion. This is WAY better than Masters of Orion 3 and the campaign is decent. The writing is not as subtle, but they're trying to expand their audience.For those who argue against the developer going a different from the previous two games, I understand. DoW 2 received a ton of hate for not including base building but then it became normalized. I wish the destructible terrain and dynamic cover made a return, but we can't always get the game we specifically want.For those who argue that the lore/unit size and capabilities differ in the game. Duh. There is zero way to effectively implement the lore and have a balance of any kind between any race. Get over it, Graham McNeill and Dan Abnett are writers, not strategy game developers. The races are balanced, though each faction does have a strong period (orks early, eldar mid, space marines late) when it comes to matches. I support this type of balance as it lead the factions to fell legitmately different. The playstyles of each faction are varied and to me this brings in more depth than having another faction with different looking units and slightly adjusted stats (see chaos marines vs space marines in both previous DoW games).This game is good, not great. It has room to grow but still I recommend it...unless you're the kind of person to hate things because you try to make yourself feel better by hating things then I'm going to deploy my hater blockahs and continue to enjoy it."
76561198002178339,Recommended,285190,31423136,Posted: 28 April,all,tookie,dont listen to the MOBA peaple its a solid instilation to the DoW series ill damit to only campian atm but still very enjoyablebase building is back and the hero units are fun to use
76561198005677190,Not Recommended,285190,31398373,Posted: 27 April,all,Necrosjef,No multiplayer ladder.Very little in the way of multiplayer functionality.Only 8 maps on release.I have asked for my purchase to be refunded.
,Recommended,285190,31443517,Posted: 29 April,all,LAT7A,"There needs to be a nutral rating option between just ""Recomend: Yes/No""A good enough game... yet disapointing it many of the ways mentioned by others. Seems to have aimed for a style between games 1 & 2. If you're a fan, you're obviously gonna play it, but dont feel like you're missing out if you decide to wait a bit before purchasing and maybe get a price drop."
76561198019333163,Recommended,285190,31444156,Posted: 29 April,all,SeriousLogan,"Most of the community is so blinded by nostalgia that it hates this game, i expect to see this kind of behavior when the new quake comes out tooAnyway, the old cover system is gone, which people are mad about, but i'm perfectly okay with it because it was so awkward and clunkyTHIS IS NOT A MOBA!!! People say this is a moba because all the abilities and powers of units and elite units are set to Q,W,E,R. i dont see why anyone can be reasonably mad about this change, it was frustrating to have a unit in dawn of war 2 have his waagh and his grenade bound to Q and W, and then click on a different unit and have their powers bound to J and F or some♥♥♥♥♥♥The graphics are a little cartoony, but that just comes down to personal taste really. i personally like iti bought and played both dawn of war 2 and 3 this year, and i found that every army in dawn of war 2 plays the same. having a small amount of races (kinda like they did with total war) allows for a very unique playstyle with a very high skillcap"
76561197992417260,Recommended,285190,31446719,Posted: 29 April,all,Seortan,This is a good game.I dont understand the hate really.As someone who played a lot of warhammer games this is definetly one of the best out there.It offers something new and not just a mix of previous 2 games.Its really a shame that warhammer communty is full of such pretencious gamers.And its a sad thing that thiw game is going to fail financially and thus the DOW franchise will die.This is not an ideal game surely.But its a good game that doesnt deserve all the hate.
,Recommended,285190,31430278,Posted: 28 April,all,Spiritguide101,I m a bid dow fan and I have to say I m loving this so far on the few chances I get to play after work and I cant wait to try the multiplayer... Is it just me hoping for a DOW 3 Last Stand?
76561198160802337,Recommended,285190,31439871,Posted: 29 April,all,Captain Cuttlefish,"In my opinion this COULD easily be one of the best DoW games thus far, however it does need alot more work, I know with the three races for the story line and all but it could do with more races, and a lot more gamemodes needs to be realeased as well because the multiplayer at the moment is a bit boring."
76561198020443023,Recommended,285190,31431960,Posted: 28 April,all,DoX,"This is a fun game and a welcome addition to the DOW series. It does play more like a traditional strategy game in some aspects but I beleive it struck a good cord between the two previous games. The orignal DOW, as fun as it was, had the issue where some races could simply fill their pop cap as quickly as possible with one or a few unit types and just A click the enemy base. Wheras every unit in DOWII had only a few valid counter units so the game played like a glorified point and click rock paper scissors game. DOW 3 attempts to bridge the gap somewhat. Unit choices are more varied than the second and you can field many more at any given time but each squad tends to matter more like in the second iteration where each unit has at least one useful active ability and one passive ability. As a result micromanagement & strategy are more important than numbers and A clicking since you can defeat an overwhelming force with good timing and precision use of abilities.Sadly the cover system is largely absent and there are only two or three defensive buildings in the game that I can find. The game looks beautifull and the few maps it does have on launch are at least varied. The original campaign structure is back but I find the first DOW capaign to be somewhat more engaging but atleast the voice acting is engaging.I do recommend this game but you do yourself a diservice to go in expecting 'another DOW' since this game series has a habit of changing dramatically between iterations."
76561198093959321,Recommended,285190,31439883,Posted: 29 April,all,cake stealer,FUNNY GAME
,Recommended,285190,31400705,Posted: 27 April,all,Serreph,"Alright, this game is not a reskin of league of legends with a Dawn of War skin over the top of it. There are mechanics differences from the last games and obviously it dosen't go over well with die hard DoW 1 and 2 fanatics. I spent over 40 hours in the beta alone and found that there is plenty of strategy invovled once you understand the pace of the game. I think the best things about this game includes it's simplicity and removal of the old clunky cover system with a new smooth one that will only evolve as the game continues to grow and explore new units and races.All in all, if you enjoy solid RTS strategy with a different twist set in one of the best universes ever concieved then I whole heartedly suggest you purchase this game. Don't let all the angry fanboys turn you away from a wonderful installment to the franchise."
76561198146279937,Not Recommended,285190,31408605,Posted: 27 April,all,erick.ibasurto,Three missions in and I'm already bored. Mainly because half the time I'm waiting for my resources to gather up to build anything.
,Recommended,285190,31414379,Posted: 28 April,all,Frank,"Speaking shorty: Dawn of War 3 is definitely worth the wait.Mutiplayer is great. Graphics and sound effects are absolutely beautiful. Singleplayer campaign is great. Both Warhammer 40k fans and players that are new to W40k universe will have tons of fun playing both single AND multiplayer.In it's current state (24 hours after the release) Dawn of War 3 definitely needs some polishing but overall it's an amazing experience for both new players and old die-hard fans of Warhammer 40k universe (like me). Yes, many things have changed, strategies are not the same anymore. It's also really fast paced now (and I mean REALLY FAST PACED).There's a lot of other awesome changes and additions that I won't list here because there are just so many of them. Unfortunately, these changes make all these forever-alone hardcore neckberds that you can see in online reviews (even tho they haven't even played more than 5-6 hours before writing it) rage so hard that they call DoW3 the worst game ever, ""an abomination"" and all other things. They say the game is bad, lacks depth, visuals suck etc etc etc.Let me tell you that it's absolutely positively not true.DoW3 is great. DoW3 still feels and plays like Warhammer 40k. DoW3 looks fantastic. Huge DoW scale is back, strategic gameplay is still there, multiplayer is great and I'm sure there's more content to come (blood for the blood god amirite?).Yes, it is different and yes, there are few MINOR FLAWS and yes, it went quite far (not too far tho) from DoW1 roots. But in exchange what it has to offer now is an incredible fun fast-paced experience with deep strategic gameplay filled with stunning visuals. It now requires fast DOTA/LoL-level reflexes (almost to the FPS level fast which is unsual for an RTS) WHICH makes it THE BEST online Warhammer 40k experience currently available. So go ahead, grab some friends and see you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,285190,31473530,Posted: 30 April,all,Zinkaghost,great game.not a MOBAhave fun...
76561198012127653,Recommended,285190,33363718,Posted: 7 July,all,F47E,I finally purchased this game as it was on sale. It is better than expected but it does lack in player base now. Rarely get matchups (3 in total so far) for 2v2 ranked and nothing for 3v3 so far. Around a 10 - 15 minute wait for a ranked 1v1. I would recommend for the gameplay itself but hopefuly something changes and people begin to play again. It is really worth while!
76561198056008844,Recommended,285190,33297253,Posted: 5 July,all,alexeldb,"Game is worth it. Runs fine on my pc.So far feels like previous installments of the series.Things happen so that you are not hotkeying like a MOBA but a modern RTS.Then again I haven't tried multiplayer out.Graphics alright, wish it gave options for close ups like previous installments,I always liked taking screenshots of good graphics.Gabriel Angelos's voice is different, though that is alright too."
76561197970010813,Recommended,285190,33107553,Posted: 1 July,all,[FoH]Wimpy,"This game recieved some negative reviews simply because it deviated a bit from the previous installments. I find it to be a fun, very fast paced RTS with a very high APM skill ceiling. The factions / heroes have wonderful personalith, and the game allows you to play in your own unique style."
76561197972210303,Recommended,285190,31567547,Posted: 5 May,all,mr_shmo,AWESOME!
,Recommended,285190,31533890,Posted: 3 May,all,Tictacs,"I do recommend this game.But its got some legitimate problems.Cons:- The Grindwall. This is by far my biggest problem and it is almost game ruining.- Slow campaign + slideshow presentation- Weird basebuilding?- Resource pacing. For considering how quickly and often your troops will get mince meated, do they really need to be as expensive as they are? That could be a lot better.- 1 MP game mode (at this moment in time of this review being written)- No Paul Dobson voice for Gabriel :(- No cool animation kills (though I do understand why they didn't put them in. Still sad to see em go)- Dumbing down of certain mechanics/cover.- Some MP maps feel really cramped.Other criticisms.The game feels like it was rushed out. There's some weirdness going on with its AI, not really knowing what I can click on, slow menus.Also judging from the sheer amount of grinding thats in this game and its in-game currency and how irritating it is- I can't help but wonder if someone in the higher ups of Sega was pushing this stupid design and wanted this game to be a degenerate microtransaction infested F2P.I'm actually relieved they didn't do this. That would have been a kiss of death for this game.Now for the Pros:+ Actually great faction design. Huge creative potential here for when the other races are inevitably added to the game. What they've done with the 3 factions, Space Marines, Orks and Eldar the way they've implemented and demonstrated their differences and made them viable is really good.+ The campaigns story actually gets pretty exciting. It's just wonky tutorial levels of slow going for the first 6-7 missions, after that it really picks up. I had no idea where it was going to go near the end of the game. Which is good!+ The Orks are hilarious.+ The actual gameplay wise it feels fun to play. Very slick.Closing thoughtsThe Moba complaint is there, I do see where others are going off against this game about it. But honestly in my time of playing and having been playing the older games for as long as I have? It's not the end of the world or bad, but it is very different. Whether its for the better or not we'll see in time.They've also left themselves a lot of room for the expansions. The room they've (Relic) have left themselves with for sheer creative balls to the wall crazy faction design is great.Till Relic adds more gamemodes (the map maker they've added along with workshop support is welcome) I'd say wait for there to be more content. This is a rough launch."
,Recommended,285190,31516675,Posted: 2 May,all,Bulletbait,"Definitely a different game than a traditional RTS, but I'm enjoying it for what it is, and I think some changes are needed if RTS is going to survive as a genre."
76561197997300718,Recommended,285190,31436633,Posted: 29 April,all,Middle Aged Mutant Ninja Jesus,"I don't really understand the salt, this game is amazing. The balance isn't bad and the shield generator/core mechanic is actually pretty great. 11/3 IGN"
76561198014071350,Recommended,285190,31463587,Posted: 30 April,all,Synchronix,"You can ignore all the butthurt fanboys. This is the biggest, best, and most fun of all the DoW games. I never understand how people always expect the exact same game as the previous one, whenever a sequel comes out.  It's like the devlepment company makes a few changes to the gameplay, and the community goes completely haywire.The graphics are awesome. The multiplayer is awesome. It's amazingly fun. The battles are larger. There's more micromanagement.  The pace is faster. The sound is mindblowing.I didn't mess with the campaign much, as competeitive multiplayer is my thing, but I'm having a complete blast with this title. It just keeps drawing me back. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,285190,32932076,Posted: 28 June,all,Nogarth,another good one
76561197968563993,Recommended,285190,31440791,Posted: 29 April,all,arcanusdevious,"I'm enjoying the experience. It's not perfect, but it's a solid base to build upon. With expansions and updates different game modes, armies, and elites will be added, but it depends on support. The Warhammer 40k universe has always been imaginative, intriguing, and brutal - looking forward to seeing how the game further develops."
76561198001221235,Recommended,285190,33296243,Posted: 5 July,all,GrimReaper,I think its pretty good.
76561198037154526,Recommended,285190,34621419,Posted: 30 August,all,(EC)Hort55,"A stand alone game its good, but it is a step in the wrong direction for the dawn of war series, added in a lot of cool things but removed much of the traditional stuff that made DoW and CoH unique, still cool just need to add in the new things without getting rid of the old stuff"
76561197961070988,Recommended,285190,33151182,Posted: 2 July,all,Sigurd Cesar,"There are not a lot of good RTS games nowadays. In fact there are very few real high budget RTS games at all. This makes Dawn of War 3 a shining light in a vast empty space and I'm not gonna lie, it makes me enjoy the game more than I would had it come out to stiff competition.The single player campaign is a decent introduction to the mechanics and units of the games three factions. It's not very imaginative and some missions can be a slog but it's a couple of hours of classic RTS fun. It sure is a long shot from the innovations and production values introduced by StarCraft 2 though. I somehow had hoped that any RTS campaign after StarCraft would be coloured by that insane level of quality but I guess not all studios have Blizzard money and time to spend.Then there is the multiplayer (and skirmishes against AI) which seems to be where the biggest focus lays. The main game mode is a controversial affair where the players have to fight through pre-positioned defenses to reach and destroy a main power core. I personally enjoy it as it prevents rushing and gives more structure to a match. But as the ONLY game mode (before the recently patched in Annihilation mode which I haven't tried) it's a head scratcher. If you buy a RTS chances are you don't want to be forced to play a new experimental game mode. I do think it is good for people new to the genre though as it is less stressful than more traditional ways of playing since you have a secure spot to fall back to in the early game.Relic seems to be willing to work quite a lot to improve and expand upon DoW 3 which leaves me hopeful for the future. It is going to be a big deal to see what they charge for the inevitable additional races DLC though. I can't wait to play Necrons in DoW 3!All in all DoW 3 is not amazing but is elevated through the scarcity of competition. It is a really good solid ""classic style"" RTS that tries to innovate but not revolutionize the genre. If you are starved for RTS games you should definitely get this. If you are unsure, probably wait for a sale."
76561198040324365,Recommended,285190,31396392,Posted: 27 April,all,Karrde,"It's not a traditional RTS with base building, but it still feels good."
76561198017015210,Recommended,285190,31457173,Posted: 30 April,all,sps_sy,"PRO:-Relic style RTS game, which you can hardly find similar one on the market. If you like COH series but never played 40K before, buy this.-AAA RTS game with rich story and cutscene(sort of...) which you can hardly find similar one on the market too.CON:-80%(maybe 90%) of the CG budget is put into the opening scene. The story board of the 2.5D in game cutscene is very low quality, far more worse than COH1.-Over 200ms command delay for either LOCAL or network game. I'm a game developer too so I know RTS game do this since the first Starcraft. In order to let playing exeperience transit from Single to Multilpe much smoother. But the 200ms local delay is too much Relic, or maybe is this a BUG?It's worth the price without any problem. And since this kind of game is dying on the market(see Halo War), so I must say I recommend this game.I think the key reason why people ""thumb down"" this game is because the over estimation caused by the ""over bugest"" comertial&opening CG."
76561197976325577,Recommended,285190,31406592,Posted: 27 April,all,Exodite,"First off, this is undeniably both a Dawn of War and Warhammer 40,000 game. Is it a perfect and immaculate video game that represents the pinnacle of RTS gaming? No, of course not. But don’t be fooled by the outcry of entitled snowflake moronic gamers who claim this game is a MOBA or StarCraft 2 clone. In reality, Dawn of War 3 manages to combine elements from both the previous games and, in my opinion, presents a thoroughly engaging and well-constructed RTS experience.While there are many factors that contribute to people’s frustrations with Dawn of War 3, many of which are reasonable and understandable, what is really disturbing is the outrage from people who go out of their way on forums and YouTube videos to denounce and attack this game. It is clear from the Steam reviews that people are buying the game, playing less than 2 hours, posting a negative review, and refunding it simply to hurt the game and ruin the review average.I strongly believe that the majority of the drama queens who have been posting their delusional opinions either did not grow up playing RTS games or are simply incapable of thinking for themselves as civilized human beings. These people manage to somehow remain self-assured in their beliefs by following what other incompetent reviewers and “youtubers” think and they are apparently committed to spreading disinformation and vitriol whenever and wherever possible.With this sort of cult of outrage it is no wonder the RTS genre has been on a decline in popularity. Why would publishers and developers bother making an RTS game when supposed “fans” fail to even recognize the genre?"
76561198029035848,Recommended,285190,31476527,Posted: 30 April,all,Cardinal,"Game does not deserve the massive hate it is reciving, the game runs better than 90% of the games recently released, it is fun, it looks great, the dynamic music is fantastic, the ai is genuinely competent without use of cheats.♥♥♥♥ all the babies complaining about it, space marines arent invincible and they live to die, to be such a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the name of the emperor is deserving of an extreme lashing."
,Not Recommended,285190,31657001,Posted: 9 May,all,PandaCommander24a,"Bottom Line: DoW3 is a  game that tries to strive for a middle ground of it two polarize sister games but ultimately doesn't take any risks, going back to basics in a way that is ultimately uninteresting. The game isn't bad but isn't anything to get excited about at the same time.Dawn of War 3 greatest crime might be that it is different. And that's kind of the greatest sin it has. In ways its a step backwards from its predecessors in other ways it is a move forward from those predecessors. The idea for the designs is pretty clear, the idea to create a rapid fire back and forth for MP gaming.  Is it worth getting? Eh... Maybe in a month or two?The Good;+ It is kind of a more faithful recreation of Tabletop in some ways.+ Elites feel like the BAMF they are suppose to be in that all important canon.+ Simple to learn, hard to master style of playing leads to some intense moments.+ Armies are actually different enough from each other that they don't feel like re-skins of each other.+ Army Painter is the best we have ever gotten, and while missing a lot things that would be nice, like changing Insignias and color. Still allows you to create fun little armies.+ Do you like Warhammer 40000 novels? Because the plot is actually pretty cool one in comparison to others.+ Power Core is an interesting Idea.The Bad:- Such Content. Much lacking. Wow.- One game mode.- Games will blur together.- Campaign is built to teach you how to MP, complete with rewards for playing it.- Only Three races.- No Camera rotation or tiltThe Weird:= Its likely other armies will get added to the game as DLC.= Unknown if the game will actually be worth the money of investment, depending on how the heat dies down and if the game picks up enough to warrant future development.= Modding is ""available"" and while COH2 managed to get a community that managed to make something that kind of fixed that mess, unknown if the community will bloom for this game.The hot button issues:THE CARTOON LOOK!The art direction for Units is directly taken from the Tabletop Minis. YMMV but considering I was a fan of the war game this works for me. It can look a little cartoon, but then again depending on your feelings of Grim Dark it works or doesn't. DoW looks like it came out of that animation studio that did Spawn, DOW2 ditto, so not sure what the problem is. Some of the art is weird but again looks like it took cue from actual early art of the Franchise.NO COVER, NO SUPPRESSION and NO MORAL!I think the intent for this can be seen. It leads the game to playing more tactically fluid and moving units around in careful plans or being really good with your hot keys. It's not necessarily a bad thing it does mean you can't lock down a position with a unit and rain death down on them or hold an area quite in the same way. No Turtling, making playing the Imperial Fists pointless. There are ways to lock down areas of the map with units through heavy cover points. There is a stealth field that in theory could take advantage for sudden strike. However, it really doesn't help much. The game does feel like its missing something when can't dig in to a point with a few units while you build up for the next big push.Unpopular opinion time? The moral system of CoH and DoW1 was more clunky and a waste of time for everyone than an actually tactic changing mechanics, at least in my games. Some mods for the earlier games have a feature to force a retreat from the units who break but even then... The lack of Suppression does hurt the game and does limit some units ability to be truly effective, it can lead to interesting moments but ultimately vast massive mobile armies crashing into each other for fun and profit is the name of the game.Which is ultimately kind of old school but not in a way that is actually enjoyable after games like Company of Heroes and the First Dawn of War.ITS MOBA LIKE!Yea, this it is, its not a MOBA but it is defiantly MOBA LIKE The one game mode is attack the special object which has two check points all the maps are build like lane gates to these objectives. There is no real ability to build up a defense that can defend these point because the game is built on being mobile and attacking your targets. Is this a game killer? Yes and No, firstly that Mobile armies build around Rock-paper-scissors means you can quickly build an army to counter an invading force and then smash them up with your ""Heroes"" for the most part it creates a back and forth that either results in some stale games or quick games depending on your match up.NO SYNC KILLS!They removed them in DoW2 - Retribution, so whining about it now seems a little too little too late. I can see why this kills the momentum and can turn some units into just meat shields to by time for something else to just kill them outright. Honestly this does make the game feel less organic and kills some of the excitement.THE LORE, THE CANON!Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up.CS Goto is Canon. Matt Ward is Canon, Rogue Trader First edition is Canon. The Space Marine Movie is Canon. The Fantasy Flight RPG are canon. The Angry Marines are Canon. It is all canon, and nothing is canon. Welcome to the Girm, Dark future of the 41st Millennium, where canon doesn't matter and the Lore is made up anyway. I honestly hate this argument more than anything else because its like what canon are you talking about as the great set in stone CANON changes every edition.Final Thoughts:The game is not what I wanted from DoW and after giving it a shot, I went back played the first two and came to realize while DOW3 is a decent game, its not a game I really would recommend to my friends and gaming group. It isn't the crazy massive war of insanity that DoW1 brought to the table. It does not have that cool style and ease of play that I love about DoW2. It's not the tactical land mine that were the CoH. It's kind of its own thing. Which isn't bad just didn't really wow me, I have several games like that in my game list from the RTS genre that I haven't touch in years. And while It was fun to return to those roots in DoW3, all it did was remind me that ""You can't go home again."" Which is more than about a place its about the knowledge of different things, sometimes better. sometimes worst but ultimately it just isn't the same after you had that different things. Especially after you realize you like the different thing better."
,Recommended,285190,34443263,Posted: 23 August,all,santoshugomiguel,"I enjoyed this game even though it isn't the sucessor most people wanted for Dawn of War, still here are some ideas to improve it.Sugestions:-Last Stand mode;-three new campaigns, that if are in story mode instead of multi-melta (you know like Dark Crusade and Soulstorm),they should make a conquest mode;-for each of said campaigns add three new races for us to play with, making a total of nine factions (the tenth one make it as included in the possible conquest mode;-as for said conquest mode, make the map a sector or sub-sector, so you can justify the different races figthing there;-make a reference to current state of the W40k universe, i don't know as the story of one of said campaings;I think that's all about i have to say in regard to Dawn of War 3.P.S: Guys give it a chance, this game it's still a baby, it still was a lot of potential.Disclaimer: i'm not associated with any of company involved in the making of this game."
,Recommended,285190,31459250,Posted: 30 April,all,Raid Boss,"I've played all of the Dawn of War games since 2005 as well as the expansions, including competitive LAN play for DOW1 and I simply do not understand the hate for this game. First of all the fate of the DOW games was uncertain when publisher THQ went bankrupt, so it's really exciting to have another DOW game happen after so long.DOW1 was about macro map control whereas DOW2 was about micro hero control. DOW3 manages to bring elements from both prior iterations. It manages to get some things right and misses out on some things. A large part of the hate for the game comes from a fanatically loyal fanbase of the DOW games and Games Workshop franchise who expected 'a version' of the game but found something else eg. units not being true to the lore or not enough units/races etc etc.As a stand alone RTS it is a superb game, albeit a bit thin on content on the multiplayer side, which is the main concern. DOW2 came with a 'horde' mode which was insanely popular and it is missing. DoW1 was about anhilating your opponents base and structures which drove some games down to the wire including insanely close base races which are also missing with the kind of victory conditions stipulated for the DOW3 multiplayer. I can see why developers Relic introduced the power gen - turret - core dynamic (mostly to allow comebacks for teams that fell behind on map control but could do so by micro hero management) but I would really like to see the other 2 modes introduced via updates/expansions.The campaign is standard DOW - mysterious artifact/planet/object appears - everyone comes to grab/destroy/investigate - somebody gets outsmarted - big fight against overwhelming odds ensues - one race wins. The first DOW game had 4 races and the expansions added more with the last expansion 'Soulstorm' bringing the number of playabe races/factions to 16. DOW2 on the other hand had 5. DOW3 introduces us to only 3 with one of the favourite factions 'Chaos' missing which again is one of the reasons for all the rage. I sincerely hope Relic do add more playabe races/factions in the near future. I know of fanatical Imperial Guard, Chaos, Tau followers.To sum things up the game is a bit of a disappointment for long time fans but only because they were expecting a lot more or something different. As a stand alone RTS I would highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198238552558,Recommended,285190,31583388,Posted: 6 May,all,SkyG0d,"i think its a damn good game done well for an RTS probably alot of fun online have only ran through the 3 touts though, so not much of a review yet, just wanted to say i think this game needs a polishing patch already, the game tears alot and the units/buildings/etc all have visable screen tearing on maxium graphics settings with a really sweet setup.maybe they will add a HD polish patch in the future for PC's that can handle this? would be nice.NOTE: i just realized i do not have the latest drivers, this might be my issue, going to find out."
76561197988606854,Recommended,285190,31873412,Posted: 20 May,all,And Death Shall Have No Dominion,"I like it, fun and intense, a lot to learn."
76561198035613660,Recommended,285190,31429120,Posted: 28 April,all,Highwind,Refreshing take on RTS plus all the alure of the 40k universe. DoW + Moba = FUN.
76561198007905021,Recommended,285190,31435272,Posted: 29 April,all,MaG3Stican,"Its a good RTS game, it plays like starcraft.If enough people give it a chance it could be a great game."
76561198039013768,Recommended,285190,31447671,Posted: 29 April,all,DarK_CyborG,A new style of RTS and i dig it.
76561197990990889,Recommended,285190,31644844,Posted: 9 May,all,Jerres,"I'm a big fan of the warhammer franchise. I played DOW1 for thousands of hours and loved the game despite its flaws. DOW2 was a bit of a let down for me I didn't like its mechanics and design choices. I'm really happy how DOW3 turned out, of course it still has some flaws, like to little amount of races, the weird choice of having to unlock elite units and doctrinces, to few multiplayer maps.But the overall game experience is very good and it's a fun and balanced competetive rts."
,Recommended,285190,31427266,Posted: 28 April,all,bladej,"Awsome RTS game, reminds me of DoW II hope that the multiplayer never dies, so we can keep playing it longer.Join us!"
76561197970386653,Recommended,285190,31500748,Posted: 1 May,all,the tryhard rabbit,"DOW 3 is a good strategy game, with good graphics and voice acting to pull you into the grimdark world of 40k.The gameplay itself is easy to play, but alot more complex that it might seem.Heroes and doctrines can really change the way you play, so lots of room to experiment and have fun with builds.Havent tried the campaign yet, but having  a blast so far in the multiplayer."
76561198037601593,Not Recommended,285190,31593550,Posted: 6 May,all,Blacknd82,"If you loved DoW II, then you'll WONT love this game.   If you like playing space marines, you wont like this, because you barely get to play them.  If you like last stand, you'll hate this, because it doesnt have it.  Aimed multiplayer is a DoTa style lane comabt thats not fun.  So Disappointed."
76561198016888315,Recommended,285190,31692672,Posted: 11 May,all,Khan,"Honestly, the campaign wasn't all that, it feels very unfinished, but I can only really feel like the campaign is one long tutorial mission for good reason. It feels like a set up for future DLC and expansion, and while the gameplay of the campaign isn't all that favourable to me (I prefer the old campaigns, customizing your loadout and having heroes), it still wasn't that bad to play through, I really only wish there was some news on DLC, I would enjoy a campaign with more races, and one that didn't force me to play 1 of the other 3 races ever second mission.As for the multiplayer, I can't lie, it was actually very pleasently surprising. The game functions much smoother and the mechanics are put into proper use. I actually found I've spent more time in multiplayer and against the AI than I have in singleplayer.All in all, DOW III seems a little unfinished when it comes to the content. For the price I got this for, I can really only hope that this is just the dirt they're going to use to grow this into something incredible. 3 races isn't really all that much, and I'm really itching to see Chaos titans marching across the battlefield or Tau battlesuits raining death or even finally unleashing the horde of Necrons to move across the field like the black plague. Giant Tyranids is fine by me too...DOW III is like the Metal Gear: Ground Zeros to Metal Gear: The Phantom Pain. I really hope to see floods of content sometime soon. I still recommend this game, you might just have to wait a bit to really get your full satisfaction. Who knows, you might even get a lot of surprises."
76561198006043099,Recommended,285190,31692587,Posted: 11 May,all,Malanthor,"I was initially dissapointed with this game. Where is the grimdark? What is this cartoonish graphic all abouth? Why could they not simply make a coh2 dawn of war instead of some starcraft wannabe?Well it was unfair of me to judge the game based on what i wanted it to be.It is actually a quite nice strategy game, and it is still warhammer, although a bit more humoristic and less dark.I would recomend this game to everyone who like a nice strategy game and those who like the warhammer universe.Too many people give it a bad review based on what they hoped it would be. That is just.. lame. It's like going to dinner somewhere and hoping for steak, but instead of steak you get chicken. The chicken is real nice but since it was not what you hoped for you say ""THis ♥♥♥♥in chicken tastes♥♥♥♥♥♥!!, nobody ever eat this damm chicken!!""Yup, real mature."
76561198135157934,Recommended,285190,32852663,Posted: 27 June,all,Eto Yoshimura,"An Awesome RTS with some really cool ideas however, when compared to its title and the reputation of the ""Dawn of War"" series, its falls short and a few ways which i really sad. i would suggest this to anyone looking for a good RTS but is not too worried about the Dawn of War legacy."
76561197970673566,Recommended,285190,31859630,Posted: 20 May,all,Cikay,I don´t realy understand all the negative reviews. I played since DoW1 and I like DoW3 as well.
,Not Recommended,285190,32603138,Posted: 20 June,all,Ser Danos Onionworth,"I played the first Dawn of War (and still do) and every expansion all the way up to the second game and then all its expansions. For those like me who loved the first game and enjopyed the second game for what it was, I can't recommend this game. Let me first say that Dawn of War III is not bad. The campaign has entertaining moments that fit into the Warhammer universe, the interface is fine, and performance isn't an issue (mostly). The problem is that this is a decent RTS, but not a good Dawn of War. Veteran players of the Dawn of War franchise will likely be confused as to some decisions made in this installment (i.e. base building is back but very limited) while new players will likely wonder why more accessible elements like hero units feel so limited (i.e. not shredding through normal units like they do in a League of Legends game). What we ended up with is a bizarre compromise between taking the best of the first two Dawn of Wars and taking the more appealing elements from popular franchises like MOBA games to appeal to more people. If you're new to RTS games, play the older games. If you're still on the fence about this game and have been here since Winter Assault then stick to the classics, they knew what they wanted to be."
,Not Recommended,285190,32625175,Posted: 21 June,all,Brightlight,Loved every bit of this game so far but the lacking playerbase at my area makes it abit annoyinghave not been able to play for past few weeks I would say yes if you can find players
,Recommended,285190,31889880,Posted: 21 May,all,Etheras,"Overall Rating BGameplay: C+Graphics: A-Story: B+Sound: CWarHammer 40K: Dawn of War 3 is a mashup of the two previous Dawn of Wars, with a new story and a new engine, but  the same amazing GrimDark universe of WarHammer, and the same hero characters that we've come to know.Despite many flaws and missed-opportunities, this game is still very good. I found it hard not to judge Dawn of War 3 through the lens of Dawn of War 1 because they are in the same series, and I would argue that DoW1 is a much better game. In fact: I was contemplating giving this game a ""thumbs down"", but I upon reflection, realized I was not being objective.Compared to DoW1, DoW3 comes up short. But if we are considering DoW3 in isolation, it is still a good game on its own merits, it just simply can't rival the awesomeness of the original.The GoodDawn of War is back!Feels pretty GrimDark. They did a good job of capturing the feel of the WarHammer Universe.The story is really great.Bringing the planet of Acheron into the game was a brilliant move, because its both very interesting and that ""planets lost in the warp"" are mentioned in the WarHammer lore, and its really interesting to visit oneThe return of the characters that we know and loveGreat voice actingA return of Orcs to being like... 80's metalheads - which is what they were originally supposed to be in the WarHammer tabletop. This is an interesting twist from their recent depiction in the WH games universe.Base building is back! Probably the single thing that I am most happy-with is that base building has returned, giving DoW3 more of a strategic (rather than purely tactical) playstyle. However, I don't think it was handled as it should have been. More on that in the ""The Bad"" section.Knights are badass. Tons of fun, especially in multiplayer. Arguably OP tho. Towards the endgame, it becomes a battle of Solarias and whoever's Knight wins basically wins the match.I usually do not play a lot of Multiplayer games, but I played a few rounds on DoW3 and really enjoyed it. It feels, in a lot of ways, more stable and fixed (and less twitchy) than the single-player.The BadNot strategic enough. So DoW1 was a traditional base-builder RTS, and it did that very well. DoW2 was like a tactical squad-based game (almost a MOBA). DoW3 tries to do both. Its strategic in-that it has bases, but its tactical in that the emphasis on hero units is extremely strong. I think this was a mistake. OP hero units diminishes strategy in favor of twitch-gaming.Removal of cinematic kills. DoW1 had elaborate kills for certain units that really conveyed the carnal visciousness of the WH universe. I would have liked to see them bring these back, since they added a lot to making the combat feel ""real"", and made the game more immersive (as well as being more in-line with the lore).An addendum to the previous two points: It feels strongly, by removal of cinematic kills and the favoratism of twitch-style gameplay over grand strategy, that this DoW3 is catering towards the eSports market, rather than making a good game for common players. I think that's a mistake.Defenses? There are very few fixed defenses, and it seems like defenses are weaker than offense. I can see why they would want to do this, to keep the gameplay fast, but its very annoying. Once more: this favors twitch-style gameplay over strategy, which is not a winning move for a game intended to be a Strategy game.Some graphics feel half-baked. Like some of the particle effects don't seem to come out of anywhere, or the transitions between effects aren't polished.Some of the missions are extremely annoying. Like Eldar having to warp their bases around constantly, or the final battle.I do feel like I'm beating a dead horse at this point, but being able to rapidly move your units out of the way of charge attacks, and rapidly use unit abilities - this is not strategy. This is action. When I buy a strategy game, I want strategy. Stop trying to make DoW into a MOBA please. If you want a WH MOBA, then make a WH MOBA. Stop trying to turn one of the best traditional strategy game franchises of all time into a MOBA please!"
76561198006988159,Recommended,285190,31638373,Posted: 8 May,all,insanehammer,its a good fun game.
76561197996295745,Not Recommended,285190,31593552,Posted: 6 May,all,Shenpai 쉔파이,"Edit again:Does not even work on my computer since the latest update and I was looking forward to reevaluating the game with the new Annihilation mode and turrent defences. Good job Relic you actually messed up.Ok I changed my review because I gave it blind hatred based on my love my Dawn of war 1, considering I was expecting something that had the same feel, I was instead disappointed. But that does not make it a bad game. It keeps me interested enough that I wanted to complete the whole campaign but not interesting enough for me to jump into multiplayer. But seriously I just wanted Dawn of war 1 again :(Pros:Good campaign, semi engaging gameplay, accommodates base builders and army customisers. Voices ain't too bad, I laughed once.ConsIt does not really scratch that itch reminscence of base building for dawn of war 1 or Army customisation of Dawn of War 2.  Needs more game play options, just don't feel like playing a moba against Ai but rather I want a death match.My final conclusion, I would hold back on buying this game immediately if you had high hopes or loved the previous dawn of war games. Wait for dlc content or workshop content to give the game value!"
76561198017849229,Recommended,285190,31452236,Posted: 29 April,all,rawr4moar,"Multiplayer feels like the ""heroes of the storm"" compared to its previous sequels, dumbed down and simplified for  a wider audience.Forces you to play in a certain way with the introduction of the shield generator, turret aand the base hq (no zerg rush)They've gotten rid of firing arcs for heavy bolter type units, just leaving the setup time.Instead of being able to  take cover whenever theres outcrops of rubble/wall etc, now its a round bubble that you take over similar to resource nodes.Overall fun game but sad to see some of the more iconic dow features removed/dumbed down"
,Recommended,285190,31543288,Posted: 4 May,all,getdemrimz,"I love this game. I will enjoy it more once there are more races, but for now I will take it as it is."
76561198093761218,Recommended,285190,31536048,Posted: 3 May,all,radisbr,"Definitely has a lot of things that need fixing, mainly balancing different units out and getting new factions and game modes done up.But it's fun, and the foundation's good."
,Not Recommended,285190,31516027,Posted: 2 May,all,Frosty,"Multiplayer crashes almost every single match. Sometimes it crashes only 10 minutes in. Most times it lets me waste a half hour before crashing. I absolutely love Dawn of War, but this game is unplayable. This is unacceptable for a full release $60 game.Edit: It's crashed five games in a row now. Always at about 25-30 minutes in. I don't mind though because I love wasting my time on broken games."
,Not Recommended,285190,31456925,Posted: 29 April,all,The whole Cholula,Boring and not what I know it could be.
76561198078816917,Not Recommended,285190,31676580,Posted: 10 May,all,Tobes420,"in one word, meh."
,Not Recommended,285190,31676650,Posted: 10 May,all,BrokenBootStrap,Control scheme is garbage. nuff said
76561197990136227,Not Recommended,285190,31473284,Posted: 30 April,all,Coverfire,"As a huge fan of the Previous Dawn of War games, more Dawn of War 1 than 2, I will say that this game does not fulfill it's potential at all.Cons:- Lack of important units. Land Raider, Terminators, Warp Spiders, Ork Looted Tanks, etc... Relic stripped out all of these units just so that they can sell them back as ""Elites"". Oh, speaking of Elites...                                                                              - The Elites are Relics attempt at morphing this game into a Dota/Warcraft 3 gamestyle. Even then, the Elites in this game can be extremely powerful. Have a massive army? Not for long - The Knight will wipe you out in seconds. While I love big and powerful units, I play the Ultimate Apocalypose mod for DoW1, they are not good in this game and feel awkward. I would rather Relic have taken out elites all together and just make them standard units of the army that you can level up too and build. I hate that Terminators are not a standard unit of an army, the same for Warp Spiders. You can only have 1 ""squad"" of each. This aspect of the game worries me emensly for future Races. I think to myself, "" I wonder what they are going to strip away from the races just so that they can sell them as Elites?""- The Combat is MESSY and very hard to follow. Even though DoW1 was just as chaotic in battles as this game, it was easier to follow battles then rather than now. The Spell effects and abilities are way to flashy. For some reason Relic thinks every swing of a sword deserves some sort physical input or effect. Which makes combat messy and hard to follow.- While Relic brought back the ability to build, it is shallow. There is no strategy associated with building order, it doesn't affect your game at all. There are no defensive structures for any of the races which makes locking down and defending critical points impossible. What if they add in the Imperial Guard? If they let them build defensive structures all of the other races will be ruined when it comes to defense.- Modular units, like for the Space Marines, are gone. You can add flamers or plasma and that is it. Rocket Launchers are gone completely. Heavy Bolters and lascannons are separate units now.Pros:- Graphics are very pretty.- Races do feel unique and distinct from one another.- Map making tools came out with the release of the game.- Campaign was not half bad, but it was very generic...no big surprises..."
76561198191963538,Recommended,285190,31520657,Posted: 3 May,all,WAAAGH!,good
,Recommended,285190,31435040,Posted: 29 April,all,TheHardcoreGame,"I played the Beta for a bit and I enjoyed it, then I bought it and played throught the campaign and I loved it. All the races feel uniqe and the way the orks are done is amazing (with the Waghhh). It felt like a mix of DOW and DOW2 which I loved."
76561198023732533,Recommended,285190,31652499,Posted: 9 May,all,Nu_Ohm,"The game is fun to play, dismiss the naysayers who just wanted updated graphics on either DOWI or DOWII! I played both, they weren't this good at launch. It will get a lot better when new races are added and a few tweaks to balance. 8/10"
76561198362218616,Recommended,285190,33455547,Posted: 11 July,all,Tempest,"I'm late to the DW series. I finished DW2 a few months ago since the hype of DW3 was strong. I'm about 11 hrs into the campaign and I have to say I'm having a blast. Super great game, I normally would not have touched Eldar or Orks at all but being forced to use them in campaign mode has made me fall in love with them.♥♥♥♥♥♥I may even buy a couple of Eldar models :p"
,Not Recommended,285190,34345180,Posted: 19 August,all,Necromunger,"I don't even know what to say.Why is thing modeled and animated in a cartoon way.Why do devistator squads jiggle when they shoot.Why Does Gabriel walk arouund like he is wearing painted styrofoam basically skipping around.Why is there no cover system.Why did we add so many units to each squad and move the camera back.I can't handle this unit aesthetic.Whoever develops the next time needs some god damn direction, it's disgusting. Basebuilding and whatever is fine, along side a warhamer aesthetic with shining metal, blood and a closer camera. Everything is plastic. My little pony warhammer edition. Everyone should just boot DOW 1 back up again."
76561197993889267,Not Recommended,285190,34355405,Posted: 19 August,all,Eiendots,"Playing all the other Dawn of War games I feel comfortable saying this isn't a DOW game. Compared to its predecessors it lacks unit types, complexity in gameplay, story, and that Warhammer 40K feeling that you're purging the enemies of the God Emperor. It feels as if you're being held back from start to end and you never reach that epic level of previous DOW games. I think it's a very plain but easy to pick up RTS, the presentation is very slick, the character models are well made... but that's very much expected and doesn't put it above any other RTS out there. It does feel moba-ish but I'm not sure that itself is bad, the bad thing about it is that I think effort to reach to a wider audienc made it appeal to no one, a common mistake usually guided by greed and not love for the source material.This was my very first Steam Refund and it broke my heart to have to do it to a franchise I love(it was one of the few good WH40k games, period). I won't ever play this game again but I will keep an eye out for a DOW4, hoping they have fixed their mistakes and really thought about what a DOW game should be for the fans."
,Not Recommended,285190,34549005,Posted: 28 August,all,The Illegible Poet,"Didn't like it as much as the 2nd one so far.  Hopefully they make this have a little more to it.  I'm still playing it, and I do enjoy the core gameplay, but I wish it had some of the stuff that the second one had.  I made a short review video of the game here:https://youtu.be/qfZp3qE5ChM"
76561198134684086,Recommended,285190,31637635,Posted: 8 May,all,Exodusian,"I am a long standing fanatic of the Warhammer 40K RTS since D0W, DOW WinterAssault, DOW Dark Crusade, DOW Soulstorm, DOW 2, D0W 2 Chaos Uprising, DOW 2 Retribution, and NOW DOW 3. I have played all the previously named game expansions with heavily invested hours through disc (sorry I never had used steam until recently). A great amount of my friends I inspired too play the game who now spent abundant time like myself and now also play the newest installment of DOW.Dawn of War 3, is NEW. I have seen all the games from the 40K franchise evolve over one another and improved throughout the years. The game DOW3 is entirely innovated to function in a faster pace of play, I WILL NOT STAND for the lie that the game is an entire copy of a MOBA since it surley lacks a majority of what a MOBA traditionally has (go ahead and research it yourself). DOW3s artstyle did also change to a more less grim-dark approach compared to the older franchise games, I would enquire why the developers decided to do so but there is no possibility to change its current state now. Finally for the gameplay, the game plays fine, other than the fast pace and overwhelming method of the the gameplay the game is entirely fun to play.I personally would give this game a 7/10 for the outstanding variety of infantry the game has, including vehicles, and the great hero system that makes every game feel epic. Now the Artstyle is beautiful but not grim enough, lastly, the game pace is far too fast for my taste and I know a plenty more people would agree, giving less time for structure building if you want to turtle since everyone rushes in mult. I do hope this reveiw may help!"
76561198105070120,Recommended,285190,32599871,Posted: 20 June,all,Toxxic,"I have always been a fan of the DoW franchise, and this game does not disapoint, dont get me wrong i wasnt much for the MOBA style of game play when it first got released.With that being said, this new update they have just put in place this game has just improved massivley, It brings back the destroy everything mode like DoW 1.If I had to give this game a negative, it would be that needing to sacrife one of your doctrines to use turrents is a bit silly, Turrents should be a standard building.10/10 for this game and its new update.Looking forward to new maps and fractions they put in place in the near future."
,Recommended,285190,31519809,Posted: 3 May,all,Warmaster Death,stuff it. i like it.
,Recommended,285190,31691588,Posted: 11 May,all,insanebe,as different to dw2 as dw2 was to dw1.it isn't a moba and is actually a very good game and unfortunately gets alot of hostility.does not deserve the hostility it has gotten from fans of the first 2 games
76561198002525755,Recommended,285190,31675611,Posted: 10 May,all,Crusades,"Wanted to get a review up in case it helps anyone that's on the fence.  As background, I've played a few hundred hours of both DoW1, all the expansions, and DoW2 and all the expansions.  This series is definitely my favorite RTS series out there.  Also have played a bit of 40k tabletop, and read a decent amount of 40k (I definitely dig the 40k universe if you can't tell).The Great- Gameplay is solid, fun, and tactical- Elites.  They add alot to the fun and replayability of the game.  Each race has 9 elites right now, so there are a good amount to choose from and they can really change up the game with their abilities.- Atmosphere.  Feels like 40k to me.  Great sound effects.  Music is really good.  Visually I think it looks great.  Just the right amount of gore too :)- Strong multiplayer.  Multiplayer is really good.- Army painter & customization.  The customization of your army this time around is really good.  Paint your army, choose your elite units, and your army doctrines that will have a noticeable effect on the match.The Okay- Singleplayer campaign.  IMO the story campaign is very much in line with the other DoW games.  Not better, not worse.  So if you played those, you'll know what you're getting into.  It wasn't bad, decent story.  Some fun missions, some not as fun.  I played through the whole thing and will probably cherry pick playing some of them over again.The NotSoGreat- Sync Kills - I am one that does miss the sync kills.  I'm not a huge competitive player, mostly play against friends and bot matches, so I really enjoyed the sync kills, especially in DoW1.  That said, after playing DoW3 myself I understand why they went the way they did.  This game with it's faster pace, huge army sizes, and elite heroes and abilities would not work with slow sync kills.  So they took out and instead added in bodies ragdolling and gibbing, and more gore (which looks pretty good.)  Also I really like the persitent bodies and map damage that sticks around.  Very cool.- Only 3 races - I wish they would have added another race for launch, but oh well.  The ones we got are unique to each other and well fleshed out.  We'll see more down the road.Each DoW game has been very different.  I like that Relic tries to inovate and do new things.  I understand that some people don't like this.  To me, DoW3 feels like a great 40k RTS and one that I see myself playing and having fun with for quite a while.  Overall, I really like the game and am looking forward to the inevitable (i hope) next race and maps that are released.  Relic have always supported their games really well after launch so I'm excited to see what comes next.  If you like 40K and RTS gameplay, jump in and join us on this journey."
,Recommended,285190,31872246,Posted: 20 May,all,✪Dishy[UDIE],cool game
,Recommended,285190,31689764,Posted: 11 May,all,lincu,"so much hate on this game, the story is average, and actually is longer than other rts games on average, id say about equal to the starcraft length, and i love that game.  not rehashing the obvious positives of the game, but the main downfalls are less building types required, and less units in general.  but this is not the main flaw in the game as the multiplayer simply has so few maps to play with only 1 play mode currently.  Almost everyone reviewing this game is hating on it for what its not trying to be, and ignores the fact that the previous games did not come with the features they liked as well, if you like the old ones youll like this one if you actually played the old ones and didnt magically have every expansion and act like its the base game.  if you play games like starcraft dont expect combat to be the same as its not individual units you control but squads so naturally it wont feel the same."
76561198031279754,Recommended,285190,31690941,Posted: 11 May,all,Deaderman,Game gets too much hate. They tried something new with the old RTS forumla and I really do believe it paid off.
76561197976554639,Recommended,285190,31402826,Posted: 27 April,all,Bag33,"I'm not sure what everyone's problem is, the game runs great, i havent had any problems.  It looks fantastic.  It's a solid game.  Its exactly what i thought it was going to be.  If you liked the other Dawn of War series, you should like this one.  There needs to be a little more balancing, but its a good game, and no bugs on launch day....."
,Recommended,285190,31434061,Posted: 29 April,all,Peace,This game is very much the same style that I grew up with in DOW 1 all the DLC and all of DOW 2. Relic has always changed up some of the gameplay. I think it is unique and a good thing. If we play the same game every time then we are just playing call of duty... Relic has always been one of the WH40k champions... even when a lot of companies didn't make good games (fire warrior). They are not about the cash grab or crap games. I support them and am glad they survived THQ.
76561197975040375,Recommended,285190,31686618,Posted: 11 May,all,Demon Odie,"What game doesn’t have its quirks, bugs, and requires patches to improve game play on release really?Almost every game for over the last decade (That’s 10 years, for those whom don’t know what the word decade means but, understand YOLO) has been plagued with issues like this. And no matter how many times you a hope company will finish before release, you will be let down and given over priced DLC's to fill in for the loss of your hopes and dreams.With this game, I present you with a Frankenstein creation that attempted to tailor to everyone’s freakish needs. For what it’s worth I think they did alright for this game. They took a piece here (DoW 1) and (DoW2) there, sprinkled some 8-year-old cartoonish WoW/Dota lovin and blam... you have a game for almost all ages.Down side for us and, $$$ for them; is that we the consumers are limited to a game with 3 races knowing full well they have imperial guard and chaos readily available as per the campaign but, the need for money is greater than the voices of those whom want their souls back after this (The worst trade deal in history).I could go into great useless details about the PRO's and CON's that you won’t care to read, but I don’t care to. Just know that the game is worthwhile but, limited to 3 races because they want to make money"
76561198028120111,Not Recommended,285190,31413944,Posted: 28 April,all,Chepe Santacruz,Thought it would be more like DOW 1 but this game feels like a moba.The graphics sucks and the things which made DOW a special RTS to me are removed. I hope the next game will be more like DOW 2 !
76561198092421237,Recommended,285190,31477969,Posted: 30 April,all,🅱️eter 🅱️arker,Gay Game - Buy it and decide 4 urselves u cucks (I personally like it)
,Recommended,285190,31546677,Posted: 4 May,all,balana smit swoonday,haters gonna hate
76561198072929437,Recommended,285190,31541547,Posted: 4 May,all,mettpawwz,"Loved this game, I'd been put off massively from the franchise with the weird non-base-building zero-macro direction that DoW2 had taken with the franchise, and though it didn't quite go back to the full base building days of DoW1, it was in my opinion a huge step in the right direction.The campaign is really good and is similar to DoW1: Winter Assault in that it cycles between the different factions. This is great, as I'm getting really tired of constantly having nothing but Space Marines forced down my throat and I love the Eldar's aesthetic so much. High quality voice acting and gameplay.Very polished, my fps never really dropped significantly and I experienced no crashes or bugs. The multiplayer side of it still needs some more work (additional game modes most of all), but it's already a fantastic game even in its current state and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.Thank the emperor that they managed to salvage the RTS aspect of the DoW franchise. I can't wait for expansions and DLC."
76561198006892711,Recommended,285190,31961815,Posted: 25 May,all,Gamma Delta,"I have mostly played skrimish mode but I can tell there is a difference from this to DoW2. Mostly, larger overall unit size, base building (which I missed in DoW2 since I've highly enjoyed DoW1 with all the expansions) and mutiple hero units. Like to be able to have more hero units compared to one in DoW2 but on par with DoW1.My issues with the game is so few mutli maps which feels like a let down. Like to play with more players per team to make it fun but there are only a few. Also, release a regular deathmatch mode or defend the base mode. This MOBA mode is not bad but gets boring after a while. Another issue is not having a retreat command for your troops which makes no sense. If the game punishes you for losing units why make it a hassel to get the out of combat per squad? I mean that mechanic has been Relics' RTSs since Company of Heroes. I liked that and thought it as more fair compared to DoW1 respawn in the field. I just noticed there is a ability to recall all troops but still why all and not one at a time?I haven't played the campaign yet but seems like a cross of DoW1 and DoW2. Don't mind that but could we have a mode like DoW1 Soul Storm or The Dark Crusade? That was enjoyable and felt your decisions had a bigger inpact.Lastly, why only three factions? Feels bare with just three and forgetting the forces of Choas? I sense that factions will be added as DLC/expansions. Also, release all of the factions and not a few. I was pretty let down with DoW2 that they didn't release the Tau. They are my favorite faction from DoW1. I have a feeling that the following factions will be bundled and/or come out in this order:Choas Space Marines and the Imperial Guard (if not bundled 1 and 2), Tau and Necrons (3 and 4), Dark Eldar, Sisters of Battle and Tyranids (5, 6 and 7).Overall, if you are DoW fan this game is good but I wouldn't blame you for waiting when more factions are out. Otherwise it is fun to watch my enemies fall to storm bolter and thunder hammer."
76561198010069397,Recommended,285190,31400038,Posted: 27 April,all,Nostreum,İf you like the Warhammer universe you should buy that game but it's not like DoW 1 or DoW 2
76561198079957196,Not Recommended,285190,34359475,Posted: 19 August,all,Max,First thing to bug me was lack of detail for the smallest units as was in every relic game till now and is espessially imoprtant for WH40k fans. Lazy Fighting mechanics and single player campaign I don't much care for MP in games like this. The only thing I really liked is the music
76561198045464314,Recommended,285190,32063782,Posted: 30 May,all,WOLFMAN,"I have been with DoW sense the very beginning. And I love the new mechanics in the game. I wish that all my favorite companies would take the risks of making something new. I'm tired of the same games reskinned over and over and over again. Me, my dad, and bro all play online and have a blast every single game, even when we lose. Because of the phases of escalation, you never get !@#$ on as soon as the game starts. I'm looking at you zergling.* Now, it can be difficult at times, but then victory is all the more sweet!"
,Recommended,285190,34225495,Posted: 13 August,all,hamatank,"A new Warhammer 40K Game! Everyone's saying it's bad but... if they make Tau as a DLC, People gonna happy about it.At least to me...."
76561198006982840,Recommended,285190,31415290,Posted: 28 April,all,TBO_Underdog,"I have been thinking about what people have said about this game being ""MoBA"" and I just disagree. Is it a hard core base building RTS where you need 8 buildings to unlock a single trooper, No. Is it a rpg similar to DOW 2, no. What DOW 3 is trying to do is take the good aspects of Dawn of War which is base building, economy and massive scale battles; and incoroportate aspects of DOW 2. Such as Hero's and Leveling.People grab this MOBA attitude from the fact that their exists a purchasing system and a group of heroes for each faction; however, that is where the MOBA Similarities die. The Multiplayer is actually fairly rich classic style RTS with a Bit of DOW2 style additions, that's it. There is no moba (that's right) no MoBa involved in this.The single player campaign is just a drawn out multiplayer tutorial. I actually find this part of the game a little flat. I don't really care for the heroes or their story so far, the gameplay is a waterdowned version of multiplayer; however that currency I talked about to purchase heroes, you unlock that just playing the single player game for free."
76561198006023543,Recommended,285190,31419827,Posted: 28 April,all,Kerrak,"The game strikes a decent balance between the gameplay of DoW I and II.  While the multiplayer mode is controversial, we would see similar complaints about the game had it not changed the goal of multiplayer.  There isn't anything inherently wrong with following where the game market has gone, and I currently like the goal system, along with the escalation system.  Still, more game modes would be interesting, like the old Economic Victory condition.Currently, the Elites system is skewed towards needing to use one as soon as they come available, so the risk of waiting for a later Elite currently doesn't work out well as a strat, unless one gets lucky.  Probably the best complaint right now is that there is no way to bind keys to whatever the player wants.  This is a PC game, so it should have that feature.They took risks, and I think it worked out."
,Recommended,285190,31511742,Posted: 2 May,all,greasy jimmy,"After having a good bit of experience with both the campaing and all the factions in MP, I can confidently give this game a recommended review. All the top reviews are from people with 1-10 hours and they're heretics.My only quarrel with the game currently would have to be the lack of content, there being only 3 classes and 8(?) total maps, however Necrons are already announced, which is exxciting. There are more units than DoW 2 thank ♥♥♥♥, there is also more of a faster and if I do say so, more interesting, mode than DoW 1 but yet the game still takes the best of features from both games and has them here.All these reviewers need to realise this game is neither DoW 1 nor 2 and it never will be, Relic are trying something new here and it's working, all the elites are fun and different and each class has such a different and dynamic playstyle, coming from DoW 1 this is a needed change, in which CSM and SM would play literally the same, alongside the IG, this did not make for fun game play.The game still has a nostalgia feeling and it is still very much a DoW game, people need to stop looking at what it isn't and begint o look at what the game is, as there is certainly a lot to look at within that category."
,Recommended,285190,31405000,Posted: 27 April,all,Drizzen,"It is fun, people are taking to heart that its a ""moba"", but its not... no in-game item leveling, no leveling no creeps no last hitting creeps it has a couple towers and a shield generator to prevent rushing, which dow2 also had turrets that desrtoyed anything that went into your base early game. Its just diffrent, not dow 1 or dow 2."
,Recommended,285190,31402592,Posted: 27 April,all,Steelblade,"This isn't a MOBA, don't listen to any of these downys with 2 brain cells. Combat is crazy fun and progression is really nice."
76561198184914225,Recommended,285190,31702581,Posted: 12 May,all,crazypeppapig,so much fun really love it but you forgot about last stand :P so yeah feel free to throw that out multiplayer is fun though i guess
76561198021731767,Recommended,285190,31474860,Posted: 30 April,all,Excludie,"To tired to write a proper review for now, its a good game."
,Recommended,285190,31427235,Posted: 28 April,all,dostedt,"After having played a bunch of the beta and a few online matches on launch, I can say that most of the people comparing this to a DOTA-like are grossly misrepresenting the game. There are no ""lanes"" as these people claim. Creeps don't spawn nore are you forced to travel in designated routes. Besides, if your only argument is that the maps have routes then Starcraft has lanes, Warcraft 3 has lanes, and the previous DoWs have lanes -- this is such a ridiculous assertion.The only DOTA-like aspect of this game is the presence of Cores that are protected by Turrets. Basically, what it somes down to is that you can't get base rushed in the early game due to Turrets and and turtle tactics are less viable late game because Cores are super vulnerable.And with that out of the way, I'll talk about how I actually feel about the game.This game has elements of both its predecessors in that they brought back base building from the first game and the focus on micro from the second game. The gameplay is definitely micro-intensive. Almost every unit or squad has at least one active ability and proper use of them can shift a losing battle your way. Like, no joke, these are game-changing abilities. It can be easy to get overwhelmed with the amount of micro needed especially in big battles.This leads to a gripe I have with the game's unit management -- it's terrible. The UI needs work. It's difficult to tell which units you have selected and unless you have individual control groups for all your units, trying to select them on-screen in the middle of a big battle is a nightmare. There also needs to be a better way to visually organize units that are selected or grouped together in the army list because currently it's just a giant mess.I also have an issue with kill times and the resource generation you gain late-game. Units die way too quickly, so what is a micro-oriented game in the early phase rapidly devolves into a spamfest later on because the tradeoff between having to keep your squads alive versus building a new army is heavily skewed towards the latter. It's just incredibly hard to micro well when squads get wiped out in split seconds and since you'll end up floating on so much resources during Escalation 4 their worth becomes negligible. As an Ork player, I find Escalation 1-3 to be the most fun phases of the game.Though even with its flaws, I still find the game enjoyable. It's fast-paced and demands enough skill to be adrenaline pumping. The scale feels large but not cumbersome like in Supreme Commander. The game is hard, but not a complete exertion on all levels like in Starcraft. I love watching the battles even if they are brief; the destruction is fun to witness and the titan-class elites are badass. It honestly feels like a modern day Warcraft 3, which is great."
,Recommended,285190,31427170,Posted: 28 April,all,TS Son,"Just shy of 20 hours into the game now and I have to say I'm largely in favor of the direction they've taken the game.The game blends 1's building and squad customization focus and 2's hero focus to make a new style of RTS that is half way between WC3 and DotA 1.At a glance, this game is going to look like a MOBA hiding as an RTS, however the similarities stop at the visual level. Some examples:While there are heroes, they don't level inside the game, aren't gearable, and are earned with a resource like the other units, not given automatically at the beginning. While the game is set up with lanes, shield generators, and a nexus/core/whatever, the game is played like an RTS point control map. While the map may fit a MOBA, it doesn't really feel like you'r eon a MOBA map because the gameplay is more focused on what the terrain's doing and how you can use that to your advantage. Plus, no one's just goign to send their units down lane and hope for the best, lol.I like to start with the smaller list first, so:Reasons NOT to buy:-This game breaks away a bit from the traditional RTS. The gameplay is similar, but objective, race difference, elite differences, and doctrine difference redistribute factors of importance within the game from the norm.-SEGA means high chance of lots of DLC, we've already seen Preorder exclusive skins and so forth. The amount of DLC 2 had has me scared.-This game requires significant investment and research. Casual players be ware.Reasons TO buy:- New twist on the traditional formula gets the game kicking relatively quickly. Most fights start happening by 5 minutes.- Highly customizable army.  Going to sub category some bullet poitns with this- Three elites (heroes) that bring a unique feat which will alter some are all your units, each gets to choose between 2.- Many units can be upgraded or changed within the game. (Orks get scrap, space marines get different guns, etc)- Each race plays differently with multiple unique mechanics for each race.- Doctrines help to further alter your army to your play style- Army painter-progression is non linear, in that unlocks are less upgrades and more alternative behaviors.- Campaign is fantastic with a great Warhammer 40k story.-non-traditional style, but doesn't chagne the gameplay too drastically.-Possible room for an E-Sport.All in all, if you're down to keep an open mind, I think this game does a great job. It needs a little balance, but that's pretty standard. I love it when a game switches up the genre by making it's own stuff up or by borrowing from another, similar, genre. Add in jsut how different each race plays, and there's a ton of replayability here. The major hurdle, here, is going to be getting over the fact it isn't mostly like either of it's predecessors, and is rather it's own game made from the things the previous games did right."
76561198007135577,Not Recommended,285190,31448295,Posted: 29 April,all,neokoros4u,"This game sucks, i waited all these years to be dissapointed, its like the lost finale."
76561198035492085,Recommended,285190,31571259,Posted: 5 May,all,Rappyo,While not perfect and lacking content (that I am sure will come in future DLC for the money grab $$$$). It still has a few pros that make it enjoyable. I'd recommend waiting for a price drop before purchasing.
76561197991439191,Recommended,285190,31500057,Posted: 1 May,all,SavageOrk,Jumped right in playing some 2v2 with freinds and 3v3 comp stomps. Just some good old fun DoW.  Scaled up battles with super units wiping them all out really brings out the 40k world.
76561198043068773,Recommended,285190,31467615,Posted: 30 April,all,Awesomesauce,Highly RecommendIt has been abit clunky here and there(Especially on the home screen) but the diversity of playstyles and the game experience has been amazing.
76561198006569366,Recommended,285190,31498620,Posted: 1 May,all,Barbarryian,"I honestly have trouble understanding the hate for this game.The most common cry is ""it's a MOBA"".  It's not.  What little MOBA mechnics that are present only really serve to prevent being zerg rushed or crushed early on in the game, which I think is a positive change.The next most common is ""not enough factions"".  DOW1 had 4 at launch.  This has 3.  DOW1 did eventually have like a dozen, but not after 3-4 expansions.Overall, this plays a lot like DOW1.  You build your base, fight over requisiton points, upgrade your army.  The MOBA-ness actually forces your to overcome your enemy's army, not just zerg rush or beat them early on and push through to their base.  Again, I think it's a good thing.  By the time a match reaches its peak, the turrets are barely more than a speed bump.Lot of micromanagement and unit and elite abilites to master.The elites system is new, and overall quite good.  Has a lot of customability and depth.  Though, many units feel like they should have been normal units, and not take up precious elite slots (stormboyz, terminators, meganobz).The single player campaign makes you play as all 3 races.  I would have been happier with 3 campaigns, but that's rare in RTSs any more, and DOW just had one as space marines.There is only one MP mode and not many maps at launch, but eh.  It's fine.  Can always add more.  And it works well as is.All in all, the 3v3 multiplayer is a chaotic blast.  The campaign is servicable, and as long and about as involved as DOW1s.  The gameplay is very similar to DOW1.I like it a lot better than DoW2, for whatever that's worth.  If you liked DoW1, you'll probably like this.I'd give it at least a 7 to 8 / 10.  It's not awe-inspiring, but it's a solid RTS DoW experience.  I have no complaints."
,Recommended,285190,31498498,Posted: 1 May,all,Stump,Good game.
76561198084065357,Recommended,285190,31498991,Posted: 1 May,all,IRUN MAIDEN,One game mode and three maps in multiplayer. They took the singleplayer in a disapointing direction.However the maps and factions are somewhat balanced. They didn't put out alot of content for the price but at least they made that content work before they put it out. I would say if you have the extra money go for it but starcraft 2 is probably better I should have gone with that instead.Its enjoyable I have massive number of games and not enough time to play them but I'm still trying to get good at this game. I do like the base building and unit types and the one game mode is enjoyable a good mix of offence and defence. My last comment is that It's a hard game to get into if your like me and never really played these types of RTS games online.
,Recommended,285190,31477730,Posted: 30 April,all,pontifex`,"Don't listen to the whining.This game is a good spiritual sequel to both DoW and DoW II. Don't expect a clone of either.If you have any desire to play multiplayer against something other than a AI opponent, take the time to learn the game. If you're just spamming units and not making any tactical decisions with them, you're going to get rolled. Especially in a mirror matchup.The single-player campaign is challenging, even on the Normal setting. Multiplayer is well balanced, so long as you know how to use the faction.There are a lot of people whining and crying about how it's not ""DoW enough"" or not ""DoW II"" enough. They are crying and calling it a MOBA. It's not. You're elites are more useful and ability driven, yes, but theyre not the sole picture. You can easily mow down an opponent's elites if you're cognisant of their weaknesses.Watch someone streaming a few times, and pay attention to their build order and early game.Overall you won't be sorry if you're a 40k or DoW fan. If you're hoping its one of the previous titles, you may as well save your money. If you want a legitimately well rounded and balanced game with the IP of the original games, you'll love DoW III.My negatives would be that if you get into a game with someone who doesnt know what theyre doing, you're going to burn through them so fast you don't use some of the more powerful elites. The game needs matchmaking, co-op, more factions and more game modes, but that's all going to come in good time. Relic delivered a well balanced, well rounded game with a little more nuance and complexity than the old DoW titles.I'd highly reccomend this game."
76561198037336238,Recommended,285190,31477776,Posted: 30 April,all,sageofshadowdale,WAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!
76561198026562928,Recommended,285190,31402697,Posted: 27 April,all,DEMONIC,Awesome RTS!
76561198048490467,Recommended,285190,31417162,Posted: 28 April,all,FishTacoFarmer,Newest patch looks promising. The devs are listening and working to make the reality of DOW3 match the fan dreams.  I'm really glad that's hapening and I can now recommend the game without the reservations I had before.
76561197972540660,Recommended,285190,31401502,Posted: 27 April,all,Sefrum,"TL;DR version - Don't necesarily believe the haters, it's actually alright.Full version -There seems to be a lot of hate for this game from reviews so far but, if I remember correctly, these were the same sort of complaints about the change of direction from DoW1 to DoW2. Now DoW3 is being compared to BOTH of them - Coincidence? I feel that this is epidemic of how games are now marketed. I followed the trailers and the pre-release information and speculation, but I don't remember there being anything much more than trailers ""which may not necesarily represent in-game experience"" and we all know how that can end up don't we? (I'm looking at you Aliens: Colonial Marines).The other comparison that is being made is to MOBA games. Now, I've never played a MOBA game and, to be honest, I don't think I'll ever have any intention of playing a MOBA game. Whether that makes me a heathen or more akin to general gamers, I don't know.Before I get hated on for never having played a MOBA or using the term ""general gamer,"" I would like to make it clear that I am a gamer, have been for 25 years, and love a wide variety of games and genres. I know I will never be a ""world-class player"" and am more than comfortable with that (probably the reason why MOBAs have never appealed to me).Should Relic have been more open, rather than relying on nostalgia and artificially inflated hype through limiting pre-release information, I think the initial reception would have been a lot more positive.Having got that off my chest, I'll now weigh in with my perspective of DoW3. (And like the rest of the reviewers on here, my review is based off the first mission, but I have played a skirmish game and this by itself has surely got to give me more credence than others).Simply put, I've enjoyed myself so far. This game is a lot more DoW1 than DoW2, and that sits just fine with me because as much I enjoyed the customisable aspect of 2, I've always prefered building a base and consider myself a turtler then attack.Hopefully I've helped you balance the negative reviews, so I'm now going to go back to playing and start the second mission.Good Luck, Have Fun."
,Recommended,285190,31402243,Posted: 27 April,all,Silencer,"The game is great, do not listen to the haters."
76561197985768759,Recommended,285190,31402482,Posted: 27 April,all,Kalcitus,"Be informed regarding negative reviews of this game:Many of the negative reviews are concerned about how, in their opinion, this game resembles a MOBA too much. This is silly, and here is why. MOBAs were born from a hero focused RTS called Warcraft 3. It is inevitable that, now that MOBAs have become so popular, people should see similarities to an RTS like this.For example, RTS style games have always had lanes. Part of the strategy is where you position your units (bottlenecks and high ground, etc). It's always been that way (just look up some old StarCraft maps). DoW and hero based RTS games have also historically had specific unit and hero abilities. Nothing new there but again, that's what MOBAs were born from.That said, I think the largest similarity that people are referring to is how you win/lose. Instead of destroying every single building, there are three main buildings that are pre-built and positioned which need to be destroyed. They are sheild generator, turret, and power core. The important thing to note is that it's the same buildings for all players on a team. So everyone loses at once. That's not really a mechanic specific to MOBAs either but I do think it lends to a better game design here.The effect is a much more streamlined game. Gone are the days when one player dies, and they just sit around waiting for the match to end and the enemy team wastes time mopping up a match they've pretty much already won. The match is over.You still get to build and place your barracks and all that stuff, and obviously they matter strategically, but when it comes to what the game considers a win or loss, they aren't counted.With regard to the game itself:I played the beta and had a lot of fun with it. I've only got a little into the campaign but am enjoying it so far.About Lore Complaints:I also find it odd that people should complain about this particular game not following Warhammer lore. The Blood Ravens themselves, which the series campaign has revolved around since DoW 1, are a chapter completely made up by Relic and were never part of the lore prior to that."
,Recommended,285190,31405776,Posted: 27 April,all,DƎMON,"I been playin all day and i can safely say this game is legitimately good, i had my fears with all the other people hollerin about how its a moba and all that bull. It is indeed different from other dawn of war games but it borrows some things from each game. Honestly if your up for buying Dawn of war 3 go ahead and buy it, you might like it or you might not. I enjoy it :)"
76561198023827451,Recommended,285190,31406919,Posted: 27 April,all,Jehoshapat,A mix of DoW 1 and DoW. Hope they add tyrannies.
76561198042540994,Recommended,285190,31406923,Posted: 27 April,all,MCTWITTY,"Despite the bandwagoning of people saying this is a moba this game is an immense leap in what I feel is the right direction. the action and pace fit very nicely together and I have a lot of fun in the games ive had so far, if youre a fan of Dawn of war this will be new to you but I assure you that this will be a fun game to explore."
76561198026539857,Recommended,285190,31502195,Posted: 2 May,all,Silt,As someone who didn't play the first two games I'm enjoying myself so far. Definitely has alot of potential once they iron out a couple of balance issues. Looking forward to seeing how it progresses & I think I'll be playing this for awhile.
76561198111612492,Recommended,285190,31405291,Posted: 27 April,all,bobito1464,"This game was great during the open beta and it is even greater now, the game run smooth and has the original DoW feel that was lost in DoW 2. Such as the base building to the larger armies that can be built."
76561198005633669,Not Recommended,285190,31406589,Posted: 27 April,all,Sludig,"Incredibly buggy unpolished campaign. The multiplayer has some issues which can be sorted with time and balancing but at it's core, they are trying to do several things at once, vaugely moba, trying to allowing high skill super micro + abilities ala starcraft mixed with lots of insta gibbing of squads. Advertising base building is a joke. Just pretty garbage for how long it's been in production."
76561198024662515,Not Recommended,285190,31448252,Posted: 29 April,all,WolfHound,"This game is not a MOBA for just one reason: the player controls the creeps....Aside from that, too much micro management, not enough macromanagment. There's no real strategy or tactics. Just spamming units out of your base hoping your opponent will either make a mistake or just the wrong move and loose.This isn't Dawn of War. More like Tug of War...."
76561198002762111,Not Recommended,285190,31448332,Posted: 29 April,all,beartech28,"Huge Warhammer 40k Fan. I own more warhammer games on or off steam than I should. I field more armies than I probably should (Go Team BlackTemplars).First I want to say that I refunded this game and my $59.00 is pending.My Rig ( i7, 10GB Ram, 2 SSD both OS and Data, and a nVidia GTX970)I didnt refund because of the direction of the game but the quality of the product.-- Wild frame rates-- Crashes-- Studdering and Clunkyness-- The game looked ... offI did usualy troubleshooting but when all my other games like Black Desert Online (Rather graphic intensive) run fine, that leads me to come to the consolusion that DoW3 was not optimized well or rushed out the door.I would not recommend this - or at least wait a while before purchase."
,Recommended,285190,31501262,Posted: 1 May,all,www.javhihi.com,Add Chaos pls
,Recommended,285190,31517485,Posted: 2 May,all,Elviis,"They put a bunch of emphasis on MOBA elements in the game.  Its different and not really Dawn of war as we know it.  Great game though, they should have called it dawn of war: heroes or something though to distinguish it from the other games.  People would be more accepting of its differences this way.Its not perfect and has its issues but overall its a fun game.. they did Orks Especially well this time around."
76561198028262076,Recommended,285190,31423478,Posted: 28 April,all,HakanS,"Normally, I do not write comments about the game but as far as I'm concerned, this game do not deserve so many negative comments, therefore, I decided to write a comment to this one.This game is amazing!!!! This is the RTS that I have been waiting for years. Just don't care old dow1 players they only want to see a remake. I also would prefer a good remake with a few additions but does that means that game is awful and non-playable, boring e.t.c? No!!!There are lots of elite units in the game. Every race has a huge difference. Even in the mirror games( like eldar vs eldar ), since both players select different doctrines and different elites, both players prefer a different strategy or gameplay. Therefore, if you don't like mirror games in the strategy games like me, it is not a big problem here.The biggest need of the game for now is adding more races. Popular races especially like Tau, Necron and Chaos Space Marines would really enhance the gameplay.Finally, just please dont care those comments which do not support the game. Just buy the game, play only 2 hours and decide yourself objectively. If you don't like it after you played you have a chance to refund it."
,Recommended,285190,31405734,Posted: 27 April,all,SlurpyDurpy,"I love it, it's an amazing game.  Not a hipstep so not gona try and compare it to ""The good old days of dow"" becuase this is a different game and it works well. It's difficult to understand and get into but once you do, it's a blast."
,Recommended,285190,31441126,Posted: 29 April,all,1nc0mp3t3nt_1,"Where to start on this one.Still haven't completed the campaign yet due to a shortage of time. I am packing stuff to go overseas for 2 weeks so I haven't had a lot of time.There is a lot of uproar that this game is not like DOWII. That's a good thing in my opinion. DOWII nearly killed the experience from the perspective of a grizzled old gamer who grew up playing DUNE II and C&C95. But this game is flawed, some questionable choices were made, like the voice acting and art direction.Each campaign mission feels designed to last 45 minutes to  an hour, which is reasonable and on normal difficulty is achievable if you build the right balance of units for the situation. I haven't tried hard yet, because I wanted to just see the campaign through first.I haven't confirmed it, but skirmish mode is flawed. The AI can be either really helpful or may as well not be in the game, which unfortunately bleeds through to multi-player flaws when a player rage quits because not everything is going according to plan. It also feels like when you kill an AI epic unit, it does not get a response penalty at all. Still haven't played enough to confirm it.Now the multi-player CAN be fun, it can be glorious, because of the way the devs have designed and introduced the escalation phases. These phases will incrementally increase the income each requisition point earns as time goes on. It goes from phase 1 to 4. This allows fights in the first 15 minutes to be small and all about securing and building up your requisition generators, but later in game, the income rates will be high enough that you will hit the 250 population cap, and have your build queues destroyed, if the game goes on that long. Often I find battles last about 30-45 minutes.You have doctrines that you can unlock by either leveling elites or by paying with skulls, which is nice, and leveling happens in PVE online, singleplayer campaign, and multi-player, but not in singleplayer skirmish. I would have liked to see less doctrines that become 100% essential for you to even be competitive(looking at Eldar web way gate doctrine that allows warping at tier 1,instead of 2),but maybe future patches will give the less useful doctrines more usefulness in battle.The unit painter is nice, but needs improvement, once again. There are a lot of colors locked off that I haven't found out how to unlock yet, which stifles my ability to creatively create my own chapter. That, and I would like to see the ability to add our own icons instead of using other chapter's.The real things that let me down in the game are:Elites can way too easily dominate multiple squads without much effort and a little bit of micro. I would be happier if we didn't have them.The map design is a bunch of corridors, with victory being only happening through complete annihilation of the enemy, or much easier- destroy 3 team specific buildings in a set order. This is a bad way to introduce a new mechanic, as when I am on the losing team, it's due to players neglecting to defend these points.The corridor gameplay makes it feel like a hybrid MOBA, which is a turn off for me.That being said, of this game didn't have that bit of MOBA in it, it would be a dumbed down cookie cutter early 2000's RTS, which would not hold an audience for long in this day and age.Would I recommend this game? Not for lovers of DOWII, but for a general audience and people looking for an RTS to sink their teeth into that isn't rubbish, then yes I would. This is flawed, but it's still enjoyable, and if they add more maps and open those maps up somewhat/allow the community to create and upload maps, this game would have the means to allow for longevity in the community."
76561198025256637,Recommended,285190,31446498,Posted: 29 April,all,Vailence,"Very good game! It has an interesting mix of Moba and RTS. The game also has a good mix of focus on the micro and macro aspects of the game, the only issue is that the game can be too snowball like and whichever army has an advantage early on will likely win the game. The campaign of the game did not impress me, but I have never played RTS's for the campaign.I saw many complaints of the fanbase long before the game came out and I doubt anything the game did would have changed their minds, therefore we have many dumb, biased, negative reviews. Hopefully, they will add imperial guard or some other interesting faction later on down the line."
76561198045803099,Recommended,285190,31402299,Posted: 27 April,all,Heretic Tom,Grim dark greatness. Come and die for the emperor!
76561198023109060,Not Recommended,285190,31507077,Posted: 2 May,all,rockonjohnny,I love DOW 1 and all the addons dow 2 was fun online . Been waiting for DOW 3 and could not wait to play now i wise i had saved my money the story was ok but the ending was a disappointment and only 1 game mode online so get boreing and you can not customise your heros like the other DOW hope more maps and army are added soon and more game modes
76561198010769750,Not Recommended,285190,32292932,Posted: 9 June,all,[ToC] Lobotronus,This is not RTS !!!!!!! It's fuc........ MOBA game or very similar to Moba ! I'm very dissapointed !
,Not Recommended,285190,31400700,Posted: 27 April,all,ipapotihus,Nothing like the 2. A great singleplayer game turn into a multi one. Not for me. Will finish the campaign if I cannot get a refund. Otherwise will not play the game again. I don't want to play multi
,Not Recommended,285190,31410280,Posted: 28 April,all,Rikuno,"I am a plank,I love dawn of war,I love one and two,Three is not my type."
,Recommended,285190,33331725,Posted: 6 July,all,Dullahan,"As a long time RTS fan and DoW2 player, I enjoy DoW3 immensely.The campaign is a decent length and a great intro to many of the game mechanics.  I think the factions are some of the best designed Relic has ever produced, with very different playstyles, a large array of units that all fulfill their own role and the elites are all very fun to use and there's a lot of strategic potential.I can't wait to see how Relic slots in future factions into the game, and hopefully they can address some of the complaints of missing features like observer mode, a follow-up to DoW2's last stand mode and perhaps even a Ardennes Assault style campaign for a potential expansion."
,Recommended,285190,35367740,Posted: 1 October,all,Fezza,"Not sure what all the negative reviews are for if im honest as a ORIGINAL SERIES fan.Seems like the people moaning and giving negative reviews are new fans that jumped on board circa DOW2 and all the Balls about dumbing down for esports what a load of tosh. This was and is a throw back to the original gamers and fans of the series with a few mods.Ive played:Warhammer 40,000: Fire Warrior	2003Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of WarWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Winter AssaultWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Dark CrusadeWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – SoulstormWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War IIWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – Chaos RisingWarhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – RetributionWarhammer 40,000: Kill TeamWarhammer 40,000: Space Marinesunk countless hours into the original series most not on steam as i had the original discs.they all have there merits in different forms but for me going back to the base building and mass armies and annihilating your enemies is how DOW should be played,( have you ever seen a 7ft heavily armoured metal giant trying to sneak about? hell id hear him from 3 blocks away.yeah you got individual unit customisation in the Dow2 onwards it was ok but the game was slow boring at points and tedious that new series took the fun of all out war - how orks are played too unless being crafty.basically if your ""new"" so to speak go get the original games set up a lan with a mate or three and just have fun with the wiping each other out thats how it should be done have a laugh and enjoy.overall this game for me  is missing a few bits like ground cover etc but sod it i got the mental size armies the base building and Waaaar no sneaky over tactical balls.people are overthinking it -its just a throwback to the original series and die hard original fans maybe if you ask nicely in the next sequel they might have main characters that you can customise or choose specific loadouts for your squads but still have mass units you never know.keep supporting the creators they could say sod you were stopping and not making it anymore then we all lose out.rant over. go get the games. play them. try em all. enjoy them  have FUN"
76561198011610440,Recommended,285190,33443859,Posted: 10 July,all,Johlin94,"I am writing this review in an attempt to give a fair, and honest description of this game. I will say this, and I am not alone in believing it, that most of the negative reviews this game has received ARE NOT DESERVED.First and for most I want to stress that the hate this game has received is VERY MUCH undeserved, and is only perpetuated by people who continue to spread misconceptions and blatent false information about this game. DOW 3 is in fact NOT a MOBA and only slightly barrows conecepts from the genere. The gameplay is fun, pretty well balanced, and allows for all sorts of interesting strategies and epic battles. The constant negative remark I have seen about this game is that it is not Dawn of War. But let me ask you this, can you tell me what is in fact Dawn of War? Last time I looked both previous games are completely different from eachother, which means that this argument is based on whether or not someone liked the first Dawn of War or the Second Dawn of War more, and is compeletely irrelevent when looking at this game. Please give this game a chance as it desereves better reviews than people are giving it, I can guarantee that. The only real criticism I have about the game is a current lack of content, with regards to factions, and maps. That isn't to say there is not a lot in the game, there just isn't a lot compared to the price point the game is being sold for. That is one argument I will agree with about what this game is missing. But the fact of the matter is that most of the hate this game has revceived thus far is completely irrational, and illogical. Most arguments as to it being a bad game, or it being a MOBA, or too much like Starcraft are flat out NOT TRUE. The single player campaign as it functions I can take it or leave it, however the writing and the voice acting (as well as overall soundesign and art style are superb). If you wait for the game to be on sale that is fine, as I said the lack of content does make the price point argueable, but the game as it stands as an RTS is a great game, and we really shouldn't be surprised as it comes from one of the best RTS studios in the industry. If you are a fan of RTS games or Warhammer 40k GIVE THIS GAME A TRY! :)Graphics 9/10 - Great animations, well optimized, and captures the grit of war pretty well.Audio 10/10 - Good voice acting, great soundtrack, and sound effects really capture the 40k atmostphere.Gameplay 8.8/10 Great pacing, well balanced units and abilities, really engaging combat that sucks you into the setting. (Only reason I gave it the score of 8.8 is because a sandbox campaign like Dark Crusade or Soulstortm would be more fun)Future potential with content updates 10/10"
76561197967430311,Recommended,285190,31421694,Posted: 28 April,all,Tigrex,"It's not a bad game, it's just not DoW 1 or 2."
,Recommended,285190,34508190,Posted: 26 August,all,Imperial Wizard,"This game is excellent and (for the most part) undeserving of the cancerous fanboy backlash it received. As someone who played both Dow 1 and 2 (including all add-ons and some mods) for thousands of hours, I can assure you: this game is a lot of fun and worthy of the DoW-name.The drastically changed gameplay mechanics are not always for the better (e.g. cover system, Hero levels, space marine movement speed, etc.), but the game works flawlessly on it's own terms. Some of the major improvements (like vehicles moving through your infantry without blocking each other all the time, a vastly increased army cap, etc.) are a godsend to the series.The solo-campaign offers a decent variety in terms of mission design and is reminiscent of both Winter Assault and Chaos Rising when it comes to style and plot points. The story is dumb and uninspired (on the same level as Retribution's Eldar-campaign), but it's presentation is outstanding.I haven't played enough multiplayer yet for a final verdict, but it seems to be more beginner friendly than it was the case with the game's predecessor. It also has a more casual feel to it, less engaging than Retribution's intense battles, but still miles ahead of series like Starcraft or Command and Conquer.The voice acting is as good as usual and the soundtrack is easily the best within the series (dark futuristic soundscapes instead of the usual bombastic choirs). However, the sounds of Bolters, Meltas and Autocannons were more brutal back in Dawn of War 2."
,Recommended,285190,34454301,Posted: 24 August,all,Ad Avis,"Fun game. Linear storyline where every mission you change playable race from either Eldar, Human or Orks depending on the story. Plays out like DOW1 with epic units (elites) up to 3x per map that play out like the units from DOW2.Lots of micro if you want to but you can play like a traditional RTS on normal difficulty without too much micro. Nice, small difference to each race which forces you to change up tactics. I also enjoyed the end of mission rewards and elite experience, although I felt this was a little underdone/ confusing to use properly.Didnt try multi cause multi is for chumps."
,Recommended,285190,34417532,Posted: 22 August,all,aep,"The obvious attempt to appeal to moba players is sad, but understandable.The single player content is actually really good, and well worth using that 50% coupon."
,Recommended,285190,31423599,Posted: 28 April,all,Sir Papercut,"A great RTSBut perhaps not the best 40k gameThe campaign is reasonably good but serves as a long introduction to each of the three races more than anything.Too early to talk about balance but I've found all three factions to have their own distinct strengths, however some elite units could do with some tuning down (Macha comes to mind).Disregard the 'hurrdurr MOBA' statements, by that logic Warcraft 3 was a MOBA for having heroes, and in that one they even had XP, items and abilities to level per match. Yes there are towers and a core but I think these are a neat way to cleanly segment a multiplayer match, and they don't feel like a hamfisted MOBA mechanic.Progression system is reasonably quick, after beating the campaign most of the starting elites ended up at levels 5-8. Kinda wish it wasn't based on units killed though, as in some MP matches I never even bring out an elite by the time the game ends. But, alas.Graphics are clean and crisp, for good or ill. For an RTS this is great and things are much easier to read visually, but as a 40k game the minimalist detail on non-Elites is a bit disappointing. But not unexpected.People keep making all sorts of comparisons to DoW2. What's hilarious is around launch DoW2 got slammed hard for basically not being DoW1 but shinier, and now the exact same thing is happening here. Too many kneejerk responses that tally up as ""I DON'T LIKE CHANGE"".The game isn't flawless, as said some balance adjustments are needed, XP gain could be tweaked for elites that are often taken but not deployed for very long, Eldar vehicles ALL being able to bypass terrain is lore-accurate but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with, if you start losing resource points for too long it is VERY hard to make a comeback, the voicelines are meh compared to past outings (SPACE MARINES HAVE ENGAGED THE ENEMY) and the music is not very memorable (I still remember the Eldar war theme from DoW2) and so on and so forth.I'm willing to give the game a thumbs up, as an RTS I enjoy it, but diehard 40k fans may be left wanting if they were hoping for Dawn of War 1's massive array of races or visual/audio 'character'. Personally I think starting with fewer races is a good decision, DoW1 very quickly became a balance nightmare because it had like 12 races by the end. DoW2 similarly by the end of Retribution."
,Recommended,285190,31568968,Posted: 5 May,all,Sarn,"I cannot say I am a die-hard fan of Warhammer 40k universe. I read some books, used to play tabletop game and really enjoyed first DoW game. Second one didnt catch me, I played it, but never went into multiplayer or even skirmish vs ai. I still think that Dark Crusade is the best Warhammer 40k game ever made.I remember big hatetrain when DoW 2 came out. The game was so different compare to first one, so people just couldnt accept it. Same happens now, DoW 3 is different. It is more like 1 DoW, but still has its own gameplay. Big armies, elites, etc etc.Yes,  now this game is just a campaign, bugs and few MP maps. The campaign is good and long enough, bugs are annoying, but playable and amount of mp maps are actually bigger than DoW 2 had at launch.I would recommend this game to:any WH 40k funpeople who might enjoy a strange grotesque sci-fi universeI would NOT recommend this game to:MP only RTS 1000 APM\sec player. Srsly, this game wont be a cybersport platform.People who like absurd retreat button from DoW2.PS You might hate DoW3 but it is the best WH 40k game for today (ethernal crusade and hunderts of indie-golems are barely playable).PPS BF: Gothic is good too."
76561198091547612,Not Recommended,285190,31422658,Posted: 28 April,all,Franz von Væterland,世嘉马赛克大厂，赶紧多出点dlc马赛克啊不值，等打折。三个种族，三张地图。赶工明显。微操简直反人类，没办法打最近目标，因为单位重叠，就看着自己的中型单位满地乱跑水雷正在积极修改旧bug，并添加新bug总算解锁了全英雄单位，感觉新手打的话只有最一开始的三个前中后期会被虐残。不如去打打战役升级拿点钱去解锁。前期英雄都是杀小兵和割草一样，你几队兵被一个技能割草可是相当开心。英雄升级送的军队技能也是无脑强的很，基本上是没有那个技能单位就是垃圾猴版。把绝大多数英雄都升满级了，骂的水雷你个新纳粹，就星际战士的bug少。豆芽和绿皮成就都得不了。
76561198114821556,Not Recommended,285190,31458989,Posted: 30 April,all,joosman,wow. an all new low for the w40k franchise. c'mon get your act together. this is horrible.
,Recommended,285190,31521549,Posted: 3 May,all,jonboy,If you like RTS games this is one of the best!
76561198011002116,Recommended,285190,31594930,Posted: 6 May,all,Thorn,The consensus I keep finding is: The game is good... But it isn't dawn of war X so it's bad!
,Recommended,285190,34618802,Posted: 30 August,all,jaster,i like but the constant switching is anoying in campain
76561198043840967,Recommended,285190,34581826,Posted: 29 August,all,omer666ster,"I played all three Down of Wars and I think all the hate around this game isn't justified.First, the campain is in fact longer than the original Dawn of War. I know many players would like to have a tactical map like Dark Crusade, but some others prefer having a scenario. DoW III's scenario isn't as good as DoW II's, but it's still very entertaining. Also I think switching from one faction to the other is a pretty good idea more games should explore. It provides more dynamics to the game and the use of multiple points of views is great, even if it could have gone deeper.Some comments on tactical squad customization simply miss the point of having separate units for anti-vehicle and Heavy Bolters, which in fact balances the game.Also Elite units play just like in DoW I, they only need Elite Points to spawn on the map. In order to get those quickly, players need to control generators that are generally on the center of the map.About resource gathering, the fact you need to construct generators means you can spam those and starve the enemy to death, so that control points and their defense is crucial. Cover system was changed to reflect these changes - covers are a point of interest for which the player must fight. Once a player holds control on a cover point, it is very difficult to take it back. Cover like in DoW II wouldn't have worked because it's not aggressive enough, and DoW I cover system worked more randomly, which is fine, but again, doesn't fit the third episode's aggressiveness.Finally, people complaining about micro-management are a bit overreacting. Most if not all units - apart from Elites - have one skill maximum. It does get some time to get used to it but it works really well.To conclude, what players didn't get is that the game is based on aggressivity and needs players to take risks, which are heavily rewarded when it succeeds. You've got to pay strong attention to unit placement and game pacing, and I've had a lot of pleasure doing so.After all this trolling I really hope we will get additionnal content as I am deeply convinced this is only misunderstanding and it doesn't reflect the game's quality.There are some problems, like the lack of multiplayer content, and the UI can be badly designed at times. But that's nothing a patch can't fix."
76561197967676100,Recommended,285190,34444539,Posted: 23 August,all,Rockanon,"I'm a long time RTS player and I generally like 40K's tone and world building, though I can't say I've read any of the books or played the tabletop games or anything like that (so, a pretty casual fan I guess). I have however played DOW1, 2 and 3 and enjoy each of them for different reasons.If you played DOW2 and were hoping for more of the same... well... that's not exactly what you'll find in DOW3. DOW3 shifts the RTS focus to more of a unit churn where victories pivot around how, when, and where you use your ultra-powerful hero units to control the map. Speaking of the maps - they are, generally speaking, pretty open and static with cover typically being pretty minimal (you can basically stand in a few specific locations for 'hidden cover', or control a shield structure to... well.. shield yourself from ranged attacks).Here's what I like:+ Hero units feel very powerful, and there are a lot to choose from. Each play pretty uniquely and provide army improvements that unlock as you level them up.+ Hero abilities are fun to use and typically shred lesser units in a very satisfying way.+ Each army has 3 doctrine slots that let you specialize your units around your preferred play style - An example is the Tarantula Turret Doctrine, which lets you build 360 degree defensive turrets that you wouldn't otherwise have access to.+ Games automatically escalate over a period of time to ensure the battle climaxes in a heated frenzy of unit construction and waves of units crashing into each other until the bitter end.+ The art style feels modernized with lots of effects and visually stunning moments.+ the music builds consistently as the battle escalates, making fights feel super intense.Things I don't love:- The game leans closer to Starcraft 2 than CoH in terms of unit focus over map advantage. In other words, this RTS feels a smidge closer to what I call an ""arcade RTS"", meaning your basic units have less of an impact than the overall strategy to just make stuff faster than your opponent.- The resource nodes feel pretty simple, and since the nodes aren't linked to territory control (like CoH strategic points to help cut off enemy supplies) they feel a little underwhelming - you basically just pay to click icons that float above them to upgrade the benefits of that node. Nodes can also be upgraded with point defense but generally just feel like signs that say ""Fight Here"".- Unit responsiveness - Units being fired at from enemies out of LOS just sorta seem to take it on the chin. If you're not micro-ing well, you'll come back to a battle and find your guys dying as enemies out of LOS continue to fire at them and they simply don't react, take cover, or anything really. so the units, if left to their own devices, feel a little dumb.- Hero / Doctrine purchasing - there's in-game money you earn by playing the game and leveling up heroes that basically lets you unlock additional heroes and doctrines. The currency is global so if you buy a big hero for space marines, you're on the clock for a while before you can afford to buy a hero for another faction. It kinda feels like they want players to specialize a bit in one faction? I get it is knowledge gating designed to prevent overwhelming players with too many options out of the gate, but... yeah... feels a little half-baked.- community support. Obviously there are a lot of negative reviews on this game and as a result, the online community is practically nonexistent. there are rarely any custom games when I log on, and If I start one myself, it takes a long time to find another person to play with. Unfortunately, the biggest negative is this game will likely be a BYOF (bring your own friends) experience or just a lot of solo comp stomp matches.tl;dr - on it's own, DOW3 is a good game hampered by the shadow of an extremely well made predecessor. It attempts to shift the series to a faster paced, hero-focused romp with large armies while sacrificing some of the subtleties of classic Relic RTS play. I find it fun to play and worth $29.99, though I'd be hesitant to pay $59.99 due to the lack of community support."
,Recommended,285190,31396815,Posted: 27 April,all,Nova,"So I'm going to write my review now.First off, if you hated DoW2, you likely will find tons of fault in this game. And likely will not like it.Lets ignore any ""it doesn't run, its poorly optimized"" whining. It will run different for each person, fine for me, might not be for you. Not a reason to downvote.My Personal negatives.-No Cover system, this bugs me but I can honestly look past it. For those who enjoyed it in 1 and 2, its jarring as hell.-Moba elements? No, not a moba. Capture and hold, and protect objectives have been a staple in RTS long before MOBAs. However, the fact MP only has ""protect"" mode gameplay and not any other modes might throw you off. I personally see it as an Anti rush tactic. anyways.- Bad Campaign? whut? Unless you absolutely hated the campaign in DoW2, it's the same thing, though told from three faction viewpoints. Focus on pushing ahead an small squad tactics. Exactly like 2.the good? My personal opinion.- Unit upgrades/abilities have kick. I personally love the difference when I equip tactical marines with plasma weapons, or unlock jump jets for my airborn guys. Upgrades seem to add a lot more punch to me.- Heroes are strong but not broken, I used the anti vehicle eldar units to take down a titan. They are tide changers yeah, but not rediculous and are pretty fun to use. I love the Terminator squads.- Visuals. It looks and sounds like Dawn of War to me, visually and audio are fine and it does this well.- Base building, this is back. ish, at least you can now reinforce and use buildings to hold forward areas, just wish I could build turrets like Dow1.My reccomendation.if you liked Dow1 but hated 2, avoid this.  If you enjoyed 2, you might like this? is it watered down? in some areas it might feel like that, in others it might feel expanded on.Buyer beware and know what you are getting into. Im having fun myself. So no regrets.Hope this review helps some."
76561198019188308,Recommended,285190,31474765,Posted: 30 April,all,RiskyMitchy,"Dawn of War III is not better than the original Dawn of War, but the battles feel more chaotic and epic. This rts requires alot of micro, but I enjoy the amount of team work needed to play this game well. I would wait to get this game on sell, as there are not alot of maps and single player content is lacking. I look forward to any expansions this game will release."
76561198010612564,Not Recommended,285190,31656971,Posted: 9 May,all,chris,:( that is all
,Not Recommended,285190,31459050,Posted: 30 April,all,PAPA YONZO HATES YOUR CHILDREN,Not nearly as good as I hoped it would be.
76561198014067090,Not Recommended,285190,34364205,Posted: 19 August,all,Hendo,"Basically this game is a port from COH 2. The difficulty settings are wacked. I am a Casual player, and the casual setting (or the lowest) is much more like Normal on most games or Hard on some. Within  15 min i get over run by the AI. I bought this game with a 50% coupon, and i would suggest that you do the same, or wait until more patches have been released to pay the total 70 bucks."
,Recommended,285190,34410993,Posted: 22 August,all,Narwa Kelva (Zach),"I got the 50% discount for this game and it seems like a lot of people did. I love this game to bits already and I only have 4.6 hours on this game. Though this is an amazing game for what I used it for which is 'Classic annihlation' (because I loved playing DoW1)  I dont think it's worth £40... I don't think any game is worth that. But theres not much to the game if they updated it with more maps and races then this would be on my 'worth it' list, looking at how they added the races for dow1 and dow2 (I think) they add them as pricey DLCs if add them at all. But still recommend this game for a cheaper price if you can ;P"
76561198017849659,Recommended,285190,31536738,Posted: 3 May,all,SlimDrake,Best RTS since Warcraft 3 thanks for the hard work you fellas put in :)
,Recommended,285190,31760439,Posted: 14 May,all,MidLman,"Counter to what seems to be popular opinion, DoW3 is an excellent addition to the series that brings the best elements of both DoW 1 and 2 while stripping away a lot of the cruft to create a more streamlined experience. The core gameplay shifts back towards the classic RTS base-building and point-control mechanics of DoW1, while keeping powerful elite units we saw in DoW2 to lend a unique DoW flavour that help set it apart from other games in the genre.The campaign is well written while also serving as a tutorial to ease players into the multiplayer mode. The RPG-like elements of the DoW2 campaign mode are gone in favour of a pure RTS formula with a more-or-less linear story. While this does limit the campaign replayability, it shows me that the development team is steering towards one unified RTS vision, rather than trying to mash 2 drastically different play styles and genres together the way DoW2 tried to do.The multiplayer is where the game really shines. My experience has been that it takes at least a dozen matches to get a feel for the multiplayer and begin to realize the strategic depth, which is not readily obvious in the first few matches. However, the play style is faster and more aggressize than DoW2. There is a heavier emphasis on unit control and combat tactics and there is no retreat button to use as a crutch. I think this is a service to the darker, more violent tone of the game as it forces the players into conflicts. But fans of the largely defensive strategies of DoW2 may find DoW3 multiplayer difficult.The elite units are bigger and bolder here and can impact gameplay heavily. Mixing and matching different elites and CoH-style doctrines allows players to unlock new and varied strategies and tactics within a single faction, letting players find styles of play that suit their own tendencies rather than locking individual units into a single role or purpose.The unit models and textures look great, and the super-units look fantastic. Effects look amazing, without overwhelming the screen and obscuring the action; Over-use of FX spam was something DoW2 suffered from, and this game feels much cleaner. The map and environment fidelity has been greatly improved over those found in the past 2 games. The world has a much better sense of scale here that never quite came through in the previous games.My only major criticisms:1) That the front-end menus and UI feel poorly optimized and laid out.2) The requirement to grind games to earn skulls to unlock more elite units is disappointing. Most modern games are guilty of using an unlockable system to artificially achieve longevity, but it's a disappointment nonetheless.-----I've read a lot of negative reviews and it seems to me that fans of the previous games need to remove their rose-coloured nostalgia-tainted glasses.  I'd like to address a few common complaints I've seen in most of the negative reviews.1) It's too much of a MOBA.No, it's not. DoW3 is an RTS focused on tactical control of strategic map locations. DoW1 and DoW2 both emphasized map zone and point control. So does the W40K tabletop game. It's true that DoW3 has moba-style elite units, but that was also true of DoW2. DoW1 also had powerful elite units, albeit more difficult to access  (e.g. the bloodthirster). My point is: Elites and point control aren't something new to the series, they're key components. I'm sure if they went away the community would just as quickly turn around and complain that they're missing.2) There are no sync kills, no cover, no retreat button, etc.Many of those things, while they added to the ""wow"" factor of the first 2 games, actually presented serious design and balance issues that made the multiplayer worse and even unfair, especially at high levels of play. While it may not be readily apparent, the removal of many of those features actually helps streamline and improve the multiplayer experience.3) Why isn't there any last stand?The Last Stand was a post-release DLC that was added long after DoW2 launched, not as part of the original content. Given time I'm confident Relic has plans to add more modes, so Last Stand - or something like it - isn't out of the question yet. Be patient. Also note that for those decrying DoW3 as being too much of a moba: Last Stand was literally a Moba-inspired mode. The mode you're asking for is literally the thing you were just complaining about.4) DoW1/DoW2 had more maps, more modes, more factions, more whatever-it-is-you-think-is-missing:Sure, if you bought the game-of-the-year editions of either game or purchased DoW2 Retribution years after the initial release this is true. But at initial launch both of the previous titles also had limited content. I'm confident we will see more maps and modes in time. In the meantime, I'm perfectly happy to accept quality over quantity.-----I've really enjoyed my time with DoW3 and look forward to future release content. I won't say the game is perfect, but there's a solid foundation here that I'm confident will only get better as more content is released. For my money it's got all the W40K: Dawn of War flavour I'd expect from a new entry in the series.Waaagh!"
76561198119465719,Recommended,285190,34382646,Posted: 20 August,all,NinjaStorm,"Ok this is my first review for any game on steam so i thought ill do a review about this game as im a dawn of war fan.When i first saw the trailer for this game i was amazed i thought the series would of died as THQ was no more, the gameplay trailer was different from dow 2 so when i watched the other gameplays, i was happy but unsure as the game play was different from the others, its like its gone back to the old dow abit where you can make other buildings but not as much as the old dow.So today i had a 50% coupon so i brought the game and well at first i didnt like it, its bad, dow 2 is better, etc. etc. but as ive played it longer im beginning to like it more. i think the game is not that bad, its trying something new like what dow 2 did BUT i think they should of had more races/units and more stuff for the troops (e.g the dreadnought doesnt have multimelta or assultcannons so its just a walking hitting tank)So i my opinion the game is 6.5/10Pros:new types of unitsa new type game stylemore buildingCons:only 3 races (maybe they should of had 4 or 5)not alot of maps/gamemodes (you can get maps from workshop but if you want to play it online other people would need to have it)units should have more choices in weapons to get (like assult marines getting a sgt or grenades. powerfists)So all i can say is give it a go if you can sme how play the demo, do so, so you can see what its like as dont judge a book by its cover."
76561198067512489,Recommended,285190,31532180,Posted: 3 May,all,Rjappi,Lit bruh lit
76561197984627559,Recommended,285190,31447873,Posted: 29 April,all,Tychus,A bit of DOW1 with a Bit of DOW2 and some MOBA thrown in. I like it.
76561198055431527,Recommended,285190,34889947,Posted: 11 September,all,Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin,Ok I would not say this was a bad game on its own and would recomend it to die hard warhammer fans and newcommers to RTS games. HOWEVER When compared to other games in the franchise this is a pitifull game. Go get Dawn of war 1 or 2 as they are better in nearly every way.
,Recommended,285190,31830004,Posted: 18 May,all,kexD,"Despite all the butthurt reviews from fans of DOW1 and DOW2 this is pretty decent game. The only bad things I can name now would be new cover system and lack of multiplayer maps, but latter will prob get solved with patches.Campaign is not too bad, hoverever alternating factions is quite meh. Multiplayer is fun and fast paced, requires both micomanagement and strategy.New cover system is quite bad though: covers are control points which give you omnidirectional defence from ranged attacks. As person who was quite fond of DOW2 directional cover system I don't like this, but this is something you can get used to.Overall this is quite good game which doesn't deserve current 55% approval rating. If you like fast paced RTS multiplayer gameplay then go ahead and get this. However if you are a fan of lengthy campaigns of DOW1 that's probably not going to be your game of choice."
76561197985527476,Not Recommended,285190,34620116,Posted: 30 August,all,BulleTMagneT,"So........ok , you bring the building back. 3 races, i can already smell the seasoning races dlc. Could have been the Best DoW40k game, could....:("
76561198095422394,Recommended,285190,34568423,Posted: 28 August,all,Lord Omega 117,its not DoW 2 and that makes many people very angry having played more DoW across computers and accounts than i care to admit i have to say this one is my favorite. Good lore great gameplay I would buy it again
76561197996314601,Recommended,285190,34767505,Posted: 5 September,all,simonbrowne404,"I really wanted to love this. Dawn of War and its sequal are still some of my favourite games, and I'm pretty biased towards anything with 40K's glorious Space Marines.Sadly, I have to admit I was disappointed by this one. The first thing I noticed (and yes, this is pretty petty, but still), was that the awesome action packed cutscenes were gone. Very disappointing since the introductory cutscene to DoW is still one of my favourites to this day.In regards to the actual game.. It looks very nice. The maps are gorgeous and units look great. But as far as the gameplay is concerened, it really felt like a constant run from point to point, with no real time for tactics or getting to really know your units. Also, switching constantly between the races was interesting, but ultimately I'm here to play Space Marines so let me do that already!Overall, the game is OK, and if it wasnt DoW I would probably love it. But unfortunately this time around I was underwhelmed by the experience. Still a good game, just dont expect it to be DoW."
,Recommended,285190,34359041,Posted: 19 August,all,Sixtyfps_Gaming,20 hr reviewHaving fun at the moment. Its hard for me not to like Warhammer 40k .60 hr reviewIm almost finished with the campaign and i have been having a great time with it. I like the elements of base building and squad missions like DOW2. I didnt like the way they split the 3 faction campaign but i grew to like it. This is because it told a very good story and i find you get the full experiance playing all 3 factions. I hope we get some expansions for more single play play.I love the multiplayer and i cant get enough. I would like to see more Doctorines. This adds to the stragedy aspect of the game and forces you to create a solid game plan or get destroyed. This game is worth it even though i got it on sale i would of paid 60 easy for it
,Recommended,285190,34564963,Posted: 28 August,all,TigerDragon180,"they went back to their roots in video games, yet left room for the most popular part of dawn of war 2. Think classic Dawn of war, building bases, dropping troops in, but throw in heroes, tough guys that can still be taken out. and then let there be large battles....rather than what based for multiplayer battles in the second game. all in all i love it."
76561198053865080,Recommended,285190,34565842,Posted: 28 August,all,Metr0,"I know Im in the minority on this, but this has become my favorite entry in the DoW franchise. The presentation and gameplay is top notch. From what I can tell from reading other reviews, people just want more DoW2. Im not really sure whats so fun about a small handfull of bullet proof units that pelt each other with fire as they run past each other to capture points and retreat to heal to repeat the process until youve filled the arbitrary victory point bar. I'd recommend people get DoW Dark Crusade over this but I also dont think this is the worst game. DoW2 and its expansions exists after all.Pro's:+Fantastic presentation+Fast and exciting gameplay+Base Building (although limited)+Not DoW2 (to each his own)Con's:-Limited on content-The game flopped and odds are it wont get an expansion-Limited unit variety-Only 3 races-No Tau :(Seeing that ""Mostly Negative"" rating just made me want to put something positive down for the greater good."
,Recommended,285190,31627505,Posted: 8 May,all,Cyberpunk1981,Love it so far and it will only get better.  Looking forward to more content as time goes on.  The race reveals at the end of the campaign have got me excited for expansions!
76561198005622730,Recommended,285190,31760212,Posted: 14 May,all,Cuchovsky,"Not gonna lie here: Having played all Dawn of Wars, and almost all expansions (missed the chaos one on Dow 2), I can safely say this is one of the best deliveries of the series. Summary as follows:Pros:-Game flows quickly, no matter if multiyplayer or single.-Nice caracterization of units and general 40k universe.-Good army customization with the use of doctrines.-Campaign starts decent, and rises periodicaly to an EPIC end.-Has an actual campaign with a good story, instead of ""o hey look imma gonna conquer this here planet because the empereor/chaosgods/greatergood/waaagh/whatever. (That is still good, but more as an ""alternate single player"" rather than the core of the singleplayer campaign experience)-non separated pop cap allows you to mass whatever you want, not limiting you if you want to go full infantry or vehicles.-Gripping propper soundtrack.-Nothing's overly weak or strong, and multiple units synergize with one another, not forcing you to ""this one combo solves all"", but rather let's you acomplish the game (multi or single) your way (wich ties in nicely with doctrines).-Did i mention the epic campaign end? And a nice reward if you watch the endgame credits.Cons:-Only 3 playable races.-Only one multiplayer mode.-Alt-tabbing will sometimes prompt a bug where you can't move the screen with the mouse but can move it with ""WASD"", easily fixed alt-tabbing again but still kinda annoying.Neutral points:-Cover system's... while it's not the old system of dow 1 or 2 wich made a lot more of sense, it's implementation does speed up games and makes you have to actually pay attention to battle, no more ""mass units, attack move, gg"" boringness.-No morale system kinda falls in the cover's same issue. While it was an interesting mechanic, the lack of it adds better flow to the game"
76561198028041264,Recommended,285190,31579204,Posted: 6 May,all,Desperaato,"Leave your expectations play this for what it is, and enjoy it.  If you come into this game with an open mind, it is really really fun."
,Recommended,285190,31619076,Posted: 7 May,all,Kodith,"A pretty solid RTS with a good multiplayer, the problem I have with the game is that it only launched with 3 factions."
76561198032401018,Recommended,285190,31674841,Posted: 10 May,all,spawn_66667,Really like what they did with this game. It's sort of a mix between it's two predecessors. Can't wait for more races to be playable !
,Recommended,285190,31468284,Posted: 30 April,all,BattleCry,"I will recommend the game but migh change it after a month or two if necessary.Nowaday, we should no longer consider the game as a ""Full game"" at it's release, only the last DLC of the game came out we can call it a ""Full game"".So the game at the moment is 7/10, they removed serve things that we used to have in DOW2 and COH2.No cover - ""A new cover system"" is here but is no good, is lame and suckNo suppression/pint down - Instead of this they have another new ""melee system"", when troops engaged by melee foe they move way slower than usual, this is fine and fun as a replacement.No base building - This harm the gameplay again, no actual defensive building/turrent make the team who's losing having a hard time, which harms the gamepaly as wellLess game mode and only 3 races atm - The DLC will be here soon or later son don't worry, we 100% got these things (Chaos <3)Buy it, enjoy it and wait for improvement if you are a RTS lover or 40k fans or both, just like me, trust."
76561198104624012,Recommended,285190,31589267,Posted: 6 May,all,Captain Doki of The Blood Angels,Hatters gonna hate. Because they always hate the things made well.
76561198006708351,Recommended,285190,35483387,Posted: 4 October,all,kaizer_q8,A fun and a very nice looking game.
76561198020463682,Recommended,285190,35410600,Posted: 2 October,all,WhiteEyedHunter,"I don't understand why people really hate this, I'm glad they added back in the ability to build though the only thing I'd like is if there could be a DLC or update made adding in all the characters from the previous games and DLC's. In other words 5 out of 5 I love this game for life."
,Recommended,285190,31397843,Posted: 27 April,all,macmillanjamie,"It has been some time my brother......So far...... it's upgraded, its bad♥♥♥♥♥its warhammer!!Due to my small time on it so far I will be back to write a more detailed report on the xenos but for what ive played so far I am definately enjoying it......Praise be to the Emperor!!"
76561198035910425,Not Recommended,285190,31565019,Posted: 5 May,all,Deathgloom,RTS game with Dota/Moba multiplayer... I have great hardware maybe a year old at most and seems to be having quite a bit of trouble even getting relatively good framerate and for some reason the option menu seems to suffer more then the game. Even on high settings the units don't really look that great and the map is cluttered with useless things making it a bit hard to understand what's going...   2/10 sheeps
,Recommended,285190,31629046,Posted: 8 May,all,kbwarlock,"More like DOW 1 than 2 which is great. the army painter is ok but id rather have more customization than choosing from list of colors. i like the elites and the army perks, Last thing is i hate the campaign i feel like its been the same since DOW 1 and hasnt changed a bit also i dont like ork of eldar so the switching between races in the campaign was a nightmare for me. otherwise great game, but id wait for a sale or something or the next expansion."
76561198009585916,Recommended,285190,31430519,Posted: 28 April,all,Deathwolf,"Ok let me first start with the big question of whether or not this is a bad game which it is not, however does this game deserves the Dawn of War title and that answer is that it certainly does not. Let me just say before I begin that I am a huge fan of the first Dawn of War game and somewhat of a fan of the second. With this out of the way the choice for choosing whether or not to dislike this game was hard for you see for every good thing this game has to offer there was always a negative.Some of the things that I did enjoy about the game was that huge armies and base buildings are back which I was a fan of in the first game and along with this you get new units such as the knight and so on. On top of everything they brought back the army painter with new colors and more chapters, war bands, etc. The other thing that I liked about this was that the sound of the weapons firing sounded on par to what I would imagine them actually sounding like which in turn makes me a bit happy. There are many more things that I also liked about this game but for the time being lets move on.Now moving on there are plenty of reasons as to why I could dislike this game as well. First being that there are no sync kills in this game where as in the previous games there were. For multiplayer and skirmish mode there is only one game mode which is very disappointing. Then the final thing is that this game though not a moba is heavily and I mean heavily influenced by them which to me is a double edge sword. What I mean by this is that this game feels like a warhammer 40k reskin of Star Craft 2, which in its own right Star Craft 2 is not a bad game at all and once again same could apply to this game. Now as for the new art style, honestly it does not bug me as much as some of the other vets of DoW1 and DoW2, because the thing is in each of the titles own way they all had its own individual art style. The last thing that does get on my nerves about this game is the recourse system, because first off your units that are considered your core units are way to expensive to put on the field compared to the amount of resources that you can get. Playing multiplayer not once could I recall actually building a tank for both space marines, Orks, or Eldar due to  once again being heavily influenced by moba game modes either I did not have enough time to build one or there was not enough resources coming in order for me to consider whether or not it was worth me building one. Also because of the unit cost when you play the main campaign be prepared to wait for a long time in order to build a large army because dang this recourse system is just to slow to do something efficiently and in a timely manner unless of course your just try to rush the enemy. As the game stand currently it would seem SEGA used the Dawn of War title as a cash grab which if they actually called this game something else then I would have a completely different view about this game, because let me tell you something this is no Dawn of War game.Now you might be wondering why in the world I ended up liking this game, well the thing is a lot of these issues that I mentioned can be fixed. For instance they can easily fix the whole troop cost/ recourse system compared to other things which would make me and a lot of other people happy. Another thing is that they need to add sync kills back into this game. Now I am not saying that every unit should have a sync kill every time they are going into melee combat, but have it enough to the point that it is some nice eye candy every time I zoom in once and a while. At least with this I can relate this to the other DoW games. The other thing is to add more game modes which I am happy to hear they will supposedly be doing.In the end the game is not bad and actually fun to play. Now I was willing to make some compromises to the new additions to the game, however SEGA needs to fix some of these gripes that me and some other players are having about this game. Once that is fix and they have added some crap ton of additional races to the game, then I will feel a whole lot better saying that this is a DoW game."
76561198037422377,Recommended,285190,31447844,Posted: 29 April,all,Noahqshark,eh it's alright
,Recommended,285190,34409271,Posted: 21 August,all,ringhloth,"I liked DOW1, but hated DOW2. I really like DOW3, and it's really nothing like the reviews say. First, the campaign is 17 missions long, so it's pretty sizable. Second, skirmishes feel nothing like a MOBA. There are no lanes, and the maps look basically like a DOW2 or DOW1 map. There are objectives you have to take in order, but that's about it. You can also just play a normal annihilation game if you want. Third, though many mechanics are missing, I don't really care. Cover belonged more in COH than DOW, and there are still terrain elements that give you a strong advantage when fighting in/near them. I don't really understand why people are so angry, except that whatever DOW3 was, people weren't going to like it."
76561197999751093,Not Recommended,285190,32859967,Posted: 27 June,all,Swire,"Literally unplayable. I just bought and installed this game. I have tried to start it up about 13 times now. Every time I click the mouse the game freezes and crashes. I looked online for a fix, tried the suggestions like deleting files out of the dawn of war 3 folder and made sure my drivers are up to date. Nothing works. I can get to the main menu screen by hitting escape on my keyboard but as soon as I click the mouse, the game will freeze. What a waste of money."
,Recommended,285190,34746545,Posted: 4 September,all,SomeFatGamer,"I've played DoW2 and I literally love that game, i wasn't into the MP as much as everyone but I loved the campaign and skirmish against bots. DoW3 in my opinion is a really excellent game, they really improved the graphics and it's looks awesome. I mainly play campaign and skirmish(Not access to internet) but they really really did lack on the story, they could seriously add cinimatics to make the story better instead of reading. Overall I love this game but wait until it goes on sale to get your money's worth."
,Recommended,285190,31452636,Posted: 29 April,all,Corgi,Heroes of the Warhammer 40k defenders of the Ancient Legends craft 3.
76561198385957192,Recommended,285190,32026617,Posted: 28 May,all,Imperator,"Epic game, seems only people that lack the skill set for RTS games dont like it."
76561198009186964,Not Recommended,285190,31465123,Posted: 30 April,all,Icesoft,"24 FPS cap at all time with gtx1080ti, stop selling broken products plz."
76561197972701492,Recommended,285190,31636802,Posted: 8 May,all,Brother Dasmodeus,I've really enjoyed it so far. Just hope in the future they come out with some game mode options and maps but the leveling up and army doctrines are a great twist to the DOW games.
,Recommended,285190,32055130,Posted: 29 May,all,Real Dog XL,"This game requires a good ratio of micro to macro and the multiplayer is well thought out. I've been waiting for something similar since the days of Warcraft III and this scratches the itch nicely. Units and techtrees are well thought out and provide a variety of tactics; the game also requires a high degree of player skill to be successful in.I have not tried the campaign or army painter yet so I cannot comment on those. I'm looking forward to the upcoming balance changes and continued back end support. The game feels 3/4 finishes at the moment but the gameplay is there where it counts, albeit a little unbalanced and lacking in map variety."
76561198060236684,Recommended,285190,32073176,Posted: 30 May,all,MrGamerGuy,"A good game all around even if it doesn't fit into the niche that die hard Dawn of War fans wanted. Base building is back, bigger armies, better graphics, and tons of hero units including the new titan units that give it the over the top Warhammer feel.The campaign is solid and each faction has their own flavor to how they play with their own unique abilities and each faction is given its own unique missions rather than just having them as carbon copies of eachother with slightly different dialogue. And the multiplayer is plenty of fun especially if you are going against your friends. There is a learning curve to the gameplay but once you get a feel for where everything is and who does what you will be fine. Also the campaign serves as a pretty good way to ease you into controlling larger armies.Also don't try compring this game to previous DOW titles, it is its own game and it really feels nothing like either of them and there is nothing wrong with that but if you were looking for a repeat of the last two games, keep moving."
,Recommended,285190,34625970,Posted: 30 August,all,SyKoTiiKxKiiNg,"After 18 hours without even touching multiplayer, I paid 30 dollars for the game and can say on sale this game is worth the 30 dollar value. But with it still being 60 constantly it's not worth it but for what I've paid and played I can tell you this game is basically Company of Heroes 2 with a Warhammer 40k skin, now honestly that's not a bad thing with how I see it, it's a new and up to date Dawn of War with fun base building and replayability for single player skirmish's and a roughly 12 hour campaign. I think everybody hates on it because they always want to go with a new direction with their games but it's a creative game and very beautiful. If you're thinking crap there are so many bad reviews it must be a terrible game but honestly it's nowhere near as bad as people make it out to be. People ♥♥♥♥♥ about it being a MOBA when really it's barely a MOBA, the reason everyone calls it a MOBA is because of Elite units but in reality their just very powerful unique units that can turn the tide of battle when used properly. If you're looking for a beautiful game that you'll put at least 12 hours into and try the skirmish mode out this game is worth on sale, most people got the 50% coupon from Dawn of War 2 and it's not bad for that price, hopefully they'll give free DLC with the crappy reviews but even if it has paid DLC I'll probably end up buying it just because its new."
76561198026119879,Recommended,285190,31629717,Posted: 8 May,all,SirJubs,"I really enjoy this game. No it is not Dawn of War 1 or 2, but I don't think that the comparision is fair. The gamplay is good, the campaign is enjoyable, after the first two or three levels of introduction, and I like the multiplayer game mode. If you wanted Dawn of War 1 remastered you are not going to find it here, but I wouldn't let expectations ruin a good game."
76561198094475204,Recommended,285190,34429158,Posted: 22 August,all,Hodor <2,i dont know about this one they change the games so... much..!now days with the last few games its hard to enjoy themi buy it thinking its going to be like the  one befor but they change it so much XDfirst ones was like a take and hold points and take out there bases ok cool :)then it was u control a team of 4 heros ok.. lol cool i sapose..and know its kinda a mix of all lol lol really..  ok sure XDwish they would make up there minds but..that said its not a bad gamebut im done buying these till thay make up there dam minds XD
76561197997454755,Not Recommended,285190,31586652,Posted: 6 May,all,sottiman,very frustrating...this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197983719424,Recommended,285190,31669438,Posted: 10 May,all,Whiskas,EXEC SUMMARY:LOOKS BEAUTIFULPLAYS BEAUTIFULSINGLE PLAYER IS BEAUTIFULMULTIPLAYER IS FUN BUT LIMITED TO ONE TYPE OF GAMEMODEMORE FACTIONS PLS
,Recommended,285190,31691514,Posted: 11 May,all,jake,"not sure why the reviews are mixed... if you liked DoW 1 you'll love this, except there are more activated abilities"
,Recommended,285190,31500141,Posted: 1 May,all,Kilroy,"Fun game, multiplayer has a bit of a learning curve."
76561197974333171,Not Recommended,285190,31400062,Posted: 27 April,all,Eddie S,"First off the game wouldn't even load to begin with. Secondly, the whole thing, especially the UI is a cluttered mess."
76561198025673878,Recommended,285190,31553529,Posted: 4 May,all,Roberto,"If you are expecting to be Dawn of War II or I, it's not. The sprites are ugly and the single campaign is bad. So disapointed with this game."
76561198099219435,Recommended,285190,31501737,Posted: 2 May,all,Ngurah,"I understand why people seems disappointed with this game, I’ve read many of this game negative review and I get why a lot of people seem to dislike this game. But that disappointment, the disappointment of having your beloved franchise change its formula, the disappointment of having your beloved franchise change its style, and the disappointment of having not living up to your expectation. It is the same feeling I had when I played Dawn of war 2 for the first time. Let me tell you why, though, if you’re not much for long reading just skip to the last paragraph for the TL;DR version. But if you up for long reading, let me try to convince you as detail as possible why I recommend this game.//We must learn from our Primarch (History with dawn of war)Right, where to start? I guess I should start by explaining where I’m coming from, to put things into perspective. My first dawn of war game was Dawn of war Dark Crusade, and I loved it to death. So, when they announced Dawn of War 2 I was hyped. In my mind, Dawn of war 2 will be like dawn of war 1 but better graphics and mechanic so I feel I don’t really need to watch anymore trailer (to not spoil myself). This was a mistake on my part.When the game was released I immediately bought it and when straight to the campaign. It was… different from what I imagined it would be, but I thought to myself, “This is probably just the tutorial level, I’m sure the next level it will change.” So, I keep on going, until I realize, this was the whole game. I don’t know what to feel about the campaign, so after a few hours into it I quit the campaign and went to skirmish. There were only 4 race, but that didn’t bother me too much, I started a skirmish, skipping the tutorial, hoping it be just the same as dawn of war 1. But it was different, it was really different from what I expected, “Where’s the base building? How do I build generator? Why is there only one base? I can’t add unit in battle?” From that point, everything seems to go downhill for me.It was not until Chaos Rising that start to accept the game for what it is, and when retribution came I finally able to enjoy the game and even recommended the game to my friends. When dawn of war 3 came with its gameplay trailer, I was disappointed with what I was shown but experience told me to give the game a try. I tried the game, the first few matches I feel like that this game wasn’t for me, but, after a few matches more, I started to really enjoy the game.//Though our action contradicts the codex of astartes, our loyalty is pure!  (Game Review)Now let us finally begin with the review.Graphics: A lot of complain I see for dawn of war 3 is that the game does not look Grim dark, which is also my initial impression when I first saw the gameplay video. But after actually playing it, I actually dig the art style. It fits on what they are trying to do with the game, elites unit standout, it easy to navigate between unit and fluid animation fits well with the game mechanics. Units tend to standout more making navigation and coordinating easier, same thing for animation. Though I disagree that Gabriel angelos can jump long distant with a terminator armor, but this was made as so, so that the unit standout and it can be seen as a threat.This make them standout and it should, since they are elites and their action should impact the battlefield. It might not be lore friendly, but from a game mechanic it fits really well. Besides, the cutscene on the campaign are still Grim and dark.RTS: Base building is back, but much simpler than dawn of war 1, however this time around you can build your building anywhere in the map, kind of like how you can build your HQ anywhere. There’s only 1 game mode, each team will have a “core”, you must destroy this core in order to win. Sound similar to a moba? It is. So this game is a moba now? No. You don’t “level up” your unit or your elites when in a game, nor do you go to a store a purchase a gear with your gold. Instead you to capture point in which you can build structure that increase your power or your requisition point.The game is definitely RTS, amount of maximum unit you can command is double the cap of dawn of war 2, meaning if you somehow manage to reach the maximum unit cap, you’re going to have a lot of unit that you must coordinate. Coordination is important, if you don’t micro manage your unit chances are you’ll be flank and easily wipe out, choosing your unit is also important for this time around if you need to kill infantry, you have to make anti infantry unit, if you want to destroy heavy armor vehicle you have to build anti-heavy armor unit. Melee unit defeat range unit in CQC, range unit defeat melee unit in range firing, an all-around unit perform ok in both range and CQC but they won’t be really good at anything. Very simple, right? It is, but that doesn’t mean the game is a no brainer and does not require strategy.The game does not have cover like dawn of war 2, and for good reason. For one thing, the scale of battle is MUCH bigger than dawn of war 2, having the same cover system as that of dow 2 would be useless since many of the squad will have more than 3 individual unit, and you will to do a lot of things. Some might prefer that, but for me it will disrupt the flow of the game, instead they have some sort of cover place in which if you put your unit there it will generate a bubble shield that protect any unit within it from enemy fire.. However, melee unit can bypass this shield making anyone within the shield a primary target for melee unit or elites… or artillery spam…Now let’s talk about elite, each race will have 7 elite to choose from each with different abilities and power, you can bring 3 elites into a match, however, in order to summon elite you need to use elite point, which is gain every 2 minutes or so, you capture elite point to make getting this point faster. Now, I love the elite cause they not only do they look cool, but they add a new layer on how you can play. For example, you can bring very powerful elites like the imperial knight and terminator for a very strong late game, or cheaper but less powerful elite like Deathwatch kill team and Gabriel Angelos to be summon faster. Each of the elite definitely contribute strongly to your army, however, they are not the reason someone won the match. Early unit such as the kill team can be easily kill by a suppression fire and melee attack. Imperial knight might be powerful and strong, but their size makes them an easier target for an attack, and if your enemy has a lot of anti heavy armor they will easily destroy that precious elite of yours. This is why the models and animation of an elite is very flashy and over the top, to announced themselves they are a threat to the enemy and a hero to allies.//Only in death does duty end (Last paragraph)A lot of people (especially previous title hardcore fans) complain that dow 3 is not a “dawn of war” game, but what is a dawn of war game? Dawn of war and Dawn of war 2 has a very different formula from each other, each with different direction of art and style. I say, this new Dawn of war 3, despite its flaws is still a good game. It might be very different from previous title but it is still really fun and easy game to get into. This game does not deserve the hate it currently getting, even though I do understand where this hate is coming from, but after actually playing it and letting myself immerse to the game, this is a very fun game. So please, I understand if you are disappointed but even so, this is a good game in its own. Give it a shot, give your unbiased shot, and if even after that you still don’t enjoy it, hey you can always go back to dow 1 (with mods!) or 2. Let this game try to be its own thing. Overall, a good game. A very different game from previous title, but a good game nonetheless."
76561197983584385,Recommended,285190,31477349,Posted: 30 April,all,Snyper1974,"Not even close to a sequel. If you are looking for a good sequel to DOW 1 or DOW 2 this is neither. A cheap knock off of Star Craft with a warhammer skin. It is arcady and lightweight. This shows that Relic did not listen to fans at all, they simply made a game to cash in on the name. If you like MOBAs or games without real depth this might appeal, but for those of us that are real fans there is little here worth paying for and $60 is a pure insult to the injury."
,Not Recommended,285190,31550017,Posted: 4 May,all,FassQi,"thumb down.waiting for players to improve/fix your problems? I mean the workshop.support the negative.(read other negative reviews or fanboy thumb up)andGo fk yourself, SEGA!"
,Recommended,285190,31400048,Posted: 27 April,all,WildStride,bought it for the LORE. 10/10 will dakka dakka dakka
76561198091523454,Recommended,285190,31400051,Posted: 27 April,all,spannerchops,"If you're reading a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review for this - It's literally been out hours so people cannot have formed a full opinion yet.I've played a few hours of the campaign and throughout the beta weekend.if you're looking for something similar to DoW 1/2 you're not really going to get it.(I loved the first and despised the second and have been suprised by this one)This game has elements of both, the base building is back, and cover system from the second one has been worked on.All the units in the game are basically fodder.The campaign is a long tutorial for how to play the game.It's not the best game I've ever played but not the worst.6/10 at the moment, to me at least."
76561198005655932,Not Recommended,285190,31480192,Posted: 30 April,all,Generalian,Game hiccups. I dont even call this a dawn of war game anymore. plays like♥♥♥♥
76561198010293619,Recommended,285190,32206848,Posted: 5 June,all,overlord kembri,i am a big fan but this is not a dawn of war game but i have patience and the olny why to save the game is if the dlc is very good
76561198021517121,Recommended,285190,31401123,Posted: 27 April,all,Ste,"If you see a review saying the game is a MOBA, ignore it, they are fools for thinking that. this game is different to previos dawn of wars and the people who acnnot accept change are losing their♥♥♥♥♥♥over it. Judge this game for what it is, not what the other games before it were!I've been having a blast on this game"
,Recommended,285190,32598785,Posted: 20 June,all,DarkShadow,This is an amazing addition to the Dawn of War series.Besides what the community of constant complaints has to say about just because its not Dawn of War 1.
,Recommended,285190,34608739,Posted: 30 August,all,Rowr,"It seems fine, i got it 50 percent off with a coupon. I wouldn't recommend at full price.In my view it was a mistake sacrificing the campaign to focus multiplayer. Maybe they can follow up and redeem with a decent expansion, but they seem to be all in on multiplayer unfortunately."
76561197982891913,Recommended,285190,31407272,Posted: 27 April,all,Tony Montana,"One of the rare top games which get burried under hate in the Steam reviews.Great game, do not fall for the reviews which wish it to be an exact copy of DoW1/DoW2."
76561198039917475,Recommended,285190,32035158,Posted: 28 May,all,Sarlekk,"Good game, good mix of DOW 1 and DOW 2 with some more modern RTS elements. Primary complaints I see about the game is just that its not DOW 2 with flashier graphics, and that's not fair at all. Good counterplay with all races even if I can't figure out how to beat orks."
,Recommended,285190,31910314,Posted: 22 May,all,DropkickBrat,"THIS IS NOT A CLONE OF DAWN OF WAR or DAWN OF WAR 2. Each of those games are completely different from eachother and you should not expect this game to be a mix or rendition of either of them.As a Warhammer 40k game..As a stand alone game this plays close to the original tabletop up to and including oposing factions working together (as of most recent table top edition) 8/10 would recommendAs an RTS 8/10 - needs some balancing but so does any new gameThis is a new breed. It is neither base building or a game in the vein of company of heros or x-com. Its a beautiful rendition of strategic positioning, countering, and unit conservation. Dont expect to be able to run your units into the grist mill and win al-a zerg rush. Make your enemy pay for each yard and be weary of over extending yourself.On the MOBA elements.This game does have elements of a MOBA in the framing of their objectives. The difficult thing for people who know this francise from the base building rts Dawn of War is that the original game had objectives. You would actually roll to place an objective or multiple that you faught to control after x amount of turns. In turn each player would also place or randomly place terrain forming lanes, cover, obstacles etc... When your units died... they just died. If you put 1500 pts of your 2000 pt army into close combat you would get mopped up in 3 turns. You could have armies that had few units but a high point value. Or you could have an army like Imperial Guard or Tau that would deploy massive amounts of paper thin units that you just couldnt wait to dig your close combat units into.And if anyone even dares to say this is any way too cartoony I assure you it is not and submit the following as a totally normal thing to do in the tabletop.Search for: Hello Kitty Marines, Angry Marines, etc.."
,Recommended,285190,31962173,Posted: 25 May,all,legiT ッ Trade-Skins.com,"The Graphics are awesome, but it lacks content like factions, customization and everything lel."
76561198005674290,Recommended,285190,31561661,Posted: 5 May,all,Niklas,"Not exactly what I was hoping, but I'll recommend it to any 40k grimdark fans."
76561198031646296,Not Recommended,285190,31413374,Posted: 28 April,all,shadowthrone,"feels clunky, looks poor, plays even worse. such a dissapointment."
76561197965142123,Recommended,285190,31413328,Posted: 28 April,all,*Dog,"DoW III is a superb follow up to its predecessors. A fantastic mixture of old design philosophy and new wrapped in a visual aesthetic that is as brutal as it is gorgeous. Unapologetically difficult both in its Campaign and Multiplayer. Though the learning curve is steep and immediately intimidating, success is incredibly rewarding.Relic has delivered another landmark RTS."
,Recommended,285190,31660953,Posted: 10 May,all,dudar,Very nice.
76561198006643196,Recommended,285190,32184930,Posted: 4 June,all,cptnMacKickass,"Solid fun RTS that feels like WH40K. Don't get it for the campaign, which feels very meager for the price. The multiplayer is very fun with a lot of back and forth with the potential for comebacks."
,Recommended,285190,31474516,Posted: 30 April,all,reven29,Now to clarify my time spent on this game is off because i play in offline mode and it doesnt record those hoursnext forget the haters and the band wagon trashing it for being a MOBA its not it just got a new selection of hero units and then your ground guys are their to keep the foot war going i personally love what they are trying to do with it and i think they did something very uniqe here the game play is still solid and they still have a solid strategy basis. the elites are tough and can wipe out a lot of units but they have weaknesses each unit is either ranged or melee strong but most can do some damage in both but ranged units lack melee and vis versa if that have AT on them use infantry if they have anti infantry use tanks or artillery. all in all its a balancing act to cover your weakspots and play to your strengths. orks have numbers eldar have speed and marines have health and already several patches have come out for this game to make the gameplay more balanced and fair to keep any one unit better then another
76561198023964113,Recommended,285190,31495153,Posted: 1 May,all,cjbarger,"Amazing RTS Game reminds me of StarCraft II and there isn't that many good RTS games out there to play and the ones you can play the graphics are so damn old, much better than Dawn of War II it has StarCaft building Mechanics."
,Recommended,285190,31564053,Posted: 5 May,all,Khaos,"I absolutely LOVE this game! I have always been a fan of the Dawn of War series and this game really lived up to the hype! I got EVERYTHING I expected out of the multiplayer. The multiplayer versus AI and Online is so good!!!!!I haven't played Campaign and I don't intend to play Campaign. As in previous DoW games, I imagine the campaign is more like a tutorial than anything else. But who cares!I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE playing multiplayer in this game! It is sooooo good!!!!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31549173,Posted: 4 May,all,pyeweed,"If you liked DOW2, don't buy this game.  This game is essentially Starcraft II in the W40K universe.  It is the same tired, played out style of base building and resource gathering.  They've completely gotten rid of all the things that made DOW2 great and replayable, like the RPG style progression, war gear collection, and squad customization, and replaced it with...Ork buildings that bounce around when they are doing an action like we're in Looney Tunes or something.  I am a huge W40K fan and have played nearly every game released in that world.  This is Dawn of Starcraft II."
,Recommended,285190,31457106,Posted: 30 April,all,VWActiveVW,"Not a persuasion it was benefitts, I love it <3"
,Recommended,285190,31404943,Posted: 27 April,all,BrassBass,"Ignore most of the hate-train, this game is great.The vs AI needs work, and I would love to have the option to spectate AI vs AI, but this is a great starting point for DoWIII."
76561197982600291,Not Recommended,285190,31399982,Posted: 27 April,all,kilexe,"If you were like me and were lead to believe this game would be going back to the roots of DW1 that made the series great, base building, defences, heroes, all out battles in opened maps.. then you will be 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and dissapointed like me."
76561197975178104,Recommended,285190,31734088,Posted: 13 May,all,UberMeatShield,"Good game but the other entries in the franchise were a little more interesting.DoW 1 gave us a great cover system, and decent soundtrack.DoW 2 gave us some entertaining characters and interesting campaign, good music again.DoW 3 has some epic seeming battles but the music is stale, and the lack of cover mechanic just... isn't interesting?"
76561198005730846,Recommended,285190,31494941,Posted: 1 May,all,CrosisDePurger,"This game's 3 factions are very well developed and distinct, each has a number of hero units and ""doctrines"" (basically buffs for certain units which you may choose from) that can alter the way you play the army.  The design allows for a lot of experimentation, and after 30 plus hours I'm still excited by all the things I want to try out.The gameplay contains base building and resource management but it takes a back seat to control of front line combat and this is where the game really shines.  I love Starcraft but my pet peve is that most games are won or lost with no real micro, people seek to win without engaging your army whenever possible.  That is basically impossible in this game.  I have had more epic battles in one weekend with this game then a month with SC2. Massive units, abilities getting thrown everywhere, frantic dodging, if that sounds good to you, this RTS is for you.  It is still possible to lose quite quickly if you commit your early forces to a bad engagement and they are wiped out, this leaves your opponent with complete map control which is difficult to recover from.There are some short comings with lack of customazation of UI, limited map number, and game modes, hopefully these will be address with patches and DLC, but even if that doesn't happen I'm comfortable saying it was well worth the purchase as I had to tell my wife we won't be doing anything next weekend ethier since I need to fit in another 30 hours."
76561198114667040,Recommended,285190,32077224,Posted: 30 May,all,jonathan,"Its not like the others, but I like it for that fact. it is a little lighter on the base building than in the first one but that could change with future game modes and it had a weak start but it is more balanced i n my opinion. So i recomend supporting the game because it already has some promising future with new factions but to many people have stopped playimg early because they thought i would be a carbon copy of the others when in all reality it is its own thing. Once you realize that and look at it from that point of view you can realize that this game has the potental to be the best dawn of war out their.P.S if UA ever gets put on this it will be amazing."
76561197988533180,Recommended,285190,31741632,Posted: 14 May,all,Shovelface,"THIS IS THE GREATEST TRAGEDY IN GAME REVIEWING THAT HAS EVER OCCURED!!!Maybe not, but it's bs that this game is tanking.  Every bad review boils down to ""but muh dawn of war 1 & 2! muh lore!""I bought this game for one reason and on reason only...MULTIPLAYERThis feels like the perfect dogfight RTS format. It's difficult since there are so many abilities a heavy focus on micro-managing, but THAT'S A GOOD THING!There is no just blobbing and attack-moving into the other army. Intelligent use of your units is paramount.One thing this game desperately needs is a ladder system so nubs like me stand a chance.Multiplayer amd Fun Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,285190,31571600,Posted: 5 May,all,Ived,RTS that is fun whether you win or lose.The intro video is beautiful.
,Not Recommended,285190,31701553,Posted: 12 May,all,All_Hail_Yoko_Taro,**** turret
76561198253495448,Recommended,285190,31417273,Posted: 28 April,all,Razmirth,"So lets start off with the positive. Dawn of war three is not as atrocious as everyone is making it out to be. If you are a new comer to the warhammer universe and havnt played the previous games you will notice no major differences between it and SOME other strategy games. It looks pretty decent (although i wish the camera would zoom in closer, kind of annoying) and the gameplay is fast.The game encourages you to get out of your base to get a point or two and hold them, and along the way there are things like shielded bunkers, cover to hide in to ambush, etc, on the map to give you the upper hand. I highly, HIGHLY suggest you use these things, especially in multiplayer.Base building is quick, theres no real tech tree persay, so you can get building all units right away pretty well, with only one or two upgrades required to have all forces on the field (for the most part). Anyoen familiar with previous dawn of war games will know the basics, like what the difference between ork lootas and shootas is, Eldar dire avengers and dark reeapers, etc. You really need to invest into learning unit counters. Always take anti vehicle units with you, at least 1 or 2....vehicles can absolutly wreck your infantry in this game, something im a big fan of, which previous dawn of war games didnt seem to capture very well. I mean really...a tank firing explosive laser beams is probably gonna take out swaths of infantry, i like the realism.ALl in all its a great game. But there are some issues that i will warn you about. It has ALOT of micro managing of units and their special abilities. Im telling you now, if you dont like to micro special abilities, this game is not for you. That means you will have 10+ units on the field, and you need to be able to go to each one and select grenade and point where u want it to go. THere isnt a mass order button that I know of for all units of the saem type to do the same thing, so you need to indivually select them all and press the appropriate key. I personally think they put too much of this into the game, and I think it will be a big deterrant for many players, old and new.This word was used in another reveiw, but its spot on in saying dawn of war 3 is a meat grinder. It works surpsingly well for the genre, but the basic concept is the maps are all in narrowish lanes, like a MOBA, and you are forced to fight enemies in huge blobs vs blobs of infantry and vehicles. Its fun, but im not a fan of it really. I prefer the previous installments of dawn of war, which give larger, open battle fields to flank, rear attack, retreat, etc. This you either go forward through the carnage, or back. I highly reccomend you bring a builder unit to build each races barracks along the way, so you dont need to send your beaten and bloodied squads all the way back to base to reinforce!all in all, good game, but only dedicated RTS fans will stick with it unless they patch it a ton to make it more accesible.8/10."
76561198022110959,Recommended,285190,31429598,Posted: 28 April,all,SUPERCUBAN007,10/10
,Recommended,285190,31401665,Posted: 27 April,all,Duke Marmaduke,Relic really went far beyond the comfort zone of an RTS Core and should really be praised for that. Only played a few hours and while some design choices are questionable. I can see myself putting many hours into the game if it is going to continue being expanded on like the previous entries.
76561198043592353,Recommended,285190,31563277,Posted: 5 May,all,Berzerk,"- Great Campaign (even if you dont know much about W40k lore)- Good gameplay mechanics (easy to get into, even for newer RTS player)- Good progression systemEnjoying my time in the game so far, mostly playing campaign as I am eager to see how the story progresses.Definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,285190,31401574,Posted: 27 April,all,Rum10k,"The game is refreshing and a nice entry in the DoW franchise.  Some people are freaking out because it have changed the formula from dow2. Those same people threw fits when DoW2 came out and changed the formula from DoW1... You cant make the austic kids happy now adays.The game is fun as hell. Its a nice push for a more professional scene, and the game play flows very well. The bloom could be turned down juuuust a tad, but as a whole everything you could want in an rts is there.  Think more DoW 1's base building and big armies, with starcraft streamline.This is the first review I've written mainly because the spectrum kids are trashing the game for no reason."
76561197962397576,Recommended,285190,31447513,Posted: 29 April,all,Tony Yorkshire,"For me a combination of ""StarCraft meets Company of heroes"" very happy:)"
76561198062210752,Recommended,285190,31434909,Posted: 29 April,all,Diazon,its good
76561197963621541,Recommended,285190,31407311,Posted: 27 April,all,xInFamousxK20,"Steam generally has a toxic reviewing community so when you combine it with salty fanboys this game isnt getting the credit it deserves. The game is good, fun and runs perfectly fine. That is all."
76561198122846460,Recommended,285190,31650153,Posted: 9 May,all,Brosuffalo,MY SWEET GOODNESS I'M SO SICK OF READING REVIEWS BY CRYBABIES... NO NEED TO♥♥♥♥♥♥ON A GAME BECAUSE YOU'RE BAD. LEARN TO BE MORE OBJECTIVE AND NOT RUIN THE POTENTIAL THIS GAME HAS.By far this is the best Warhammer game out. No this is not table top. No this is not DOW I or II. This is an amazing adaptation of RTS to compete with the current games out now. I find the game to be quite balanced and always entertaining win or lose.
76561198003456959,Recommended,285190,31437803,Posted: 29 April,all,FaustHammer,"This is a perfect mix of the best of DoW1 and DoW2: broad, large, strategic, with a high learning curve and just the right mix of meta- and micro-managing."
76561198282099546,Not Recommended,285190,31413467,Posted: 28 April,all,His,You insult 40K
76561198009387361,Recommended,285190,31411809,Posted: 28 April,all,Gundalf,"I can see the hardcore fans being upset, but for someone like me who never played any of other installments, I have to say its ""Good"".I can see why people are getting mixed on the MOBA perception because of the three lane maps including heros. But RTS elements are main focus for this title.RTS Elements- Base Building, Unit building, resource managment, unit upgrades, strategic unit placement, Rock-Paper-Scissor unit-counters, unique unit abillities, strategic placed resource points,  and I beleive ""Elites"" count as Epic Units in-game and cost a completley different resouce to produceMOBA Elements-3 lane oriented map, enemy core to destroy (but still viable and recommeded to destroy key player unit production buildings), Heroes (but I count them as ""epic Units"")All in all still a fun game within the warhammer universe but still missing some in-game RTS options such as ""Hot-key change/adjust.I really dont think this is a MOBA besides the map designs (sorta). MOBA's normally contain 3 lane oriented maps with self produced units for player heroes to kill to produce resouces which in turn exchanges for in-game items to make the hero stronger to ultimatley destroy the other teams core including map events/buffs.I hope this helps!Oh yea! must give credit where credit is due! NO MICRO TRANSACTIONS! :-)"
,Recommended,285190,31429260,Posted: 28 April,all,Kaizaki89,"Don't understand the hate one bit. Love the gam's vibe, the pace, the WH40k overthetop grittyness, it is all there... I would not listen to all the bad reviews, watch some youtube replays, try it out for yourself. Can't wait to get back in-game and continue the quest to ""git gud"""
76561197962650088,Not Recommended,285190,31401361,Posted: 27 April,all,Yukmout,"Once again GamesWorkshop ♥♥♥♥s everyone in the♥♥♥♥♥ THREE RACES, 70 dollar game. LOL thanks for the money back you god damn idiots."
76561198048477550,Recommended,285190,34971698,Posted: 15 September,all,Energize,"I love this game! I like the grafics, the campaign is nice and I like the whole elite + doctrines sistem it gives the game an original fun and competitive feeling! It would be nice if the devs would make ffa maps or team choice for maps so you can have more than 2 teams and the doctrines need some polish and more content plus I would love if we would have some hero names from other factions except blood ravens for example(I m a fan of dark angels and I would like to have some other ""comander"" than Angelos or at least to give us the option to change the elites name)! Im sorry there are so many fans out there that dont like it, I think its because they espected a Dow 1 remastered and got Dow 3 LOL. I have played a lot of Dow games and I loved first one(Dow1) and I love this one to(Dow3) but didnt like Dow2 to much it felt to restrictive!(now concerning this game, the feeling, I was a bit confused at the beginig with some things for example the voice and quotes of the dreadnought in Dow1 seemed to be more epic for me and when I played this game DOW3 at the begining it felt diffrent in a bad way but I realised that I wasnt playing this game and I was trying to mimic Dow1 in my mind so I imersed in this game without the other games in the past and ended up loving it with its diffrent voice/quotes and the other stuff that I thought was confusing, hei this is DOW3 not Dow1 remastered and its great!) Love the grafics love the gamplay and doctrine sistem, hope they add some more content and polish some of the old ones(this game has a lot of potential!!) Hope to see darkeldar, necrons, tau and chaos soon, hope to see a lowered price because I dont feel the curent one really suits a game like this and feel sorry for the guys who were to obssesed with the old DOW series that they could not evolve and see how good this game is! Its someting like the SC1 lovers who hated SC2 so they got a remaster lol but thats not going to happen here! I give this game a good review 8.5 out of 10!"
76561197961885143,Recommended,285190,31409505,Posted: 27 April,all,theseeman,I like it. Multi is fun once you get the hang of the mechnics. I am still learning. The visuals are detailed and smooth. I made it to the second campaign mission and the map on the first misssions was very detailed and maybe the nicest map I've ever seen in a rts single player campaign. Still trying to finish the first mission of hard after finishing it on normal. The jump to hard feels about right. Multi is enjoyable and to me the classic point control. I will update as I play more.
,Recommended,285190,31445360,Posted: 29 April,all,Vulkan,"After having sunk about 12 hours into the game since launch + a couple of hours when the open beta came out I can say I'm rather enjoying myself.I know fanboys of the first DoW and second DoW with their rose-tinted glasses ''hate"" this game (but still, they own it and play it) but sometimes one has to let go of the past.Relic did a great job in blending DoW and DoW 2 mechanics, although I miss the cover system and more customisations on single units I can't say it's ruining my overall experience.The sound quality fits the aesthetic very well, this being the 41st millenia, the current year of grimdarkness.I just have one gripe - Where are the oter races?I figured that Imperial Guards and Necrons are on their way (IG units being represented as assets in the package). So I'll wait for those wünderbr SEGA (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s tho) DLC's.Relic, keep up the good work.Fanboys who cry - Go f*k yourselvesAll others who also enjoy the game or might not like it - Keep on doing your thing.I for one will keep on playing.Vulkan Lives"
76561198040434448,Recommended,285190,31439275,Posted: 29 April,all,Xalek96,"I orignally hated it, HATED IT to its core, and now, i cant stop coming back to it, idk what happened !"
76561198006844091,Recommended,285190,34344395,Posted: 19 August,all,Draconis_Molakai,"I really only play these games for the campaign and like a lot of other reviews say, this campaign really just felt like the best of DoW1 and 2 smushed together. If there's one glaring oversight it's that all units but hero units are way too expensive and fragile even with full upgrades. The only time this really wasn't noticeable was playing Orks who sort of need a haphazard, slapdash, just throw a bunch of enemies at them mentality. So when I had the resources, I bought any unit I could afford, threw some scrap on them and away I went. I really couldn't do that for the other races because of their low health pools (even tactical marines and terminators were dropping like flies), especially not Eldar where all you're really doing is holding the line while your resources slowly increase so you can save up for a Wraith-anything.I can honestly say the game got better as I got nearer the end though. No spoilers here, but anyone whose played an RTS knows in the campaign you get access to your biggest baddest units at the end. I simply would have liked a bit more access to them for longer before it finished up. I have to say the final level was fun though. If anything the game looks B-E-A-U-TIFUL, but at the end of the day it just made me want to play the 2nd and 1st gen of games again (not Soulstorm... that was not fun).My advice to the creators: pick either a gameplay style a la StarCraft where victory hinges on using a few to several units and their abilities effectively or like DoW2 where you're focused on your heroes, their abilities and kitting them out between missions. The world needs more RTS games and I'd like to see another DoW game defy expectations."
76561198051720621,Recommended,285190,34681824,Posted: 2 September,all,Cheeky basterd,The game is fine if you did not like DOW 2 but enjoyed DOW1.Contentwise nowhere near DOW1.Probably worth 30 bucks if your friends get it too.
76561198022069986,Recommended,285190,31453372,Posted: 29 April,all,Уклоните кебаб,"436Hrs > Soulstorm313Hrs > RetributionIts a great game and i have had alot of fun with it. It doesnt feel anything like a moba which i am glad for, because i hate mobas.The voice acting is amazing (except for the space marine dreadnought, he sounds kinda dumb)The campaign has been fun for what it is, it feels like dow2 retribution campaign where you have hero units fighting along side with the normal line units. But more indepth than retributions campaign. I'm not really happy with being forced to play as the eldar though, because they are straight up dumb and annoying.The multiplayer is pretty fun and it feels more intense than previous games. Its more so a risk reward balancing act where you try to get as many point early game and hold them while being harrassed and harrassing the enemies defenses and point. The hero units adds more to the risk reward feeling where you can get cheaper heros to help you more so in the begininng to dominate the map but if the game drags out long enough and the enemy gets their ""megatier 3 god"" on the field you are doomed. so it adds alot to the sense of urgency to the matches. My favorite combo is Kill team ironmaw, chaplain diomedes and assault terminators. I feel the knights, wraitlords and stompas are a bit ""cheap"" to use because they are nearly indestructable and its not fun when you have one use agaisnt you. I hope they add an option to disable those elites in the future.One Issue i do have with the customization is that it feels kinda weird to have a blood ravens chaptermaster fighting alongside your non blood ravens chapter. (along with jonah and diomedes) I think they should put a helm on jonah and gabe and rename them ""cheif librarian and Chapter master) and let their colors become the same as your chapter. I avoid using gabe because of this.All in all it is very different from the past games which is really good. I have had alot of fun with the games multiplayer.If you want a dow1+dow2 type experience go try out the destroyer mod for DOW2"
,Recommended,285190,31395619,Posted: 27 April,all,D.,"Day 1:Just going through the tutorials (very long). Initial impressionSound are not as great as DOW 2 (bolter,plasma,hammer), wish it would, especially the chainsaw, dude cmon.Graphics are just as expected from the demo given, but better optimisation from the beta at least.Hopefully there is something in the campaignDay 2 :The game has shown some of its flaws(campaign), it does not give the fibe like many other RTSs, for one the campaign really wants you to turtle the majority of mission, as resources are slow to gather.The orcs losses its charm abit, they conversed with more intellect than DOW 1/2, not just smashing.The locks on certain Elites to allow new elites to introduced can be a pain as it sets you to one particular style.Its a new game for sure, purist would not impressed with the way this game is going. Yet going in with the absent of said thinking still does not make it a bad game, steam however does not allow reviewers to stand on the fence, so my recommedation still stands for new people to play the game"
,Recommended,285190,31531378,Posted: 3 May,all,Callum,"(Written as at point of completing campaign on hard, played previous DoW titles.)Very much enjoyed this game, great WOW moments when using unit abilities, absoluting crushing low tier units.Waaagh is one of the best game mechanics I've ever seen.Multiplayer nexus objective' solves a huge problem other RTSs have when one player gets ganged up on.I've read lots of negative reviews about sync kills and other minor issues- this game is better being completely different to the previous installments, and it does its thing well.Huge skill ceiling, with a focus on Micro that makes it incredably fun to play!"
76561198006832417,Not Recommended,285190,34378867,Posted: 20 August,all,Adeptus86,DO not by!
76561198355188020,Recommended,285190,35320545,Posted: 29 September,all,equis,"Getting better. Although it would be nice if we could perhaps pick the Patterns (Of Weapons, Armor, Unit Types, etc...), and maybe the Armor? Like pick between the Mk. IV, V, VI, VII, IX, etc..... Thanks for looking at this comment.P.S.I picked Recommend because I can't seem to be neutral after posting a review."
76561198010071055,Recommended,285190,31429788,Posted: 28 April,all,Beevers,"Personally, I enjoy the game.Correct, is isn't DoW 1 or DoW 2. But I don't need or want it to be.I hope it has a bright future and gets better."
76561198066112247,Recommended,285190,31418397,Posted: 28 April,all,SGTmurder,"If your fan of star craft Buy it! your fan of warhammer buy it! Dont know why there is all the hate?!?!?! Played last night till i almost passed out max graphics turned all the way up only crashed one time =(..... Honest review.... Stil plays great looks good and 17 missions that you could spend hours just on one mission.im only on mission 9 too!!!! almost 14 hours played!!! have not even touched the multiplayer. Yes you can paint your army and level up your heros and change there skin so that would be some customizing just needs to be expanded on a little...So all the people that said there is none of that they lied or didnt look or play enough to see how they did the progression for the elite units. other than that its a good game gory, bloody and entertaining!!!!"
76561198002227867,Recommended,285190,32854459,Posted: 27 June,all,cms186,"Excellent game set in the wonderful Warhammer 40k universe, would reccomend to any fans of previous DOW games or the 40k universe, great fun!"
76561198001598925,Recommended,285190,32500959,Posted: 17 June,all,scottystephen,"Great game with immense potential. I guess there just needs to be a lot more units, base building potential, resource gathering, and balancing to bring the units into play which should be more customisable. The basics are there and done really well. I just need more content like the previous games.I know these will come, just like they did with Dawn of war I and II. people are comparing version 1 with the 5th installment for DOW I which is stupid. We dont necessarily need massive armies but we want to connect with the units we build by upgrading them and damn i want them to heal on their own in the field. I hate having to drag them back and fourth.The most dissapointing part however is the campaign. It wouldnt take much effort to have a world based system like DOW 2 where i can dominate a solar system or god forbid a galaxy and then smash MP. the campiagn was a mere introduction and swapping about the factions makes no sense becasue i dont like to play as the orks. Even though they are amazingly developed i would easily use them in MP.Looking forward to more updates. finally i feel we are getting responses that show we are going in the right direction."
76561198006570154,Recommended,285190,31566351,Posted: 5 May,all,Calon,"This game is great in its own right. It is more like DOW1 than DOW2. The single player rotates between Space Marines, Orks, and Eldar; this is why the RPG equipment aspect from DOW2 was removed. The negative votes are all nonsense and fussing over nothing. Campaign runs about 15-20 hours and has a good story that is typical of Dawn of War flavour. While the official multiplayer maps may be limited, a source of many complaints, there are however dozens of player-created maps already."
76561198007053174,Recommended,285190,34651684,Posted: 31 August,all,beefy_supreme,"As a long time fan of the Dawn of War series, I found this game to be very entertaining however the player base in multiplayer was not that high... it is a true return to form as I couldn't quite get into the multiplayer experience in DoW2 but I loved the story and can't wait for possible DLC in the future."
76561198007797124,Recommended,285190,35170153,Posted: 23 September,all,silentgrunt13,"Im a huge warhammer fan, So I had to get it. Out of all the DOW games this one just isn't the best. Still waiting for DOW to be like The Dark Crusade again. If you are dedicated to the Warhammer world, give it a go for a ""little"" bit of fun. Otherwise just pass on this game. Nothing too special and nothing that will really excite you about playing it."
76561197980471251,Recommended,285190,34682650,Posted: 2 September,all,Seter17,Game was♥♥♥♥♥♥until i found that holding ALT allows to use classic WASD control of camera. Since then game became a cool RTS strategy with interesting new mechanincs. Good Work!P.S.Combat group management and UI is still♥♥♥♥♥♥- ALT can't help with that =)
76561198045396525,Recommended,285190,34676707,Posted: 1 September,all,Patton1944,I have no idea why the games is recieving so much negativity. I found the campaign incredibly enjoyable and what little multiplayer I've done has been pretty fun. If you're just in it for the campaign you might want to wait for a sale though. If this game is on sale then I would reccomend at the very least trying it out.
,Not Recommended,285190,31397082,Posted: 27 April,all,Anonysaurus,Poor covers. Refunded.
76561198129689921,Not Recommended,285190,31605176,Posted: 7 May,all,Windows vista,"WHAT! AFTER 20 HOURS OF DOWNLOADING. IT WON'T PLAY? GOD DAMNIT! FOURTY QUID DOWN THE BLOODY DRAIN...DON'T GET THIS GAME, GET SOMETHING BETTER."
,Recommended,285190,31430000,Posted: 28 April,all,TonyTonto,"Great game, could use some more content but im hoping relic releases some free updates."
76561197971743719,Recommended,285190,31429855,Posted: 28 April,all,"Vero, at last.",Fun and quick RTS in the Grim Dark future of Warhammer 40k. Feels like a good blend of DoWI and DoWII between base building and small unit tactics. Enough units in terms of elites and army wide buffs to tailor to a wide range of playstyles.Nothing bad to say about it.
,Recommended,285190,31674053,Posted: 10 May,all,TheOmegaSnake94,"Great game. Amazing visuals. Couldn't be better, very competitive, too many salty reviews.  Play this good♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198069147438,Recommended,285190,31675596,Posted: 10 May,all,BERKSHiREBoB,"As a Dota 2 player, this was exactly what I was looking for in an ""RTS"". MUCH easier than something like SC2 but still challenging. This is my first 40k game so my review will not please the long time warhammer seeker. Im having a great time with it. Looks good, runs good, plays good."
76561197965912999,Recommended,285190,34496860,Posted: 25 August,all,Sorta Greg,"I got it for 50% off so that helps.  I've only played the campaign about haflway and already pretty much everything Gorgutz does is amazing.  Angelos is at least not as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as some previous main character space marines.  The eldar ♥♥♥♥ery is pretty straight up eldar ♥♥♥♥ery.I'm not going to sit here and argue points.  I like it.  If you don't and you think I'm missing some kind of depth in gaming that's certainly your right, but I am getting 30 dollars worth of escapism out of it."
76561198049615714,Recommended,285190,33155518,Posted: 2 July,all,Milk Boy,I like it but it definetly needs more!
76561197980744687,Recommended,285190,34671389,Posted: 1 September,all,LiWa,"Bad first impression (cartoonish terrain and effects, slow/boring campaign start, very limited camera zoom) but defenitly getting better and at least worth it for 50% off (more interesting missions, bigger multi-stage maps, a lot of different units, elite units and abilities, races do really feel/play different, good atmoshperic sound and voices)."
76561197970433771,Recommended,285190,31431477,Posted: 28 April,all,Neofightr,A very satisfying campaign so far.Pros-Wonderful presentation with top notch voice talent.-Terrific graphics and great detail during combat. Hign-end users will be very pleased.-Top notch sound fx. Really great stuff.-Deep gameplay mechanics with lots of variety in abilities etc.Cons-Disappointing number of multiplayer maps-AI in skirmish maybe a little weak.-interface is a little rough in certain parts of the campaignI would have liked to have seen the meta game return from DoW1 and hope it somehow comes out in an expansion.I also hope to see lots of new factions available in DLC.Update: After finally revisiting the game with patches I am very happy to say the AI is enjoyable and I am loving skirmish mode. I am racking up the hours in this game because the action is beautiful and deep.
76561198007899840,Recommended,285190,33414336,Posted: 9 July,all,Savra Refumee,"Alright, lets talk real shall we? I have played every dawn of war since the start, It is what got me into 40k its self, as well as warhammer clasic. So I am a fan of the games and the lores, so Why did I recommend this game? Well Let me explainI agree, this game is so casual and easy its at times a bore to play, and yes the game feels so unfinished and lacking or any soul. Its like there is nothing left for them to do, and I know relic can do better thent his So why recommend it if you have so many bad aspects?Simple, There is fun to be had, I like the system for the elite, I like gettign better at useing the units, and fighting in the bot matches. But thats it, I like this game to a point, Its not for the hardcore fans, Its really just for someone looking for an easy RTS to play for a while"
76561198029994344,Not Recommended,285190,31473654,Posted: 30 April,all,Atomic-viper,Honestly... this feels like an alpha where they just limit us to 3 of the factions... oh wait there is only 3... dont worry more factions have been announce and will be released down the line... for only £15 or some **** like that... i expected atleast each faction to be fleshed out... but im pretty sure even Dow 2 had more units for each different faction. graphics upgrade. everything else... well...
,Recommended,285190,31440502,Posted: 29 April,all,N0-37,"I like it, dunno about Angolosis magic flip as I should imagine that exceeds the ability of the primarchs or Emporor. Army painter is not right either but it is a fun game."
76561198411954032,Recommended,285190,34751603,Posted: 5 September,all,Linkinpark276,I love the game
76561197971326056,Recommended,285190,34648814,Posted: 31 August,all,Packet,"Wow Wow Wow or Dow Dow Dow!What an amazing comeback from a franchise we feared long since passed into the realm of chaos!Amazing visuals, stunning effects, and true to the spirit of DOW 1 in a way i'm not only excited for but really enjoying playing.Having completed a mission as each race (sadly my only gripe is this rotating faction system in the campaign) I am loving each race and will forgive no chaos campaign element.Many of the units, characters and systems are very familiar to DOW 1 players and its really nice to have huge armies scrapping it out in utter chaos on the battle field.If you (like i) got the 50% off coupon this game is a steal and well worth it. Even with some poor UI and main menu decisions this game is, at its core, an excellent return to the massive army base building origins of Dawn of War and commend the work of the team in getting this together as they have.Disclaimer: I have (as yet) not tried MP or skirmish against the AI, but given the return to larger armies (and a army cap remover mod in the workshop) i expect great things!May Tzeench bless Relic and I wish them many a DLC or addition to this game!"
,Recommended,285190,32499983,Posted: 17 June,all,Roark,"Although many people have stated this game is horrible and the death of a franchise, I believe it is not. The Dawn of War games have always been RTS strategies but they have all taken on different identities, and Dawn of War III is a good legacy for those who found both Dawn of War's massive battles and Dawn of War II's customization of how they approach battle great features. And although this game does have problems and people find it underwelming, it is not meant to be a replacement in my eyes, just another fun addition to the other Dawn of War titles for people who like a bit of both.I would personally love to see this game come to thrive as much as the other two titles in the series have and gain many factions and mods like its sister titles. Long live the Adeptus Mechancius!"
76561198043589566,Recommended,285190,34540226,Posted: 27 August,all,philipbowles2003,"I was always planning to look into DoW III once the price fell, and was curious enough to pick it up at 50% off although I went in with low expectations given that it appeared to be a MOBA where you just create your own 'creeps' while heroes battle it out, and I was soured on the hero-centric gameplay of DoW II.Possibly because my expectations going in were low, I've so far been more pleasantly surprised than the majority of user reviews would lead me to expect. And it's true that, like some of them, I sometimes neglect the fact that Dawn of War isn't Company of Heroes (no DoW game has ever made much use of destructible cover, for instance). It also helps that - while it isn't there by any means - the game feels a lot closer to DoW than DoW II. The latter game had a good first campaign and the potential to be a good tactical game, but was much too heavily-focused on hero units, an issue further exacerbated by their lack of diversity (to the extent that most races had a hero with essentially duplicate abilities).DoW III ultimately tries to marry the scale of a game like Starcraft with the tactical play of DoW. From limited custom battle experience so far, it partially succeeds. The map structure is very typically DoW, which produces the same early gameplay of taking points around your base before moving into the centre to fight - and with the tiered structure of DoW 3 matches, which sadly ditch the victory point mechanic, the victor attempts to push on towards the enemy base. Units have clear tactical roles and DoW has perhaps the best unit selection interface of any DoW or CoH game, making it clean and simple to switch between units and unit types mid-combat. Activated abilities are mostly situational effects like grenades or elite support or jump abilities, in DoW fashion, rather than SC2 button-mashing. Going into the game without preconceptions about how it matches up with DoW I, it succeeds in having a DoW feel - and certainly moreso than DoW II ever did,The most obvious place the comparison fails is the one that has caused all the rants: the cover system is, to all intents and purposes, gone. This isn't as big a deal in practice as a player naive to the franchise might think, as cover in the 40k universe (in DoW or otherwise) does nothing in assault and most armies have fast, dedicated assault units for shifting units from cover - jumping in with Assault Marines ceases to be a tactically interesting decision remarkably quickly. Once again, this is not Company of Heroes and cover in DoW is more of a flavour thing in most cases than a major game mechanic.The new force dome system loses all of that flavour (is there a good reason these couldn't simply have been represented as buildings? Nondirectional, destructible cover that enemy melee units can attack into and within which troops are susceptible to grenades - aside from being completely open-topped this is basically the way buildings work in CoH). In terms of actual gameplay it's not functionally very different, although it doesn't reward flanking (save for Bonesinger force barriers) , butits placement on the maps I've seen is restricted to defensive areas near bases, and so it's never very relevant in combat unless one side is already badly losing, in which case it only offers a brief reprieve. The potentially interesting concept of stealth cover may not have made it out of the campaign (not sure about that, as at least one hero has an ability that makes use of it), stealth instead being purely a unit attribute.Speaking of the campaign, sadly pretty much every negative review is spot on. The Ork campaign missions are entertainingly-scripted and the Ork units have the best lines and voice acting in the game, but Relic has long since given up caring enough to put in the attention to detail that gave the Falcon a line about transporting Eldanesh in the first game. The Eldar campaign is a particularly egregious offence against flavour, but at least Relic has some past precedent as an excuse here: they've had three entire DoW games of failing to get the Eldar flavour right, although they've previously done at least a better job with such basics as the chain of command, the differences between Craftworlds, and the actual background of unit types. The most disappointing, however, is the Marine campaign, simply because Relic has previously done a generally good job at portraying the Imperium (with the odd stretch here and there where a campaign demanded it, such as Winter Assault's Guard commander acting on equal terms with the Marine leader, and being respected as such by the Marines) - and DoW1's Imperial voice acting was spot-on flavourwise. That clumsiness extends to unit models, with Tac Marine squads that obtain upgrades now upgrading every model with a plasma gun or flamer.Gameplay wise the missions are overlong (some can be more than an hour) and I've been burned by not saving (there's no autosave function) - twice from an actual mission loss, but once from a bug crashing the game right at the last part of the mission, and oddly-structured: after three missions introducing each army's basic units, the entire roster is unlocked and the main focus switches to elites. Despite that, several later missions have tutorial-level tasks such as relocating an Eldar base, which you probably mastered while completing earlier missions (just in case you were still hazy on it, that particular mission requires you to do it three times). I'm not even sure how useful a lesson that is to learn given that MP maps are small enough that it seems unlikely you'll often use this ability. There's also a tension between the elite suggestions for each mission (which aim to introduce you to most of the available elite options) and a game reward for getting elites to level 8 (unlocking non-purchasable army doctrines, which is going to encourage you to take elites with good doctrines on every mission until they hit level 8).Overall, this is a game I'd recommend at a discount - it plays like a capable mid-tier RTS and is at least recognisable for its links to 40k despite the regression towards generic lines and voice acting for the Eldar and Marines, and some strange unit choices (Fire Dragons are no more, and in their place we have Shadow Spectres. While that's interesting gameplay-wise, and skimmers seem intrinsically very good in DoW III, these Shadow Spectres are long-ranged anti-tank units while their tabletop counterparts are short-ranged and best against armoured infantry)."
76561197973588612,Recommended,285190,34767428,Posted: 5 September,all,j.clifford1,Game is very fun a mix betwwen DOQ & DOW2
,Recommended,285190,34461614,Posted: 24 August,all,The fuck no one gives [Epic],"I've read lots of negative criticisms about this game. Anyway I received a 50% coupon so I decided to bought it anyway, because I love warhammer 40k world, and I have lots of videogames of the warhammer series.Ok now i will start the real review of this game: it's not like Dow 2, this game is more likely StarCraft or age of empires, look, this is NOT StarCraft 2, it""s not that hard(my personal opinion). BUT, I think this game is really great, warhammer 40k universe, a little strategy needed. I really like this game, and anyway it will talk for himself, I don't understand all those critics to this game, I think it's amazing.Ho letto un sacco di recensioni negative su questo gioco. Comunque dopo aver ricevuto un coupon di sconto da 50% ho deciso di prenderlo perché amo l'universo di Warhammer 40k.Questo gioco non assomiglia a dow2, è molto più simile a StarCraft o Age of empires, attenzione che però questo gioco NON è StarCraft , meno complesso (dal mio punto di vista). MA questo gioco mi piace un sacco : ambientato nel mondo di Warhammer 40k e con il bisogno di un po' di strategia. Mi piace parecchio questo gioco ma parlerà di se stesso da solo. Non capisco tutte queste critiche a questo gioco, penso sia fantastico."
,Recommended,285190,31936952,Posted: 24 May,all,Def,"At 60$ this game is overpriced when looked at the content it provides. A very linear campaign and only 3 races at start. But I got the game for 30$ at some retail shop, at which point the amount of content seems very sufficient.People often compare Dawn of War 3 to the state of Dawn of War 1 and Dawn of War 2 after years of patches and several expansions which is not a fair comparison. Of course these games would look more polished. But looking at the state of all these games at release, Dawn of War 3 is the most polished. It has only very few game breaking bugs. People seem to forget how buggy e.g. Dawn of war 2 was at release.Cons:- Little content at release- Linear campaign- Visuals are not to everybody's taste- Some sound effects seem out of placePros:+ Runs very good (even my 5 year old notebook is running it pretty well)+ Few bugs+ Multiplayer is fun+ Auto-Reconnect in Multiplayer+ Good (but not perfect) ingame manual and visual hints on what is going on, compared to Dawn of War 2+ Balance at release is not horrible (as in: with enough micro you can beat any cheese)+ Interesting Gimmicks for each race, which makes them unique (SM: Droppods, Eldar: Shield and Fleet of Foot, Orks: Waaagh-Towers and Scrap)+ Atmospheric background music+ Landscape destruction and dead bodies are permanent (has no change on gameplay though)Currently, the balance is not good, but that is to be expected of a RTS game at release."
,Recommended,285190,31952615,Posted: 25 May,all,bwahahahaha,"As someone who played all Dawn of War games released so far, here is my review:Pros:- Great Visuals: The game has some pretty good 3D character models and enviroments, and manages to looks gorgeous sometimes.- Easy to learn, hard to master: Dawn of War 3 is arguably the most acessible game in the entire franchise.- Elite Units: I was skeptical of them at first, but they turned out to be a nice addition to the franchise. You can still win without using them, though, although it's gonna be a lot harder.- Base Building is back. Yay !!!!!!!!- Power Core: One of the most fun game modes i've seen in an RTS. It actually prevents players from base rushing, which is great.- Campaign: The entire campaign plot is one big fanservice to longtime Dawn of War fans. We have several returning characters, such as Macha (which has been absent since DoW 1) and Jonah Orion (missing since Chaos Rising). Fans of the tabletop Eldar army might enjoy the fact that Jain Zar is here too. The game nails the mood of the WH40K universe in a great way too.Cons:- No cover system: This was a great feature relic brought from Company of Heroes to Dawn of War 2. The ""cover system"" in Dawn of War 3 (which consists of hiding behind a shield in specific parts of the map) feels lackluster. This game is less about tactics and more about micromanaging- Campaign: The fact that the campaign hops from one race to another every mission makes its presentation feel confusing, and takes away from the player the feeling that you are starting to master a certain race after a specific amount of missions, since the gameplay for each race is completely different.- The multiplayer has only a single game mode: Power Core. Dawn of War 2, for example, had two different game modes (Conquest and Annihilation)Dawn of War 3 might not be on the same level DoW 1 and 2 were, but it's still a good game and a solid RTS, so I give this game a positive review."
76561198009074031,Recommended,285190,31492913,Posted: 1 May,all,Mighty Ranki,40k/40k would purge these Heretics again.For the Emperor!
76561198008329790,Recommended,285190,31673945,Posted: 10 May,all,Darth Brandon,"This is not dow 1 or 2 it's somewhere in between. It's more like dow 1 which i much prefered. This game is lacking some stuff that will be added later with dlc like extra races and, game modes but, if you want more dow. Which i really did. This will scratch that urge. The three races are fun to play and, from what ive seen there pretty balanced. I never felt like i coulndn't win a certain matchup but, i mainly play vs ai.All in all this game has flaws but, I enjoy my time with it and, i can't wait to see more."
76561198177860855,Recommended,285190,31894997,Posted: 21 May,all,ShadowPanzer52,Love it a mix of the first and second dawn of wars plus a new way to play
76561198026660847,Recommended,285190,31464229,Posted: 30 April,all,YOUR MOVES ARE WEAK,"To be honest, I am disappointedbutRTS/MOBA is something fresh to me and I like it"
76561198012360622,Recommended,285190,31663656,Posted: 10 May,all,Corrim,"Decent game, fun to play, takes time to master.I never played DoW2, only the first. This is a good mix of that, CoH, and other RTS games. You can use heroes; they are balanced, they aren't OP, it's a strategy game. You can bring the biggest ones down fairly easily if you have resources and the right units. That's what some people struggle with. They get confused and upset becase they thought they could steamroll the world with an army of weak-af infantry, then don't understand why they lost. So they have a tantrum and call the game a MOBA... lols"
76561197962587438,Recommended,285190,31457116,Posted: 30 April,all,==Fleabot==,"Great Game! Cool mechanics, will evolve over time like all RTS."
76561198040141052,Recommended,285190,31868265,Posted: 20 May,all,Briga,I must say that while this is a good game its not as good as Dark Crusade. It was always a tough choice to try to merge DOW 1 and 2 given how different they play and I think that shows.This is a game that grows on you rather than a love at first sight but it is worth it if you are a fan of the series.I'm hoping that relice fixes the remaining balance issues *cough*Eldar!*cough* and we get some good expansions with Chaos and Necrons and other races being introduced.
76561197980299571,Recommended,285190,32286781,Posted: 9 June,all,Nasharan,"Nice RTS, some micro management but not closely as much as in SC2. Also, I'm glad that base building and larger armies have returned. I didn't like the small-scale combat in DoW2."
76561198006718974,Not Recommended,285190,31413682,Posted: 28 April,all,Glaeken,"So I received a 50 % coupon to buy (again) DoW 3 ... I laughed ! With a hint of sadness though, given how much I loved the previous installments and how I was expecting the third iteration to combine both of their qualities.I could only be disappointed to how this poor pathetic thing has been dumbed down and stripped of every aspects that made DoW 1 & 2 unique and enjoyable games.I don't blame the devs. I most likely blame those who makes decisions, like marketing & financials numbnuts suit-and-tie mofos with a cash register between their ears. So obsessed with conquering new audiences that they forget to respect the fanbase (especially critical in the case of Games Workshop products based games !..). I can see those ""geniuses"" going like : ""hey let's make the new e-sport cash machine ! This $h*ts make some serious dough !! Am I right ? Right I am, give me 5 bro"" ...As a final result we got a product that satisfied neither the WH40K / DoW 1 & 2 fanbase nor it attracted the Moba / e-sport crowd ...Now Sega could order Relic to rework the game entirely to try to meet the expectations of the vast majority of Dawn of War players but it seems highly unlikely. In fact, I think I'll most surely have a shot at riding a unicorn to work before that revamp happens !..And now, the greedy corporate dummies are so desperate to sell this steaming pile of disappointment that they cut the price by half for some of us, not even 5 months after its release. If this move doesn't sign ""poster boy for epic fail"" I dunno what does ..."
76561198044641333,Recommended,285190,31685318,Posted: 11 May,all,massey.52,ProsHas DakkaConsNeeds More Dakka
,Recommended,285190,31486115,Posted: 1 May,all,Azrael,"Takes a while to get the hang of, it's a complicated beast, but after you put a bit of time into it comes to life. Layers of strategy start to open up, and what before looked like hopeless situations, are challenges that can be over come. That's when the rewards start really flowing and the game comes to life!Yes, the out of game UI and UX is utterly terrible, and the in game one could do with a bit of polish no doubt, but Relic have spent their time and budget where it matters most, the gameplay. If you bounce off it and move on, fair enough, but remember it is a strategy game and to a large extent they have to be learned to be truly enjoyed."
76561198021683560,Recommended,285190,31491193,Posted: 1 May,all,Potato,You can automatically dismiss all the reviews that say this is a MOBA because they have no idea what they're talking about.
76561197965749857,Recommended,285190,31937591,Posted: 24 May,all,WilPr0,"So far ive mainly stuck to Multiplayer and while i do recommend the game its also got its downside which i hope will actually get addressed soon-ish otherwise playerbase will just drop:1. Its only really enjoyable with friends as if you try team up with 1 or 2 other(s) then 90% of the time you will have team mates that dont fully understand how the game works and tend to leave after losing their first fight.2. I get the feeling there is no real come back mechanic and the wining team is determined within the first 5 minutes3. Early game Eldar are stupidly strong4. Listening posts - near enough useless and are no real threat even in early game4. Strategic Points - if you dont hold the middle ones you've lost, personally i would have thought ones close to the base should be more valuable and the middle ones should just give a tiny edge when really they give too big advantage causing a massive snowball effect.5. Too few offical maps"
,Recommended,285190,31420273,Posted: 28 April,all,SidKiller,"As HUGE DoW 1 and DoW 2  fan  I was not suprised to see this game be diffrent than the first  2 . Its a good game the multipplayer battels get  very intence in a close match. The game dose not play like a MOBA , it is a mix of DoW 1 and  DoW 2  in terms of multiplayer.. Eliet units are VERY strong  but have clear counters , They can go from owning a whole army to dead in 10 secounds once you figure out how to  play with them and against them .ProSLarge battelsgood control'sPathing is best of the series so farEliet units are god likebase building is quick and streamlined ( back end micro is limited )main focous of combat is  units micro and ability useage / dodgeforward position keep the combat near constantConsThe grafhic seem to bright  and clean not dark enoughf for a 40k titel a step back from DOW 1 and 2Eliet units are difficult to deal with untill mechanics are understoodBalance is usual relic on launch ,♥♥♥♥♥♥Matchmaking system is garbage , Whares the ranked  ?Matches are to long  25 miniuts is a short match dew to having to have at least tier 2  in order to push a deffensive tower close  matches can last 35 -50 miniuts !!!All in all id say its a great game that needs work a good start for a DoW titel .P.S. THIS GAME IS NOT A MOBA ITS A RTS STRIGHT UP . The MOBA elements are only in the foarm of a deffended base with towers and such that is all ."
,Recommended,285190,31400921,Posted: 27 April,all,Guru,"This is not Dawn of War 1. Do not buy this if you want Dawn of War 1.This is not Dawn of War 2. Do not buy this if you want Dawn of War 2.The game is not bad by any means. From the perspective of a long time tabletop player, it's very good. I do wish there were more Multiplayer modes rather than ""Power Core"", and I do wish that the unit rosters were more fleshed out, but the game itself is fun, well optimized, and I personally think it looks great.Be wary of people who wanted Dawn of War 1:2, or Dawn of War 2:2. This is neither. This is Dawn of War 3."
76561197964172260,Recommended,285190,31547245,Posted: 4 May,all,Cold Cash,"Its a nice game which doesnt deserve all the ranting.Havent played it much yet and I find the campaign dull(Nothing to do with the game, rather that I dont like the old fashioned linear progression thing, to unlock units etc. etc.)The multiplayer seems really fun and has actually caught my attention.Like it so far."
76561198000569478,Recommended,285190,31414808,Posted: 28 April,all,P42ALPHA,Amazing Fun!!!!!
76561198007383657,Recommended,285190,31428019,Posted: 28 April,all,presh1,"REcommended but with reservationsIve waited a long time for this, and feel theres a lot of good in it.  It s very similar to CoH2 which I dislike but not this for some reason.Ive played W40K since the first edition rule book and each update for the game changed it in different ways, the same goes for the PC games I loved DoW1, great story,  loathed DoW2, endless repetition , enjoyed Dark Crusade,bit more strategic thinking needed,  disliked Soulstorm, added two weak races,.But DoW3 has something different going for it feels more like  any  Red Alert game going, build a massive army and pile in, but Im rather enjoying it TBH  reminds me of how I used to play the table top game, I  would have preferred a split campaign  like Winter assault  as i dislike the pointy eared eldar.  No game will ever encompass the the whole 40k universe and Im glad this doesnt.Finally Its pleasing on the eye I dont find it cartoony at all and having read a lot of the 40k books theres a lot of Matrix/Martial Arts  style combat in them so I dont  get upset over a bit of graphic licence.  Im sure theres more to come for this game so if your unsure about this get it when its cheaper and expanded the franchise a bit more"
,Recommended,285190,31478894,Posted: 30 April,all,Sv3ny,Excellent game
76561198003020559,Recommended,285190,31465070,Posted: 30 April,all,Mitzelplick,"Well, just saying, I ♥♥♥♥ing HATE MOBA games. I think LOL, DOTA and HoS are garbage. I am an RTS fiend. Started with the Original Stargraft, C&C games, DOW1&2, and any other rts title i can get my hands on. ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE this game. People are just ♥♥♥♥♥y because of the lanes in some maps, and 3 hero units per side. Hero units wiping out regular troops is hardly anything new in an RTS. Look at DOW2. Lanes are nothing new in RTS either. there were plenty of C&C maps that had choke points, and pathways to protect. The addition of A generator, shitld and turret is actually quite a good gameplay mixup. Zerging gets you ♥♥♥♥ed up. you have to use..Wait for it, Strategy. Im sure also later on there will be an addition of larger scale maps without the lanes and the generator setup for those who cant get over it, either official or a MOD. But, in anyevent, had i listened to the haters and not gotten this, i would have been missing out."
,Recommended,285190,31472617,Posted: 30 April,all,Manwell,The game is good.
76561198047402107,Recommended,285190,31453843,Posted: 29 April,all,tennisbum639,"Not sure why all the negative reviews.  Really enjoying this game so far.  If you like RTS games, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,285190,31817478,Posted: 18 May,all,𝓧𝔂𝓭𝓻,"I liked the game quite a bit so far... even if it's a bit more basic than DoW2. Until the memory situation got worse on the may 8th patch, now the game crashes when I load campaign (even multiple save files) and the menu is jacked up in terms of mouse movement. Come on."
76561198038822734,Recommended,285190,31435021,Posted: 29 April,all,Greymatter,"Its a lot better than what people are saying. Im a old school rts guy, and ive enjoyed the game so far. Its worth a buy imo."
,Not Recommended,285190,31606746,Posted: 7 May,all,Infinitynull,"This is sad, someone put this game out of it's misery before I do."
76561197971255739,Not Recommended,285190,34358606,Posted: 19 August,all,Wessaen,"This game is terrible, no two ways about it. It's so bad, it motivated me to finally write a review about a game. And I didn't even do that for C&C 4."
76561198163279826,Not Recommended,285190,31497933,Posted: 1 May,all,A Bourgeois Turnip,"Not for fans of the series, to be honest I'm not really sure who the game is for. Considering the franchise is known and loved for one thing, it seems like a completely backwards idea to change it (which would be receptive if it was well done, but it isn't). The campaign is laughable and the hybrid RPG/MOBA style kind of works, but kind of isn't really good enough. Don't bother."
76561198113956803,Recommended,285190,32228417,Posted: 6 June,all,matach,"The game is fun, its not soulstorm but its fun. I don't get why all the neckbeards are angry.Bring back soulstorm"
76561198037176407,Recommended,285190,31813950,Posted: 17 May,all,Moserath,Great campaign and multiplayer is pretty good. Will likely improve with updates and DLC. Do recommend
76561198047380697,Recommended,285190,34563421,Posted: 28 August,all,Ryusquall,"Makes me lol all the crying reviews about this game how it is not DOW 1 or 2 and ive played a lot of DOW 1 and 2 so why would i want to play the exact same game again ? if you guys want an updated graphics of DOW 1 beg the developers for a HD remake and stop expecting DOW 3 to be the same,in fact i actually have been enjoying the game so far just needs some more races - but please relic release chaos and imperial guards and please add no elite mode to the skirmish."
76561198015302352,Recommended,285190,31417310,Posted: 28 April,all,我会喂,"people are hating on this game for pretty much only 1 big reason:its not EXCACTLY the way, THEY think its supposed to be.e.g. it's not enough like dow2; it's not enough like dow1; it's not enough both of the games mixed; it's a moba (srsly!?); it has lanes(!?)[at least it has any map design, unlike dow2]; it has no dow2 guard system (the most disgusting thing ive ever seen in a rts); it has no huge battles (the possible army size is actually pretty huge, u just don't get to that point in every game) and this goes on and on....actually it is a very good game on its own and ppl are frustrated shitkids, living in the past..(i played lots in the closed beta and open beta, and im not that interested in campaign, but as far as i know it isnt all too bad. And at last, there is no ingame purchaseable stuff as of now, everything is ment to be unlocked with ""skulls"" which are plentyful)"
76561198353983264,Recommended,285190,31401638,Posted: 27 April,all,Mowgli Bear,Games great! Very competitve.  Well done Relic!
,Not Recommended,285190,31448730,Posted: 29 April,all,BIG_THE_ENCHILADA,"The tutorial doesn't even work. If you want to play a buggy MOBA, there's always heroes of newerth"
76561198021094224,Not Recommended,285190,31572033,Posted: 5 May,all,alex_cinque,Wouldn't let me move the map with keyboard and won't let you change keybinding. Otherwise would be a good game.
,Recommended,285190,31420274,Posted: 28 April,all,Hexd0m,a solid 4 out of 5 from a dw 1 and 2 player wish ther was more but i expect dlc and i want a dam apothecary !!!
76561198033132301,Recommended,285190,31413147,Posted: 28 April,all,EckyThump,Meh
76561198012770524,Recommended,285190,31455659,Posted: 29 April,all,BangSplatt,"I loved Dawn of War since it came out so it was an easy buy for me!One issue I discovered almost immidiatly was the fact that for some reason I am unable to play in fullscreen, and the bottom of my screen is covered with my taskbar so I can not see part of my minimap, also it is extremely finnicy to look down all together.  Once this is fixed, an easy 10/10 for me"
76561198007809895,Recommended,285190,31455567,Posted: 29 April,all,Winters Iron,"I like it more than I thought I would. Does take some time however, steep learning curve but well worth it"
76561198045156681,Recommended,285190,31667653,Posted: 10 May,all,The Emperor,DAKA DAKA DAKA!
76561198083149984,Recommended,285190,31546763,Posted: 4 May,all,Cough,Wait and hope！
76561198062589681,Recommended,285190,31405792,Posted: 27 April,all,Warhawk No Friends,"Great game, don't listen to the fedora-wearing crybabies. It's not a MOBA, it's an RTS. I enjoy this game, has a WC3 feel with the elites."
,Recommended,285190,31517551,Posted: 2 May,all,Madnessjames21,Good on its own if u dont compare it to DOW 1/2A strong RTS not amazing but well rounded and grounded
76561198351132096,Recommended,285190,31455901,Posted: 29 April,all,DCGaming1o1,"Amazing game.  Definitely catches the universe of Warhammer: 40k.  That being said...It seems to me, what is happening to this game is that a bunch of followers, not leaders, are jumping on the band wagon of hate...either because of stupidity, lack of will power, or hell, they just werent cut out for the Space Marines.I have followed this game for over a year, and anxiously awaited its arrival.  I too was almost sucked into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of this game being a ""MOBA"", however, I just do not see that it is.  You control entire armies with elites, not just 1 elite like a MOBA, DUH!!!  Secondly, people complained that the game is not ""dark enough"", but what darkness do they speak off?  When DOW 1 came out over 10 years ago, it was nitty-gritty, due to the fact of where the gaming industry was, as far as graphical power..♥♥♥♥♥♥was not polished at all.  I am not sure how many PC gamers are aware of this, but if you want to capture the essence of DOW 1, put 3 on ultra low settings, and guess what?  TURN YOUR MONITORS BRIGHTNESS DOWN, that what you get with 1.  Look at DOW 3 today, and what we see is a beautfiully polished 40k game that speaks to the tabletop, and RTS style.I have the lucky opportunity to play this game maxed out, and wow, it is beautiful.  The bodies of the dead stick around way longer, as does the blood.  It is ruthless, bloody, and gorgeous.Give the game a shot, and be able to think for yourself, and not follow others negativity - or stupidity.  I say stupid because there was a plethora of information on the internet that represented what the game is.  There were no lies, no deceit, the company was honest."
,Recommended,285190,31496550,Posted: 1 May,all,Surg,"Highly Enjoyable RTS, If you are true to Warhammer 40k this is a must own title.It's the core version and more content will be released in the future."
76561198006597845,Recommended,285190,31536971,Posted: 4 May,all,[4L4L]Aya Watsuji,Legit one of the best RTS games out there. Only COH2 can top this amazing game.Don't pay attention to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hating on it becuase it's not DOW1 reskinned or because some youtube personality told them so.
,Not Recommended,285190,34418066,Posted: 22 August,all,DeepShrekFantasies,"nobody would buy a trash, but what if it was on half price?-random jew who got shilled by 50% discount coupon"
,Recommended,285190,34691997,Posted: 2 September,all,duckduckseduce,"As a long time 40k fan I warn you not to be fooled by the plethora of negative reviews. 40k fans are some of the pickiest people on this Earth, and I don't mean this just in jest. Is this game the best DoW game? No. Is it the worst of the 7 before it? Hell no. I do admit the game multiplayer was lacking a bit upon release but since then a multitude of game modes have been added making it worthwhile, although I think the campaign alone makes up for the price of the game. Unlike many of the DoW games each faction (as they are now) are balanced and the elite mechanic, although not as in depth as persay the hero mechanic in DoW2 is  a very fun feature. The graphics are the best in the series thus far, as to be expected and the sounds, music, and voice acting are on par with the most of the rest of the series. I would reccommend the game in it's current shape and I will further reccomend it now that it's clear the devs are still updating the game as evident by the recent Steam Workshop/modding update."
76561198403496468,Recommended,285190,34979709,Posted: 15 September,all,Wrath_Zealot,"The game needs a little work and some more content but overall, it's not nearly as bad as a lot of other people are saying. There seems to be an extremely high number of negative reviews for a game that functions excellently  well. Seeing all the units that you can build on screen at once go into combat against enemy armies is wonderful. The knights from the Space marines are an excellent addition into the game. If relic adds either the Necrons of the tyranids into this game I can see myself easily putting over 400 hours into this game. Go into this game with your mind open and you should have a fairly positive experience. It's just hard to do with the title wave of negative back lash for not being exactly like the first or second game, or exactly what players wanted. Dawn of war 3 is it's own thing in an amazing universe and game play wise does some very cool things on screen. Like i said initially, the game could use some work but the developers are patching regularly which shows that support is still there. Yes, it's not DOW 1 or DOW 2, but DOW 2 wasn't DOW 1 when it came out and it was a good game."
76561197977541199,Recommended,285190,33260516,Posted: 4 July,all,Cancer,Its Starting to look alot more like someone would call it Dawn of War
76561197988445850,Recommended,285190,31527700,Posted: 3 May,all,Akulio,"I really love this game, nothing like dow 1 or 2 and it's a good thing to be honest.My personal issues are - lackluster campaign and lack of factions. I don't really care if DoW competetive or not, i just want my Imperial Guard :DSome people call it moba. I guess those are way too juvenile to remeber warcraft 3 (which ironically did spawn moba jenre) This game has issues to be sure, but it also has potential to become something more and improve. And i give it thumbs up  as a token of good faith."
,Recommended,285190,31559442,Posted: 5 May,all,Hupsel,"Nice RTS. Cool campaign and multiplayer with interesting special units to use. If people want a traditional multiplayer experience they can always play Starcraft 2 or, even better, install 1995 Command & Conquer for some fun base building."
76561198079349407,Recommended,285190,34656095,Posted: 1 September,all,Sensei Peasant,"If you enjoyed dow 1 you will probably like this one too but if you prefered dow 2 you might not. Really great game overall does not deserve all the hate it gets has a good campaign 3 really fun to play and unique races a handful of good maps and steam workshop support for additional mods and maps. The game has also been updated regulaly since launch adding free skins, maps, and modes aswell as balncing the 3 factions with each new update.Would definitly recommend for a 40k fan or if you just like strategy games in general you will get a lot out of it. Dont listen to all the negative reviews with less than 10 hours in the game that are just jumping on the hate train."
76561198074925510,Recommended,285190,34446882,Posted: 23 August,all,-DI- Blackbird,Thumbs up because:-Got it for 50% off.- Army Painter.- Elite Units & Army Doctrines.- Escelation Phases.- Feels like a MOBA mixed with RTS. (It's got lanes on some maps and a stealth feature similar to League.)Negatives:- Removed the executions on unique units.- Basic tutorial.- Can't keybind anything.- Simple UI for the options.(Can't comment on the campaign yet.)
,Recommended,285190,32107063,Posted: 1 June,all,iWaNN,"Strange game. If developer will stop trying to make e-sport games and will return to its ""roots"", maybe we would have really good RTS games from Relic again. Just for old Relic's games i choose positive feedback for DoW3.BTW - I really like single-player campaign, but it for one session."
76561198065226833,Not Recommended,285190,31449078,Posted: 29 April,all,She 12 but takes it like she 22,"Is not worth what you pay for!. campaign is ridiculious, has no auto save,(save manually). The multiplayers ELITE applies to campaign  and vice versa. Worst part, this game revolved around graphics over the gameplay itself"
76561198034110238,Recommended,285190,31409440,Posted: 27 April,all,Pope Urban II,"Ok as a DoW vet who's enjoyed this game so far, I really feel a need to respond to the MOBA criticism. First you all know MOBAS were born from RTS right??? And also  the ""MOBA"" win condition really just feels like a comprimise between the base building of DoW 1 and the simplified win condition of DoW 2. RTS mechanics are fun and very managable so far and I'm sure it'll only get better when they add more factions down the road.Only Downsides so far, you do have to unlock elites and there's no last stand, or maybe that would make it too MOBA like for the rest of the people here."
76561198020133345,Recommended,285190,31595678,Posted: 6 May,all,Garrett,"Here is my honest review of this game!PROS =* Good voice acting*I have the settings on high and it looks beautiful to me.*Units are fun, customizable and unique from one another. They are fun to play.*So many options as far as making a game! Single player options, multiplayer options, you can customize everything you *want, it is JUST FANTASTIC. You want to play against the ORKS? Do you want them to be aggressive, passive, defensive, or all out aggro? YOU CAN DO IT!*Army unit painter can be really cool so you can customize the look of your units!* You kill the enemy core like you do in a MOBA to win the game, and guess what? THIS IS GREAT NEWS...........no more searching out the entire map for one enemy unit hiding for 20 minutes to end the game, now you destroy their core and this is a great GREAT new option in RTS games!*There are many more good things about the game, this game is worth $59 dollars............BAD =*Very few maps, this is true, this is bad, but do not worry, many many more maps will be coming shortly, just watch and see with mods and developers.*The game might be a tiny bit simple compared to other hard core RTS games, but it is no more simple than Starcraft....*The units could use more content, they seem to be somewhat simple too.*There isn't enough to base building to make it really interesting, it is a little too simple too!OVERALL = I give the game 4 out of 5.......................DO NOT listen to all of the haters, they are just hating as usual!This game is fun."
76561198007100273,Recommended,285190,34130526,Posted: 9 August,all,elric2007,"The following statements are my own and specifically all opines (whether explicit or implied) are equally my own.The year was 1988-89 when a young lad from across the pond was already hooked on D&D and Doctor Who.  Probably closer to 90 I discovered the magical world of Rogue Trader (Warhammer 40K) from a cousin visiting from England.  I was completely hooked.  From the diminuative squats to the lumbering Ogryns to the diminuative Squats this game had it all.  Then the mighty Ultramarines and finally the Eldar (where I have pretty much stayed with till today).  The tapestry was rich and deep that was unfolded by the great story-tellers from Games Workshop.  Through it all however, you learned that as ""New"" things were introduced and old retired (like said Squats and Ogryns), you accepted them and moved on.  The game was as inclusive or restrictive as you told yourself it was.Now I am sure that many will wonder why, I just wasted your time with the previous narrative.  I did it because............ The game that I purchased was called DAWN OF WAR III !!!!!  Not DOW I, DOW II, DOW II.V, DOW III.  If you don't like it that is fine, but I think that many people are crucifying the game because it is not a previous version.  If you want a previous version, play the previous version you like or wait for them to update graphics and ""re-master"" the game (don't laugh, I think that many game companies were surprised when Square Enix started creating whole new revenue streams through ""re-masters"").The designers were trying to shoot for something new and different.  I think that they acheived something new and different.  I think that the game is fun and as they work on fine-tuning, it will get better and better.In summation, the game is not DOW I or DOW II!  However, if we lived in the past, we would never even have this game, because there were many of us table-top players who thought the Horus Heresy was a mild temper tantrum compared to the Heresy of making Warhammer and W:40K a game played on a computers.The Emperor ABIDES !!!!!!!"
76561198039363975,Recommended,285190,31398190,Posted: 27 April,all,Kobra,"Loving the game so far. dont mind the blind nostalgia haters or the ""this games grapichs are cartoonish"" BS  the majority of negative reviews are from graphics kids or nostalgia haters who wants the game to be 100% like dawn of war 1 or 2.. Now i understand since i been fan of this universe since tabletop appear but most of the time nostalgia blind people to that point that dosen even matter if the game is good or bad  they will hate it no matter what.Now does that mean the game is perfect? no! but is a very fun game so far...and most importantly.. it will support steam workshop mods.. cant wait for the mod comunity to bring their amazing mods..if any one want to know if the game is worth it  by reading steam reviews that will be the worst idea.. steam reviews are worthless and full of cra p..And sorry for this Heresy but I will trust igns reviews more than steam reviews... but even even though 90% of steam reviews are not good. you can still find some very informative..Now keep in mind i am not reviewing game. neither defending the game or the company but i am criticizing the critics with some personal impresions of the game."
76561198010017592,Recommended,285190,33447862,Posted: 10 July,all,Riotheaven,"I mean I enjoy the game as it is. The problem I percieved is that they down scale from the Lore in almost all the games to balance for the general audience hoping to attract more sales. Honestly as a gamer and fan of 40k play tabletop two armies Necrons and Space Marines, own most of Horus Heresy, I own all 40k games worthwhile I love the 40k universe because its brutal and unfair. You dont need to make it easy make it like the Lore where its insane, rip players apart because gamers will get better to match the game look at Doom 3, darksouls, DoW 1 when you play multiplayer, even the old 40k game chaos gate, or Mount and Blade. Basically relic, game workshop you can make a game like the Lore youd be making tons, and itd be sick and you had a chance with DoW III and unfortunately you didn't. Try again."
,Recommended,285190,31481964,Posted: 1 May,all,Tutifruitti,Great new feel to RTS... Well designed units that still keep the original feel of DOW with alot more active abilities that keep you thinking on your feet. Fantastic Single player campaign. DOW3 deserves all of its credit and more!
,Recommended,285190,34499576,Posted: 26 August,all,Brakkau,"After reading the reviews, I was very hesitant on this game.After being a long time fan of the war hammer games, i was disappointed when i heard so many bad reviews.But i don't know what everyone is raving about, i REALLY enjoy this game so far. Few hours in and i feel like I'm playing the old school Dawn of War games!It's the original Dawn of War mixed with Company Of Heroes, don't get me wrong there's a lot of ""crap"" added  and the loading times etc are quire dire but for game play it's great!If you liked the originals, you'll enjoy this with extra 'elite' units which can help tide the battle and can be leveled up.I will continue to play and if anything happens, I will change my review.So far I'd rate this game 7/10"
,Recommended,285190,34493893,Posted: 25 August,all,Evil Morty,"*I got this game not for free but with a 50% off coupon*As a big fan of DOWI with all of its races and conquest mode I was warry when this game came out as it does only have 3 races and no conquest.HOWEVER, it is actually an impressive looking fun to play romp. The elites or heroes feel very rewarding and have big impact. This is a nice mixup versus the old SM v SM moral fights. Not that there were not hero units in DOWI, its just that these guys really pack a punch.The unit balance from what I've seen thus far is pretty fair. Heavy armor units are less mobile, do more damage to either infantry or armor. There are flanking and harass units if you want to eco war. Long range artillery units like snipers or whirlwind tanks. There is a lot of scope to each unit type and they all perform their role very well.While there are some things removed like being able to upgrade each unit within a platoon with specific weapons like 3 plasma bolters and 2 throwers (you can still upgrade the platoons gear it just gives all of that single platoon the upgrade). That kind of micro was not really needed, as almost every platoon can gain an active skill to be used that has a greater impact. Anywhere squad replenishment has also been removed, TG since small scale fights used to last forever as squads would respawn a unit at the same rate one would die.Skulls have been added which I wouldn't say is a micro-transaction system at all (they can not be purchased). Its the progression system. Think about it like BF1's system, you get skulls for playing the game. As you level up your elites from using them you can unlock more passives for them or your army. Or unlock new elites. It gives a nice feel of progression and something to work for which I felt SC2 was missing until co-op.The new annihilation mode was a good thing to bring in, the original power relay mode was ok but annihilation gives you that itch of I just gotta kill this guy.I don't write a lot of reviews as you can see I'm all over the place but I wanted to show some love to the game. Its a smaller scale dawn of war but they certainly delivered the meaty feel of big units squishing (or cutting in half with a massive chainsaw) little ones.Pros:-Great visuals-Great Sountrack-Combat and Build orders feel right-Great price with coupon-Elite Units feel very good, nice and meaty and weightyCons:-Too few races-Small player base-No Planatary Conquest"
76561198069225128,Recommended,285190,31397657,Posted: 27 April,all,Russ,Epic game! Enjoyed the beta immensely. Loving the multiplayer! Only gripe is the art of the orcs. Orcs dont look like they have characther like in the past
76561198052269312,Recommended,285190,31533675,Posted: 3 May,all,Squid Leader,"Got this game on a whim, cause a buddy was super into warhammer IRL. Very impressed with it so far, it's a great game to play with buddies. If you are an RTS fan this is a good change in pace, giving you access to heros, sort of like a MOBA. However it does well to maintain that units outside of Heros are still valulabe.Bottom Line: 8/10Positives:*Simple RTS*Expands on the Genre*Fun Gameplay*Potential for difficult strategies*every unit feels important*Easy for beginners to jump into*great with friendsNegatives:*UI is kind of funky*only 3 races"
,Recommended,285190,31427355,Posted: 28 April,all,Yorkie,"Yes recommend - not sure why this is getting hate, ive enjoyed it so far....  Campaign is worth it - the game is nothing like a MOBA."
76561198027684755,Recommended,285190,31397488,Posted: 27 April,all,Khanos777,"Having played DOW1 and DOW2, I have to say I enjoy this version the most. This game is more about being able to micro an army in real time and less about base building. I don't see the MOBA compairsion at all. This game plays and feels completely different from a MOBA. I like that I dont have to chase down every last enemy unit and destroy every structure. In DOW3 requires you to hold onto key locations and take them from the enemy. The minimal base building rewards you for taking the offensive. I have only played the multiplayer portion of the game, but  so far I am enjoying my experiences and  love the massive battles for strategic locations."
,Recommended,285190,31735563,Posted: 13 May,all,Frogy,Worth the buy. its a leap from the last ones but i have good expectations for DLC/Expactions as it grows.
76561198044506754,Recommended,285190,31924983,Posted: 23 May,all,Bkalithundah,hi i'd like to see imperial gaurd and chaos added
76561198011925472,Recommended,285190,34656069,Posted: 1 September,all,DruidBoyZs,As someone who followed the game since it was announced i am liking it for what it does right. The Multiplayer.  The Devs listen to the players and work hard to improve. alot of the negative reviews are from people who didnt even take the time to see everything the game has to offer. Yes the Community is low due to everyone expecting more of the same. but think about it. what would have happend? people would have♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it because of it.. so i love the game. and i recommend to every w40k fan.
,Recommended,285190,31414409,Posted: 28 April,all,ll-LastJedi-ll,It's Warhammer 40k Definitely NOT another Starcraft.- Very COOL & GOOD looking environment for Dawn of War's Dark Age of Technology.- FAST & BRUTAL combat yet adaptive.- Singleplayer Campaign Gameplay & Story are satisfied and truly enjoyed.(17 Mission 13+ Hours long)
,Recommended,285190,33956841,Posted: 1 August,all,Atlas,"Having played this game for nearly 30hrs I think this game sees potential that needs to be unlocked in a way...This game is ""good"" and what I mean when I say that is I am currently 20 and my whole life from 7 to now has been nothing but RTS games growing up, with starcraft, Command and Conquer, Cossacks. Does this game fit the RTS catergory:ABSOLUTELYdoes it feel like a moba. Yes it does at some points mostly because of the Elites in the game. And the game is way to reliant on the elites. The only way to win without elites is to cheese the game with turrets. I will not deny that Space marines are the most OP race in the game right now. It is a fact that the doctrines are super underpowered for the other two races. I find when I play orks or eldar I only find sometimes two doctrines are acceptable and the third one can be whatever since I feel it doesnt matter whatsoever.It can be really frustrating seeing as how the core of a RTS is supposed to have a balanced system for all units spread across the board. Yet we are given a clearly favored race in the entire mix and because of that I think is why its aggravating to play for the most part.The good things I will say about this game though is that it can be really fun. I have a friend who is a die for fanatic of Warhammer 40k and the DOW series. He absolutely loves it. When playing with friends whether or not we win or lose we still feel excitement and happiness because of all the cool stuff you can do in the game. Being able to take an imperial knight or a wraithknight and just wreak havoc on the oposing team is so satisfying and cool to watch. The singleplayer was also really good granted its pretty short but it was nice and eventful and fun.Do I recommend buying this game: YesDoes this game need fixes and balances: definitelyIs this game fun by itself: yea the campaign is great and the multiplayer can be pretty fun8/10"
76561198031003549,Recommended,285190,31453211,Posted: 29 April,all,Walk the Void,"Such salt and hate from people who expected the Messaih of Dawn of War games. The game can be fun, not everyone will enjoy it. Hate bombing because its not DOW 1 or DOW 2 is pointlessly counter productive. Large armies and Elites some elites are just massive bullet sponges others wipe out larges chunks of armies some offer great support. Matches can go short or go long depending on who's playing I've played a 10min match, I've played a 3v3 that was a 3½ hour match because we basically hit a massive stalemate that ended with what was essentially an agreement of this will never end so the teams paid respects and we sent are elites and armies to opposite sides so it would be our elites vs thier armies and thiers vs ours. Then it was agreed once the turret fell no more building armies and the first to break the core would be winner. 8/10 Loved DOW 1 and 2 wish it was closer to 1 with hero/customization from 2 but it's still enjoyable."
76561198052977340,Recommended,285190,31579918,Posted: 6 May,all,Raeve,Not quite the same game as the previous 2 but great in its own way
76561198044709439,Recommended,285190,31429840,Posted: 28 April,all,Judgecam,"I love this game. Dawn of War 3 is what present-day RTS games should be.  I do not think it can be compared to a MOBA like many are suggesting. I think people try to compare things (sometimes unfairly) to what they know a lot about.Overall I have not had any issues technically with the game. It runs great. The controls and mechanics are fluid and easy to learn as well. I love the graphics, the voice acting and the models. Everything is awesome and I highly recommend.Git gud FOR THE EMPEROR!"
,Recommended,285190,31646641,Posted: 9 May,all,[BL] S_Meister,"Reasonable Game, no where near what I was hoping for, but was better than expected. Campaign pretty short but had some good levels which teach game mechanics pretty well. Would have to play on normal difficulty to provide any sort of challenge.  Multiplayer is pretty unbalanced, some units and powers are just broken beyond repair. Enjoying orks even though they seem pretty weak (require far greater setup and positioning to even be on par with the other 2 armies) but they have been in every dow game ever so no real change. Orks seem to be the most skillful of the 3 to use effectively which is weird cause they are orks, mixture of zerg rush and timing.Each type of unit feels strong in certain ways and absolutely counters the hell out certain troops. While some units are just a bit too strong or weak in every situation, rest in kill fire prisms. Peeps hating on the game for stupid reasons, I've played dow since 2004 and  yeah it's not what you were hoping for and no it's not like dow 1/2 exactly, but if you like dow 1/2 so much go and play them instead :P (I recommend dark crusade necrons ftw).Every army will be added eventually obviously it's just doing sort of a mixture of dow 1 and dow 2 releasing of stuff (minus chaos/tyranids) which will probably be next unless they decide to release tau and necrons as they were the most popular. A new campaign style sort of like dark crusade/soulstorm being added later on would be nice too. DOW 1 style campaign was nice and all but worldwide/galaxy wide conquest felt like a proper adventure but those 2 games did have a lot less story due to it being spread out so much but fighting each enemy stronghold in a final way to knock a certain race out of the game was noice. Going to guess chaos and guard will be next along with tau and necrons then tyranids somewhere along the way. With additional units for previously released armies just like with each expansion from previous dow games. Also other game modes for multiplayer would be nice and some more balance to stop the stupid drop pod a bunch of dreadnoughts at the enemy nexus to just smorc it. Keep the smorc to hearthstone. I like to have my war, if I lose the war I accept the defeat, what I don't accept is a small groups of dreads and babies sneakily smacking the nexus not fun bois not fun. Increase nexus health or something. I even leave groups of tankbustas behind in base in case of the stupid cheese strat and the nexus is so weak that they can't even kill the dreads fast enuff.P.S Last stand pls mission 17 was sort of like it so I'm hoping that it was just a tease for it's inevitable release. Also if I see season pass dlcs anywhere in the future Imma kick your manager. Release loads of dlc in a single expansion for dow 3 instead of loads of small things for 20x what it should be priced at."
76561198157683805,Recommended,285190,31587958,Posted: 6 May,all,PrinceOfDarknes,"Well ya,not expected what i want,too many skills to use and it's kinda not stabiled game durning pvp :3 anyway who like Dota 2 or like this MOBAs u can try out if you have some fast acting skills/reflexs :3"
76561197999345374,Recommended,285190,32020850,Posted: 28 May,all,WarioCarson,Luv this game just needs more maps and game modes which hopefully will come soon.
,Recommended,285190,31622969,Posted: 8 May,all,nathanflanagan,"And I had a blast! I love DOW, 1 more than 2 and yes I had expectations that were not met, but I tried to be open minded and ignore steam reviews and you tubers. I'm glad I did!The campaign scratched that RTS itch for me that I needed. I've not completed a campaign on a game on the hardest setting for a long time.Some notes from my experience and my opinions:Hard wasn't that hard, I didn't save scum either. But each mission took me an hour at times! But the last mission and a couple of missions were unit retention and preservation mattered, were very challenging!The writing, while yes cheesy and over the top, to me suited the game, the Orks were abit cringey but I enjoyed it none the less.Making me play all 3 factions was a positive! It really made learn each race which is not normally something I would do! I normally just stick to The good old space marines.Some of the maps looked amazing!It re-ignited my love for DOW and I preferred the campaign far more than DOW2.I really dislike the elite user interface I find it confusing and needlessly complicated.Let me rotate my bloody camera!Base defences please! (So I can turtle :3)And finally, as with many others, I really miss the cover system of DOW2.But! I am actually very excited to see where they go with DLC and patches and with all the let downs I've had this year (wildlands, halo wars 2) etc etc I've not felt like that for a while!For those who haven't bought it: be open minded, try it on steam, refund it if you don't, but please try the campaign at least and then give MP a go. The multiplayer beta put me off massively because I didn't understand the game!Enjoy everyone!"
,Recommended,285190,31517745,Posted: 2 May,all,Snow,"A fantastic WH40K game. Big battles are back, with an emphasis on non-stop action. I love it.Frankly, I don't understand the comparisons some people try to make to the other DoW games. DoW played nothing like DoW2, yet there's bitterness that ""It's nothing like the other games!"" Just my two cents."
76561198107826240,Recommended,285190,31889433,Posted: 21 May,all,DemonicGSXR,"Dont see why so many negatives, I'm a daily Pc gamer and been playing RTS since total ahnihllation, played all the command and conquers, startcrafts etc and all the dawen of war games. and I got to see this game is visually stunning and plays very well, I love how they changed the story mode to keep you in the loop with all the factions rather than one at a time, and the multiplayer is extremely fun, with a world builder included for creation of your own custom maps.there could be more multiplayer game modes and if your using a big army, using all the macro abbilities can be tricky. I would like to see a bigger unit cap to wage some huge wars. i def give the gasme a thumbs up."
76561198016485383,Recommended,285190,34771154,Posted: 6 September,all,Spectre,"If you're in a for a single-player experience, you'll be very dissapointed. If, on the other hand, you're ready for a great multiplayer experience, PVP especially and don't care too much about those nonesensical ""achievements"" or ladders, you're in for a treat. I recommend, though, to watch some Youtube lessons on how to play and play some skirmishers vs AI before you get your hands soaked in virtual blood, because the Boyz are going to r@p3 you big time."
76561198010876121,Recommended,285190,31894490,Posted: 21 May,all,Psycannon,I liked it.
76561197992214453,Recommended,285190,34966633,Posted: 15 September,all,Knurheim,"The general Gameplay is sound, but the campaign feels a bit, meh, you follow the Blood Raven, An ork warboss and the eldar farseer you have known through out the games, but you never get a true feel with them because you play them one mission at a time and not one race/army at a time. Some gameplay elements have been altered, recruiting for one, others have been ruined, the cover system is just broken beyond repair. and other things you feel have been forced from the creator's side.You choose elite units or characters that can be summoned at different intervals over time and among these are Terminators (both melee and ranged), Ork stormboys and more. the problem here is that you have to pick 3 elite choices (not elite as we know them from the tabletop game) and then you can only summon one of each of these choices, this means that the Orks are limited to one unit of Meganobz and Stormboys.The Eldar are limited to one unit of Striking Scorpions and Warp Spiders and The Space Marines are limited to one unit of Assault Terminators or one squad of Terminators, if the player chooses to use one of 3 elite slots for one of these units"
76561197972327532,Recommended,285190,34846522,Posted: 9 September,all,DOOMGIVER,"No, it's not Dawn of War 1 or 2. It's Battle for Middle Earth 2. Sequels for the Sequel God! Sequels for the Sequel Throne!"
76561198043457965,Recommended,285190,31413403,Posted: 28 April,all,Fremy Saint of Gunpowder,"Dawn on War 3 is genrally a good RTS with a few small problem which could be fixed. People say that the game is too simlar to a moba which is not true, this game is a proper RTS."
76561198355813455,Recommended,285190,33733694,Posted: 22 July,all,A-GuyNamedJosh,"This is not a terrible game at all. even if it seems to be limited its more than likley that it will do what all dawn of war has done they will add more and more content into other expantions. Dawn of war 1 had winter assault, dark crusade, and soulstorm each adding. in dow 2 they did chaos rising adding the chaos and then retribution adding the rest of the content."
76561198029349390,Recommended,285190,33771223,Posted: 24 July,all,Noctus Cornix,Took a little while to get used to but I've really enjoyed this game so far and the additions they've made to it. Dawn of War 2 is still my favorite but this is a fun game to play with friends.
76561198018162854,Recommended,285190,31488250,Posted: 1 May,all,Flaming,"If you like RTS games and want something new - go for it.It's a mix between dow1 and 2 with SOME moba elements (Powercore), as soon as they add more gamemodes this ""flaw"" will be irrelevant.After finishing the campaign (on hard) i have to say its quite decent, after the first 6 missions which server as ""tutorial"". Its quite lenghty aswell - 17 missions average time was about 40 min - 1h (on hard as I said).I havent played much multiplayer but what I have played was fun. I think the game has alot of potenital, it all depends on the updates in the next month and their DLC price model."
76561197982713939,Recommended,285190,32235410,Posted: 7 June,all,Transplanar,"I had a negative first impression myself, but after a few hours of messing around in multiplayer, I started to get the hang of it. If you take the time to explore its intricacies, you find a very rich experience full of strong e-sports potential.It is puzzling while it gives off such a bad first impression for a lot of people, but it grows on you, and gets you hooked.Newbie Hint: Tap ability buttons twice to have them auto-aim at the nearest enemy. Works great for hectic fights when you don't have time to aim your Dire Avenger grenades."
76561198000455405,Recommended,285190,31432889,Posted: 28 April,all,CrackMcCracken,Great and fun game. Certainly not perfect but far away from the piece of garbage some people desperatly want it to be. The campaign is very entertaining and the multiplayer I have played so far felt balanced.I do hope they will add a bit more content in the future because I could see this be a bit complicated for the long run.
76561198020354672,Recommended,285190,31435334,Posted: 29 April,all,emilqt,"In short conclusion, if you loved dow1 but hated dow2 this is the game for you. they took away most of the thing that made dow2 horrible, such as slow gameplay, no base building and added the good parts such as hero controls, to dow1. of course there are some issues such as only 1 game mode, but this can easly be fixed in the future and in coming months with help of map editor.Doesnt matter what some says, this is not a starcraft league child. lets compare this to starcraft 2. different recourse system, different unit control system (in starcraft there is no turn time, while dow3 has that, which make attack move attack move type of gameplay work in starcraft but not in dow3), different kind of unit system( squad vs single units). not even the same type of game modes.And this is as much as a moba as the dow1 was a fps game. the only moba likness to dow3 is the game mode, just as the controll type of gameplay and cover from dow1 existed in fps games before dow was released, so dont listen to everyone who say it is a moba game."
,Recommended,285190,31491404,Posted: 1 May,all,I N F I N I T E   S P O O K,"""THEY DIDN'T MAKE AN EXACTL REPLICA OF DAWN OF WAR 2 WITH UPDATED GRAPHICS 0 OUT OF 10 BAD GAME""Only real complaints are that I would have liked more factions and maps, and I do miss suppression, but the lack of suppression isn't really a major issue. 9/10 WAAAGHs"
76561197988509852,Recommended,285190,31510799,Posted: 2 May,all,d3vils3y3,"I don't get all the hate. Dawn of War III is a solid strategy game, which we don't get that often nowadays.Yes it has it flaws. A few more multiplayer maps would be great and at least the chaos could be in the game from the start as well. But overall i enjoyed my time so far and will definetely spend more hours with it."
76561198042370820,Recommended,285190,31668885,Posted: 10 May,all,Centurion,"With all the hate going on with Dawn of War 3, I had to write my own review.I have about 70 hours on this game right now. So I know what Im talking about when it comes to this game. The game, in my opinion, is beautiful in terms of graphics. The sounds and the visuals are stunning. The gameplay is fluid, and VERY rarely does the game crash.When it comes to gameplay, the gameplay is fast paced and has a more aggressive playstyle then other rts games. This maybe one of the points that people dont like, but in my opinion it forces the player/s to actually struggle and fight for something.The campaign in my opinion was good, and exciting. It wasnt the best campaign I've ever played among rts games, but this one still had a good story. I see that most people are stuck at the point that the campaigns cinematic trailers were like ""slideshows"", however, one point that they missed was that most of the cinematic from Dawn of War 2 were similar to the ones here. I'm stressing the word most here. The campaign in my opinion was also short compared to the campaign of Dawn of War 2, I haven't played Dawn of War 1 so I cant speak for that. Nonetheless, the campaign was nice, but one criticim from my point was that there was too much jumping around from faction to faction. I would have liked it more if there was seperate campaigns for each faction.Now for multiplayer. The game does take ideas from an MMO for its game formats, but it incorpartes them in a different way then you would expect. The gamemod in my opinion is fun, and doesnt really get old quickly because of how each match is VASTLY different then the last. One big pro of the multiplayer is this. Each game, whichever faction is on the battlefield, will be vastly different. And thats where the fun comes in too. I know that Game Workshop will always release updates for their products, its been one of their best qualities. So, for the people who are stressed out that there is only one multiplayer mode, I'm certain that new gamemodes will be introduced to the game. To further this point without spoilers, I can say that DLC's can most certainly be confirmed.Alltogether, I think that this game is worth the money that you put into it. However, the DLC's for this game, such as new gamemodes and such should be made for free. Other DLC's like expansion packs can basically do what they want. The game does have flaws, but these flaws arent things that trash this game totally. They can be fixed. And for the people who were expecting something like Dawn of War 1 or 2, and were dissapointed, I believe that you should give this game another chance instead of looking at it through those games. Both of those games were good too, but they both differed from each other vastly, and they werent perfect either. Neither is this, but it too is different from the rest."
76561198084601019,Recommended,285190,31622682,Posted: 8 May,all,Apostle ShaZZam,"I have been playing 28 hours of this game so far would have played more but like many of you I’m a working man, the game is very good multiplayer can get very adrenaline rich especially near the final phase, but keep in mind there is currently only 1 game mode. the Campaign is fairly weak only with a few enjoyable missions. The graphics are stunning unfortunately one of the most epic parts of DOW have been removed and that is sync kills very sad, also the large army part is not realistic due to the very very slow resource accumulation. Be warned as well to play at higher setting you will need a decent rig or laptop. In closing the game is solid with great potential to grow with updates and DLC I would say if you have the cash buy it."
,Recommended,285190,31730266,Posted: 13 May,all,Kame,Must have for every fan of Warhammer 40k.
76561197984315178,Recommended,285190,31711045,Posted: 12 May,all,atsmith6,"Now that the game has got over it's early issues - most notably something that made the AI so easy it was pointless doing multiplayer coop games v AI - it has really begun to shine.  I have not had this much fun with a Relic game in a long time. The number of troops you control is satisfyingly high and now the AI is nicely balanced to provide a great night of entertainment for myself and either one or two of my friends.  If anything it is bringing back some of the good memories of the original Company of Heroes game.  The only thing sorely missing and which I desperately want them to put in is the annihalation mode found in the CoH games.  Going in and demolishing the enemies base after 45 minutes of brutal combat is just so much more satisfying than the current solution of shoot a turret - shoot a shield thingy.  Also, the lack of proper camera control is both puzzling and disappointing.  Come on Relic!  Let me rotate the view!Despite the gripes, I have to say that I highly recommend this.  The gameplay is fantastic.  The graphics are fantastic.  The sound is fantastic.  Even if they don't put annihalation mode in, or continue to annoyingly refuse to let you rotate the camera, it is still absolutely worth every penny.  If they DO put those in, then I may consider this my absolute favourite Relic game of all time."
76561198048233482,Recommended,285190,31457529,Posted: 30 April,all,FireScorpion,"dont mind the negative comments, this game tried to make something new just like DOW 2 did before. it does hell of a good job. the elites are some of the most fun units i have seen in any rts. it just has a good feeling when ur moving down troops with ur IMEPRIAL KNIGHTS!! and also necrons are imminent!!"
76561198078244240,Recommended,285190,32176450,Posted: 4 June,all,chara,this is a good game love you games workshop #dowfan #lovethisgame
76561198001763963,Recommended,285190,33006591,Posted: 29 June,all,Srcc200,"I enjoyed the game, its different than the last 2 but still a good game."
,Recommended,285190,34563907,Posted: 28 August,all,Cavaron,This is a great game and i would definietly recommend it. I dont understand why it have so many downvotes.
76561198287584490,Recommended,285190,32055366,Posted: 29 May,all,black_hole117,A good game as expected but can't wait for chaos to become a faction
76561197993449035,Recommended,285190,34638016,Posted: 31 August,all,Soul_Vampire,"I do and Don't recomend this game (Where's the meh button here). It's also very shiny!I recomend it because compared to DOW II it lets you play with big armies which I enjoy and although it's got a lot of hate for this follows some of 8th editions rules (yes I play tabletop so no cover is perfectly acceptable). Also it includes some form of lelveling system for the characters within the game, though not as interesting as DOWII it means I'm gonna spend more time playing the actual game than reading obscure lore that may/may not be cannon. As a fan of DOW more than DOWII it does tickle my fancy as it does try to pay homage to the original game and has added in some interesting new features such as drop pods actually being useful (Thanks 8th) the introduction of Imperial knights and their equivalent without forking out the £75+ to actually own and see what they're like.I don't recomend this as the uniqueness of the game has disappeared and feels like another jugged out DOW where they can't make their mind up on what the game should be following behind other RTS's and gone' hey it works for them lets copy and paste'. WHile it makes a solid game it doesn't give it a unique feel that DOW had. I've also had enough of killing Eldar and Orks and would have felt the creators of the game would have picked one of the many other armies to battle such as the Skitarii or even a return of the Tau. It would have been nice to see some more detial on the Eldar. I know their not meant to be covered in purity seals like the Space marines but at least make it look as if you didn't decide to add them in at the last minute. FInally Gabriel Angelos was once again left the field of battle to his not so awe inspiring half brother Gabriel the softly spoken.So all in all if you like tabletop and want to play it in a more visualish way it breathes a bit of life into the game. If you don't play tabletop and have only played the previous games I'd go for 50/50 chance you'll like it?"
,Recommended,285190,32072757,Posted: 30 May,all,Khandish,sweet
76561198005478926,Recommended,285190,31511129,Posted: 2 May,all,Moose,"Negative reviewers are all scambling to have the most scathing review of them all, as if its some prize. Go, read through them. There isnt much else than ""THIS ISnt DOW 1"" or ""THIS ISNT DOW 2"" Well of course it isnt, ITS DAWN OF WAR 3 ffs.It is its own game, and the comparisons to starcraft and mobas are hilarious. Dow 2 with its extreme unit managment and abilities was FAR more like dota or league than this.To those saying it isnt like dow 1 at all, go home and replay those games. I already knew my build path, how to use eldar, and unit managment all from playing the 1st game because theyre so similar. It is not much like the tactical cover positioning game of dow2, which is sad but it literally could not be both games as they were very different.Epic units are amazing, but die fast without support. Each race is very unique (unlike chaos and space marines from dawn of war 1).What I am hopeful to see: more races, a little balancing, and less cry babies posting reviews as if this is a kickstarter scam. Its great."
76561198138559061,Recommended,285190,33746904,Posted: 23 July,all,Zyzyx,"I love the dynamics of the game, resources is not everything... you need to stay sharp and micro manage, make the right decision about how and when to push... and often you will fail. Heroes are important, especially giant ones, but games are often decided before that. They are fun to look at. As I said before, micro management is crucial sometimes, beautiful to look at when someone really is good at it.The game needs more balancing (whole armies are wiped out sometimes)  and new races, bigger maps and 4x4, 5x5 ++ plays introduced.I understand why people have opposite opinion, this game is hard to play perfect, and the dynamics makes each rememberable game unique.BTW I am a Dow I fan, did not like Dow II at all.7/10"
,Recommended,285190,31478912,Posted: 30 April,all,Farkus,Screw what people think about this game to be honest this game is really fun not to mention for some did not see of this game has just ben out not to long and all i see it has great 1.graphics 2. Great story 3.awesome faction more to come *wink wink* in the near future cant wait! all the units are really cool this game is a must have !
76561198039574767,Recommended,285190,31453966,Posted: 29 April,all,Metthusa,This game is fantastic! dont listen to the people who are saying this is bad. if you really want to see it just go and watch some gameplay on youtube or twitch this is fantastic and easily a 8.5/10
,Recommended,285190,31465283,Posted: 30 April,all,Ego Serpentis,Great and fun game!
76561198017943066,Not Recommended,285190,31413710,Posted: 28 April,all,BroTothemaxx,I played in the beta and it ran smoothly at 50 fps.Now this game is stuttering hard after 20 minutes. Audio glitches as well.Drivers are up to date. I cannot recommend until better fixes are out.Another game that got rushed in development.
76561198092073890,Recommended,285190,31637199,Posted: 8 May,all,Mr. Annie mayy,"It's so good, my computer cant even run it. 8/8 m8"
76561198130514446,Recommended,285190,33405180,Posted: 9 July,all,Jake00757,"Needs some things improving like the automatic attack/retaliation, its annoying when enemies are shotting and your units dont shoot back, also there needs to be more races.... 3 races gets boring very quick, also the fact you cant train certain units like terminators ect really sucks... same with the ork jump boys that sort of thing... apart from that, its actually really good, i really didnt like the previous dawn if war 2 but this is so much better"
76561198023351552,Recommended,285190,31814213,Posted: 17 May,all,QuestKnight,I really like how this game balances out DoW and other RTS.  The MOBA aspect adds strategy to this game that did not exist before.  All in all I'd give a 4/5.  Can't wait to see more factions added to the gameplay!
76561198041739200,Recommended,285190,31814222,Posted: 17 May,all,wowcoh56,"Great game will only get better in time!  Need a few more factions, last stand, and some tweaks here and there.Well, I finished the campaign and have played a few skirmish games against the AI which is what I will mostly be doing from this point on.  I have also played DOW1 and DOW2 and am a fan of RTS games in general.  COH2 is my favorite RTS in the last several years and Generals Zero Hour my favorite all time.  Here is my review:Campaign:  17 Missions long, each lasts around 30-45 min. which to me is the perfect amount of time for a mission, not too long not to short.  Missions were varied and fun to play, I enjoyed them all except one which took me about an hour and half (too long).  Story was good but nothing that sucked me in and got me pumped.  7/10Skirmish Games:  Lots of fun playing against the AI.  Relic gave us lots of options to mess around with as far as settings for the AI which makes comp stomp games fantastic.  Heroes are alot of fun to mess around with in games also.  I enjoyed myself alot while playing and see myself playing much more over the months to come.  If your a fan of large armies and massive battles you can have that here also.  9/10Graphics: If you have a decent computer to put them at high then graphics look great.  Units are little smaller than in the past which I'm not a fan of but due to so many units on screen I see why they needed to do this.  8/10Suggestions to Dev's: 1.  Add some sync kills to the elite units, they are bad♥♥♥♥♥and make your army/units feel super powerful.  2.  Maybe add a little health to the units/buildings so things don't die so quick.  I think these 2 things would bring some people back that maybe didnt like it as much before.I am amazed at all the negative reviews.  Not sure what game these guys are playing.  If your a fan of RTS games... if you like COH2 and C&C Generals Zero Hour (games like these) then ""Get the Game"", it is alot of fun to play.  The only thing I have not checked is to see if it lists Wins/Losses in online skirmish with AI... if it does then this game gets a 9/10 for me since I love to see wins and losses like in COH1 (I don't play competitive).  Seeing wins/losses keeps you coming back to get one more victory!!!  Anyway, if it doesn't have that then 8.5/10    Happy gaming guys!"
,Recommended,285190,33075417,Posted: 1 July,all,sarrt,best one yet
76561198015391076,Recommended,285190,33943355,Posted: 31 July,all,Vote1jimmy,When reading majority of the negative review it seems most people haven’t really played this game......No its not a MOBA and isn’t anywhere near that category.There is a campaign but its “short” 15-20hr depend the difficulty and how well you play the races E.G i suck as Eldar so those games were the most difficulty for me. The campaign you play as different races each level to play each side of the War/story though the look of the menu you can easily see they will add more in the future with new races/content.There is base building unlike DoW2 you can build anywhere and anything but your HQ.There is still customization but instead of gear you get army load outs and elite/hero skins as well as you still got the classic army painter.You get big army’s unlike DOW2 but with the added army load outs and you get to pick 3 hero/elites that unlock though out the match that have a cool down after death with there own unique ability’s to adjust to your play style.These no cover system or environment effects but there are stealth spots and these little sandbag/outpost spots that you capture and your range units get a massive DEF boost but still can get bombed or melee units jumping in and messing up your camping.DoW3 is mainly focused on multiplayer and custom matches  but its a good mix of old and new. You still get the building and massive battles from DoW1 and you get the awesome hero units from Dow2 as well as the effects of push backs from jump packs and all that jazz. I would recommending giving this game a go its great seeing big army’s again and I would recommend playing the campaign 1st so you can get the skins and level up faster and also to learn to play all the hero/elite units.8/10 Skulls for the skull throne ;)
76561198008096626,Recommended,285190,33827484,Posted: 27 July,all,VirtualHalo,"I bought this game on sale knowing the reviews and having my own extensive list of negative thoughts!Little bit about me: I LOVE the RTS/Strategy Genre.  How much you might ask?  3508 hours’ worthThe numbers do not lie (~60%):DOW Series 1: 500+ hoursDOW Series 2: 1500+ hoursDOW Series 3: three days- 38 hoursAge of Empires 2: 197 hoursTotal War series: ~60 hoursCompany of Heroes series: 85 hoursSpellforce 1-2: ~34 hoursStar Wars Battlegrounds: 100+ hoursStar Wars Gold Pack (FOC): 200+ hoursKohan 1-2: ~35 hoursHegemony series- combined: 375 hoursSupreme Commander 1-2: 184 hoursStarCraft 2 (3 pack): ~30 hoursHalo Wars 1-2: 70+ hoursCommand and Conquer series: 50+ hoursStronghold: ~50 hoursOver the course of a lifetime the numbers show what I have enjoyed with friends, through hard times, and soooo much more.  I love the challenge, satisfaction of command.  Safety can say I have been at the release of most of these games and followed, experienced the development of each.  After a lifetime of gameplay, I noticed each game/series progress in its own way.  Some plainly had better potential than others at the start for a multitude of reasons!DOW 3 had a rough start.  Did the developers ignore community input... yes.  Did Relic try to bring over League/Dota (and even StarCraft) fans... yes.  Did the team completely ""truck"" up?  No.I did not buy this game because I have bought 35+ other RTS games.  Bought it because I think it has potential and the ability to improve on an already strong foundation.Did Relic learn from their mistakes.... time will tell.  I can only hope for another 1500+ hours (like in DOW2)!Will update this review (to an in-depth game review) as time progressives (07/27/2017).PS: I love League of Legends (500+ hours)"
76561197963154427,Recommended,285190,33822457,Posted: 26 July,all,nooneon,"game has potential, but balancing is a jokeMost mutiplayer games involve spamming devastors or snipers, orcs have no stormboys to counter this. Heros can one shot entire army's in combination. They need to get rid of the whole skull thing, it's dumb and hurts mutiplayer because you have to grind skulls and level up heros to unlock doctrines. No one has time for that.Here are my suggestions-Make the Skulls Unlock dlc skins/portraits or whatever non competitive stufff-add fields of fire (for devastors at least or increase set up times, I think one of the devastors for marines is no set-up time)-make hero's tanky and less one shoot abilities-4v4-fix the ram issue or whatever causes the game to lag-barely playable-add anhiliation mode to quick match selection.or just release the source code, and let the community fix the game if its just a cash grab anyways.game started with 25,000 players it is now down to 600I waited and bought it anyways, just to see how bad it was. It's not terrible but you can tell no one even look at balanceing from community gamesDawn of war 1 anhiliationDawn of war 2 elite.The the high point is I do like the amount of destruction in the game, but being one shotted by two abilities is kind of a low point.I would go as far as to offer a non-hero game version. I bet the pacing of the game would be totally differen't. I think it would be a much better game and would allow the dev's to see how the balancing between the units. Without the heros screwing it all up.I voting a recommandation. but if you gonna leave one guy in the back of the office to maintain the game, just release the source code and let the community balance it out."
76561197993914265,Recommended,285190,31401690,Posted: 27 April,all,Artum,"The game is basically in all ways 50% between 1 and 2, contrary to all the whinging about pandering to casuals the learning curve is pretty steep and the skill cap extremely high, the multiplayer isnt a moba by any stretch, its literally just annihilate from dow2."
,Recommended,285190,31401648,Posted: 27 April,all,Tibble,"Fun game, different to most rts games, almost all of the negative reviews are people who want to play DOW I or II because they liked them. As someone who didn't get into those games much, this game is fun."
76561198057065903,Recommended,285190,31395513,Posted: 27 April,all,-WOLF-VIPER112,so far so good. i am loving the imperial knights! i have collected them in table top but finally get to see what they can do on the battlefield! however it was said this was a combo of dow 1 and 2 yet i only see the dow 2 side. i hardly see how this relates to dow 1 at all? base building is a bit meh. i mean its better than nothing but still room for improvement. how ever the army painter is a step back from dow 2. i dont see how you can take the perfect army painter and get this??
76561198005065868,Recommended,285190,31434988,Posted: 29 April,all,faecal storm,"Dont listen to the kid  hatters they are just mad it isnt DOW 2 reskin.we all know DOW 1 was the best out of the 2 and this game is a mix of DOW 1 and 2 with more elements from DOW 1 and no retreat, yay.most people say its MOBA they are just bad and cant keep line units alive.great game epic battlesits has a few things missing, but vannila DOW didnt have much either, great game that will only get better with time.Epic battles that can swing and change at any moment"
76561197971838976,Recommended,285190,31496377,Posted: 1 May,all,GexZ,"As a big fan of RTS games overall, and a big fan of the warhammer universe I had to try this game for myself.Ofcourse I read loads of these very negative reviews people write, and my thoughts were at first not to buy this game.But I'm very happy I did !To be honest this game is more RTS then DoW2 is, it lies closer to Starcarft 2 then to DoW2, and people complaining that it looks like a MOBA is just utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Okey it has a tower / turret / core playstyle in the matches but thats the only thing that might even look like a MOBA.Come to think what makes a MOBA, a MOBA is the whole massive character rosters, last hitting, creep waves, 5v5 or 3v3, buying items & leveling your character .. Which this has nothing of.So for me its safe to say this is not even close to a MOBA of any sorts.Back to DoW3, for me after playing the beta wich I only played 2 matches in, this game felt okeyish..But after buying the full game and spending some hours into skirmishes and the single player I have to say its really started growing on me.So if your a fan of the RTS type game and love the warhammer universe, I'd highly recommend picking up this game!PS. I hope they add a bunch more factions in the future and make this game as epic as DoW1 was !!!"
76561198028730561,Recommended,285190,31831416,Posted: 18 May,all,Korica,"I have some gripes about things I miss from the old games, but the gameplay is still solid and fun, and much better balanced for competitive multiplayer. Don't think it deserves all this hate."
,Recommended,285190,31687105,Posted: 11 May,all,Vegas,Intro gets me hyped.Every. Time.
76561198259874355,Recommended,285190,31645927,Posted: 9 May,all,Bizzare69,Don't listen to bad reviews this game is awesome!!! A********
,Recommended,285190,33756946,Posted: 23 July,all,DaDokisinX,"Dawn of War 3 does a good job at maintaining the fast paced, micro combat of DoW2 as well as intergrating the large scale battles of DoW1.  The game runs very smoothly and has a ton of attention to detail.  While it may have a higher learning curve than the other two installations, it can be very rewarding for a strategically and mechinaclly adept player as there are a lot fo option.If you like RTS/40k and you approach this game with an open mind, you will find it fresh and a great addition to your library."
76561198201324335,Recommended,285190,33834696,Posted: 27 July,all,evil hoomans,"For me it is a decent game. This is game much better than Dawn of War II in my opinion, but lacks faction(understable since it is very hard to make games while being pressured with release dates. I shall wait for the guardsmen, tau, and the hives to be added to the game."
76561198021701951,Recommended,285190,31618021,Posted: 7 May,all,vinnyboom123,Addicting and fricken glorious fam.
,Recommended,285190,31425481,Posted: 28 April,all,ShadyJ93,Brilliant game but online deffo needs more maps and game modes! Asap.
,Recommended,285190,31510530,Posted: 2 May,all,M2H_Matt,So far so good!
,Recommended,285190,31406257,Posted: 27 April,all,Diamond Joe Biden,"Different, but fun."
76561198015220651,Recommended,285190,33909032,Posted: 30 July,all,meeelting,"The campaign's story doesnt feel very Warhammer 40k. I got uninterested and stopped halfway through. Compared to Dow1 and Dow2 the game's SP really doesn't pull off the customization that I liked. There's no continuity in the characters you play and no real point in investing emotionally or game-mechanically into anything or anyone.The gameplay's alright but lacks a polished feel. It's a bit floaty and the units have a generic feel to them. It looks good though.MP lacked strategy somwhat. You run around in circles after each other. Sure, you can have a big♥♥♥♥♥army but when it's gonna get squashed by a giant laser you can't escape, whats the point of having one in the first place. Lategame MP consists of timing trapping opponents armies in a way that you can snowball over them, and if you split your army into two to make a more tactical move the opponent can just walk right over you.3/5, maybe a Soulstorm type singleplayer campaign expansion could save it."
76561198008235747,Recommended,285190,34145482,Posted: 10 August,all,Heff,"I personally like the game, having played every single dow game, this isnt the best one obviously its probably the worst one, but its still okay, i can imagine when they bring more factions out it may get better with time."
76561198103369812,Recommended,285190,33736207,Posted: 22 July,all,warriorelite211,"being late into the dawn of war franchise, and nudged by a friend saying this is a must buy when it comes out I first had my difficulties with the game especially because i wasn't use to the game. I would constantly march my troops right into death without even noticing it until i saw the ping on the map from an ally or by the voice saying large enemy force engage which by then the only thing i could was play a small violin for them. But with time and practice i really started to enjoy myself  the only past experience that i ever had was with retribution and Soulstorm  which i loved soul storm because of my necrons :D and there was so much diversity in the game making each encounter new for me ever time i played, and retribution was eh i wasn't the biggest fan of only having one base to build everything and i really only stayed around on that game for last stand. but with DOW3 i have been glued to the multiplayer game play there is many ways to run into a match even if there is only three races and if you get bored of the maps they have (still loving them) you can always browse for matches which a match may have a chance to have a workshop made map, you as well can download the map and set it up  which many talented and creative people have put so much time into their own designs for us to play, for instance bridge of helios probably my favorite just because your on a bridge being a 3v3 all out cluster. i really hope  this game keeps up with the awesome updates and hopefully people change their minds about this game because it sure does suck when you try to browse through quick match and only find 1 lobby if your lucky and go onto soulstorm and find 6 or more lobbies which just mind blown me. please don't let all of the negative reviews stop you from buying this game and if you see a♥♥♥♥♥♥with only whirlwinds trapping people  with jonah orion wall passive on the standard flag that probably me this is warriorelite and i'm signing out with a thumbs up!"
76561198204767203,Recommended,285190,31567673,Posted: 5 May,all,Pure_Sarcasm,This game is great the graphics are good and has great gameplay. Ignor all the bad reviews
76561198190574857,Recommended,285190,33760953,Posted: 24 July,all,Vibrid,the game is fun but needs alot of work.
,Recommended,285190,33825211,Posted: 26 July,all,Goz,"DoW 3 has taken a lot of criticism since it's release, and in my opinion the reasons that are given are nonsense. For example: ""I'd known it was going to be terrible since before it was in beta, and I was right. Cartoony, breaks lore, emphasis is on abilities, buildings are clumsy and useless."" This quote was taken from another review of this game.In my opinion the game does not look cartoony, and I believe the reason people think it does is because of the outline around units when in game, which is there just to easily determine how many squads you have and what unit they are. The graphics in a game such as this do not matter because gameplay is all that matters.Breaking lore is the biggest reason I see people don't like this game. Again this idea seems stupid to me because a game is all about gameplay and having fun, not whining like a whipper snipper over the fact that a terminator can jump and do a flip - I mean who really cares if they do? It looks badass anyway.The emphasis on abilities is what I like so much about this game, having played many hours of DoW 1 I really think that the abilities add a great new dimension to the game and mean the focus is around the battles, not just selecting your army and then attack moving and going back to your base to build some nice new buildings.""Buildings are clumsy and useless"" I mean what can I say here that just makes no sense whatsoever.Looking around the review section it is flooded with negative reviews. It would be extremely easy for the developers to give up on the game considering this, however there have been many major updates to the game since release, including new maps, new skins, and countless balance changes. It is great to see they are listening to the recommendations by the community and refining the game.In essence this is still a DoW game in that you can play around with your build orders and have a great time playing with plenty of strategies. Playing with a group is a good way to kill the night, planning to attack at the same time is a real advantage and makes for some really intense games. At first I wasn't so sure about the new power core mode but with the recent addition of the classic annihilation mode from DoW 1, I much prefer to play the power core mode - it feels more balanced and games don't go crazy long. There is plenty of time to get out the huge elites, but also the opportunity to end the game quickly with smaller elites.I do agree that the campaign is one big tutorial and I admit I didn't enjoy playing it past the first three missions, but the multiplayer is where this game shines.I have played this game for a hundred hours now, and have enjoyed all of the time I have spent playing. If you are thinking about buying this game, I would strongly recommend it, and my tip for any new players would be to choose a race you like from the campaign, and when you come up against someone playing the same race who wins convincingly, save the replay of the game and watch it back from their perspective and copy their builds until you gain enough knowledge to do your own."
76561197964383283,Recommended,285190,33443773,Posted: 10 July,all,Kommandant Kavu,"A decent game marred by the fact they tried to appeal to both audiences and them needing to appease a cringe worthy amount of 'nostalgia' centric children who played the DoW franchise well into maturity on STEAM far after most of the expansion titles released.The multiplayer is fun and engaging and this game will need a few expansions to ever be taken seriously, but unfortunately I don't think that will happen given the bandwagon of hate. Three men make a tiger."
,Recommended,285190,33826514,Posted: 27 July,all,Decimus,"This pails in comparison to other games in the franchise I still like it a lot so im recomending it but heres the biggest issue in my eyesThe cover system doesnt exist in dow 1 the cover system varied depending on where you positioned your units for instance if you had a squad standing in a large crater it might provide them excellent cover but hinder movement leaving them susceptible to artillery fire or long range weaponsIn dawn of war 3 the cover ""system"" is a point you put your units in that when captured creates a bubble that completly protects them from all incoming fire untill it is destroyed then its useless for the rest of the game. thats barely a cover system.Stop dumbing down games"
76561198009432020,Recommended,285190,33729331,Posted: 22 July,all,GodFather,"This is a well made and fun rts and plays very well. As a huge fan of Warhammer 40k in general, I was largely disappointed that it isn't a gritty and dark as the universe is suppose to be. However, factions like tyranid, chaos, dark eldar and other menacing races haven't been added yet so there is still hope for that in the future. Some of the other childish graphics and music is easily fixed if they choose to fix them, but as a game it is fantastic.The campaign is simple and not as good as the other, but personally, I don't buy these games necessarily for campaigns, but mostly for multiplayer which this game excels at. I highly recommend!"
76561198101393660,Recommended,285190,34087046,Posted: 7 August,all,GøD,Dawn of war is my most beloved franchise . Dawn of war 1 - more about base building and slow progressing .Dawn of war 2 - cover system and point holding .Dawn of war 3 - elite point system to prevent players from getting too ahead of others and maintaining balance by having power generators with requisition points .Dawn of war 3 is new in system and is made on a different engine so it has different gameplay and much more clarity with better graphics . The developers are constantly trying to make it like dawn of war 1 which was the best so bear with them and please enjoy the game .
76561197979474088,Recommended,285190,31453375,Posted: 29 April,all,Brnzing,"This game is so much fun. Definitely my favorite RTS.Campaign is fun. Missions are decent length and give you lots of the progression currency that is needed to unlock elites and doctrines. Also gets your elites lots of experience.Multiplayer is tip top. The three factions play very differently and even within the faction, swapping doctrines or elites creates a completely different experience and requires different strategy.Don't listen to the hate brigade. If it looks fun to you, give it a try."
76561197987683581,Recommended,285190,31445746,Posted: 29 April,all,cyhac_0512,"Truth be told this version of Dawn of War was made for new comers in mind where they can pick up and play from the get go. Yes it does have that feel of MOBA but it is something new and you have to admit that Relic has always changed their RTS game style from Dawn of War 1 Base building/Planetary Map risk style Conquest Single player to Dawn of War 2 Squad Base Single and Multiplayer game modes to this current Dawn of War 3 MOBA feel type of game. Base building is simple and battles in multiplayer have a MOBA feel. But unlike normal MOBA's out there you have to spawn/create your own minions, choose the doctorines before entering a match and of course choose 3 elites and hope that the opposing side does not have a good counter to what you have brought into the match. Single player missions are at best, i have to admit lacking but the story it self is good enough to make you want to continue to see what happens next. I love the W40K Universe. Not gonna hide it. Am i disappointed? Kinda. Do i recommend it? After playing DOW1 and DOW2 repeatedly for the last few years. I needed something new and Relic has delivered and i am going to say YES."
76561198045165749,Recommended,285190,31566434,Posted: 5 May,all,Tutankoopa,"It's not a moba, not even close, if you don't like the game then fair enough but you don't have to lie about it."
,Recommended,285190,35110820,Posted: 21 September,all,Leviathan902,"I have had to think long and hard about this game and how I feel about it. Dawn of War 2 is one of my favorite games of all time, and Dawn of War 1 is great as well. Dawn of War 3 fails to live up to the expectations set by either of the previous titles, but has some successes in it's own right. If one looks at this game for what it does instead of how much it is or isn't like previous entries, there is a lot enjoyment to be had.VISUAL AND AUDIO DESIGN: GoodThe game looks, sounds and runs very well. Each race is visually distinct, as is each unit type. A lot of people slam this game for being colorful, but i personally don't think that's a bad thing and it doesn't go so far as to undermine the gritty 40k universe. Sound-wise it's not as engaging as previous titles, but it gets the job done.SINGLE-PLAYER: MehOverall the single-player campaign is incredibly underwhelming. The Dawn of War franchise has always lacked an identity in it's single player campaigns from entry to entry and it shows here. It's most like the base Dawn of War 1 in that you simply embark on a series of missions in order as opposed to it's expansions that had a tactical map, or the sequel that had side-missions and timed missions in addition to the main story campaign. I prefer Dawn of  War 2's Action-RTS gameplay (kinda like how Diablo is an Action-RPG), but even as a straight RTS, the campaign in DOW3 doesn't always work. The missions are well designed, but are undermined by the odd decision to have the game jump from race to race (1 SM mission, 1 Ork mission, 1 Eldar mission), and as a result you don't really get a good sense of any of the characters or enough time with each faction to really understand it before you jump to the next one. It's a strange choice that makes the campaign underwhelming.MULTIPLAYER - EXCELLENTThis is my favorite mulitplayer RTS ever and it feels like this is where the development team spent their time and effort. All the units and design choices really come into their own here. While it is true that individual units feel squishy in the face of Champion unit and artillery AOEs, it's not overly so.Overall I've really enjoyed my time with the game and I hope you will give it a chance."
76561198092110119,Recommended,285190,31676998,Posted: 10 May,all,L.Russ.Wolf of fenris,a fan of warhammer40k and should enjoy DOW3A solid RTS with minor moba elments its core a pure RTSlong fun campaingchalanging aiits more like dow1 mid late gamedow2 heroes are backbasebuilding are backall of all its great game but need more races with time and support it will flourishdont listen to haters buy it
76561198006586654,Recommended,285190,34669304,Posted: 1 September,all,Sahaal_17,"I honestly don't see why this game recieves such intense hatred from the community.I've been with the dawn of war series since the very beginning and played every instalment along the way, and I can honestly say that DOW3's campaign is better than any of the other instalments (with the exception of the origional DOW and DOW2: Chaos Rising). The decision to have the player switch every mission between races so you play as every faction involved in the war is hugely preferable to any of the other systems that have come before. The fixed race campaigns of yore (DOW1, DOW2, Chaos rising) always got a bit samey after a while, since your stratergy in every mission is the same; and the 'choose your own race' mechanic used in Dark Crusade, Soul Storm and Retribution invariably led to a dissapointing cookie cutter story that fitted all races. DC and SS in particular had huge problems in that you ended up fighting an endless series of skirmish battles and every campaign turn the other factions hit your terratory and you have to refight the same battle for control that you already did several times over. Sieriously, people have got their rose-tinted glasses on so tight for Dark Crusade it's unbelievableRant about the older games aside, the campaign of DOW3 makes a very deliberate effort to make each mission unique and different and ensure that you never get bored. Switiching up races, more unusual objectives and limitations of your forces constantly change how you fight mission to mission. In addittion, army sizes are larger than they've ever been. Far from the small skirmishes of DOW2, now you can field well over a hundred men at once in any given battle, more than DOW1 ever offered.Of course, all this isn't to say that this game is perfect. The greatest flaw i've found is the resource upkeep mechanic. Unlike previous titles in the series, units of the field drain resources to keep them there, meaning that you generate resources slower the larger your army is. This mechanic works in some stratergy games such as the Total War series, but not here. Instead it forces you to survive for as long as possible with a small force until you've gathered up enougth resources to build your entire army, then suddenly build everything at once and launch your attack. My enjoyment of this game would probebly be doubled if the upkeep mechanic were to be removed; and with mods now being enabled I'm sure someone will soon find a way to do just that. That aside, the cinematic cutscenes leave a lot to be desired. They take the moving still image aproach seen a lot in more indie games, but for a title with as much money behind it as this one they just feel cheap and lazy. Still, at least the voice acting is on point. No metal bawxes and spash mahrines here folks.I didn't mention multiplayer because I have no interest in it. Apparently it's good, but since I havent bothered to actually play it I'm not discussing it here.Overall, this installment is genuinely every bit as good as many of the other titles in the series. It's not everything we could have hoped for, but it's far more than the other reviews would lead you to believe, and I for one look forwards to whatever races get added in the inevitable expansion."
,Recommended,285190,33972698,Posted: 2 August,all,Cpt. Taco™,"While it strays far from the previous DOW games, it's still quite nice. Grab a few friends and have fun mashing armies together and enjoy watching the flashy effects. It is more simple than other RTS' tho, so be prepared to learn almost everything about it within an hour. Looks good, plays well (can feel very slow at times tho) and is decently fun. Probably grab it on sale. 6/10"
76561198221726740,Recommended,285190,34357593,Posted: 19 August,all,ilya-korinec,"That is not what most expected, true.But it is not bad.Not bad at all.I, for one, feel  grim and hopeless, as i should playing Warhmammer 40k game.And it is quite beautiful too."
76561198352396961,Recommended,285190,32363093,Posted: 12 June,all,pashley557,"As a long term Warhammer 40K Fan who know has a family and no time to play the table top version - this game achieves three main things in my view. 1 - It is easy to play and conduct basic strategies to hopefully defeat your enemy in the end game, which allows you to enjoy the concept more as apposed to having to over think and waste time. 2 - The graphics make the game look stunning, the effects of gunfire and explosions etc are awesome and only get better with a higher output PC. And 3 - It is quite simply a enjoyable game to play if you are a Warhammer Fan through and through. Hoping they invest is this DOW3 and input more Armies, extra Multiplayer maps and maybe even another side campaign would see this game in my view continue to be playable. I am 30 hours in and loving it, remember I have a family....For the people with negative reviews - yes there will always be people that hate a game, get over it and move on."
76561198007251424,Recommended,285190,34722956,Posted: 3 September,all,Kenshi,"This game is alot of fun. I love it. the single player campaign is ok. It has well designed missions which all feel very different the story is not super exciting. It helps you to understand the mechanics of each race.The heart of the game is multiplayer of course.It is very difficult too learn so i can understand why many other players gave up on it early. It has it's frustrating moments when you try to mp the first few times. But as soon as you get behind the mechanics, the micro, the combination of elites and doctrines and which units you can use best it gets really lots of fun.MP can get really intense and exciting. Some matches really going back and forth as you and the opponent trying to get control over the map. I love it. The maps are cool. The audio is cool.I recommend playing a lot vs the ai before going into mp. The AI is of course very different from a human player but you need to learn the maps.Best RTS in the moment IMO! I hope there will be more factions coming."
76561198012959874,Recommended,285190,34782956,Posted: 6 September,all,Cribstaxx,"Not the greatest single player campaign experience, though single player vs. AI is still fun. This was the case with DoW1 as well though, took them 3 expansions to get a great campaign and I have no doubt DoW3 will have one too with further expansions.Very fun multiplayer however! My favorite RTS currently. I play almost every day and usually find games within 1-5 minutes. You can also find a custom game almost any time, and there are lots of new mods and maps coming out now that the mod tools have been released.Highly recommend if you enjoy RTS, and even if they aren't your favorite as I can't stand playing SC2."
,Recommended,285190,32720483,Posted: 24 June,all,Shadow Kari,"The game is getting there, slowly but its gonna become closer and closer to a dawn of war game. Don't give up on this project, its gonna be fixed ^_^"
76561198300518721,Recommended,285190,31866644,Posted: 20 May,all,OwNEr,"Great strategy game, most people say its bad, becouse dont understand its mechanics. Dont pay attention get it."
,Recommended,285190,32810237,Posted: 26 June,all,lostSyntax,"I have really enjoyed the single player campaign. I did not play previous Dawn of War games, but as a Warhammer 40k universe fan I found the single player campaign interesting to follow."
76561198032984075,Recommended,285190,31423893,Posted: 28 April,all,pedobear[GER],"Alright, so after playing both Betas and (almost) the entire campagin (I think im on the last mission) I honestly cant even begin to understand what all this ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining is about. I thoroughly enjoyed the game. Is it like DoW 1 or 2? No it isnt. The Devs were not afraid to try new stuff for their game and somehow this is what you all hate...would you rather have it done CoD style with the same game releasing every year?Yes, the game has its share of flawns, yes it isnt perfect but for the love of the Emperor it is not nearly as bad as you all make it out to be only because it went into a different direction.For all those that are undecided...to let the ""mixed"" steam reviews decide for you, go watch some gameplay  or even buy it and play it 2 hours before you refund it if you dont like it...I i think its a nice addition to the series and if you like Warhammer 40k and RTS you will be able to enjoy this game despite what the haters say...Oh and PLEASE stop saying its a MOBA..."
76561198006766119,Recommended,285190,31544524,Posted: 4 May,all,finelias,I like it a lot :)
76561197996182489,Recommended,285190,31451877,Posted: 29 April,all,Apollysis,"Do not listen to all of the haters. Is it line DoW 1? No. Is it like DoW 2? No. I feel like DoW fans were always split into to camps. People who preferred DoW 1 (like me) and those that preferred 2 and each camp was hoping for what their dream sequel was and ended up disappointed. I am loving the game personally. Someone on the forums actually complained about the lack of part damage in vehicles, something DoW never had. Another the lack of cover. But honestly in the far future of the 41st millenium how likely is it for them to have these super guns but can take cover behind a sandbag?"
,Recommended,285190,31454026,Posted: 29 April,all,Malaka,"Why so much hate.  There is alot of unfounded hate for this game because its a MOBA (its not) and because its not DOW2(which sold way worst than DOW1 and removed base building).  So far it is a beautiful (people griping because its not ""grim dark"", forgetting that the world setting and history is what makes it grim dark not the color palette) game with a simple yet effective control scheme.So pros and consPros - Looks amazingGreat tactical additions that so far work well (as opposed to the half functioning ones in DOW1)The Elite Unit aspect is a nice addition provides some added depth and any WC3 fans should feel a tinge of nostalgia.No Synce Kills - having your units locked was a crap feature and on a whole when you are playing a rts you have enough to do instead of watching the kill animation.No Retreat - really people you want/need a ""SAVE ME"" button.  Play smarter.Better Cover System - The old one which soooo many people love apparently had tons of issues that people are quick to forget.  Good riddance.Cons - No Custom Keybinding, this is a surprise something I expect to see in a patch but not a deal breaker.  The current keybindings are very standard to RTS games( A=attack move S= stop etc).Haven't found a way to add additional units to a control group (Shift+# doesnt seem to be the go to).All in all compared to the shallow rts games that have been released lately with less and less macro focus its nice to have a rts with a good balance."
,Recommended,285190,31720509,Posted: 13 May,all,Tee,For in the grim dark future there is only war.
,Recommended,285190,31583238,Posted: 6 May,all,auDr3y,"This is going to be a fairly small-and-to-the-point review:This game is possibly the best competitive RTS since Starcraft. Not just ""because i think so"" but it simply has a strong, competitive element to it, which a lot of hardcore DoW1 & DoW2 aren't paying much attention to, because they are warhammer 40k would-be-roleplaying players; a curse that most of these games seem to suffer under.Howver, like 40k or not, this game is great. You need a good understanding of tactics, units, macro and micro skills which all play together in almost perfect harmony. And hell, the campaign isn't that bad if you play it on hard, but the gameis obviously not tailored towards a vast single-player experience.Buy it if you like multiplayer RTS. It's ♥♥♥♥ing great."
76561198005479399,Recommended,285190,31432168,Posted: 28 April,all,d3v4st4,"The game is an absolute bonanza, any 40k is doomed to get hooked!"
76561198047542606,Recommended,285190,32017355,Posted: 28 May,all,jacktercero,"I love this game, Dawn of War was always one of my favourites sagas, but this time they habe created an incredible game. There is only one thing that I would change, the number of races, now there are only 3 when in Soul Storm there were 9. I hope that in the future they will show us some DLC`s with new forms of live."
76561197961535453,Recommended,285190,31659544,Posted: 9 May,all,Maestro Cretella,It's a good game. Most of the complaints about it are wildy exaggerated.
,Recommended,285190,32582074,Posted: 19 June,all,Kim Jong-Ben,"Haters gonna hate. It plays different than the last 2 dawn of war games, and acts a bit more like a mainstream RTS. That being said it's a fun rts anyways, so I have no issue with that. If you aren't a fan though the current $72 price is pretty steap. 3 races might seem too low for dawn of war but that's about what other RTS games get so not too bad."
76561198007514015,Recommended,285190,34550510,Posted: 28 August,all,kevlar700,"Still wishing for a Warhammer 40K version of the original Total Annihilation but this is a step in the right direction and a large improvement over the previous two! One or two of the voices aren't quite so fitting as THQ managed though. I also feel Angelos is too big compared to the line troops. Titans would be nice but I guess the maps would need to scale up hugely making the games less quick and cheerful in that case against DOW heritage and closer to total war but RTS aka TA. 40K vs Epic, I guess but zoom might tie the two together.I also think the multi race campaign makes more sense giving users an appreciation for more races early on and their interaction.  A lot of the campaign missions in DOW II were repetitive, cross race."
,Recommended,285190,32578931,Posted: 19 June,all,Honey Boo Boo,"It's a good game with 20 hours of compaign gameplay and then multiplayer on top of that, but people have sand in their ♥♥♥♥♥♥s because of <insert geek complaints of how it is not a DoW game>.Just imagine it being a non-brand starcraft + dota mix and shut up."
,Recommended,285190,32652460,Posted: 22 June,all,BracnoLion,"A great game target by haters, Dow 3 is good entry in the franchise, has some flaws, of course, every game has, but some of the arguments i see here to justify the hat are just nonsense, other are really valid concerns, but i have faith Relic will work to make the game better.Dawn of War is a serie of experimentation, 1 and 2 are radically different games, and i'm glad they tried something different with 3, even now that Dow 2 and Coh share a lot in common, so let Coh use the cover mechanics and small armies, and Dow bring the big guns.The use of shields and tower don't make this game a moba, they just use some parts of the mechanics, the same way mobas use a lot of Rts and Dow2 use territory capture, a mechanic mostly used by Fps, and no one care about that. The towers and shields give some objectives and direction to action, and i like that, but i also dislike the fact that deathmatch wasn't in the game at launch, options is always good.As i want more than 3 factions, they are more detailed and have more units that the other 2 games, and Relic will add more, they even teased one at the end of the Campaign (at least i hope they launch, not giving up the game).The number of maps is really small, the single player campaign isn't good, and this is bad but it's also something that Relic do, Dow 2 and Coh 2 launch with small number os maps 2, and the only campaigns they release i really enjoy was Dow1 Dark Cruasade, Dow 2 main and Retribution, Coh main campaign and Coh 2 Ardennes Assault, so i hope they release in a expansion or Dlc a new open ended campaign like Dark Crusade, but better, with new mechanics, Relic can do that, the map pool i think will increase with patches.And some really bad stuff about the game is the options, customization graphics is terrible and no custom keys.I like the game, the battles are fun, have a lot of micro to do with units, the Elites are awesome, but the game need content, this i agree, and we will get this content as long we support the game, so if you like make sure Relic notice, with constructive feedback, but also support showing that you will play the game, and if you don't like, there is always Dow1 and 2 to play."
76561198095985970,Recommended,285190,32034715,Posted: 28 May,all,Brozar,not soo tactical like company of heros... its targeting teenagers but its a fun game need more maps and factions 7/10
76561198079851545,Recommended,285190,31559020,Posted: 5 May,all,eldraco86,Here is my video review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zT7j2vh-_T0
,Recommended,285190,31585376,Posted: 6 May,all,voodoomurphy,"Folks, the game is pretty good. Is it DOW 1 oe 2? No. Is it everythgin you wanted DOW 1 or 2 to be with pretty graphics? No. It is it's own game so stop."
,Recommended,285190,34823948,Posted: 8 September,all,ChEeSeWhIzZ93,"Always been a fan of the DoW series, having been into the 40K universe for a long time.Love the way it combines elements from each of the previous titles!"
,Recommended,285190,34589217,Posted: 29 August,all,Eveny,i like this game a decent amount the story mode is fun and over all this is a decent game
76561198005067449,Recommended,285190,32050197,Posted: 29 May,all,--==[ ZaiS ]==--,need more good quality dlc's
,Recommended,285190,34884391,Posted: 11 September,all,Sjaplain,The campaign alone is worth the money.This game isn't bad at all. It's just not the game that the fans were hoping for.
,Recommended,285190,34172130,Posted: 11 August,all,JAX PRIME,"It's not really worth the price tag, at least not right now. I do, however think it's a good game that needs quite a few quality of life improvements to make it a great game. fair warning though, some of the campaign missions (ESPECIALLY THE LAST ONE) are absolute garbage."
,Recommended,285190,33451541,Posted: 11 July,all,Syndwar,The game is fun! Most reviews are not helpful at all and some are lies. Try the game yourself and make your own opinion.
76561197962754063,Recommended,285190,32304528,Posted: 9 June,all,OD-Tacktickalz,Great Game! Wish there were more maps though. pvp is fun and the AI are fun to play against on Hard overall a A+ in my books!
,Recommended,285190,31501978,Posted: 2 May,all,STINGER,"I've had every DoW game over the years, i love RTS and this game is no exeception- its great!Its what DoW 2 should have been, not out outright abandonment of Base building but a mix of the two.The Single player is great, i wish they took the time to make fully animated cinematic cutscenes like Blizzard but i understand this was most likely a budget thing.The charecters are good, The Orc's are lots of fun and the scrap pickup machanic echos of C&C Zero Hour from back in the day.All in All, Graphics are Great, Story is predictable but fun, voice acting is spot on, multiplayer is intense and the game is a great play. 80/100"
76561197998898241,Recommended,285190,31483488,Posted: 1 May,all,Pesch,"I'm only in it for the campaign and after 7 hours of play, I love it. This game is a great addition to the DOW franchise. If you are looking for a great RTS look no futher, buy DOWIII!"
,Recommended,285190,31589296,Posted: 6 May,all,Arceopteryx,It's a nice combination of MOBA and RTS.
,Recommended,285190,31636789,Posted: 8 May,all,Wow!,^
76561198018543141,Recommended,285190,31501439,Posted: 2 May,all,Raven Ascendant,A very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,285190,32035672,Posted: 28 May,all,DOW234,"Ok so what is this good bad well nutral I have to compare to previous gamesDawn of war (no expations),      Dawn of War 2,      Dawn of War 3Basebuilding(pefered),               Stronghold,            Semi base(based on CoH)Cover good,                                Better,                    Steath(add 2+3 makes a very good system)Campain short,                           Longest,                 MediumUnits Good,                                 ok,                          needs workEletes fair,                                 better,                    bestGame modes good,                    Last stand,              poor(note i am lookin at most modes need to have planatary campains)Music Good,                                better,                    awsomeVA Good,                                     GOOD,                    WTF really never change VAsGraphics Good,                           Better,                    awsomeRaces 4,                                      4,                            3 COMEON!Recouces OK,                             poor,                       BESTOk for all thoese out there I will goive good reason so please relic please add to the games rather than change so much of it just add to the game and the good chages you wanted to put in make it in the campainBTW tried to make this like an excel sheet"
76561198070454893,Recommended,285190,31494721,Posted: 1 May,all,krutkea,Great addition to the franchise i really enjoy playing it :D!!!
,Recommended,285190,32048374,Posted: 29 May,all,MadKiLL3R96,"all in all is good, but i still miss the RTS version of DoW but, its better with story like in Dow 2, i want the Necron !!!"
,Recommended,285190,32010883,Posted: 27 May,all,ZKF_Legion,"this game is okay, it has problems with everything getting blipped and a lack of choice, but the races feel like the races should. needs work tho,  ""MORE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME MODES PLZ LAZYNESS"" but it is sorta fun if you get good! so in short for what it does it does good at it."
76561198015609049,Recommended,285190,32009273,Posted: 27 May,all,blue hawk,"Dawn of War 3 returns to the root of RTS games, base building, resource managements, and building a large army to crush the foe. It even adds heroes into the play, which can further expand the strategy of playing field. If you enjoy these elements of a RTS game, this game is for you.I read some negative reviews about the game, but most complains about DoW3 not like DoW2, which is a more tactical squad like game. But the core game is not about few squads but leading an army. Give negative reviews based on not getting what you want in a game does not do the justice for this game deserves.For me the most disappointing in DoW3 is the remove of retreat button, and the cover system in Company of Heroes and DoW2."
76561198094440190,Recommended,285190,33850930,Posted: 28 July,all,Ka_Anor,"Spoiler Orks Win,, fun campain quet loved the visuals though it did feel alittle short at the end and alittle forced, wish the inquistor had more of a story with him, also is gabrila a semi perpetual cause he just doesnt die anymore,anyway enogh about the soon to be ♥♥♥♥♥ butcherd story,i love the feeling of the single plater skimish mode of the game ya start off with small squads of men movein them around kinda tacticly  trying to hold objectives, setting up buildings for the escalation of the battle to the point were you throwing mounds of units to their death wile massive machiunces and elite unites mow down the masses, the use of cheap scout unites is a must the onlyy way to get an advantage is to know were everyoine is,now does this translate well into multipaler,,,no idea havent platyed it enogh too many disconnects, but ealy game still feels like easty dumbed down tactical version of   dow 2, this is defenetly not as stratigiciy intesive as dow2 but im ok with that, best i can descrirbe it is each army has thier unique play style but in the end you got to prepare defecive lines  to produce enless amounts of unites at the late game beastys  or stive fast and hard to get all the obj with a sea of cheap troops and esly  cruch your apponet before they can do anything,i hope they continue to add more to the game its ony been getting better."
76561198003225804,Recommended,285190,34520828,Posted: 26 August,all,Tymoleaon,"As most people in the reviews have already stated, this is not a successor to any of the previous DOW games. Most people complain that DOW 3 is not like this, not like that, but you know what? If you wanted a game that's exactly the same as all the previous editions of this series, you should go back and replay those.I have only been playing the campaign, and I must say that it is rather fun with good voice acting and great map layouts. The story is bland, but what do you expect? The heroes are awesome and the mechanics for calling them in is rather refreshing.Yes, the game has flaws like units standing by while getting shot, strange unit routing, etc, but these do not take away from the game. There are lots of cool new ideas like cover points, scrap for the Orks, and these make the game worth getting.Overall, this is a fun RTS with some new ideas, and don't let the name fool you into thinking this is a Part 3 of whatever series."
,Recommended,285190,33863160,Posted: 28 July,all,BANANMANX47,"Dawn of war 3 is really awesome game because battles are much more epic dynamic pretty looking micro intensive than dow1/2 and also it sounds very good. Do not be scared to lose this game will match you with many players your level or worse so with a bit of practice win many fights. Campaign pretty good but not amazing but gives you good practice and XP definitely worth a play.  Haters are just unskilled at game or refuse to not play it the exact same way they play dow1/2(either that or they are boring people who don't like fun epic things). You play a bit and learn a bit and you will have epic time.Game is not dead, you will usually get a match within a few minutes if not seconds, though high level players are fewer so they must wait a little longer. If waiting time is long there is also server browser for instant game."
76561198090894748,Recommended,285190,33573131,Posted: 15 July,all,DooDe,"This game is one of the few that i have pre ordered and frankly i do enjoy it quite a bit actually, in fact its become one of my favorite games, sure it isn't the dawn of war that i expected it to be but i still find it enjoyable and entertaining, although im not particulary good at fast pace rts games. The one thing i find keeping me back from playing it more is that it can take a while to find games and i dont have anyone on my friendslist to play with. So overall i do recomend this game and please pardon my english."
,Recommended,285190,33468940,Posted: 11 July,all,FunkTrooper,Dawn of War 3 is a fresh innovative take on the RTS genre. Do not get this game if you want it to be just like your previous DoW games (go back and play them instead) as each DoW game has been different from the previous its something I've always appreciated. The AI is some of the best I've ever experienced in a game even on lower difficulties and I've enjoyed figuring out new strategies. The only downside for me is that it has a linear campaign although I enjoyed the inclusion of all races even if it's a shared campaign. This is by far the most beautiful RTS I've ever played and the animations are absolutely incredible. Relic continues to release updates and I cannot wait for the release of expansions.
,Recommended,285190,34342102,Posted: 18 August,all,Darkireland,Guess we cant have nice things since dark crusade used up all the nice things budget at relic....But it really isnt a bad game its just not an RTS its not dow 1 its not dow 2 (which also wasnt a rts) its not coh 1 or 2 its a very different kind of game and its actualy not bad its quite fun if you just go into it and play it for what it presenting to you which is quite a good little warhammer 40k storie wrapped up in what ever kind of game hybrid this is trying to be.I wish we got a true dow game i wish they had big open maps with proper large scale battles between huge armies of terminators and chaos deamons again but as we didnt get that at lest this version of dow is fun and enjoyable.
,Recommended,285190,32904692,Posted: 27 June,all,BlindLuck,"It's fun and feels different than previous titles.  Man y'all can't accept change... I'd like to have more of the same, but something new is always better.  Only thing I wish was back was Last Stand."
76561198268086991,Recommended,285190,33886225,Posted: 29 July,all,Kracsusc,"The negative reviews are beyond me really, this game is really good, it actually feels a lot like dawn of war 1 to me with a bit more strategy involved, people are complaining about some moba aspect etc but i guess they forgot in dawn of war 1 it was pretty much the same just less developed, you had heros and they had the same amount of abilities, the elite units are kool and they let you give your army personality, it's awesome having your own load out. The FX are also really good, the only thing really missing and why people call it starcraft 3 is the fact there is only three races, more will be added i'm sure, Skull system isnt bad, progression is a good thing. The multiplayer ive experienced is good, there is a lot of back to back fights, unlike starcraft where you literally have one battle and someone concedes, these games go for longer and the area control aspect is good, the cover systems are also nice. Dont know why people are hating."
76561198020157671,Recommended,285190,33935119,Posted: 31 July,all,DarthPlaygus,"It's not that bad. Although not as good as Dow1 still fun, has a great multiplayer"
,Recommended,285190,31398979,Posted: 27 April,all,asmodeos,"Excellent addition to Warhammer gaming!  The graphics are awesome, the gameplay is fast and fun.  Tactics matter!  It's a great blend of RTS and MOBA, macro and micro, with beautiful gore spread across the map.Ignore the nega-hype, this game is great.Also I am finding that performance from beta to this first release was nicely improved."
76561197993619391,Recommended,285190,31411648,Posted: 28 April,all,|.:|Shotgunfist,Game is a solid RTS - could do with a balance update on line unit health and I'd love an expansion with a replayable campaign and more factions but still one of the best Warhammer 40k games available.
,Recommended,285190,31429224,Posted: 28 April,all,kazum,Pretty fun and competative. I've owned every dawn of war game and other 40k titles and this is better then 90% of the 40k games realised in the past 10 years easily. People just love sucking dawn of war 1's♥♥♥♥♥♥and cant move on it seems.
76561198043777445,Recommended,285190,31736649,Posted: 13 May,all,Kkex,Gameplay is fun. Story is amazing. Graphics are beautiful. Single player campaign alone is worth picking this up and multiplayer is a blast as well. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,285190,31615575,Posted: 7 May,all,Daledo,guud gaem
76561197991383512,Recommended,285190,31736439,Posted: 13 May,all,Synatrax,Good one.
76561198020142110,Not Recommended,285190,32862260,Posted: 27 June,all,Kingsletter,"Absolute rubbish.Game has ZERO strategy involved in it. Here i how the in game online experience goes.1-Build army2-take army and fight enemy army3-hope your army wins4-both armies wipe5-Repeat until bored.6- Hours later same in the same match, both players get bored and exit match.Don’t believe me? go try it yourself.but stop spending your money on bad games and making developers lazy. Its the law of nature let the weak die so the better developers come up and make better games."
76561198005327059,Recommended,285190,34360704,Posted: 19 August,all,=[o.W.n]= Colonel Crazynator,"I thank someone for giving me a 50% off coupon so i first try this game out just to experience things first before enjoying things.  Luckfully i have no lag, which i was expecting there would be lagging but nothing happens.  The Graphics that i heard people complaining it, seems alright for me. As for the gameplay, i have no interest in playing multiplayer in stratigy games because it's like competing in a chess competition. But at least i can enjoy playing skirmish instead of multiplayer. So i kinda like this Dawn of War 3 which is alot better then Dawn of War 2 if you miss constructing your own base!  So i would recommend check on software system requriements before downloading this game because you don't know what would happen if your computer is lacking gaming material."
,Recommended,285190,34640339,Posted: 31 August,all,Cap10wow,look it is what it is. its fun to pick up and play!
76561198005185927,Recommended,285190,33816476,Posted: 26 July,all,Toonicker,"Dawn of War 3, Hmmmm I actually enjoy what I have played of this game and honestly the game has kind of grown on me but at the same time I do beleive this game has the potential to become a fantastic game with more time and work.The focus seemed to be more on multiplayer instead of single player AND Multiplayer, and while a very large portion of an RTS games life span is indeed based on a great multiplayer experience, I also feel that Relic has almost completely ignored the single player aspect of the game and in my opinion this was a giant mistake on relics part because I could never see myself giving the singleplayer campaign more than 1 playthrough, honestly I didn't think it was all that great.Singleplayer should have been a big part of this game as well, and Relic is capable of making a great singleplayer experience, this much is known judging by how much fun I personally had with Dawn of War Dark Crusade AND Dawn of War 2's single player gameplay.If you're buying Dawn of War 3 expecting a great singleplayer experience I would pass on this game for now, and keep an eye out on any future expansions that may or may not release in the furture. If you're buying Dawn of War 3 as an experienced multiplayer RTS gamer you may actually have a heck of a lot of fun with this game, but at the same time DO NOT expect this game to be a remake of Dawn of War 1 or 2, Relic has simply NEVER made the same game twice and I personally didn't expect that to change with Dawn of War 3.I'm giving this game a recomendation, not because it's the game I want right now but because Relics games always seem to improve ALOT with age, if this game is something that you've been watching but it isn't up to your personal standards, come back and take a look at it again in several more months and you might actually see the game you've been waiting for in Dawn of War 3."
,Recommended,285190,34369181,Posted: 20 August,all,The13roken,This game is very good.+ LARGE SCALE BATTLES!!!+ I liked the story+ Necrons are coming BACK!!!- No cover ( there is a cover thingy but i didnt like it )- Angelos's running is basiclly hopping- No Suppresion!- 3 factions ( Necrons are coming though )
76561198007238059,Recommended,285190,31439467,Posted: 29 April,all,RedAngelofPeace,"Many of the negative reviews have false information.  It seems those people have not actually played the game.It is a fun game.  It's a solid mix of Dawn of War 1 (2004), Warcraft 3 (2002) Dawn of War 2 (2009), Starcraft 2 (2010). with the ""powercore"" of a certain Warcraft3 mod.One of the FEW large scale, high quality RTS games that let you customize your army before a match... You know... AN ACTUAL STRATEGY!  What you do on the battlefield with it are your tactics.This game will only get better, everyone forgets how much a game changes within a couple months when the patches come out.(BTW to all the negative reviews about stripped down features, Dawn of War1 and Dawn of War2 had less to start AND gain most of their modern functionality with expansions)Campaign was a well spent 15 hours on Hard.  It has some replayability if you use different Elites or Doctrines during a mission.  Elites gain a ton of Experience from Campaign mode and the player can earn a large amount of skulls, which you use to unlock more Elites for all 3 armies.Very fun multiplayer RTS/Enjoyable Campaign."
76561197969893764,Recommended,285190,31467813,Posted: 30 April,all,Gomoto,Game is really good. I like the single player campaign.
76561198012094847,Recommended,285190,31454046,Posted: 29 April,all,Dracul,Excellent game :3 the campaing is awesome I dont know why people its complaning .I want more races to play
76561198006641366,Recommended,285190,31451833,Posted: 29 April,all,BLOODLUST,Fantastic game! Please make more factions and maps. Cheap DLC AND XPACS? Cmon RELIC!
76561197970511982,Recommended,285190,31440538,Posted: 29 April,all,Leato,Like the other DOW games I like the over the top dialog and the story. I do notplay PVP much or at all and I bought it for the single player.  Very enjoyable for me so far.I am truly enjoying the single player game so far.
,Recommended,285190,31422176,Posted: 28 April,all,☀Apepi☀,"The best Dawn of War release title to date!Dawn of War 3 has taken the franchise in a completely different direction the results of which are a crisp smooth and true to the genre gaming experience which could honestly pass as at a competitive level. This game will be enjoyed by old school RTS fans, gamers that used to enjoy classic RTS titles such as C&C Generals, Red Alert, or even Warcraft 3.The game offers 3 races for players to master, whilst this number may seem small each of these races is vastly more developed than was offered in previous titles. Each faction boasts far more units than previous titles and more importantly each unit feels distinct. Where previous titles would give a unit simple and boring abilities (SM devastators ""press q for bonus dmg"") most if not all units in DoW3 have been given distinctive, significant, and intuitive abilities. On top of this each race has their own unique faction mechanics that add variety to the game.DoW3 introduces to players powerful Hero units that feel reminiscent of Jarmen's, Tanya's, and Thrall's, modernising them with MOBA style skill shot, cone, and AOE template style abilities. These Heroes add an extra layer of depth onto an already deep classic RTS foundation.As a result of these changes the old DoW2 crowd will likely hate the game just as DoW2 was such a huge let down to many of the orginals most loyal fans. Seeing as DoW2 was a steaming hot turd; offering less than the game that it re-skinned this can only be taken as a good thing!"
,Recommended,285190,31780666,Posted: 15 May,all,.:MasterMind:.,"Don't believe the tirade of hate spewing forth from the crowd. This game while starved of content currently is an excellent entry in the Dawn of War franchise that mixes up the basics of the genre and forms it into something new and exhilirating. Once they release more modes such as the Last Stand & Annihilation along with new races (Necrons confirmed!! :D ) then things will be in a really great spot.. then I wonder will folks change their minds or remain determined to kick this game into an early grave purely because someone might mention the word ""MOBA""?"
76561198037625716,Recommended,285190,32017838,Posted: 28 May,all,Yyberveip,"The gameplay is great. I think for the first time relic has made pathfinding and power levels fluent. Why this game shouldn'tve been released just yet is obvious. The multiplayer experience(which should not be the main aspect of the game) offers you 3 factions to go with and 9(i think) maps that all look the same. The factions thing is a pity, but atleast they offer much more diversity and customisation than in the previous titles thanks to the army doctrines and elite units. In game i noticed some bugs to the audiofiles where all sound went down but returned soon after and the thing i can't seem to be able to change arrowkeys to WASD. Also the keybinding are locked so you cant change them(even to your gaming mouse) which is a shame. If you love the 40k franchise this game should be for you, however same thing with Warhammer Total War, The game is half-complete in its current state and the final product with all DLC's will cost you apr. 120€. It's extremely fun if you have someone to play it with co-op. Recommends(guess) only because the RTS genre was crying for this game for years and it will be the only toy for us for a year."
76561198239730430,Recommended,285190,32103179,Posted: 1 June,all,K'kes Teekon,This is an amazing game! it just lacks content and GAMEMODES. Some times it feels too much like a MOBA and i...how do i say it with out getting everyone angry... i dislike MOBAS (longstory...)  More units would be awesome too. Another thing this game is A LOT like War Craft 3 and i played that game 24/7 when i was younger... heck i play it with my friends too every here and then when they come in town. Over all this game is AWESOME. just lacks content.(edit The game is getting better! balancing is one of the only issues im completly satisfied with the game currently. Ok the end of the capaign (SPOILERS...kinda) after you finish the capaign the game hints at the Necrons soooo why not make a dlc like Dark Crusade adding the necrons and (my favorite faction) the Tau. A good gampaign would be absolutely awesome too)
76561198179841863,Recommended,285190,32387430,Posted: 13 June,all,SleepyHallow,"This game is nowhere near as bad as all the reviews are making it out to be. All the bad reviews complain about idiotic things like the graphics or the the size of the in game units.The campaign is whatever but it's still enjoyable. The multiplayer is really fun and the power core game mode can make for some interesting strategies and comeback scenerios. (I've had Space Marines drop pod and army behind on our shield generator because of some invisible scout marines and they managed to come back because of it).There's some balancing issues but that's usually the norm with Relic games during the first couple of months until they fix it.All in all it's a good game that doesn't deserve all the hate that it's getting from the cultist fans of DoW 1 and 2. Most of the things they complain about like ""It's a huge blob fest that requires no strategy"" or ""Elites are too OP"" are illegitimate since blobing units and trying to use your elites like they're God is a sure way to lose the game.So take all the negative press with a grain of salt and try the game out. It'll be worth it."
76561197986903231,Recommended,285190,31407857,Posted: 27 April,all,mans,Epic game!!!! nobrain kids go play dota
76561197961037928,Recommended,285190,33783985,Posted: 25 July,all,BLaNKMiND☭™,Its good ^^
76561198023055559,Recommended,285190,33257310,Posted: 4 July,all,Chilli,a good game that gets back to the epicness of the warhammer 40k universe
76561198010093963,Recommended,285190,31492023,Posted: 1 May,all,ZiXOps,Waaagh!
76561198090425821,Recommended,285190,31494681,Posted: 1 May,all,†UNKINDLEONE†,Some ppl paid 60$ and they want to play all races? puff! Im huge fan of DOW series since 2005. I like both DOW 1 and 2. And now im enjoying this game so much. I dont understand why some ppl disappointed this. I love the new gameplay style. If you are a true fan of DOW series you will love it. i give 10/10 and waiting for many more DLCs.
76561197970593469,Recommended,285190,31488289,Posted: 1 May,all,GoDLeSS1,"Campaign is good if a bit linear, and once you've completed it on normal and then hard I'm not sure how much replayability there is.The multiplayer is great though, and to compare to DoW 1 & 2 I'd say the early game feels like a less punishing DoW 2, and the end game is like DoW 1 on steroids, very fast and chaotic but with plenty of room for sneak attacks on objectives, for example its pretty exciting stealing victory from the jaws of defeat ,smashing the enemy power core with a surgical dreadnought and landspeeder strike when their busy trying to attack yours with their colossal army.If the other reviews are creating doubt for you, I would say try it yourself and make up  your own mind.Don't see the seething pile of nerd-rage that exist amongst these reviews and assume this is a bad game. It really isnt.Dont miss out on another great WH40K RTS!"
76561198009275820,Recommended,285190,32772874,Posted: 25 June,all,The Cheeky Moon,"I really miss the combat animations from DOW 1, where walkers and melee units would initiate finishing moves and epic takedowns of opponents. It made DOW stand out, and it should really be brought back, otherwise the fighting is just like DOTA"
76561198007327862,Recommended,285190,33402358,Posted: 9 July,all,pat-watts,"despite the fact the all the reviews said this game was bad, I really enjoyed the story.A few points I think they could have made better, I wish there was more choice in the heros you could use for each faction during the story, I understand this is to make it a challenge but really! only getting to use each type of terminator once is pointless, once unlocked you should be able to use them when in any mission for that particluar faction.Some of the hero special moves are laughable dealling only minor damage for a ""special"" move, looking at some other reviews I agree that there needs to be the ability to change the stance of you units, so they will engage a ranged oppenent if being attacked, LIKE IN ALL THE OTHERS DoW's.Lastly, jumping between factions all the time is irritiating, there was ample opptitunity to throw in a few more missions back to back for each faction, giving you move chance to level you hero characters and get to grips with how earch faction works.As a stand alone game its not half bad but like all the reviews said this is not the type of game that you can make stand alone as its part of a huge ""universe"" and follows in from the previous games, to compare it to the previous DoW I would haveto say it falls quite short of making the grade, but and its a BIG BUT if you look at it for what it is, its enjoyable and re-playable."
76561197990158242,Recommended,285190,31415578,Posted: 28 April,all,[U.S.M.]HunkUmbrella,"So what can I say, at first I was in haters army cause I did love DoW 1, and I did admire DoW 2 for its graphics, veterancy, cover system came from CoH, it was like CoH only about Warhammer 40k and really enjoyed it.Back there days DoW 2 were criticized for small armies, for non base building and complaining about veterancy on  forces, you'll loose. They said that the covering that came from CoH is very hard them to understand, they asked to simplify the game, that they want classic RTS without retreat button and Relics did all that, everything those complaining noobs were asking for and irony is that the negative reviews they still get from those player who complained about DoW 2. LOL, some of them even said, well in this game it is better to be for retreat button - from that I laughed hard.As for me, I remind you that I was a hater,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by ""bubbles"", cartoonish look and DOTA like heroes, but after I tried beta, my opinion transformed into mix one, and after playing more then 60 hours, I start to like it,I like those moments when good enemies or you with your allies make an distract operation, lure enemy forces and if they wont understand that their forces will not retreat because of melee ambushes and game models cant run through enemy one - it is great, like you cant press X or T to run your hole army, but need to build forward bases and always think about retreating route if something goes wrong. I like both retreat systems.I still think that ""bubble"" cover system suck and I still think that those whiny ♥♥♥♥♥es made Relics to simplify a game, I liked how cover system from CoH 1-2, destructable objects from red to green cover, it makes you feel the world ingame around you a bit alive and do inpact on your tactics, you can hide behind your vehicles and have cover, you can hide behind its wreckege, trees, fences and etc.But those mystic invisible cover -it is cool one, I wish they could mix it with other CoH 2 and DoW 2 cover system + TrueSight.In my opinion if they did combine cover system from CoH1-2, DoW-DoW 2 and make that you cant retreat with one button click - for me it would be one of the best, hardcore RTS games ever.DoW 3 is a new game, with its own gameplay style, with good pace, fast and cruel, this game has one of the best comeback situations I've ever saw in games if you use your Elite support wisely, this game require more micro then CoH 2 or DoW 2.As always, thank you Relic Entertaiment.Ну а теперь на родном. Что я хочу сказать, переводить я не буду, скажу коротко:Я был подозрительно настроен к игре, как и все, сразу бросилось в глаза система укрытий ""пузырей"", что нет укрытий, мультяшная стилистика. Но об этом все просили, вспомните критику ДоВ 2, я люблю оба довчика, но 2ой жаловались, что там всё так сложно, система укрытий из кохи, что строится нельзя, юниты терять нельзя, у них ветеранство и под них нужен усиленный микр, армии маленькие, что надо убрать отступление по кнопке. Что игру надо упростить, и тд, и тп. Релики сделали всё это, всё это есть в этой игре. Но нубы как всегда недовольны.Это не ДоВ 1 и не ДоВ 2, ближе к первому ДоВу, но геймплей более быстрый, армии возросли, как и мощь героев, поэтому микра стало еще больше, впринципе специализированные герои против толп, могут вынести 2 - 4 отряда с одной хорошо кинутой абилки. Система укрытий бесит - ее нет, кроме гр♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ных пузырей и интересных, мистических инвизов, которые являются чем то вроде стратегических точек, туда ничто не залетает или не проходит кроме специальных, рукопашных юнитов.Поиграв в бету и релиз, могу сказать, что освоился и геймплей мне даже стал нравится. Тактически это всё мануальное отсутпление, засады из инвизов - всё это очень круто реализовано, правильно заюзанные Элитки (специальные герои), позволяют после сносного поражения в одной из битв, отлично камбекнуться к противнику.Игру советую, если в ней разобраться, вы сами всё это почуствуете, НО если вы не любите потные стратегии, где надо много микрить, следить за многими отрядами и достаточно широкими картами, тогда лучше не пытайтесь, для вас ощущения будет хуже чем в ДоВ 2 или Кохе.А так игру рекомендую."
76561198066401987,Recommended,285190,31789206,Posted: 16 May,all,Zeratul,Glorious the Emperor of Mankind truely would approve.It should however come with a warning that it is a truely epic game and will have you talking like a space marine within about half an hour! #suchafanboy!
,Recommended,285190,31411774,Posted: 28 April,all,Smok3y86,idk i like it.
76561198014077589,Recommended,285190,33794837,Posted: 25 July,all,KanKrusha,"Score 78%This review is written at just over 80 hours of gameplay, almost exclusively multiplayer as I do not enjoy RTS campaigns. This is a modern well-designed RTS. The game is an evolution of DOW2 with bigger armies and base building added in to address criticisms that DOW2 was simply too small scaled. The features of previous episodes in the series that did not function well have been stripped out: chiefly sync kills and directional cover. Cover has been replaced with True Sight (from COH2) and concealment cover (grass from SC2). Heroes remain in game but have been rebadged as Elites with players controlling up to 3 Elites as well as a host of line units.My personal opinion is that the gameplay is solid and I am confused and astounded by the negative reviews. The game was released with an objective mode called power core mode which is similar to towers from MOBA games. This was a well-designed mode that prevented early base rushes. Unfortunately it was not completely popular. Under community demand the developers have since released two annihalation modes which are actually a lot of fun especially in team matches.As with past Relic games the player is forced out of base to control the map and gain resources. The result is that this is not a slow positional strategy game, it is faster and closer to the fast tactics of DOW2 in that regard despite the increased number of units. Positioning is crucial in that range and concealment are essential to victory but careful flanking manouevres are not a major feature, which makes sense in a game where space marines have jump packs.PROs-- I love the tactical style game and the larger scale.-- Gameplay is smooth and combat well designed.-- Elite models are beautiful-- Tactical and micro skill are important and the better player will almst always win-- Scouting and detection are crucial which is an improvement on DOW2CONS-- The community is too small which means it is hard for lower skill players to find balanced matches. This means lots of skirmish practice against the AI till you git gud-- Because doctrines and elites need to be unlocked with skull points the meta ends up locked into certain choices as the risk to try a new elite/doctrine combo is too great and some combinations are simply better than others-- the skill advantage is too steep with better skilled players having a too big and too fast advantage. This can make matches frustrating and un-fun. Compared to Total War where once a player has mastery of the basic skills matches arent even but they are equally fun no matter how outclassed you are.-- the escalation system is unusual with weird gear shifts in game pace when the game was released. It is smoother now but there is almost too much requisition early game-- the scouting and detection units are the builder units which is counter-intuituve and a bit odd really-- The Elite Point economy is totally divorced from the rest of the player's economy which is a bit jarring. I have won a game once by throwing away all my regular units and calling down elites at a crucial moment."
,Recommended,285190,35153197,Posted: 23 September,all,Kozak[Linux],"This is good game despite what the people who wanted a DOW II clone say. It improved strategic elements over DOW II and has a deeper hero system and the cover system in DOW II was really just a gimmick that made it hard to position units, so good riddance.The single player campaign is intriguing and entertaining, also unlike DOW II it has a strategic element(base building, upgrading, resource harvesting) in single player. Voice acting is great and you can play as all three races in the same campaign although this can make it hard to get attached to characters as you get shuffled between the races.I particularly enjoyed a space marine map where I got to build and play with an army that had two missile artillery vehicles that could launch long missile range strikes, orbital bombardment ability, a giant robot that could launch a devastating medium range missile bombardment, orbital droppods that bombard and deploy marines; and then whatever survived that ranged massacre still had to content with my sizable main army of rocket jumping assault marines, snipers and whatnot.My biggest complaint is that the Linux multiplayer is separated from windows, this makes it very hard to find a game.Also, the cinematics in singleplayer are perhaps innovative in that they are something between a slideshow and a cinematic but I didnt find this new approach satisfying, just lazy."
76561198012641609,Recommended,285190,31403748,Posted: 27 April,all,123,there are many negetive reviews for this game and i all i see is this is a moba 90% of reviews are mad because they think its to mobawell its a new game not dow1 or 2 a new part of the franchise i played a bit on beta and got on as soon as it came out today and here is my opinion after all thats all this isi was realy exicted about this game and i didint care that it came out with a more moba games style than the previous to me it brought a new way of playing one of my fav games (been a warhammer fan since i was a kid). This game is no exception to thati am curently playing orks multiplayer and im loving it i have won 1 of my 10 online battles not afriad to admit im a bit nooby but from the start of a match to the end i am fixated on what im going to do next how i can counter what my oponent dose how to start my build order what elites to get out firstas with any rts controling the points give to a huge advantage but bieng behind in this you still have a chance to take out there turrets and gen if they are not defending properly it adds an entirely new aproach to the gameplay mechanic sure theres not gona be any base swaps of dow 1 but its not 1 and i think alot of people where expecting thatdont get me wrong it has its bad points just like any game ur doing bad and ur oponent has the 9point elite out and you dont seem to be anywhere neer that but that might just be my poor choices in the gamenow i have not expiranced the full amount im going to i expect to put a fair amount of hours into this game but in my opinion its well worth a play once you figure it out its an amazing game just dont go in expecting something its not take it as a fresh look on the seriesi play alot of rts old and new from age of empires to supcom fa and steel division and i can say that dow 3 ranks in my top 5 for most exciteing multiplayerthanks for readingdonks
,Recommended,285190,33794791,Posted: 25 July,all,Planario,"Really awesome game, do not pay attention to haters, they want a old-school RTS in a time that almost no one wants to work in micro-admins and just want war."
76561198193997614,Recommended,285190,32719033,Posted: 24 June,all,~Lemon~,"Great game, campaign is slow at the start but ramps up at the end, multiplayer is nice and balanced no problems there. People hating on it cos it's not true to the lore, it's too cartoony or something. It looks great, and plays rlly well so I would recommend."
76561198007191435,Recommended,285190,33512087,Posted: 13 July,all,oregonnative76,Maybe my computer just sucks but I am really kind of dissapointed in this game after all the hype.  I will withhold further judgement until upgrades are in place.
76561198007150342,Recommended,285190,32463951,Posted: 15 June,all,WarChilde,"I see a lot of negative reviews recently but I have to say, I've enjoyed playing so far.  I was a fan of DoW1 and 2 but dind't have any specific expections for number 3 bcause I prefer to take things as I find thme (unlike a lot of players it seems).  It does play very differently but not in a bad way.  I've enjoyed multi-player a lot but the game does reward aggressive players more than defensive ones I've found.My only real gripe has been that the compaign consistently crashed after finishing a mission for five or six of the missions. After reloading, I found I hand't been awarded any skulls or elite XP.  If you're looking for a single player, PVE game I would probably give this a miss unless it's on sale and you are a warhammer fan.  If you're looking for fast-paced, competitive RTS and you're not hung up on what you felt this game should have been then I expect you will enjoy it just as I have."
,Recommended,285190,31559665,Posted: 5 May,all,Your Neighbour,"Don't see why people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game, while it has only three races, the gameplay is very solid for the sake of multiplayer. You also get elite units of which you can choose to carry for multiplayer games so you are not limited to just one set of unit types.The story mode is nothing ground breaking, however does not fall short of expectation neither."
76561198024573383,Recommended,285190,34589215,Posted: 29 August,all,hard_drive_7,"wtf is everyone talking about? as a 40k fan, This game is awesome!"
76561198049365590,Recommended,285190,34629977,Posted: 31 August,all,SharkTank,"pros:A fine iteration of the franchise.A move in the right direction.The game whos sequal wasn't better but entertainingly different is back for a third round!An evolution of the genre.A game that's strategically harder on harder difficulties.A PvP masterpiece.cons:Replayability is low for the genre, however fits the franchise trend."
,Recommended,285190,33152628,Posted: 2 July,all,MSgt Bloodrider,"Very good game. Love and am addicted. Though I defintely have concerns. Only three starting races, wish it had last stand like DoW II, realistically there isn't that much content compared to previous games they've had, cartoony animations make it feel weird for a DoW series game. If you're going to buy it, I'd wait till there is more content released."
76561197993309266,Recommended,285190,32729895,Posted: 24 June,all,ShirleyMoor,Stop complaining about this game guys. It's good. Not great but good. It's just not DoW1.And let's not forget that original DoW was pretty meh at the start and then we got soulstorm(which still isn't perfect but one of the best wh games)So just give relic a chance to make this game great. They are taking right steps now.
76561197971442822,Recommended,285190,32402579,Posted: 13 June,all,Spectre57,"Pretty fun Multiplayer game,although it'll be nice when there are more races added to the mixup.More content in General would really go a long way, but that will come with time.It's not really like Dawn of War 1 or 2,so it would be best to not go in expecting it to be a remake of either of those games.(The tactical cover-play of 2 is not present, and it lacks the unit customization options of the first game.)It will be better after a year or so and an expansion;much like the other Dawn of War games."
76561197976391893,Recommended,285190,31396779,Posted: 27 April,all,suspision,"Beware the critics wearing nostalgia goggles. I enjoyed playing the beta, and the feeling persists in the retail version."
,Recommended,285190,33738663,Posted: 23 July,all,KillerEyeDoc,"I feel really sorry for this game! There are some good mechanics, and the setting and graphics are great.BUT... it hasn't pleased anyone!Personally, I love the single player campagin in DOW2, the dynamic campaign, the depth, the customisation of the units was fantastic.There is none of that here! A dull linear campaign, that flips between factions, meaning you never identify with your pixellated men.The multiplayer is not popular enough and so I am guessing those people don't like it either.I hope it can be saved with DLC!"
76561198022345823,Recommended,285190,31491848,Posted: 1 May,all,Wehrmacht,It's everything I ever wanted from a Dawn of War game.Check it out!
76561198087024883,Recommended,285190,31432391,Posted: 28 April,all,N-}-Mecha,"It's a great RTS, a solid game really.looks great and it plays nicely, its especially fun to see hundreds of units get destroyed by the elites. It truelly makes them elite."
76561198005985874,Recommended,285190,31440514,Posted: 29 April,all,Utt,"Amazing bandwagon going on for this game and has been since the first gameplay trailer. To Relic I think they made a fantastic game loyal to the 40k universe. Ignore the baby people who want to A move and stare at ""sync kills"". Also lol at people who play for less than 2 hours and actually write a review."
76561197980216719,Recommended,285190,31433234,Posted: 28 April,all,Throwback,"Ugh.  Never have I seen a game brigaded so hard.  I feel so sorry for the devs who have put together a really, really solid game just to have it♥♥♥♥♥♥on because that's what everyone else was doing.The ACTUAL state of the game:Single player:Decent, not amazing.  I'm still enjoying it a lot because it's a lot of agression and micro instead of defending for 20 minutes until my army is big enough to win.Multiplayer.Good to great.  I'm leaning towards great, but time will tell.  A low skill floor, with a massive skill cap.  Balance at low skill is very poor, but looks impressively balanced as you learn to play and that's what matters.  Devs have worked very hard to make sure there are no redundant choices or skills while retaining each faction's flavour (eldar hit & run, SM charge in, Orks play in waves).  Even mirror matches are interesting and varied due to the way loadouts are selected pre-game.Art.It's great.  Lots of work on making the units look distinct with their own feel.  ♥♥♥♥ the idiots ♥♥♥♥♥ing just because they can't zoom in to the Nth degree.  Like that matters.  Multiplayer is messy and chaotic, but with a little time you can see exactly what's happening (remember your first teamfight in a Moba?).  Runs smooth as silk, even with ridiculous numbers of models on screen.  Very cool.Sound.Also fantastic.  So much work has been done to make the sound distinct, clear and cohesive.  Just because some diehard DoW 2 fan doesn't like the voice actor doesn't make the sound bad - it's awesome.  It's like these people have forgotten the voice acting for the DoW2 Chaos commander.To conclude, this game is quality.  The only reason for the bad steam reviews is because of brigading/snowballing.  There is NO WAY the game deserves the 'mixed' score it is currently getting."
76561198038070619,Recommended,285190,31486960,Posted: 1 May,all,THAC0,"I see a couple reviews here from people with less than 10 hours of playtime, and even one or two with less than an hour, and they whine about ridiculous crap. THINGS CHANGE! If every company made every sequel to an outstanding game EXACTLY the same, they wouldn't be in business for long. This is a great game, and all these negative reviews over inane crap will turn people away from it and make it so people that REALLY enjoy it won't get anything in the way of DLC or things that could improve on an already great experience.I've played, and own, all the DoW games, and while I did enjoy DoW 1 more than DoW 2, this game stands well above even the first one. Yes, I agree, I would love for a campaign like Dark Crusade and/or Soulstorm, but until they add more in the way of races or multiplayer map types with DLC, I am more than happy with this game in its current state. This is most likely just the beginning for this game, and I look forward to its future."
,Recommended,285190,31958704,Posted: 25 May,all,oMoH31,Definetly worth it
76561198031737583,Recommended,285190,34560900,Posted: 28 August,all,Wolf,great game
,Recommended,285190,31558174,Posted: 5 May,all,Magosi,people dont like change ...i do
76561198175948234,Recommended,285190,32384180,Posted: 13 June,all,EnderRebel,The DOW franchise has grown so much over time having moments of greatness and moments of bad but i do like how they are able to bring back old faces into a new story and i would highly recomend this to the next person intending to buy a good strategy game.
,Recommended,285190,32186598,Posted: 4 June,all,Fergas,Lots of fun massive battles bloody mayhem. Oh and lots and lots of orks great fun.
,Recommended,285190,31401168,Posted: 27 April,all,"Phool, Undisputed Kunt Destroyer",This game is clearly a flight simulation. Anyone who tells you otherwise is just ignorant.
,Recommended,285190,31424315,Posted: 28 April,all,Tammilisäke,"What the hell are people on about? It's better than vanilla DoW 2 to be honest.. It's a bit short on polish in some areas, and has a lot of missing features and stuff that needs some more work, but the potential is there. Also to everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the ''MOBA'' aspect this game apparently has:Reading a PC gamer article that compares this game to a MOBA should not make you think it is a MOBA, i mean they are the same people who think the Souls series is the pinnacle of difficulty design... Speaking as someone who's played over 1000 hours of Dota 2, i can safely say it's more DoW than one of those Dota 1 rip off's they call MOBA's these days.."
,Recommended,285190,33121688,Posted: 2 July,all,Ryoco Wn.,"Ok I've talked to a few hardcore Warhammer fans and I pretty much understand why the game gains so much hate since its release.Cons:- Somewhat inaccurate replication of unit models- Somewhat inaccurate presentation of unit skillsThough I awfully love the game and I do want to speak for it. As a CASUAL Warhammer fan, it meets my every single fantasies of the world.Pros (super subjective):- Great optimization and great physics (ALL cores are utilized on my i7-6700k)- Great graphics- EPIC ELITE UNITS BATTLES (Solaria is so ♥♥♥♥ing badass, seriously)- All campiagns were fun. Especially the Orks, the overall presentation was so hilarious and its so great- Mod maps- Decently designed  systemYes the current stage of the game suggests it'd have tons of DLCs that might include new campiagns, new factions (I really want Imperial Guards), etc. But it's good enough for buying with the summer discount. Also think about other games made by Relic. The CoH series was pretty much the same when it was released but received waaaayyyy less hate. I'd say the game received so much was purely from the hardcore fanboy base and the its overly underrated.Solaria/10Would summon the Knights again"
76561198292664107,Recommended,285190,33471001,Posted: 11 July,all,junaid2214ao,yes its different yes its not the first dow but that doesnt mean its bad i thoroughly enjoyed it and with regular updates it appears things will only get better
,Recommended,285190,31408595,Posted: 27 April,all,ZeroOne,I think this game is awesome! Campaign has interesting plot and multiplayer is well balanced.
76561197972258623,Recommended,285190,31423678,Posted: 28 April,all,BobaFett,"I cant see any downside with this game. I enjoyed the first two, and I enjoy this as well!Good game!"
76561198039211051,Recommended,285190,33054174,Posted: 30 June,all,Crassus,First of all I am a big fan of Warhammer 40k and especially Dawn of War series and i belive that my review will be one sided but i don't care. I can't understand why this game received so much hate... It has rdally good graphics for 2017 ( i know that Dawn of War Dark Crusade or Soulstorm have synk kills but we all can say that they were kinda annoying sometimes). Games like Total war and even Dawn of War 2 receive hate when they are launched but it is due to our overhype we want a perfect game but know what perfect games don't exist.... Stop living with nostalgia for old games.Dawn of War 3 is totally worth 60euros.
76561198021530425,Recommended,285190,34789273,Posted: 6 September,all,Cock-Puncher,"Great game, big progress made since DoW II. Getting back to the concept of base building was a good flash back to DoW1."
76561198006582142,Recommended,285190,34014444,Posted: 4 August,all,Ponturak,"I realy love this game and even more i love to wath oter play the game, Sure its not DOW1-2Its more competetive and thats great, very nice sounds and very god graficks,"
76561198017092991,Recommended,285190,33741524,Posted: 23 July,all,b5001,i like the game think its ok runs in 4k should be cheaper my only complant
76561198021231256,Recommended,285190,33709131,Posted: 21 July,all,Lemniscus,"A great mix of DoW 1 & 2, with less base building than 1 but more than 2, allowing more time to focus on units and fighting while still allowing a bit of economy play for those who enjoy it (like myself). Fights are quite tactical, more so than 1 where all you really had to do was amass a horde and click-move, but not the overwhelming micro-watching that was 2, where battles could sometimes feel like large DOTA fights. A wonderfully balanced game, and an interesting campaign at the same time. The only thing I miss is The Last Stand."
76561198005657210,Recommended,285190,31495313,Posted: 1 May,all,The Boss,"Gentlemen, Gentlemen.....This game is fantastic.  I'm seeing alot of complaining on here; but I must argue that these are not true fans of the 40K universe.  The game is great as is...but imagine what they can do with a DOW III Apocolypse-Mod?  This would be pure insanity.  Not to mention the inevitable addition of new races.Alot of people B****in about DLC and Add-On's.  Oh please.  If $59.99 now, or any projected expenses are too much for you; please take a second look at your career.  Dweebs!  Tell mommy and daddy to increase your allowance.Buy this game."
,Recommended,285190,31775565,Posted: 15 May,all,Dr. Badnews,"The campaign was honestly the only flaw of this game....but really, campaigns are just tutorials for multiplayer, so who cares? lol"
76561198340580462,Recommended,285190,31886881,Posted: 21 May,all,Narunaruchan,"People aren't giving this a chance, they want DOW 2 but with more content, this is an RTS but not like DOW 2, you will have to re-learn the game. That aside, it's a great game, there are so many ways to diversify, and a game can be turned with 1 or 2 good moves.The are a lot of maps available thanks to the mod maps, and it's still only early days, many games change a lot from their start.Give it a chance, it's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,285190,31430660,Posted: 28 April,all,Meatcleave,Worth a buy if you like Warhammer 40k. If you are cheap just wait for it to go on sale. It has a nice story-mode campaign the only downside is it alternates different factions each mission so you may be forced to play a faction you do not like. Online mode is balanced and theres lots of customization for your armies (Army painter/Different elite units/skills you can use) Lots of room to experiment with strategy. Id give it a 9/10 but the lack of maps and game modes for multiplayer makes it a 8/10.
76561198106031613,Recommended,285190,33006807,Posted: 29 June,all,ShadowOfDeathMF,"I have playing playing dawn of war for the past 13 years and other warhammer title, honestly there is nothing wrong with this game and it is not a MOBA,  it is a great game that focuses on how u plan ur attack, what kind of heros,abilities and units u use during ur battles and honestly it is better release than DOW 2, i thought i liked DOW 2 but there was no real base building in it and focused  alot on upgrading gear, in DOW 3 the size of the battle is far bigger than DOW 2 and slightly bigger than DOW 1, honestly a cover system really had no place in DOW 3 , the battles are meant to be in the middle of the battlefield soaked in the blood of ur enemy, not cowering behind some wall, it is great game, people should stop giving it crap,"
76561198013714262,Recommended,285190,31811640,Posted: 17 May,all,Sureblade,5/5
76561198317346406,Recommended,285190,34471988,Posted: 24 August,all,bobbyd11,"I like the older Games better Bases and  bigger armys , in the future take out the dam demon things ruins the game tech stuff only also  Here is an idea a civil war against the empiror Space Marines fighting space Marines"
76561197973748205,Recommended,285190,33798821,Posted: 25 July,all,Winters,"If you expected this to be another DoW II, then you will be disappointed. Get past that expectation, and you will find a refreshingly fun RTS."
76561198022994457,Recommended,285190,31704458,Posted: 12 May,all,Lightning,Extremely fun online multiplayer.
76561197999566782,Recommended,285190,31484937,Posted: 1 May,all,Sparda,"Dawn of war 3 is a real DOW game and is better then DOW2 in every way.The 2nd game in the series changed drastically from the first game and took away alot of features from the core game and turned it into a real time tactics game. I still liked the 2nd game for what it was and it was a good Warhammer game.Dawn of war 3 returns to its roots and feels like a true DOW sequel.  You are able to  create effective battle lines with the amount of units you can field with a decent pop cap.  This allows you to hold your req points without spreading the army to thin and they brought back listening post that prevent your req points from ninja caps.They brought back base building which opens up alot of strategys.  Building forward buildings on the field close to the fighting allows faster reinforcments and pressures the other player.  Eldar is good at this but all 3 factions can do it well.   SM can just fly existing buildings and eldar can warp them anywear you need without having to construct more of the same buildings.   I play as the orks and constructing multiple buildings gives me a edge.     New players seem to forget about making more bases up the field and just make a single base.The Hero units or Elite units are no longer spawned at the start of the match like the 2nd DOW and Like the 1st DOW there are multiple elites availible instead of just 1.   There are many more elites in DOW3 then the original but you can only pick 3 for any given match.  They have a presistent level progression with a linier upgrade path.   At level 9 they recieve there mastery skin that looks neat that cant be unlocked without useing that elite.The MP match victory condition is alot better then a simple Annihilation and they have added a Power generator that can shield units while defending, a powerfull Turrent that needs to be focused by a large army and a Power core.   They need to be eliminated in order to win the game.   The power core has abilitys to help the defenders keep the game going.  This is more fun then just destroying a static base and IMO alot better then victory point system were you win by holding points on the map.The campaign in this game has a really neat story and is fun to play through.  The missions are well made and provide a backdrop for the fighting of the specific elite units.   I enjoyed the campaign design from DOW2 with the honor gear system wich sadly dow3 did away with. But it is much better then DOW1 from the Dark crusade and up since all the missions were just skirmish battles.DOW3 is a well made and highly polished game with alot of detail in the units and maps.  The units get decapitated, limbs fly off, bodys cut in half with cool looking pools of blood on the field.  It feels and plays like a DOW game is supposed to.  This is how DOW2 should have been and I hope they continiue on this patch and build on this game to make it even better.8.5 / 10"
76561197992728750,Recommended,285190,31435735,Posted: 29 April,all,Ruthers,"This is an excellent RTS, a worthy spiritual successor to Dawn of War I and I wholeheartedly recommend it.I'm not entirely sure why the outpouring of hatred for this game is happening; I don't seem to be playing the same game as these guys. Perhaps it's because I don't care how colourful it is and don't care that Angelos can jump in Terminator armour?What I liked about the original was engaging gameplay and likable, variable races with the fun chaos of melee vs ranged vs vehicle, which they have nicely recaptured. The Power Core game mode in multiplayer serves to prevent an early game skirmish loss from spiralling into a guaranteed defeat, which was one of the most frustrating things about most other competitive multiplayer RTS's. It means ladder matches can be on a knife edge for their whole 30-40 minute length, which is exhausting but tense and fantastic fun.Only three races is a shame, but they are all fully realised and very flexible, with the variety coming from Elite choices and small extra variety from Doctrine choices enabling multiple viable strategies with each race. Early game pressure, or late game super units?I enjoyed the single player campaign. Far superior to the original and Winter Assault scripted campaigns, but I do have a soft spot for the meta-map style brought in by Dark Crusade and Soulstorm. Fingers crossed they bring something like that back...In summary, if you liked Dawn of War I, and you liked Warcraft 3, buy this."
,Recommended,285190,34483559,Posted: 25 August,all,Huskerr,"I like this game! being a fan of DoW1 I went into this game expecting the worst since all the reviews say its aweful..... but it turns out its not as bad as reviews make it out to be.Sure its not DoW1 or DoW2 but it blends them into one game and adds some new things.I do feel like a lot of people are playing this game expecting it to be a replica of the first or second game and getting butt hurt over it.I recommend this game, just give it a go and see for yourself... you might like it."
,Recommended,285190,31799386,Posted: 16 May,all,Karl Franz,"The majority of the negative reviews are ""waah, I don't like change"". In a year when they release more races everyone will start getting into it again."
,Recommended,285190,31411703,Posted: 28 April,all,RobNichSmith,"Feels like the old DoW, Great game"
76561198115405295,Recommended,285190,33076668,Posted: 1 July,all,OJO NESU,good
76561198024274857,Recommended,285190,31402892,Posted: 27 April,all,MD Tron,"First Id like to say I really am having fun playing the game. I finished the campaign, cant wait for the expansion pack.  They will be adding Necrons for sure, hope they add CSM at some point too.The campaign did NOT get repetitive at all, I actually had a hard time putting the game down.I would have loved something more like DoW1 or even a campaign HUD like DoW2 but instead the game gives you a main screen with a chapter/mission selection, every other mission is one of the three factions... kinda sux. It does flow very smooth and turned out very well. Im not sure they could have told the story any better doing it another way.I think its great that they added the steam workshop, some of the maps people have made are very well done.The game feels a bit like Starcraft 2 with a DoW skin, without the resource grind, its instead replaced with a tower defence/resource protection and point capture.Would have liked to see an extra layer of depth, like an overlay stratagy and/or unitpre-deployment customization options.  The pre-deployment customization for Elite Units is a nice touch.You can customize your units weapons on the battlefield and its very fast and easy to get units deployed and upgraded.  The Special ""Elite"" units can be changed outside of battle with some cool unlocks and skin options.  DoW3 adds all sorts of Customization for units over all, along with units being symbiotic.An Army can be painted any color or you can select existing chapters, etc.Over all the graphics are great and the game has no major bugs. im running on max settings, no issues. // system specs in profile.I do like how you get skulls and level up your Elite units by playing Campaign, it adds replay value to the missions.Feels like Warhammer 40,000I love this game so far, The multiplayer is great.  I Never was a fan of Dota or LoL, they are fun but never got into them.  If ppl wanna say the multiplayer is like those, then this is by far my favorite.  I dont normaly play multiplayer on these types of games, but I really found DoW3 to do such a great job, Its hard to put down.  It takes the multiplayer from DoW 1 & 2 and makes them better.  It feels like a cross between Starcraft 2 and Dota2 but the real daddy was DoW, SC mommy didnt tell Dota Daddy she was sleeping around, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ showed the kid aka ""DoW3"" everything he knew...You build your 40k army with some sick units, you then deploy Elite units to the battlefield after you get enough points saved up to spend on one of your three ""Hero characters"".  You can deploy all 3 of them per game depending on which Elite unit you have and how many points each are worth.  // You might get 19 points per game to spend on Elites.  Units might cost 9 points, 4 points, 7 points... So in this case you would only deploy 2, so you figure out what you need when you need it.  They have a good selection of Units via cost and/or role type. Lots of strat and optimization.Horde units in Dota and LoL are autoA""ttackAI, but instead of having to run down your AI horde that randomly attacks in a lanes, you deploy your own horde of units and do whatever the hell you want.  Each unit has its strengths and weakness. Again the resource points need to be captured and can be upgraded.  DoW3 MP gives you more time building an army and fighting."
76561198173399643,Not Recommended,285190,31424460,Posted: 28 April,all,LostBug,"The game is good but there are problems for me so i requested a refund, im not saying its bad game, its good but for me its hurt me when the graphics doesnt change when i change them. ;("
,Recommended,285190,31525754,Posted: 3 May,all,diaboliic,"Looks bad, plays even worse-LIARSAs for ""blah blah blah dow1 is waifu everything else is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted a reskin"". Why don't you mod it then pal? ULU KEKEveryone has their preferences and I enjoy this much more than DoW1 or 2. Although the campaign does suck for the most part, DoW2 was phenomenal compared to this.I played multiplayer for about 30 hours including beta. I do have to say that the balance certainly doesn't seem solid to me and some things I don't even see a counter to. At higher level matches the win might be even determined by whomever loses the first squad is what I heard, which is very likely if you're facing orks as sm. They'll have 3 squads by the time you get to a resourse point to contest and attack 1 squad locking it in place and theres nothing you can do about it besides just not contest it to begin with, note that boyz are faster than a tac sm and apply slow. Speaking from experience... Also eldar snipers are cheesy af. Personaly the balance isn't a problem for me because the races are different and have to have strengths and weaknesses.It's ♥♥♥♥ing fun though, what else can I say.UPDATE: As I got into meta I found that everything is counterable and attackable and comes down to resourse management and microing your units. Where you build also plays a substantial role."
76561198080786622,Recommended,285190,31618935,Posted: 7 May,all,ericjelsensohn,"Gameplay is fun enough, and story is enjoyable for a 40k product."
76561198161739754,Recommended,285190,34054501,Posted: 6 August,all,spenceraptorix,"Dawn of war 3, is to be honest, a game on life support. There are some areas where the game holds a great deal of promise, others where it is a disappointment. For Relic themselves, I think they really should look back to the previous dawn of wars, if they wernt to bring this game up to an unstoppable juggernaut. The campaign and the gameplay is there but forgettable. This is sad because I like the tales of the Blood Ravens and the novels for the dawn of war games are either horrible or a mixed bag. I have only read the novelization of this game here and it is the mixed bag. Now for the campaign, many missions felt like a chore and only the missions that you got to bring out giant mechs made the mission more rememberable. I hear that multiplayer rarely comes quick, but I wouldn't know since I haven't used online multi. I have only played bots. As far as I care, this is a 4/10 game but Relic still as a chance to burst from the ash as a newly risen phoenix. So I will stick around to see if Dawn of War 3 can redeem itself in the eyes of the God-Emperor."
76561197993684009,Recommended,285190,31398833,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr.Geek,Its not dow 1 or 2 and that has annoyed me however im finding myself enjoying it for what it offers and having fun so people need to see the positives because dwelling on the other games is not getting you anywhere.
,Recommended,285190,33508953,Posted: 13 July,all,Tactician-No.1,This game has an excellent animations along with good diversity! Overall a good RTS that needs more patches to make it more popular.
76561198007664849,Recommended,285190,33426021,Posted: 10 July,all,darthcon10,"Huge 30k/40k fan, own all the Primarch models from Forge World along with over 30,000 points across over a dozen armies. I really enjoyed this game and continue to, I find the lore based criticisms rather weak, the fact the Gabe is doing flips in Termi Armor really has no bearing on the gameplay nor should you expect an artistic expression to nail the lore. I like the gameplay, I like the armies and I like the custom maps many people have built and continue to build on Steam.You might disagree with me but as a game standing on it's own and not compared to previous entries in the series I enjoy it. Do I miss cover combat? Yeah I do but most of these reviews are full of vapid criticisms. Buy this game if you are a big 40k fan or have friends who play regularly. Last Stand will probably come around eventually too."
76561198040895382,Not Recommended,285190,32717140,Posted: 24 June,all,Blitzsturm,Don't like it at all.Uninstaled it after the first minute. The whole design & feeling is terrible
76561198042774708,Recommended,285190,31424272,Posted: 28 April,all,Eeka,"As someone who has only played the campaign so far, DoW3 plays like a mix of 1 and 2. The hero abilities feel strong and impactful and the heroes are a key part of your army. The game has great music, setting and graphics and each race feels unique in playstyle. The gunplay is a little weak and units feel a little so soft (so far) but overall DoW3 feels like a good progression of the DoW series, whilst staying true to the setting and universe. Honestly if you're a fan of the DoW games as RTS' set in the 40k universe, check it out. If you're looking for DoW1 with a graphical update, go mod DoW1."
76561198055461967,Recommended,285190,31919731,Posted: 23 May,all,Men,best player
76561198313513127,Recommended,285190,33588009,Posted: 16 July,all,Adeptus Astartes,Love it!
76561198089601782,Recommended,285190,32664472,Posted: 22 June,all,Bumptastic,"I don't understand all the hate with this game. It is a lot of fun, I find it to be a nice mix of a MOBA and RTS. The ""micro managing"" of units isn't bad at all. Lot's of fun but the multiplayer needs more people. Hard to find a match some times."
76561198043859458,Recommended,285190,32832301,Posted: 26 June,all,Pipboy3011,"A very fun game with plenty of potential, brings back so many totally badass memories from when I played the first DOW, however its held back from Emporers Greatness with some unfortunate bugs and a lack of content, that the Developers have yet to address.  - 7/10Played on OSX."
76561198075277696,Recommended,285190,32301289,Posted: 9 June,all,Pawel (LINUX),Very good game. Very good linux port!
76561198160920776,Recommended,285190,31428216,Posted: 28 April,all,KOPI SUSU,"i think this is a good game, but the single player i not so good"
76561198039183082,Recommended,285190,32577804,Posted: 19 June,all,Light107,Haters gonna hate bruh
,Recommended,285190,31409384,Posted: 27 April,all,=LW= Chaotic_Knightmare,"Well fisrt off you will read through the comments and see alot of negative reviews, but from what i have experienced allready in the game those comments are nonsensical BS. Lets start with performance..I am running a 5 year old machine and the game runs flawlessly on the highest settings (Intell 4770k quad, AMD 290x 32gigs DDR3 2300), it is amazingly optimised and plays beautifully. Only have a few hours in the game atm but there has been no crashing/stuttering/framerate loss, or any other detrimental performance/gameplay factors.The playstyle is similar to oldschool RTS with a bit of a twist. You can build forward bases which is sweet, allowing you to reinforce anywhere on the battlefield, strategic points are taken and held like in DOW 1-2 and can be upgraded with defensive turrets. They incorporated a new system where each player has a shield generator and a turret that defend a single core per team, making it so you have to actually plan an attack instead of rushing in blindly, alot of players are ""upset"" with this aspect because they have to try and use their brains but in reality it adds a different fun element to killing your enemy.People also keep dissing the graphics....which is again something i dont understand, the visuals are stunning and beautiful, the bigger the battle the more spectacular they become. The models are smooth and vibrant and each one looks amazing, quite a large step over DOW2 where they were still a bit blocky. The Army Color Picker also recieved a big upgrade sporting a substantial increase to the amount of colors you can use.Last i would like to say something to those complaining about the progression system...get the f!@# over it. Some of us actually like to play a game and earn rewards for what we have done. It doesnt move to quickly or to slowly and if you are too lazy to actually earn something then you are free to go play some pay to progress nonsense. It is really quite simple you play matches, your elites earn xp and you get ""Skulls"" at the end of each mach, which happen to be the currency for unlocking new elite characters and ary doctrines. I only have a few hours in the game and have unlocked most of the space marines and a bit of the eldar.In short there are alot of naysayers but they are not pointing out flaws in the game, they are simply pointing out all the things that they didn't get, try it for yourself or watch some videos but you really cannot listen to the nonsense from the crybaby section, its a new game with new features and so far they are all pretty awsome."
76561197993675394,Recommended,285190,31397383,Posted: 27 April,all,Ludose,Campaign is fun and interesting. Hard difficulty is actually a challenge to RTS veterans. Multiplayer is layered and deep. Two Zenos thumbs up!
76561198015234989,Recommended,285190,31406968,Posted: 27 April,all,Mattis Nilsson,as of now i only have 2 hrs in bc i have to work too much and plan to put more time in this weekend  but i need to say somthing to combat the bias negetive reviews if u like dow you'll like this yes its not one which is without a doubt the best. yes its got some differences alot of them but i consider it better than dow 2 ive been playing the series for a loooong time way before it had anything to do with steam and i will update this in the future. that said i obviosly havent finished the campaign i was saddend that it wasnt the conquest style like dow1 dark crusade but the first eddition of dow 1 wasnt either. many fans should know as the game progresses with more dlc theres always new campaign♥♥♥♥♥♥like races and what not. last but definitley not least ppl dont seem to realize or mention at least that this is the first with workshop content meaning there will be guarunteed new and classic fan made maps made possibly game modes it opens up a whole world of possiblilties so 4 that im excited for 100%. so for now until i update if ur not sure yet just wait dow always get better dow 2 was bunk i think on release not bad or unplayable just not what i like about games still good though so please ignore most of the sour puss reviews of ppl who claim to be true fans but mostlikely didnt play the beta and expected to get everything they personally want day one and spent 60 to complain without trying b4 release.
76561197970566611,Recommended,285190,33473303,Posted: 12 July,all,Vshephard,"too much complaining, good game, worth it's price, interesting compertitive mulplayer is what i bought this for, not a trip down memory lane from older opus of this game.annihilation uypdate fixes the only major gripe i had with the game.remains the small oone of my dislike of the cover system in this title, it feels i dunno arcady? well it's not that it doesn't work it's just it feels at best Meh at worst out of place.Everything else, dam good and fun! Vshep out.bring out the imperial guard next plz and the Tau XXX fanx relic !"
76561198034915578,Recommended,285190,33969890,Posted: 2 August,all,The Unknown,collection DOW ..... i dont care about other people comment .....I WANT NECRON GODAMMIT !!
76561197964977205,Recommended,285190,31412527,Posted: 28 April,all,Casualington,"I feel that Dawn on War 3 is genrally a good RTS with a few problem which could be fixed with balancing. People say that the game is too simlar to a moba which is not true, this game is a proper RTS."
76561198315390338,Recommended,285190,32304896,Posted: 9 June,all,Lil Clout,It has really nice graphicz and is really fun.......
,Recommended,285190,32686916,Posted: 23 June,all,Saalmann,"It´s pretty cool, but my main computer isn´tthat good to play the game. I play it on my gaming pc every 2 weekends.Pretty Nice, 10/10 IGN would play again"
,Recommended,285190,32748792,Posted: 24 June,all,Ski,Great game.
76561197961642028,Not Recommended,285190,31413285,Posted: 28 April,all,Ragnar,after 2 missions im ready for a refund. Way too linear in missions. Didnt bother with mulltiplayer
76561198178552958,Recommended,285190,31424404,Posted: 28 April,all,NIUKing,"something is better than nothing. I like dow 3 because of the larger scale, or simply because i am tired of dow 2 or 1. yeah the anime is cartoonish and not close to lore, but it is the best warhammer 40k game released in recent years (better than deathwing, gothic fleet etc ). To those who complain about moba like, dow 2 is about the same with 3 lanes and push it to the bot to get the resource so i dont see any difference here except  fighting for vp or for a power core.I am just glad there is dow 3 after so many years i thought the series is dead after 2 so stop bithing and buy it if u are a fan of warhammer 40k."
,Recommended,285190,32233846,Posted: 6 June,all,judogg,"Ive only played the Campaign, its simple but fun."
,Recommended,285190,31406295,Posted: 27 April,all,Regulator,"While the game feels like a MOBA (Using a Imperial Knight to crush enemies underfoot is good fun) It's still quite enjoyable for me. It's extremely satisfying watching assault marines cut down orks, and frusterating when you lose a dreadnought to a wraithguard. Overall, it's great enough for me. Didn't get what you expected? Well, you can always refund."
76561198005446306,Recommended,285190,31414207,Posted: 28 April,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"Don't listen to these trolls. It's a good game. It's not a MOBA. Many other reviews explain this well.This positive review is a sign of my support and respect for Relic and their new vision of this game. As a true fan, I enjoyed every release they made so far, despite being different each installment. My only gripe is the godawful camera. I was hoping it would be in the same manner as previous titles where you could zoom in real close and tilt the camera angle.If you people continue to support the game, then expect your favorite factions and new game modes to appear in the future. Get off your high horse ""true"" fans and see the potential of this game not ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan.To all those complaining, learn the mechanics and GIT GUD. True gamers adapt, not complain.P.S. If you make a lore-friendly game, then your precious Space Marines would be able to wipe the floor too easily. Where's the fun in that? It's called BALANCE, bruh. As for major complaints on Gabe's 'flipping' stunts, the Terminator armor is supported by servos, so jumping is not impossible to achieve. Chapter Masters have access to the most advanced tech. Plus, Gabe's more machine than human now (ala Marneus Calgar) I wouldn't be surprised by stuff like this."
76561198047148798,Recommended,285190,31444683,Posted: 29 April,all,zuzar,"good graphics and fun gameplay, they are trying something new! and ppl are always afraid of new things..."
76561198005095250,Recommended,285190,31583809,Posted: 6 May,all,[NTL]Roukai,Astounding game with an amazing story. Sticks close to most of what we loved in the Dawn of War series and got rid of much we didn't. Can't wait till Chaos rises again.
,Recommended,285190,34527194,Posted: 27 August,all,Rimfire,"I have Readed so much Bad Reviews about this game that makes me curios why it so badDay I got Coupon of 50% off I though this game may worth buy it. Is the game good ? meh..It not worth €60,- yet... But  I Really   Enjoyed the Game Specialy Ork CampaignI always  love Orks stories  they are always so funny and Ork Game play is much familiar fromC&C Generals *GLA salvage general* you get your scrap  from Waaarg Towers or from fallen vehiclesAllies or Enemy Does not matter you can upgrade your troops and your own vehicles with itor Reconstruct into your own vehicle its little cheaper but risky same time. also you can Customizeyour army that quite Refreshing for RTS Pick your Fav elites and  game style you likeExample, you likeBlood Axes,  yes you can Customize your Orks been Sneaky doing all guerrilla warfareAnd such, you can buy those army Customization skills and New Elites From Skulls and you get those byCompleting Campaign missions or multiplayer or Agains AI. micromanagement can be improved here and thereSpecialy if you got huge army and I wish more in the game. this game may potential for now.. game feels like Meh..Do I recommend this game? I'm neutral about it...."
,Recommended,285190,31399637,Posted: 27 April,all,Retorrent,"I will say this about the game its rather enjoyable, I have played all the other DoW games and this one is a bit diffrent then those in the past. If I had to compare to another RTS I would say its more on par with Starcraft 2 then a DoW game. Gone are cover, unti supression and a few other things from past games. Most of my time so far is in the Single player with a few matches in the multi. If you expect DoW 1 or DoW 2 you are in for a bit of a dissappointment this game plays more like SC 2 with a DoW skins and units if anything wait for it to go on sale and pick it up on the cheap. I personally liked the game enough that I don't regret paying full price for it."
,Recommended,285190,31396591,Posted: 27 April,all,Velcro Spider,Me peeperz! I'z blind!
,Recommended,285190,31444633,Posted: 29 April,all,SnitchTongue,"A departure from the more classic RTS setting of DOW1 and thhe CoH2 style gameplay of its predecessor, DoW III is a welcome addition to the franchise encorparating a more DOTA / LOL stlye format of gameplay but staying true to the core element of being an RTS with base building and Mass Armies.The campaign is very richh in story with thhe Orks certainly the best of thhe bunch in terms of depth (is that possible for an Ork?)however multiplayer only features one game mode which i hope more are added."
,Recommended,285190,34339671,Posted: 18 August,all,Majestic Manatee,"When all is said an done, it is not another dawn of war game. It is similar to Company of Heroes, and is even made by the same company. It is a different game alltoghether, and judgement shouldnt be made based off of previous games. This is much more fast paced, and involves alot less standing around, but it lacks a cover system, and it is missing morale. Overall, it is still a good RTS game, but it is not going to please the fans of the series."
76561198284983590,Recommended,285190,35200248,Posted: 25 September,all,stop looking at my screen,"fast, but good"
76561197975487830,Recommended,285190,33410245,Posted: 9 July,all,Templar,Game is fun so far
,Recommended,285190,31405416,Posted: 27 April,all,Art,"A must buy if you want to pay for things only to find out theres a in game currency paywall for unlocks and likely a dlc in the future.Edit: Since then they have inproved the game so that space marines are as good a shot as a ork and your typical eldar unit can wipe out a squad of space marines before they get killed, guess all that armour is just slowing them down."
76561198008632425,Recommended,285190,34942762,Posted: 13 September,all,DutchmanX,"its a bad dawn of war game, but is a decent not dawn of war game."
76561198043094837,Recommended,285190,31400702,Posted: 27 April,all,Guddahbuddah,adding old features from the first dawn of war takes me back and ties the game together well
,Recommended,285190,31484050,Posted: 1 May,all,Eddie,"Great game, read up about the changes before buying it and leaving a♥♥♥♥♥♥review :)"
,Recommended,285190,34359083,Posted: 19 August,all,Hardman,"Everyone is slamming DoW3 for 'not being a true successor' and 'not being as good as DoW 1 or 2'. But what people don't realize is that while the game doesn't have 60 different campaigns like the last few games and doesn't have a cover system (boo-f**king- hoo) the game is still wonderful, especially to loyal Warhammer 40K fans. Intense and beautiful battles, army painting, customizable heroes, engaging story and relatively bug-free gameplay still makes the game a wonderful edition to any DoW fan. Especially if you managed to get your hands on a 50% off coupon."
,Recommended,285190,33195012,Posted: 3 July,all,Sleepy (chat off),"I like this game.It has much more tactical decisions than previous games, the combinations of doctrines, elite warriors and their elite doctrines and basic unit types greatly improve this games replayability.Towers and other defences helps to avoid stupid rushes at very early beginning of the game, that makes sense.I miss cover system and supression, they were very good in DoW2 Retribution.I like playing against AI and balance seems to be quite good for me, comparing to first two DoW2 games, where only in Retribution balance becomes really good.I was afraid that graphics and very small units will interfere with readability of what is happening on the field, but that was less of an issue.The biggest problem for me is unit portraits at the bottom of the screen, they are all so the same, it's hard to find unit type you need without staring at them for a long time. Some other annoying UI/UX issues, but that's not very disappointing, as we have new great RTS to play.Would love to see Necrons and Tau in add-ons."
76561198005481360,Recommended,285190,33469353,Posted: 11 July,all,^6Prickle,I am sorry but this game is phenomenal. It is a good mix between dawn of war 1 and dawn of war 2. Everyone trash talking this game simply can't appreciate change. Worth trying community.
76561198035521879,Not Recommended,285190,33728438,Posted: 22 July,all,MemeBoi,.
,Recommended,285190,31407065,Posted: 27 April,all,Root-Beard,WAAAGH!
76561197985925020,Recommended,285190,31404632,Posted: 27 April,all,bytemarx,"I like the game, think I can get a lot of fun out of it. I only have a few hours play but so far I feel I like the direction they have taken it.The franchise didn't go the direction some people wanted, standard internet reaction ensues."
,Recommended,285190,31403014,Posted: 27 April,all,Tekky The Human,"This is a far more competitive Dawn of War, at the cost of quite a lot of content. I think it's a favorable trade-off personally, but it's pretty sad to see 8 maps on release, 3 factions, and a lack of overall army variety. Hopefully community maps and faction DLCs (which everyone will complain about and then buy anyway) will round this out a bit more down the line.I'd say enjoy the absurd amount of salt while it lasts. It's nice not having units refuse to follow your instructions for the first time from Relic."
76561198028099729,Recommended,285190,34403342,Posted: 21 August,all,marete,"not as as bad as the reviews, quite good actually"
,Recommended,285190,31444705,Posted: 29 April,all,danaketh,"It's new, it's pretty, it's simplified in a way and it's fun. At the moment there are only two things that hold me from giving the game a full 10/10 - campaign seem to be really short and I don't really like the way it works; lack of Chaos in the game (I'd play the hell out of them).Worth every eurocent, especially if you're a Warhammer nut like myself :)"
76561198015470349,Recommended,285190,33408481,Posted: 9 July,all,Tari,Its super fun. Its more like the first one which was way more fun. Definitely worth getting.
76561198020719716,Recommended,285190,32789275,Posted: 25 June,all,Britard,"It's a great game despite the negative butthurt reviews. It has a solid campaign and fun multiplayer with both new style ""destroy the core"" and annihilation mode - destroy every enemy building.It is definitely set up to expand in the future with new races, doctrines, elites, modes. I don't think that you should get it for 60 euros right now as it is, buy it on sale (like i did) but it's a good game nevertheless."
,Recommended,285190,33589399,Posted: 16 July,all,cjshreds55,"At release, DOW3 lacked a lot of content and I firmly believe this is attributed to SEGA, who was breathing down their necks to release it asap. But since then, the developers have been in constant communication with the community. With each update comes new maps, skins, improved balance, and of course, new modes (Annihilation mode). And it wont stop there. While DOW3 started off on the wrong track, it is becoming better and better with each update. There is much potential here and in a few months, DOW3 could be a true successor to the first two games. All it needs is time, content, and most importantly, support from the community."
76561198057673137,Recommended,285190,32403601,Posted: 13 June,all,kellym,"This game is a nice blend of the dawn of war 1 base building and units, with cnc style epic units, and company of heroes 2 style upgrade elements, all things which I really like, and hero leveling with elites, which would be more cool if it mattered more stats wise for the individual elites, I just wish it had a better cover system, like dawn of war 2/company of heroes 2. more dawn of war 2 style characteristics in general. specifically cover, I don't like seeing ork rokkets magicly phasing through stone walls up hill into tactical space marines faces despite being behind stone blocks. or mountains. that kind of stuff belongs in starcraft 2.and key races are missing. like chaos and imperial guard. and no tyranids? that hurts the most. and the ork looted tank?But I look forwards to new development. Perhaps they can take a page from the company of heroes 2 book, so to speak, mod wise, and add different population modes. my machine can run this game fine with ork 250/250 but others may appreciate the ai making less units. I on the other hand would love to see a 300, 400 or even 500 unit cap for 1v1's. maybe units would matter more against the elite epic units then.Perhaps when the imperial gaurd come out they should make sand bag walls oh I can smell the hate mail from here.Perhaps some crazy game mode where every body gets every elite epic unit. crazy I know, but this could be really fun especially for ork because they have so many its hard to choose. This would also give some use to those un used elite points generated over long games. Perhaps when you have all you're allowed elites, those points could become power/req?you guys need more 3v3 maps, bigger 3v3 maps, and preferably some 4v4 or 5v5/6v6 maps. just because dawn of war 2 was a 6 player max game, doesn't mean this game should be, more max players is never bad, perhaps a team of 6 vrs 2 could be neat, for a novice/pro 2 man team vrs 6 of the easiest ai. I know of many who would do this all the time on other much older video games. and no I don't mean just star craft.As a fan of many, many rts over the decade, from so many command and conquers to years of starcraft, dawn of wars and company upon company's of heroes, this game isn't perfect, but it is fun. I hope they go further with this game and make it more physical and more dynamic."
76561198022415609,Recommended,285190,33409791,Posted: 9 July,all,Agdeboer,If you enjoyed the previous Dawn of War titles then you will certainly enjoy this one. The game play and story are fantastic.
76561197989238641,Recommended,285190,31403851,Posted: 27 April,all,Lorn,"I have played all iterations of Dawn of War, 1-3.  I played the beta of DoW3 for around 10 hours this weekend and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The full release has been a pure pleasure to play in both multiplayer and singleplayer.  The core and turrets allow the underdogs to take advantage of over-eager opponents and make comebacks.  It's a very interesting and fun game."
76561197972523087,Recommended,285190,33177191,Posted: 3 July,all,J.G.RICH,"Did not bother with the Single Player game. My group of friends specifically purchased this for multiplayer. While we initially were getting our heads stomped we are now the ones doing the stomping. Playing as space marines, having fun! I feel like i'm playing Warhammer 40k but without the hassle of minatures and dice! (sorry no time for that in life anymore). Love the graphics, sound effects and voice of the units. I like how game receives ongoing updates and balance patches. Although they recently nerfed the Terminator Chaplain in the last patch which makes him untenable as an elite choice.NEGATIVE: Single Player Campaign seems very linear and cookie cutter, stopped playing after first 2 missions.  MUSIC. Where is the awesome music we had in past Dawn of War titles? the only good music is the title screen and intro cinematic, is there even music during missions? if so it's very underwhelming."
76561198005180861,Recommended,285190,31424527,Posted: 28 April,all,Ruprechtus,Loving it so far! Looking forward to new races.
76561197987355726,Recommended,285190,32828466,Posted: 26 June,all,Azkron,"The graphics look good to me, it feels like an homage to the Warhammer painted miniatures. The campaign is fine but I would rather have had one like DoW2 or Dark Crusade where you can customize your army and decide what to do.The multiplayer seems good to me specially now that they have included the normal mode.It isn´t the greatest game ever but to me the reviews in general are beign a bit unfair.Hopefully they´ll release a good expansion like Dark Crusade with more races like Tau and Tyranids and it will get better."
76561198001969592,Recommended,285190,32761364,Posted: 25 June,all,Tom1664,"Not sure why all the purists are bellyaching into their neckbeards - I enjoyed playing this.Admittedly the Eldar missions can eat a big ol' bag of genitals, having only three factions on launch suggests there's going to be a borderline microtransactional approach to DLC and the lack of depth in multiplayer options limits the amount of fun you can have.On the other hand, mounting a desperate defence of a key location in 3v3 multiplayer and autistically screaming at your Elite Point stockpile to tick up one more number to let you drop fire, wrath and ruination on an unending tide of squishy orcs will never, ever get old."
76561198043983526,Recommended,285190,34106454,Posted: 8 August,all,destroyerblood,I actually have no idea why this game is getting so much bad reviews. I'm convinced that people were just expecitng a game similar to the previous ones. As someone who has played RTS games at a competetive and high teir level (starcraft) the game mechanics are pretty fluid. I'm astounded at the mob mentality that is destroying this game and any chance of having a healthy multiplayer comunity.
76561198007146907,Recommended,285190,34525701,Posted: 27 August,all,Micmac,"Loved it,seen negatives but for fan of warhammer,its better than nothing and plays graphicly awesome with AWESOMENESS!!!!"
,Recommended,285190,31421505,Posted: 28 April,all,Godseyeview,"Dawn of War 3 is the best game ever made.  there are layers upon layers of strategy metagame from resource management, to tactical height advantage to range, to strategic control of listening posts, tactical competence in unit preservation retreating or die fighting, to massive armies and bottlenecks, to bubble cover shield in defence contingencies, to forward base risk vs reward, to elite unit launch order, to twitch ability to not misclick specials, to consequential rock paper sissors unit production, to powercore precision strike tactics, to the number of combinatroics of elites and doctrines combinations, to melee vs range tactics, to kiting tactics, to vehical vs infantry dynamics, etc etc too many to list all.  As well as all that the game has a map editor as well as community win conditions and maps.  Everything is so well thought out building on all of Relics experience to this climax.  A definative true Warhammer 40k game.  This game is beyond amazing and expectations.Definiate BUYMan it just keeps getting better and better.  The workshop has all your favorite DoW1 maps now  and the annihilation mode makes this game true Armageddon Apocolyse Escalation.just lOOkhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956321330As a long time 40k fanatic as well as a lore expert in multiple cyberpunk cannon i can document that DoW3 is the most accurate representation of the 40k universe ever created.  From the augemented hydrolic jack boots directly implemented from the shadowrun street samuri catelog for power assisted terminator front flips to the exact mechanical recreation of force field bubble cover accurately recreated from the phantom menance jar jar final battle, I can say with certainty that Relic devs are masters of realism."
,Recommended,285190,32841135,Posted: 26 June,all,Siren,doont understand the hate for this gameits perfectly fine all i really see from people is them getting mad that its not EXACTLY like the old DoW's
,Recommended,285190,31415597,Posted: 28 April,all,Mild Mannered Manatee,Beautiful Graphics.Sleek Interface.Good Optimization.Customizable Armies.Awesome Elite Units.Fun Campaign.Enjoyable Multiplayer.Lots of Potential.Why people are bashing this simplyfor attempting to breath some lifeinto the RTS genre is beyond me.Everyone realizes that the RTS genreis basically dead right? This is the first AAARTS game from a major IP in how many years?And all people have to do is complain becauseit is attempting to borrow style from the successorgenre that killed it? The internet never fails to impress.
76561198122227791,Recommended,285190,33778853,Posted: 24 July,all,VentedGravy,DAB
76561198325270374,Recommended,285190,34788335,Posted: 6 September,all,OberjarlMagnus,This Game is Awesome!
76561198142380844,Recommended,285190,31395522,Posted: 27 April,all,TheScaryDoor,"Its a lot of damn fun! It is a departure from the traditional formula of DOW 1 (the 2nd one is complete garbage, get over it) in more ways than one. It wouln't be in a bad way either if they just added more races, buildings and maps at launch. But like I said, a departure in more ways than one. Needs more content, DLC to the rescue! Hell we're the asshats that keep buying the crap.(I totally plan on buying the DLCs, as I cry watching the gaming indistry go up in flames with every DLC purchase I make.)"
76561198009477939,Recommended,285190,33579328,Posted: 16 July,all,OW Lord Chaos,Great Campaign Mode.
,Recommended,285190,32825295,Posted: 26 June,all,Autumn_叶秋,Better than I expected
,Recommended,285190,34136891,Posted: 9 August,all,Kaldirelflord1,"If you liked the first game, you'll love this one. It has the original commanding units/buildings on a wide scale battle. The graphics are amazing and it really makes up for the 2nd game!"
76561198194451787,Recommended,285190,34255115,Posted: 15 August,all,SilverDynomite,"Overrall it is a good game. The game is obviously not as the good as the first one but it has good elements from both DOW and DOW 2. The base building is back and is much appreciated. The elite units for each race are unique and have certain things they are specifically good at. There needs to be more game modes and maps without the help of the steam community. The army painter is here and it is good as ever. The voice acting is still the best voice acting I've ever heard. Combat is a little lackluster from the previous games with no special execution animations. The campaign is pretty good but not the greatest in the franchise. The gameplay is actually good. The only major complains I have with the game is lack of content and the game only having three races at launch. I do believe if they add more modes, races, and maps then it will be a better game than it is right now. It has a lot of potential and room for improvement. I don't regret buying this game at all I've had fun with the game so far and I hope they do more with it."
,Recommended,285190,33303594,Posted: 6 July,all,Sir.Ret,Blood for the blood God skulls for the skull throneWe must killChaos consumes usDeath to the false emperorWhere are my chaos armies
76561198004360448,Recommended,285190,32101976,Posted: 1 June,all,Tris,Great game!
76561198046082050,Recommended,285190,31407017,Posted: 27 April,all,Imjustabill,May not be the best game ever made but 55% rating is ridiculous.
,Recommended,285190,31418640,Posted: 28 April,all,MallardKing,best game ever
,Recommended,285190,31624450,Posted: 8 May,all,summerlemur,a
,Recommended,285190,32353082,Posted: 11 June,all,Tiяit chan,Awesome game :D
76561197970893776,Recommended,285190,32331197,Posted: 10 June,all,Herr Waffeln,"This is my first Warhammer game, and I can honestly say I'm hooked. Not only is it a fantastic RTS, the storyline is also intriguing. I don't want to give anything away, so I won't say much, but the story keeps the player guessing as to who will rise to be the most powerful race, with numerous twists and turns. I do not play many RTSs, but I have played a few such as MoW:AS2 and Starcraft, and Warhammer 40k is the most fascinating series I have come across. Unless you hate massive, bloody, sci-fi space battles with giants towering above everything else, spreading death and destruction with every step (in which case you need proffesional help), this game does not disappoint."
76561198100234910,Recommended,285190,31882730,Posted: 21 May,all,Heisenberg,love the game :D
,Recommended,285190,31443090,Posted: 29 April,all,midtwo,"Don't follow the hate train, this is the best rts out there, just needs a few feedback from players to balance the game."
76561198014779935,Recommended,285190,31396836,Posted: 27 April,all,Glenn The Troll,"You can ignore all the butthurt fanboys.To all the negative reviews, way cant you just accept that this is a DOW3 with new features?this is NOT a remake of DOW1 or DOW2.(something you all thought i guess)Its a new game buildt on the series.And its a much more fun game in my eyes, the two other games in the series was to hardcore for me.if you pressed the ""retreat button"" to soon or to late, in DOW1 and DOW2 you lose,now you dont lose the game the first 2 min if you lose a squad early game.if you lose a squad after 10-20min on the otherhand... Phase 3 and up, you dont get a refound on your lost trops.and if you cant handel the price or DLC, think of this: if you skip 1 night on town, you have the game, and if you skip 2 nights you have the game, and all the DLC`s that are to come :)"
,Recommended,285190,31413512,Posted: 28 April,all,Brandoid,good imo
,Recommended,285190,31397914,Posted: 27 April,all,✪Noobiologist,HAHAHAHA haters gonna hate. Sometimes people go out of the line and think themselves as the better one. Try developing a game then see if your mouth is big as your skill. If you people don't like the game then why BOTHER to play? EZ GG NOOBS
,Recommended,285190,31399657,Posted: 27 April,all,PREDATOR,Very fun! Awesome sound effects and graphics! and a good mix of the first two games combined!
76561198052609619,Recommended,285190,31402880,Posted: 27 April,all,Jabba_from_the_hood,"Nice game, lots of bandwagon hate from idiots who just wanted HD DoW1, please stay away from their reviews.the game is fresh and brings alot to the table."
,Recommended,285190,31417775,Posted: 28 April,all,HEVIS,me smart me ork me rush me win
76561197968968728,Recommended,285190,31404601,Posted: 27 April,all,Bolsh,Fresh take on an already incredible series!
76561198062293067,Recommended,285190,31424314,Posted: 28 April,all,natem,Love it. A true successor to DOW2
76561198098631949,Recommended,285190,32265842,Posted: 8 June,all,_bonenuh,"Despite the hate this game gets, i really love this game. Its my first Warhammer 40k series that i played and i am really enjoying the game."
76561197967809953,Recommended,285190,32246884,Posted: 7 June,all,Marduk,WAAAAARRRGHHH never been so much fun
76561198092367127,Recommended,285190,32703269,Posted: 23 June,all,Czechmate,warhammer i click i buy
76561198031994802,Recommended,285190,31418876,Posted: 28 April,all,DarkXuin,"This game is amazing, 10/10. This is exactly what I was expecting and i'm really not sure what game all these people with negative reviews are playing. I highly reccomend trying the game for yourself (steam has a 2-hour refund policy). I was convinced I loved it by about an hour and  a half in."
76561198021361061,Recommended,285190,32374446,Posted: 12 June,all,J.J.J. Watermelooon Jr.,Great Game 9/10
,Recommended,285190,32794235,Posted: 25 June,all,jungbiny2,"if you are a fan of warhammer 40k, and like massive battle rts, this game is for you"
,Recommended,285190,31396197,Posted: 27 April,all,·•£RöTÎCµš•·,Isn't perfect DoW game but still nice !
76561198066339948,Recommended,285190,34021712,Posted: 4 August,all,Firstborne,"So far, I've played the game for around 50 hours or so. I'm still impressed with the graphics, and units.I'd obvioulsy like to see more content. Lets get some Tau, Sisters of Battle, Dark Eldar, and the Necrons up in this fight. Never forget the Imperial Guard!I don't know if, or when that will happen, but for the price I paid for the game, I got a pretty decent return.The devs tried to meld Dawn of War II and the original series. I feel like they did okay, but it seems there is decent among the ranks.A lot of players are saying the game is to MOBA, and a lot of people are saying skimmers are OP. I don't see the MOBA point of view at all. I just don't. Skimmers can be OP if you aren't ready to defend yourself from them. The buildings in the installment of Dawn of War are made of Cherry Paper, and they burn spontaneously - no help needed.I'd say in the end, I'm still going to leave my vote as recommend. Sure, better defenses would be great. More races would be amazing. More story and back story would be great. Better hero customization (skills, armor, abilities, passives, etc) would be amazing.That would all make this game insanely fun. Yet, there is a possibility that those features can still be added, and even as is, I have enjoyed the game thus far, and I am not done yet.I would encourage the devs to pay attentions to what the players are recommending.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Burn the heretic.And millennials."
76561198087566272,Recommended,285190,31417811,Posted: 28 April,all,siewwah,First perspection in this game:1) DOW1 in 3-D version.2) Less micro management.3) A fast pacing war game with potential.4) Thanks-God-It's-Not-Next-DOW2
76561197995406141,Recommended,285190,31423946,Posted: 28 April,all,Sanity,Awsome!
76561198187753186,Recommended,285190,32427135,Posted: 15 June,all,sethryan827,"You guys need to relax, the game is not bad, its a great game and has a long ways to go. They are already launching new game modes for the original DOW players. This game has a long ways to go and to be honest, a bright future. The devs are doing an amazing job, great work."
,Recommended,285190,34361342,Posted: 19 August,all,Inamatus,"I have a problem... And I have a problem with the gamers' community.'Give us a sequel, we want new content!' 'But we want it exactly like the prequel! Why is this new content different from the old?'Goddess almighty, what's happening? People spend time to make a game, put their knowledge, skill, talent and creativity into it. They create something that they're most likely happy with and proud of. And recently - more often than before - I keep seeing good games being slammed with 'It's not like the *insert title here* game I played before, why are you not following set traditions?'. 2nd DoW is different from the 1st... Did I miss the pitchforks or everyone was so utterly happy with the difference?I imagine people don't like change. To be fair, at this very moment I am dreading of a certain potential change in my life. But come on. You wouldn't expect an artist to paint same things over and over again, or a sculptor to make same somethings, whilst they want to change and to experiment and to have fun in their own work space.Come to think of it, I'll just throw it out there, could it be that people who compare sequels to the original are generally unhappy people who are not happy with anything? Disregard if not applicable.Anyway, back to the goat. This is a good game. The amount of work that was put into it, the quality and creativity is very plausable. It's worth support, not just some horrid sounds of torches and pitchforks coming out of some basements somewhere because it's not the same...I'm not taking just one side either. Game could be better in some ways too. Main concern would be probably lack of playable races (as of today). I'm a big Eldar fan, so I'm happy to an extent, but having only Space Marines, Orks and Eldar to play with is just a little bit unfair for a release package. I would like some Dark Eldar, Chaos, Necrons, Tau and other races to join the party not because they were in previous games but because it'll be fun, diverse and has all the massive potential in it with modern capabilities to bring them to bloody life the way they'll be best at.Devs are adressing minor issues that are making life better, but without support from the community they'll just eventually not be able to afford actually making new races and diversity and all the fun stuff.I wish the developers to not get upset, raise their heads up and be like 'Yas! Ynnead is coming and we will have the day!'. I think you guys made an amazing game and - even though it had a bit of a bleh start - you'll get your players and support and will be able to actually go the way you would like to with it."
,Recommended,285190,33688897,Posted: 20 July,all,tommyd_afd89,Bring the Tau Empire for the greater good!!
76561198110978263,Recommended,285190,33702284,Posted: 21 July,all,keklulz,"Bought the game last night and started playing it until bed.  Playing a little now.  It's actually a pretty damn good game all in all.  I don't get what people's problems are and why there are mixed reviews but I enjoy it a lot so far.  Graphics are amazing, story line is great, combat looks scary as hell..  Maybe people don't like that in the campaign mode you switch between Eldar, Space Marine, and Green Skin factions.  I'm not surprised that it's like this, but the people playing shouldn't be either.9.5/10 in my opinion, great game, would definitely recommend to any Warhammer fan out there."
76561197983906922,Recommended,285190,31398784,Posted: 27 April,all,Reav3,Great Game! Loved DOW 1 and this feels liek a return to form for Relic. Best RTS I have played in ALONG time!
76561198094690861,Recommended,285190,31395475,Posted: 27 April,all,TheRealAmeno,Orkz Orcs Orkz orcs!
76561198068318962,Recommended,285190,31402885,Posted: 27 April,all,Novah,Ive played the open beta and Have been starting to play this and i have to say im still as impressed as a was in the beta it really brought back my love for RTS's Dont listen to the people who say its a moba all multiplayer games that involve battles with one another are mobas
76561198038975637,Recommended,285190,34175706,Posted: 11 August,all,Coatimundi(helix),"Game is really good. Ignore the idiots commenting on this game saying its bad. If they made the game like DoW1 they would be b***hing its not like DoW2. If they made the game like DoW2, they would b***h its not like DoW1. Fan boys need to calm their s**t down and enjoy it for what it is. I would have more hours logged in but being that my life is quite busy, I cant always play what I want, but from the online videos I see, and the little time I have played, I enjoyed it. The only thing I think they could have done better is the Campaign, other than that. Its a great game."
76561198294076726,Recommended,285190,31403029,Posted: 27 April,all,PoleTrain,"Good Times, man."
76561198073303592,Recommended,285190,31395953,Posted: 27 April,all,2290 Represent,Great game and optimisation.
76561198008133142,Recommended,285190,34285894,Posted: 16 August,all,erwokie,I Didnt like this game at launch but its a lot of fun with some of the tweaks they made.    Glad I bought it now.
76561198157413201,Recommended,285190,32214069,Posted: 5 June,all,rev618,Great game. I prefer this to the previous editions. Very much looking forward to future army expansions....especially the Necrons!
76561198410029743,Recommended,285190,34318613,Posted: 17 August,all,Deftfur,"I read a lot of the reviews from fans of DoW, which I've never played, who disliked this game but I decided to try it out anyway being a big RTS fan. I started out playing against bots in multiplayer and got my @** handed to me a few times. I wasn't really sure what was going on but I blame myself for not going through the campaign right after the tutorial to help get a grasp of the mechanics, factions, and feel for the game. I really enjoyed the campaign. I found myself anxious to get home after work to play the rest of the storyline out, although it was short lived. It would have been nice if it was a little longer but hopefully a DLC will drop with some bonus campaign missions. If you want a RTS game that's more than the typical Command & Conquer, I highly recommend Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War III. I'm 30hrs into it and I know there will be many more to come."
,Recommended,285190,31407016,Posted: 27 April,all,Samanw,This Game is Magnificent Like 1 and 2 Just ignore negetive comments and get this game
,Recommended,285190,31402972,Posted: 27 April,all,Sir.Edlin,"Hello,game is fun and feels like DOW. Do not listen to those who are comparing this game to a MOBA. It is not. It is a real time strategy period. Most of the negative reviewers are just repeating themselves like freaking parrots."
76561198342993224,Recommended,285190,31404686,Posted: 27 April,all,KnowledgeOfSelf,The game is good just get it. seriously.
76561198006729765,Recommended,285190,31399679,Posted: 27 April,all,Raging Poner,Buncha nerds trolling reviews.  It's a great game.
76561198010838664,Recommended,285190,34317618,Posted: 17 August,all,Crazen,The graphic and storyline were excellently done.  I can't wait for the rest of the races to be released into the game.
,Recommended,285190,31404676,Posted: 27 April,all,sixthLEGION,.
,Recommended,285190,34279889,Posted: 16 August,all,OriginXNovice,"I LOVE THIS GAME, IT IS THE C&C4 THAT I NEVER GOT, BECAUSE EA RUINED IT"
,Recommended,285190,31395050,Posted: 27 April,all,Reinaldo,"I don't know why people are hating. Relic is just keeping-up with the times.I'm astonished at how many people are so out of touch.DoW 1 was the RTS game style kids were playing back then.DoW 2 was the RTS game style kids were playing back then.Now, DoW 3 is the RTS game style kids are playing today! Get it, gramps?This game has everything kids love to play and watch on twitch today:- Lanes- Small maps- Heroes, Ultimates- Press Q, W, E, R for your champion’s abilities (cooldowns sometimes can be too long, like 5 seconds)- A lot of unlockables behind hundreds of hours of fun replayability (also, get some friends you loser, AI doesn't count)The story is a nice addition, but it wasn’t necessary. Some missions are weird for people used to straight forward action, but there are just few of those. Another weird mechanic, is that you can control some minions, or “space marines”. It takes some time to get used to it. What I do is I select all of them all the time, and just make them follow my champion.My Score: 7/10"
76561198000028632,Recommended,285190,34311431,Posted: 17 August,all,XDEMONX,i love this game.
76561198010800766,Recommended,285190,31394027,Posted: 27 April,all,Trixt,WAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!
76561198047957988,Recommended,285190,31394541,Posted: 27 April,all,Tonxic,Game is one of the best RTS I have played. Its like  SC2 but chiller and more modern.
76561197990401578,Not Recommended,285190,31418658,Posted: 28 April,all,Semilamist,"history repeats itself again,another great rts game ruined just like command and conquer 4,liked first dow games,i liked dow 2 games even more,i was really overhyped about this game,even when people said its bad,i kept hope,i really wanted to like this game,but i just cant,if u never heard of dow or wh40k it could be a nice game for you,but for long term fans like myself and other majority of people that were disappointed,its just a big ""no""here are some similarities of dow3 and cnc4-Crappy models and animations worse than earlier games-Boring campaing-micro management-moba playstylei mean,if relic just didnt even changed dow 2 retribution not even a single change and put out new campaing into it,it'd have been 10 or more times better than this thing i cannot call a dawn of war game,like i said i really tried to like this game,but i just cant,now there is necron expansion coming i want it to look like more dow 2 or else,dow series will die off in shame"
76561198005635926,Recommended,285190,31668745,Posted: 10 May,all,Zombiestocker,"I want to like this game a lot, but the balance issues are not being addressed fast enough; even though Relic has acknowleged they exist.  I still recommend this game if it goes one sale, but don't recommend the multiplayer until things get fixed.  -(Heresy Redacted)- Steam's overly simplified yes or no recommendations."
76561198052346198,Not Recommended,285190,31401919,Posted: 27 April,all,Larry with the Weather Report,Campaign is too short and the multplayer maps are too small.
76561197982242868,Recommended,285190,31522463,Posted: 3 May,all,[i]Scooba Nate,"Pardon the extremely vague review, I'm just a bit rushed and only wanted to give a thumbs up to REPRESENT. Here's some unsatisfyingly brief notes:Multiplayer - as a former masters starcraft 2 player, I'm very very happy with the multiplayer in DOW3. The mix of strategic depth and ""good feel"" is very exciting so far!Campaign - Overall, not that special this time. However, Emperor forgive me, it did succeed at making me like the Eldar, and made me want to play Orks, which should have been impossible.Orks - they're made for RockinEldar - very active playstyle with a lot of hit and run- fun and high skillcapSpace Marines - they feel great in the multiplayer, but a bit cheesy in the campaignPerformance - the animations are a bit toned down, but the framerate is wicked. I'd personally make that trade any day. Runs far better than company of heroes 2 and slightly better than starcraft 2 by comparison.Best to watch some twitch streams to decide whether to buy anyway. (I recommend Galahad94 or BikeRush)"
76561197966761250,Recommended,285190,31521468,Posted: 3 May,all,arlleerberg,"Had to change my review. Game is actually fun to play. Mostly for 40k fans, but still fun. Campaign should have autosaves though."
76561198082487763,Not Recommended,285190,31419713,Posted: 28 April,all,Cepsis,"Lost interest in the game already. I am a  huge fan of  the Warhammer  40k universe, and I am just  so disappointed by  what  Relic has done with DoW.There isn't a campaign mode. The ""campaign"" feels  like an intro to the races, and was so dull I  couldn't finish it, despite it being short.The primary focus must be the multiplayer,  but It doesn't feel  balanced.  And it feels like  a cash grab. Only 3 factions are released which means the  rest will come out in paid dlc  later.The controls are also a problem as the default  controls are not  what you'd typically find in an  RTS, and  there is no way to change  it."
,Not Recommended,285190,31485583,Posted: 1 May,all,Gareth,"Want a good multiplayer game with tactics like the old DOW2? Well bugger off and go play it, spam to win and no annihilation. One of the most watered down RTS games I've ever played. I keep playing it wanting it to be good, but it's just bad."
,Recommended,285190,31406106,Posted: 27 April,all,// Po0ks,Got my refund.
,Recommended,285190,31509453,Posted: 2 May,all,Tecun Uman,not bad
,Not Recommended,285190,31639190,Posted: 8 May,all,Nyx Blackmoore,Dawn of War 3..This was my first dawn of war game and may be my last. The campaign is very underwheliming and I have yet to have any grand or epic moments with it sadly. Most of the campaign missions consist of simply building resource points up and then assaulting the enemy base or their points. It becomes very tedious and repetitive after a time to the point I have yet to finish the two last missions. As for the story I found it to be unimaginative and often times very lacking and even absent during the missions. The cutscenes as well are also very lackluster using static images while playing voice over them. Also did they forget to add a music soundtrack because there is almost no music in this game.The multiplayer is a frustrating experience currently. Someone thought that blending a moba with a rts was a good idea and that should be translated fully into everything from the maps to the gameplay. So what we got is a game is focused around heros while normal troops are little more then fodder for the heros. The multiplayer also lacks any form of depth other then switching out your doctirines and elites. There is no cover system or retreat mechanic so the game plays more like starcraft with units being little more then fodder.  Balance is also a rampant issue with some heros being able to devastate if not wipe a entire army with the push of a button. To various unit ablilites that can cut down a entire enemy force in seconds if abused properly such as banshee quick strike.The maps are *moba style lanes* with little to no options for flanking or further strategy outside the lane. Just very obvious and copy pasted tall grass spots for camouflage that you know the enemy will be in. The maps are designed to force you down your lane and into the enemys easily destroyed shield and turret. A rare few of the maps will offer ways around but all it does is funnel you back into the lane head long into the front of the enemy again and at best offer a light surprise.Furthermore launching with such a small amount of maps and only one gamemode for a triple a sixty dollar price tag is bordeline insulting and a lot of the game has the barebones feeling to it.All in all the game is at best a 20 dollar steam sale game when it maybe gets some decent patches in the future. Do not buy it for the campaign ever. Only for the multiplayer after major patches and balancing a year or two from now.
,Not Recommended,285190,31406293,Posted: 27 April,all,koloski,"After playing this a while, I'm sad.  I liked DOW 2 so much better.  I liked COH and COH2 so much better.  This is a next gen starcraft / warcraft 3 mish mash.I don't know why they left the formula that has been so successful for them?Changed to no."
32853885895436112,Not Recommended,285190,31407616,Posted: 27 April,all,Qmotion,"Lack of content makes it a failure. Not the MOBA elements. IMO it is really the lack of content. I mean 2 maps for 2v2?? Are you kidding me? There is no depth in strategy aswell. Its the same build and the same strat every match. Just rush towards that choke point and the team that wins the first skirmish wins the entire match. What a big joke. Some of the elites are utterly broken AF aswell. There is no other gamemode either. The so called ''traditional'' RTS building is a complete disaster. Just place 4 buildings and be done with it. What the hell is this. SeriouslyBasic stuff like: Hotkey customization, Spectators mode, Camera rotation, and a leaderboard is not even there. What the♥♥♥♥♥IS THIS? 60 euro for this? i mean cmon its 2017. This should be there at the release.Honestly i really wanted to like this game. I even liked the beta. I pre-ordered it. Now im 80 hours into the game and im rly dissapointed. Im already bored with it. There is simply not enough replayability. Relic truly Fckked it up this time. I cannot recommend this game and i honestly cannot recommend any game from Relic after this one. Do not pre-order their games anymore. Wait some month after release to see if it is truly good. Only then consider buying their trash."
76561198311889371,Recommended,285190,31477719,Posted: 30 April,all,PUMPsix,Dawn of War 3 brings back the carnage of the first two games in a story I haven't figured out yet.
76561198066412176,Recommended,285190,31407159,Posted: 27 April,all,超高校級の死神,Bugs are pretty much fixed.
,Not Recommended,285190,31416055,Posted: 28 April,all,[C.H.U.D.],Get it for half off. It's not a DoW game. It's more like Starcraft without as much depth.
,Not Recommended,285190,31440578,Posted: 29 April,all,Tohru,"I really like this game. It's not the sequal to DoW1 or DoW2 that we wanted, but it is great it in its own right.However, the severe lack of content - average campaign, 9 maps (3 for each game size - 1v1, 2v2, and 3v3), 3 races, and only one game mode is really holding this game back. I don't think it's worth a $60 price tag. I'd highly reccomend you wait for a sale and/or expansions to help flesh this game out.Currently, the Space Marines are just ♥♥♥♥ed in terms of balancing, so really there's only 2 viable races. Hopefully this will be adressed down the line. We can only wait and see."
,Not Recommended,285190,31410177,Posted: 27 April,all,[Sigmnt],i shall never buy game when developers tell me that their third title is mix of the best bits that the 1st and 2nd had .Anyway waiting for free content that makes game better cause now its negative review for a reason. They will drop lots of dlcs t and whole game feels not completed.
76561198088572013,Not Recommended,285190,31404570,Posted: 27 April,all,Nico Snow,I want too love it ... wish I loved it ... so disappointed . Have to be honest and change my review from positive to heartbroken. Looks great ... terrible bang for your hard earned bucks.
76561198152135855,Recommended,285190,31497227,Posted: 1 May,all,MUSS man Wissen,Balanced :-)
,Not Recommended,285190,31673639,Posted: 10 May,all,Tingz,"It's like being really hungry so you order your favourite food, it arives and its not the food you orderd but your so hungry instead of complaining to the restaurant you just eat it anyway.Honestly not a bad game, but i don't think the amount of content is worth the price tag, wait for the sales unless you really like both 40k and rts games."
,Recommended,285190,31611690,Posted: 7 May,all,BigGerman,"Multiplayer is a lot of fun but the campaign is pretty ""meh"". If you are only interested in single player than I would pass on it, the campaign is not super long and I there isn't really any reason to replay it.If you are interested in multiplayer and enjoy games like Warcraft 3 and Starcraft then I think you will enjoy DoW3. Might want to wait for a sale though depending on how you feel about dropping $60 on a game just for multiplayer. I bought it full price and am overall happy with my purchase.Overall my rating would probably be:Multiplayer - 8/10Single player - 6/10"
76561197972053595,Recommended,285190,32007420,Posted: 27 May,all,Carp,Orcs Orcs Orcs Orcs
76561198051502620,Not Recommended,285190,31403420,Posted: 27 April,all,nucleardav62,"There shouldn't be a unit limit. I want battles of power and attrition, not just which hero is best in battles."
76561198090241385,Not Recommended,285190,31403467,Posted: 27 April,all,Admiral Horatio Lord Nelson,No elite exp from vs ai seriously change this.
76561198159573284,Recommended,285190,31403412,Posted: 27 April,all,Blastman1,meh it's a good laugh has it's problems here and there but i enjoy it.
76561198023393815,Not Recommended,285190,31402586,Posted: 27 April,all,Liege Tai,"Buy Dawn of War 2, Its better...(My opinion is purely from a Story and Single player gameplay perspective, Cannot comment on the multiplayer as i've never played it)"
,Recommended,285190,31401918,Posted: 27 April,all,Alfons^,New to the game. Like it very much so far :)
76561198007508342,Recommended,285190,31404495,Posted: 27 April,all,Custodes,"You begged for Dawn of War III since.. forever ago? You got it and many of you are ungrateful gitz.Nostalgic fanboys can't get over the fact this effectively is not a remake of the previous dawn of wars. I've played all the dawn of war games and I enjoy them all. Let the old fanatics phase out or acclimate to the differences. New fans will replace them.Funny, I recall dawn of war II getting heat for not being like the first dawn of war.I am happy with my purchase and will continue playing the game. I'll put up a legit review later."
,Recommended,285190,31424798,Posted: 28 April,all,Lanero,"Wow! sooo much fun! Dawn of War 40K franchise is reinvented for moden age.Singleplayer part is a learning curve towards multiplayer for sure.You get to play all factions mission-wise, try all goodies and find your favourite.Factions have a completly different approach to playstyle and micro-management etc etc.I have always had my eyes on Space Marines and i am not dissapointed!Still love the playstile and as a 40K fan of heavy-armor-wielder-bolter-shooter i approve!Hard game with a steep learning curve, but really rewarding once you alow yourself to enjoy!Well spend money for a well designed game. Warhammer 40K fans will like this maybe a bit more. And RTS fans should in general be pleased by new approach and well-known franchice for a good time alone or/and with friends!"
,Recommended,285190,31420936,Posted: 28 April,all,"Woofie, you bitch.","I'll be honest. The first time I saw a gameplay video of this game -- I thought it looked cartoony and bland. It just didn't look and feel like a Dawn of War game. I almost didn't even play the beta. ""Do I really want to download 20 gigs for something I'm going to play once?""I played my first game. Well that wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. I played a couple more. The early game is a lot more tactical than I expected. Most games are won by securing an economic advantage (ie: control points) and not losing your squads -- Not from the Elites as most people claim.The late game turns the tactical early game into more of a brutal tug of war. Bodies, blood, and hunks of metal litter the battefield to add to the ambience. This is when it becomes near impossible to micro all your units out of harms way. Super Elites decimate poorly positioned armies quickly and can turn the tide of battle. If they get too far out of position, they will fall rather quickly the the combined might of a unified army.There's still a lot to be improved. Most notable the progression system seems rather slow. I think they need to increase the experience gained by at least 5x. The UI is a bit cluttered and confusing. While you get to used it later, it begs for another pass of polish.Overall there's a lot to like here. You have to ignore the negativity and really try the game for yourself.This is one that I didn't think I'd like, but giving it a chance changed my mind."
,Recommended,285190,31415743,Posted: 28 April,all,Pee on You Fool,"It's Dawn of War, it's only going to get better from here. And it's already pretty damn good with about 6+ heroes to choose from for each faction. With the addition of even more factions down the line, the matches are going to be hectic and always egnaging.  The single player is just that, it's singleplayer meant to teach you the tricks of each faction before mutliplayer, with bits of story involved.This is not a game for casuals and Dawn of War never was. This is a micro dependant war simulation where every move matters and is the difference between you losing an expensive squad and you and your army living to fight another day. For the glory of the empire, space marines!Buy this game and support this outstanding developer. You won't regret it unless you're a xeno loving scum. It's bound to get even better with steady updates and content packages."
76561198055046605,Recommended,285190,31415811,Posted: 28 April,all,Sofahumper,I've played all of the other dow's and you just have to think of this one as a completely different game. Definate upgrade from the 2 imo
76561197999601819,Recommended,285190,31421387,Posted: 28 April,all,Ulfhedin,Thoroughly enjoyed the game so far. Played open beta. Watched a lot of streams. Game is fun. I didn’t play DoW1 or 2.
,Recommended,285190,31420084,Posted: 28 April,all,hoboben,Dawn of War (by the time Soulstorm was released) was a masterpeice.Is Dawn of War 3? Not yet.Is it lots of fun still? Yes. Hella. And the more I play it the more I like it.
,Recommended,285190,31451620,Posted: 29 April,all,Ikit Claw,"I wanna give you a chance Relic, im rebuyingAlso i can have Jain ZAR, which is awesome"
76561198085661000,Recommended,285190,31453168,Posted: 29 April,all,Lord Farquaad The Ogre Slayer,ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
,Recommended,285190,31453084,Posted: 29 April,all,Schnieblitz,The game is fun.  It is better than the previous iterations.
,Recommended,285190,31415364,Posted: 28 April,all,flyingSwine,"I really like the gameplay, its fun, intuitive and unbalanced :P.Seriously, its a lot of fun, the devs did a great Job, and its a good game.BUT, and this is a big one: the campagin is very short, and i have to play all 3 races which i really dislike, there is no leveling system nor can missions be chosen, its very linear, and objectives are often really boring.The currupt units in the end just dont belong there, have you run out of demons?I think its worth 40€ but surely not 60€ and more (for all those DLCs to come).A wish for the future: please fix all those UI bugs ^^"
76561198120306552,Recommended,285190,31468107,Posted: 30 April,all,angelseradicator,"After putting more time and effort into the game, it has helped me realize that my previous review left a bad taste in my mouth, the game is salvageable, we as a community and fanbase, need more people to buy the game to draw out old modders and new modders to help fix this fustercluck in multiplayer, it can be fixed, i recently dipped my hand into modding and i discovered everything i liked about dow1 and 2 can be added to dow3, it just takes effort and time, i managed to add the old cover system into dow3 (the dow2 one), it CAN be fixed, if you back this game, then it WILL be fixed (probably)."
76561198041681175,Recommended,285190,31400731,Posted: 27 April,all,Zero,"I bet you 3 bucks that people will find my review unhelpful just because i recommend this game, as far as expectation goes this is what happens when the hype train reach its destination, i find the game fun to play but most dow fanboys just expect too much, and oh do i have to remind you that most people just either gona say its a great game or i hate this game so much blah blah blah, people now a days deal things with such absolute, this♥♥♥♥♥♥happens to fallout 4 as well, the expectation goes far as ""hey i want the next game to be so much better than i wish it to be ""this attitude and ""if its different from the old one i will be so offended"" sigh.... grow up people, if you dont feel like playing something new and interesting in its own way just go create your own game company, if you cant then stfu and stop crybaby your whole damn way through your entire life and do something about it"
76561198118926013,Not Recommended,285190,31496209,Posted: 1 May,all,Lord Snow 27,"This game has so much potentional but falls short. I will say the multiplayer is pretty fun and enjoyable, probably the best out of the 3 games, but the campaign is just awful. It is awful because the story is bland and predictable, the cinematics are not anywhere near as good as the first 2 DOWs, and it just does not have enough missions. I was left wanting much more."
78787487845848208,Not Recommended,285190,31431083,Posted: 28 April,all,JiveTurk3y,"The campaign is awful and patently time-consuming. I see little reason to ever replay the campaign aside from Steam achievements. I hate playing as the Eldar, yet 1 of every 3 missions I am forced to do so. I haven't completed the campaign yet, and I honestly don't know if I will - but as of yet, there is no campaign map. It's just a linear story line that jumps between Marines, Orks, and Eldar every mission. I personally find it hard to play 2 missions in a row without taking some time off.The multiplayer is an RTS stylized like a MOBA. Personally, I despise MOBAs and play RTSes to avoid having to deal with them. Thanks a lot, Relic. One game mode. Lanes depending on how many players there are - for instance, in 2v2 there are 3 lanes. All of them mirrored.The graphics are on the same level as Dawn of War II; which came out 8 years ago. And, to me, the Space Marines look ""off"". They've got skinny legs...It's a personal gripe, but I don't like the art direction they went with this one.The audio is acceptable, but the Space Marines sound stupid.I give this game a 4/10. I'm particularly disappointed because I've been waiting for this game to come out for years and was let down. I cannot recommend this game to anybody."
76561198009261973,Recommended,285190,31465701,Posted: 30 April,all,Katitoff,"Worth every cent.Necrons are going to be first new faction!Optimization is great for relic game newely released.Multiplayer is very deep thanks to doctrine and hero loudout customization.You can tailor your army to your own playstyle.SP campaign is weakest in the series, but mp is where the game realy shines and doing SP campaign still rewards you in multiplayer as well.Bear in mind that majority of negative reviews come from players who don't accept changes and are not looking at DoW objectively and it comes from someone who have spent 1400+ hours in DoW2 and few hundreds in DoW1 as well."
,Not Recommended,285190,31451963,Posted: 29 April,all,Frostback,"5/10Overall I would recommmend this game. The gameplay is fun and smooth, graphics are great. There are alot of things I don't like listed below based on the last 2 games. Overall I would buy this game knowing what I know now, just not at full price. It is very different than the other 2 and very basic in comparison. Alot of micro managing units combat abilities.However for the Dawn of War veterans.-the base building they added is really basic. Nothing like DoW 1, More like the 3 building bases you get in DoW 2 skirmishes but you get to place them.-the upgrade system is really basic with linear trees-you can't choose a race for the campaign, the races cycle every mission: SM, Orks, Eldar, SM, Orcs, eldar, orcs...... thats where I am right now. So you get the fun task of keeping track of 3 stories on the same topic. Casual players might find it easy to forget whats going on. I find it totally obnoxious that I HAVE to play as orcs and can not just play an SM campaign.-The armies are bigger than DoW 2 but are more on the DoW 2 unit makeup. No 10 man squads of marines etc.-no turrets-no real cover system. Force fields spread out that you can capture and sit in.-no last stand yet."
76561197973743511,Recommended,285190,31474030,Posted: 30 April,all,Penguish,"Lots of people jumping on the hate bandwagon without really playing the game. My friends and I have been having a blast playing online and we are all really big Warhammer fans. This game plays more like Dawn of War 1 than Dawn of War 2. So if you are a fan of the first game, you'll probably like it.TL;DR Give it a chance, don't just read the hate and dismiss this game without at least playing it first."
76561197985177086,Not Recommended,285190,31417888,Posted: 28 April,all,DeveN,"In my opinion, RTS, especially SF ones campaign needs good cinematics. SC2, Infinite Warfare, Halos, all had decent not if great cinematics. They make what could be boring same thing again missions, well, not so boring. This game gives you few drawings with dialogue and call it Cinematic."
,Not Recommended,285190,31429035,Posted: 28 April,all,Potato Meister,"My review is simply too long and detailed to fit in here, however you can read all about it in the forums:http://steamcommunity.com/app/285190/discussions/0/1319962417040684742/It can also be found in the DOW3 general forums."
,Not Recommended,285190,31509019,Posted: 2 May,all,Harrapino,"As sson as i updated my review its starts to crash again.  EVERY SINGLE GAMEWWAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGEDIT 3: The latest update seems to have fixed the issues with GPU driver crashes (AMD at least) I can now play the game and i have to say it's fully awesome.  Just finished an epic 3v3.I was super annoyed with the state of the release as it clearly had issues but we seem to be on the right track now.Awesome game Maybe full of bugs if you dont own one of the limited testing machines they use at Relic\Sega\WhateverWas 'Not Recommended' now 'Recommended'Original post""""""So all was good in the beta and the first couple of hours of play.  But the full game is a different story.Every single game i play, it crashes.  I've tried all the different settings and now i just want a refund.  My PC is more than good enough for MAX settings.The game is actually really good and i would love to be able to play but it's buggy as hell.  Even the menu system stutters and chokes.As ive ""played"" 13 hours or so i can't seem to get a human to respond to my cancellation requests.  I reckon ive only had 2 hours of actual gameplay where i get to the end of a mission/multiplayer session.  The rest of the sessions have been cut short due to graphics driver fails(latest version RX4808GB) or testing different settings against the Ai.I WANT A REFUND THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK AS ADVERTISED4 requests have already been automatically denied due to 'playtime'  hardly any of which i actually spent playing itI really don't give a damn about Steams 2 hour playtime policy Trading Standards Law's takes precedence. I have 14 days to ask for a refund and i dont even have to give a reason.https://www.gov.uk/accepting-returns-and-giving-refunds""""""EDIT:  Update has just been pushed out. I'll give that a go and report any changesEDIT 2: A couple of hours into the latest update and NO crashes.  Could we have a winner?  Still to play some multiplayer.  I've been through a vs Ai and mission 4 so far.  If all is good with multi then the thumbs down will turn to an up!!Although, it's still bad form to put out something that's clearly broken and obviously relatively easy to fix (it took 5 days after release)  Thats the way of publishers these days.  I feel sorry for the dev's who pour their heart and soul into these games only to be told they have to rush it out."
76561198040327850,Not Recommended,285190,31449064,Posted: 29 April,all,GhazghkullMagUrukThraka,"i wish i could recommande this, i just this game was good.orks are biggest disavantage early game while early game the only thing that exist because that a hint who wins or not.missing♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of feature witch the other game had.♥♥♥♥♥♥game, it's all about the heros having 1 op aoe ability to win, also every late game think you see is useless expect for the 1 out 10 game.it's massive♥♥♥♥♥♥off playing multiplayer witch 1 vs 1 a joke and not fun, 3 vs 3 it's all who rushes the middle and can hold it wins, while attacking that position is literaly a death, lose 2-3 squad early game, surrender the game only going to painful failures of pushing while he reforce right their, also with all the aoe ability that almost impossible for you.don't bother buying the game, save your money don't make the mistake.BUT if you're a warhammer buy itbut if you have friends buy it cause it's actual fun"
,Not Recommended,285190,31457431,Posted: 30 April,all,Tarkin 999,"For the game play, this is not a Warhammer DOW game, This is more like RTS verson dota, I am a Warhemmer fans and Imperial Guards player. The only reason I bought this game is because it is a Warhammer game. Ok, Im still waiting for Imperial Guards and another faction in the game."
,Not Recommended,285190,31512212,Posted: 2 May,all,Chief Medic,This game has both DOW 1 and DOW 2 elements in it. Its like the aborted fetus of those two games. Forces you to play races you don't want to.
,Not Recommended,285190,31511903,Posted: 2 May,all,Turtle Mo,"Let's make an analogy: ""Would you like a reboot of Lord of the Rings directed by Zack Snyder with Adam Sandler as Aragorn?"""
76561198186508067,Not Recommended,285190,31512006,Posted: 2 May,all,mzaher,"I was pretty excited about this game, but unfortunately I eneded up asking for a refund. I will just list down the things I didn't like about it so give it a thought before you buy it:1-The graphics is not what I'd expect from a game in 2017. I was playing 2K resolution, all maxed out, on a 28 inch premium monitor, yet, the colors were pretty dull. in many cases I couldn't see my units clearly in shaded areas. the details of the textures were also poor. and some effects were not good.2-there is a lot of micro management in the game. more micro than macro. especially as you run your units. there could've been a better balance here between micro and macro.3-the visible maps is small. i often had to move the map to see what's going on. a bigger map within the screen would've been better."
,Not Recommended,285190,31517110,Posted: 2 May,all,jimmy pootron,"THIS IS A BAD GAME PLS DONT BUY IT , GET DAWN OF WAR 1. ITS WAY BETTER"
76561197964234833,Recommended,285190,31444284,Posted: 29 April,all,Cas9,"After spending time with the multiplayer I am editing this review to separate the campaign and multiplayer sections.  As a result I am changing my recommendation to a lukewarm yes.Multiplayer in this game is really fun.  Multiplayer is clearly the part of the game they focused on, built around, and balanced against.  All of the interesting mechanics and gameplay occur when choosing your army doctrines and elite units to form a synergy that will drive your opponents nuts with super powered landspeeders and howling banshees.  It is a mashup of old fashioned territorial control RTS with MOBA-style micromanagement of powerful hero abilities.  I'm glad this is the best part of the game, because ultimately multiplayer is what I spend the most time in with most games.All of my earlier criticism of the campaign remains, and indeed I am more critical having played through more missions.  It is actually one of the worst RTS campaigns I have ever played, and is clearly a complete afterthought compared to multiplayer.  Now that I have tried multiplayer I can see how they just shoehorned the multi mechanics into a single player experience with almost no adjustments, unlike in Dawn of War 2 where the single player and multiplayer were incredibly different from each other in a good way.original single player campaign review:Boring, simplistic, hollow gameplay.Spend most of your time waiting around to beef up and reinforce your mob, no tactics or cover that matter.They lost sight of everything that made the earlier two Dawn of War games fun and good.I hope they will fix it with expansion, because they really completely overhauled the original game and made it much better with the expansions.  Still, the original Dawn of War game was great on its own, this one is not."
76561198005358473,Not Recommended,285190,31405248,Posted: 27 April,all,L.Williams,"Changed my Review..I love warhammer, I have 1000+ hours on DOW 2 and while I intially enjoyed this game. It gets boring pretty quickly and I don't think it is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,285190,31406511,Posted: 27 April,all,Allinio,"At first I hate this game, because it change too much and lose many good features, like cover system and realistic trajectory, in DOW2 which is my favorite game. But after finished the campaign and tried several multiplayer game. I feel unable to say its a bad game anymore. Its multy player game is very entertaining, because it simplified many mechanisms in contrst to dow2,easier to play. And the by create 'tower' mechanism like moba games, both side wont lose too fast and have more chance to come back from disadvantage. Still easier to play.Several thing really makes me unconfortable include the weapon upgrade system been simplfied, units dreadbaut cant get assault cannon any more, only melee; and I feel many skills too stiff, cast and skill animation are slow and stiff, especially gabriel's junmp."
76561198012564698,Not Recommended,285190,31401036,Posted: 27 April,all,LordyFlashheart,"I'm mixed tbh needs allot more content, bug fixing and polish, not wroth the money right now, it has been a nightmare to even play constant crashes has soured the whole thing i cant enjoy this game, it is simpley not fit for purpose, back to dow dark crusade i goIn its state right now i give it a 3/10."
,Recommended,285190,31404362,Posted: 27 April,all,RMole,"Early review,  So far so good.   Stable, good graphics, easy to learn.   I just wish they had more multi-player game modes"
,Not Recommended,285190,31404292,Posted: 27 April,all,Kenhk117,I may not be the biggest WH 40k fan but I really enjoyed DoW1 & 2. I put 1 hour into this game and I am now refunding.1. No cover system2. 1 MP mode that feels a whole heck of a lot like MOBA3. Back flipping Space Marines???
76561197989000009,Not Recommended,285190,31404299,Posted: 27 April,all,UK Mikeyboy,"I tried to like this game. I really did. In the end the gameplay bored me half to death and I had to stop for a few hours before I continued on with the story and pulled my eyes out after mindles number of cluster fudds of units being swarmed all over my screen - and not in a good way. That painful, eye squinting kind of ""What the hell is going on?"" way.The scenery is gorgeous, I've got to give it that. The story kept me hooked long enough to play it and that's all I paid the £40 for. I wanted to know what happened to the Blood Ravens and be done with it. I did my best to ignore the fact that there was a space marine chapter master flipping all over my screen, but hey it's 40K and we have space mushrooms with guns.Would I recommend this game? No. Save your money and wait for it to get a bit cheaper. This didn't FEEL like a Dawn of War game at all."
76561198099449055,Recommended,285190,31404322,Posted: 27 April,all,420 Man Sid,I by far love the game i played a ton of 1 and did not like 2 as much it got rid of base building. game looks and feels fine.
,Recommended,285190,31405536,Posted: 27 April,all,Easy,"Loved DOW 1, didn't like DOW2 however i dont mind some of the elements from DOW 2 that spilled over to DOW 3.At first that was kind of upset about the fact you had to unlock different Elites and doctrines. Now I kind of like the idea because I am playing with every part of the game (troops and may not normally use) as I unlock it. There's less to learn all at once.  I stand by this​ opinion so long as the game remains reasonablely balanced.All in all i am having fun.  Definitely recommend!"
76561197989790545,Recommended,285190,31398410,Posted: 27 April,all,Dominia(Catabrie),"Sorry in advance, I've never written a review for a game.First off, this game is a bit different from the last two games, but if you think back from DoW1 then when DoW2 came out they were way different also...People keep talking about how this is like a MOBA game because they changed a few things to make it more interesting. People always ask for something new and different, but when it's given to them they just complain AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.Bottom line,Graphics are very good - Better than either other game by farSound and voice acting are awesomeGameplay itself is good, only hard part (not bad JUST HARD) is that there are a lot of units per army now, which when we get use to this I think will be fun as hell.New units and Elite units - which are amazing looking!New Mechanics for new strats (cant wait to learn new ways to fight)All around a good game and I can't wait to delve deeper into this DoW and learn all the new stuff!P.S. - You don't have to like MOBA games to like this game, this is STILL AN RTS... Just because you add a couple towers, turrets, and stuff doesn't make it a completely different game, this will be my #1 played game for the next long while and I hope they are able to come out with good DLC and new armies / elites in the future, even with all the hate this game is bringing just for being something new and fresh.You wanna play DoW1 type game? It's pretty freaking cheap here on steam... Play that, I want a NEW DoW! I love all these people that have played the game 20 min or 30 min and giving this huge long review, bashing the game like they've played it for months.... lolI give it an 8/10 for now, Will edit once I get a little further along in the game!"
,Recommended,285190,31398950,Posted: 27 April,all,Dancing Ghouls,"I played the beta and I found it to be ho-hum. It looks to be a good game with real paper-rock-sissors strategy, but because they tried to many concepts in just one game it was left hollow in each of them. The base building isn't at the level of DOW1, and the skirmishes aren't at the level of DOW2. The nod to moba style gaming is also much less reactive then games like LOL, but maintained the miserable impossibility of a comback after you fed your resource points. The comparison to SC2 was also left empty as the attention to macro is less intense without actual expansions on the map. The return of heros might be the best addition, but they do seem overpowered.I purchased the game on the blind faith that Sega will fix this game and find a way to add new units/structures/maps to the obvious DLC's on there way. This game is starting the greedy frame work for an amazing game yet uncomplete. Get back to work Sega/Relic your job isn't done.FYI: I am a pvp player and in my opinion campaigns are for cowards."
,Recommended,285190,31398983,Posted: 27 April,all,Tork,"It's weird. It's not like your traditional rts, so don't go into it expecting a traditional rts. While it's not much like the first game in the series, it seems like an appropriate evolution from the second one. As a long time fan of warhammer 40k, and dawn of war, I really do enjoy this game. I think the factions are mechanically different enough to play different from one another, but similar in such a way that they're balanced. The doctrine and elite system allows you to customize the loadout from game to game, not unlike company of heroes. The elite system and the gamemode for multiplayer almost adds a MOBA like feel to the game, while I haven't been able to play too many games, it definetely feels like a breath of fresh air in the RTS genre.If you're a fan of warhammer, this game has the right feel to it. If you're a fan of dawn of war, you'll probably enjoy this game. If you're going into this game expecting starcraft 2 warhammer edition, you won't like it."
,Recommended,285190,31398219,Posted: 27 April,all,Tricky Dick's head,"Legitimate complaints for this game may include:Buggy, Linear SingleplayerSound IssuesProblems with art direction/voice actingOnly 3 ArmiesLack of ability to key rebind.Turrets extend the game time played/ lack of surrender optionCertain Elites may be too powerful (people havent really figured counters yet)Crying MOBA is not a valid complaint and adds nothing to the conversation.For me these arent deal breakers, at its core the game is very tight and responsive, just about every unit has at least one active. Lots to keep track of and you can build large armies. The elite and doctrine system really lets you tailor to your playstyle.With good support this could be the best Dawn of War game. Time will tell. It shows a lot of promise"
76561198009098838,Recommended,285190,31734496,Posted: 13 May,all,ford_lazer,"Sorry but im joining the chorus of people who have not enjoyed playing this game. Having played DOW1 +DOW2 and owning all of the DLC content for DOW1 + DOW2 and having played the tabletop game for the last 22 years I have to say I have had mixed reactions to playing this game but mostly negative.Ok Relic a few thigs I suggest you need to fix:1. Get rid of or offer an alternative to the current skirmish/multiplayer setup with the turrets and power generators etc, Whats wrong with giving gamers the freedom to choose whether to have skirmish battles under the current setup or just having standard Deathmatch battles (you know where players just slog it out across an open battlefield, no energy turrets etc?????). If your going to have powerful energy turrets in the game then give us more population cap or a better selection of units!!!2. Please fix the AI!!!! Im pretty sure the current AI system does not understand the difference between the different difficulty levels.3. Remove or fix global ultimate abilities!!!!! I am getting really tired of building up a sizeable army to be able to take on an apponents energy turrent or storm their base only to find that the next thing that happens is my entire army is being wiped out by a stupid orbital strike! In DOW1 the orbital strike for instance could not be moved around once summoned so maybe fix it to that please!!!In saying all of the points above I must say im torn as I love 40k Ive grown up with it and I love the fact Relic that your contiuing the tradition of DOW so thank you. All im saying is please look at some of the items above as I think this game has the potential to be a really enjoyable and great game but just needs some fixes to get it there"
,Not Recommended,285190,31408074,Posted: 27 April,all,GrayGL,"Eh, I had to change my review of this game. I love the DOW series and I got a good amount of enjoyment out of this game. I like the gameplay and the campaign wasn't super bad, but there could always be so much more. Until they improve upon this game, or lower the price, I wouldn't recommend it. It became kind of another No Man's Sky"
76561198004171929,Recommended,285190,31487000,Posted: 1 May,all,Mr. Wolf,"Keep those ratings positive!!!!! We need more players, PUSH reader ,PUSH FORWARD!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31404151,Posted: 27 April,all,Axeros Taros,"as a long time 40k fan i tried my very best to find something to like about this game, but it just outright sucks.. i feel ashamed for having briefly recommended it to suck other players into this utter                        .trash...if you are a 40k fan ..buy sanctus reach...this is such a huge failure that you will be able to get it for free to play before long as they try to milk the last dollar out of this...it is nothing but a cash grab by junior developers that somehow got their hands on what should have been a big license...again..if you want 40k with decent graphics and gameplay, get sanctus reach and its expansion for alot less than you can buy this barebones turd for"
,Not Recommended,285190,31472190,Posted: 30 April,all,--Core--,"Updated: July 14 2017Got bored...Edited my review to not recommended....Dawn of War 2 is better and more fun, and the best one was the Dawn of War 1-----------------------------------------------------DoW IIIGood Things:+ Graphics+ Elite Units (Heroes)Bad Things:- Linear Campaign- Can´t play campaign as 1 race, you are forced to play all the races (alternating them)- The MOBA thing is love or hate- Limited cover- Denuvo DRMWhat can be better.+ Game Modes (Moba ON, Moba OFF)+ Cover+ Free for all battles (Custom Teams)Total: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,285190,31421163,Posted: 28 April,all,EvilPlueschtier,Kek
76561198075183723,Not Recommended,285190,31394605,Posted: 27 April,all,1cg,"You know the phrase... ""If it's not broken, don't fix it.""Relic adopted the policy ""**** the fans, fix everything until it's broken"""
,Recommended,285190,31434068,Posted: 29 April,all,Oli,Amazing game.
76561198007042487,Recommended,285190,32633162,Posted: 21 June,all,DanDMan,"So, I originally down thumbed the game... they've made stellar improvements and truly care. The patches and changes have help and it's feels much better. Worth buying and happy Warhammer is still alive."
76561198100505815,Recommended,285190,31478921,Posted: 30 April,all,Whisky,the devs fixed alot of the nit picky stuff. its a good 40k game. when compared to others it falls short but it does give you a decent 40k experiance.from what i can tell there trying to fix alot of the balance issues stuff that should have been done before launch but i enjoy playing 40k
76561198007915720,Not Recommended,285190,31403663,Posted: 27 April,all,WarGears,"Sadly, this game was a total let down for WH 40k and for RTS as a whole. Regretting the purchase, but what is done is done."
,Not Recommended,285190,31416076,Posted: 28 April,all,Death Monky,"I really think the game is worth it, even though the multiplayer is different, at least the units really do feel unique and interesting, they balance each other out and the combos that can be done are awesome.That being said wtf why couldnt there be normal resources... it kind of feels... random as ♥♥♥♥ and a bit of a simplification but fukit am i right.It's not a bad game, it could be better...BUT IT NEVR WAS"
76561198105034993,Recommended,285190,31455666,Posted: 29 April,all,HERESY,"Definitely nothing like any other Dawn of War, and is not much more than a dissapointment; It's not worth $60 US, but it's still fairly fun to play so I would recommend you buy it when it's on sale but DEFINITELY not at full price."
76561197983653850,Not Recommended,285190,31405673,Posted: 27 April,all,Snitch Killa,"This game is in early access. It doesn't say it is, but believe me, it is. It lacks many basic quality of life features and there is a distinct lack of content and a busted meta that obviously wasn't tested enough. I know it's only been out for a little bit but the state this game launched in was simply unacceptable.It essentially acts like an early access title without saying it is, and it was blatantly rushed out of the door. It was missing a damn fullscreen option for emperor's sake and a surrender button in multiplayer! Give me a break! It STILL has framerate issues several months after release and general performance problems abound.The campaign was the definition of playing it safe. It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't very good either. Most mission are basically just tutorials. The jumping between different factions was very disorienting and was overall very forgettable. I wasn't asking for much here but I somehow got even less. I'll sum up the whole story really quick: gabe, macha and gorgutz fight each other a bunch then team up to fight a demon at the end, that's it. That's literally all the happens throughout the course of the campaign (minus the teaser at the end which ironically is more memorable than the entire game).What the game excels at in atmosphere and sound effects it fails in gameplay and polish. Units are far, far too fragile and 1 click army wipes are very common. Comeback mechanics do exist but the overall feel of the game revolves around cheesy tactics like backdoor dreadnaughts, spamming units en masse, and hiding knight sized units in grass (yes you read that right). I can look past the hiding knights thing, I can look past Gabriel somersaulting around in terminator armor, I can look past nit picky things like that but the gameplay overall is so volatile with how punishing it for mistakes it really doesn't even matter. I recall particular low point heroes able to basically 1 shot entire legions of units it was that unbalanced. Isn't this what that beta test was for? Hello?The UI is sloppy. Nobody likes interfaces that fade in and fade out. It feels sluggish and unresponsive that way, this is basic design and they inexplicably chose to have the menus work this way. It's not cool! Nobody likes an unresponsive UI! The in-game UI is all over the place. I do like seeing my heroes on the side ala Warcraft 3 and it is customizable like you can have your map on either side and your command card on either side which is good. I know there are a lot of units to deal with. The battles get huge in this game, but the little cards that pop up at the bottom for each individual unit sucks. Not saying I know of a better way but there has to be a more user friendly way to view your selected units than having them all clustered up at the bottom like that.There's a currency system. You collect skulls to unlock hero units and doctrines for multiplayer. The problem is that it's unfair to newcomers who don't have access to these units and doctrines until they either get stomped a bunch of times by players who DO have these things, or slog through that boring singleplayer. The other problem is there really isn't anything to buy with these skulls, after you unlock all the hero units and some choice doctrines you like there isn't anything to buy. You just keep accumulating them for no reason. It's almost as if they wanted to implement a cash shop of some kind but didn't have time to do it or something!This game isn't bad because its a MOBA (it's not and anybody that says its a moba is just parroting stupid things they heard), it's bad because it's just plain unfinished. What is there is high quality stuff don't get me wrong, but there's not nearly enough of it and there's just so many bugs and untested things it generally feels very bare bones and experimental and certainly not worth 60 dollars, not in its launch state and certainly not now. I simply can't recommend this game. It breaks my heart to do it but I can't recommend it. It's just not very good in its current state.And that's surprising, baffling even, that Relic would release Dawn of War III in this state after their previous titles had so much polish and were great! What the heck happened? Player numbers are very low and that's because the game simply didn't release in a good state. You can't tell me after how much polish their previous titles had, and after a trailer like that the game would come out in this state. What the heck!There is hope for this game, it needs about another year of development but at this point I would say Relic really blew it with this title and they might have better luck next time with an expansion and a bit more care and polish put into the gameplay itself before they rush it out the door half baked. Bottom line: don't rush your damn games out before their finished. Go early access if you have to but don't release it barely working and certainly don't charge 60 dollars for an incomplete mess."
76561198005708172,Not Recommended,285190,31632861,Posted: 8 May,all,AlexTheProfessional,"I want to like Dawn of war 3 i really do espically how i hated 2 and Adored 1. But i Just can't the game is too much Micro Focused you have to  control everything. If your unit are fired upon when doing other things   they will literaly do jackshit unless you tell them to attack. There is no Stances for your unit Except  Hold Fire,Melee only where is Agressive,StandGround or normal were they follow the enemies for a distance and go back to their position. The game feel really clunky and unfinished. Also the game is lacking in units Where is my land Raider,Apoticary or Squad Leaders. Or squad Linking like  Angelos in a Assault Terminator or Space marine Squads. They said before the  launch they wanted the game to go back to its roots. What a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the games feel nothing like Dawn of war 1 or its expansion. The ressources rate is so slow even with the upgrades and unit cost too much. Do yourself a favor and buy Dawn of war 1 collection.  If you don't have it already. Even the UI is terrible for me the only redeeming factor are the graphics and even many peoples wil tell they are cartoony. Also i almost forgot the campaign is extremely forgetable and force you to play between the races which every missions  ant the Chaos are lacking so the Imperial Guard and lets face it they arleady have imperial Guards unit in the first mission they will clearly release them in an expansion. Expansion that if they change nothing will not buy!"
76561198049578598,Not Recommended,285190,31399211,Posted: 27 April,all,Brother Deimos,"Badly designed dumbed down and ""casualized"" look-it's-40K cashgrab without any depth of gameplay or story, unsuccessfully catered to E-Sports by adding MOBA mechanics after removing every distinctive and interesting feature of both it's predecessors - no sync kills, no cover, no formations, nearly no squad upgrades, no more RPG elements, lane based gameplay, simplified ""basebuilding"" with pointless turrets, no loot, no interesting characters, low quality voiceover, music and FX, only 3D toys duking it out in blobs while looking like comic drawings getting one-click-wiped by op ""Elites"", no grim-dark Warhammer 40K feeling at all remaining.Campaign is a waste of time (if you don't like tutorials), online community is dead (except you can handle to wait up to 15 mins for just one match), you get only a handful of maps with two very similar gamemodes and on top extremely unbalanced factions.If you like WH40K or RTS games, keep looking. If you want a MOBA, play DotA or LoL. Just keep away from this if you value your money and don't want to support lazy and uninspired developers with dollar signs in their eyes and without any ability, understanding or investment into what they are actually doing."
76561198015592827,Not Recommended,285190,31407997,Posted: 27 April,all,Revenant,"Dawn of War III feels like a mixture of the first two games in the series with more stylized visuals. It has base building from the first and hero units from the second but different takes on both. While it took me a bit to get used to the game after having put so many hours into DoW2 (and the lack of retreat/cover system,) you do get used to having larger armies and controlling your elites around the battlefield. The story itself is serviceable if nothing super spectacular (I blame somewhat shoddy lines/VO at times,) and multiplayer seems to add a bit of depth to the game on a strategic level....if less a tactical level than before. It's very different and feels more like a traditional RTS with MOBA elements added in.I wish there had been a bit more grit in the visuals and the cover system still existed as units can feel very flimsy. DoW2 felt like I was actually playing/moving my squads around and this game feels like I'm moving my plastic minis on the table top with fancy visuals. Each army plays different in fun ways that let's you play to their strengths with a lot of variation to unlock with doctrines and skins/etc.Dawn of War 3 is not a bad game but it's definitely not for people hoping for more of what came before it. It's got a good sense of scale but is in dire need of better maps and less crappy cover shield placements (which are the most awkward pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game.) I don't know if it'll have the longevity the previous games did as I can't much speak to balance or the lack of varied multiplayer modes.I like Dawn of War 3 so far, not as much as I thought I might but it's still a solid if troubled entry into the Warhammer 40k universe. If you're a big fan of the first two and aren't sure if you'll like it, you may not if you wanted more of the same. If you've never played any Dawn of War games (go fix that right now!) then you'll most likely very much enjoy this game if you're a 40k fan that's alright with the flashy/slightly toony graphics. I wish the series had stayed a bit more like how Dawn of War 2 and it's first expansion Chaos Rising was like, or they had at least had another Last Stand mode."
,Not Recommended,285190,31619142,Posted: 7 May,all,Versist,"I changed this review entirely because it was no longer relevant due to balance changes and content updates... and the self-righteousness of Relic... my main problem so far has been Relic's inability to rise above and act like adults, admittedly in the face of the unfortunate fact that most of the people giving this game bad reviews- and their player-base in general, are being toxic, childish, and petty (not unlike MOST video game communities... shocking). Relic is also being toxic, childish, and petty and its ruined this game for me. They nitpick the community-made content instead of making meaningful changes on their own. They leave things unfixed intentionally it seems, just to turn their nose up at someone. It's almost a decent game, if anyone played it... wait till it's 75% off for the single player and playing against bots"
76561197969812835,Not Recommended,285190,31404198,Posted: 27 April,all,BeyondFubar,"While I do enjoy playing the latest in the Dawn of war series, I feel  a bit like 'base building' and 'Return to our roots' sentiment displayed is perhaps bending the truth.  This game is continuing the trend of smaller and smaller maps and closer and closer camera angles to your units.This results in a RTS-like MOBA.If you came looking for DOW 1 then go back you've gone to far.  This is DOW shoehorned into a lane based 'Watch out for turrets, and blow up the thing at the end' you don't dismantle the opposing force's base, you kill a 'Shield generator' I still enjoy it, but it's up to modders now to give us a base building, mass army, big enough map for maneuver RTS we've been wanting.Edit:Anyone else waiting to hear ""Heimdall open the bifrost!!"" when selecting Gabriel Angelos?Edit: I am amazed how fast this got dull.  Haven't played in a while and saw the ""50% off this title!"" thing in my inventory.  How about I'll wait for DoW 3.5 when you make it replayable like DoW 1?"
,Not Recommended,285190,31400230,Posted: 27 April,all,TripSin,"Unfortunately, Relic really missed the mark with DoW 3 and has managed to severely disappoint a lot of people. For whatever reasons, many of the core elements that made the previous Dawn of War entries fun and enjoyable were cut out for this third installment. And many of the new ""innovations"" just don't make for an enjoyable Dawn of War experience. I was really looking forward to this game and so am very sad it turned out like this. If you've never played one of the previous Dawn of War games and aren't able to appreciate the missed potential with this game, it might not actually be so bad for you. Not great, but maybe not terrible. If you have enjoyed either of the previous games, I have to imagine you probably aren't going to like this one."
76561198090507393,Not Recommended,285190,31450938,Posted: 29 April,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"I enjoy this game.(It's a lie, game is boring)"
76561198007293726,Not Recommended,285190,31570314,Posted: 5 May,all,Mirrari,Thanks for destroying the Dawn Of War franchise forever Relic.I really hope Philippe Boulle the baboon that was in charge of this fail cash-grab got fired.
76561198144504089,Not Recommended,285190,34463862,Posted: 24 August,all,Imperial Cadian Karskin Officer,"WELL.I LOGGED INTO STEAM ONE DAY AND I READ 1 NEW ITEM IN YOUR INVENTORY.IT WAS A COUPON FOR DAWN OF WAR 3 AND SAIS 50% OFF.SO I BOUGHT THE GAME AND YEAH ITS OKAY I GUESS.BUT WHEN YOU COMPARE IT WITH DOWN OF WAR 1 ONE THE BEST  GAMES I KNOW YEAH LETS BETTER NOT TALK ABOUT IT.SO YEAH IT HARDY PASSES MY TEST BUT WITHOUT TTHE COUPON YEAH NO.(IM DOING THIS FOR THE AWESOME VARLOCK GUARSMEN I MET ON THE CAMPAIGN).I WISH THEY WERE PLAYABLE,THEY ARE SO COOL!!!"
,Not Recommended,285190,31465349,Posted: 30 April,all,BunnyLord,"so i posted a poistive review b4 and i now have to say that i cant play this game anymore because im so dam bored... the lack ov content is soooo bad and the devs dont give a dam but they think balance and skins are more important.... The more i play the less players are on too... Already dead avter such little time....HELLO DEVS, LAST STAND?????? I spent countless hours and hours on last stand... AND RACES??? Only three to play as....And what about the INSANE micro managing???Im sick ov it. Chaos was always my vavorite to play as and cant even in this lol....Game with great potential gone to WASTE... Absolute waste....Even the cover system is gone.... One ov the most common sense things to have...Not to mention the story sucks....Booooo! to the people that decided to make it like this... I veel sorry vor the people who worked on this and wanted it to be good...BTW my  ""f"" doesnt work .. Thats why theres alot ov Vs"
,Not Recommended,285190,31479741,Posted: 30 April,all,False Motive,"Nah, confused about what they want in a game. Mediocre at implementation. It was obvious they were gonna have lanes and switched it up at some point. Now I just don't get that ""feel"" I had playing an RTS such as SC2 or CnC: Kane's Wrath. This is a solid negative from me, sorry Relic."
76561198016685196,Not Recommended,285190,31408562,Posted: 27 April,all,Fuck,"Long time DOW and W40k fan. This game is what I expected it to be, I think as things settle down it will become a fun classic people are being far too picky. Not to mention it has workshop support so hopefully the game can be brought around for a lot of people who feel it is lacking. Gameplay is smooth and easy nothing too crazy but nothing too simple.EDIT: So far the improvements have been slow Ive yet to return to the game because it seems no different. I wont recommend this game any more Its kind of sad to see the game go down this path. The lack of content , how long it takes the devs to update the game just shows they really dont care. No justice done for yet another 40k game."
76561198020733366,Not Recommended,285190,31447606,Posted: 29 April,all,MECHA_CAT,"Overall the game is very different from the past iterations. I really enjoy the big battles when you have all of these units fighting and using abilities. Everything else is  not really that great or attention grabbing.Pros:Lots of unitsBig battlesHero unitsLeveling sytemCool abilities for units and heroesCons:Kinda BlobbCampaign is boring though its more for leveling up your hero unitsLots of angry people complaining about the gameEvery game I play I hate it moreBalance PatchesUpdate: 6/8/17Kinda haven't played much of the game since the first couple weeks and will probably just pop in now and again. The campaign is pretty tedious so I kinda stopped at mission 10 and will probably get back into the game after some new factions are added.Game is basically abandoned with only 1k players on average, hopefully new features and factions will be added to bring back some more players.Update: 6/20/17Annihilation mode is added to multiplayer. Review changed from Negative to Positive. Though it has not been added to auto-match.Update: 7/27/17Finally finished last mission. DOW III has pretty much no player base left hopefully dev's address their shortcomings. At this point I am not sure what the fate of this game will be or if any DLC races will ever come out.They are too busy releasing reskins for units and making funky balance changes instead of addressing key issues such as camera rotation, maps, 3 factions, and UI.Update: 8/6/17Game is dead, no player base left where I play. Around 300-700 max players at any given time.Review Changed to Negative due to lack of content and player base.Update:8/17/17Received coupon for 50% off... Why would I want this I already have the game...Would have been a nice gift to give.Sorry but no coupon is going to save this abomination of a MOBA.Update: 8/29/17Newest update broke the elites, leaderboards, skulls, and several other features! This is the nail in the coffin for me. See ya until camera rotation, necrons, chaos, IG, real cover, and proper patches.Update:8/31/17Update was rolled back and then fixed. At least we are starting to see some positive balance patches but the game is still low on maps, elites, and lacking camera rotation.Update: 10/2/17Skulls Currency for unlocking new perks and elites have been removed and all items are available... What was the point of leveling up Elites and doing the Campaign? My time was all wasted just like the money spent on development for this junk."
