user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,285500,9492460,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Nox,"Ok, I have to say that I really like this game.  It's very similar to the Wing Commander : Privateer model of a golden path where you have an open world, horizontal gameplay and character development with a game story waiting for you to follow it.There's trading, truck upgrades, modular weapons, towns, factions, and an open world map to boot.  The graphics are 2006-ish but if you're looking for gameplay, you can look past that.The vehicles themselves are based around chassis that have stats but each chassis also has multiple front and back body components which different turret / upgrade / cargo slots.   Not all weapon slots are 360 degrees which adds a positional element to combat.The game won't work out of the box for Windows 7.  You have to delete the videos in your Steam\SteamApps\common\Hard Truck Apocalypse\data\video directory."
,Recommended,285500,9484349,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,iWaNN,Fallout on wheels... and one of the best OST in game industry. Enjoy!
,Recommended,285500,9484149,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bionic Bovine,"Hell it's about time...Before you trolls B***h about poor voice acting and everything being too brown. you know what you guys just leave the room right now. They gone? Okay. Now if you ever wanted to be the freighter getting attacked by pirates only with buggys and you're driving a truck with optional shotgun turrets, heavy armor and no Tom Hanks. this is it.In the end this game deserves to be on Steam. Enjoy."
76561198067084640,Recommended,285500,15498673,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Yipp,"Now, I can't say this is alike any game that most people know- for it certainly isn't. It's like a mix of Twisted Metal, Fallout, and Mad-Max style combat with a huge amount of cheesey- and probably bad- translations. It's a Russian game with dated graphics and a decently written story. It's a tale of revenge, messenger-like objectives, and mystery. The lore is actually really complex, and there are some side quests you can take more than the random Bartender mission. Yeah, those guys give you random missions that help early game but are wastes of time in later game due to the prices.Now, I find it funny that every character wears a Ghost-of-the-opera-esque mask, and lore-wise they explain they're basically a more ornate and compacted Gas mask. I think they made them because they didn't want to have to animate faces, haha. Voice acting is absurd in English; so you may want to just play it in the original Russian with subtitles. This game still has its problems.Pros:-Excellent Story and Lore-Wonderful control system; works pretty well and can be re-assigned if need be.-Interesting Mechanics- Fuel is a thing, tons of truck upgrades, pretty unique storage system.-Design of the trucks looks amazing; You even get monstrosities that are crosses between monstertrucks and tanks, wield five guns at once, and guzzle gas faster than five hummers from an oil tank that must be the size of a pond.-A few hillarious glitches: Pedestrians walk into your truck during cutscenes and splat with a noise like a bug, grass floats, that sort of thing.Cons:-Dated Graphics; it's an old game, but that can be looked over.-A few major glitches; One game breaking one stopped me from palying for nearly a year until I found a guide. Careful when you get to the oil shiping mission in the desert.-Gets boring at times- you'll spend sometimes an hour or more crossing over three regions that you've cleared before, one-shotting the old enemies and getting worthless crap.-AI can be a bit of an idiot at times; crashs into enemies, drives off of cliffs, gets stuck on debris.All in all, I would suggest this game. It's enjoyable and very, very unique- plus it gives me a laugh every now and then, even if it wasn't intended. I'm pretty sure they weren't; but it's funny when a bandit yells something nonsensical anyways. If you want a game of strange bandits, amazing truck combat, massive- and sometimes excellent- landscapes, amazing story, and silly translations, BUY THIS GAME. It's worth it."
,Recommended,285500,10214596,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,The Mugbearer,"Well, after long years of being a huge fan of this game, I finally finished it (I had an original Russian actual version released by Buka company).My feelings are mixed. I'd like to point out some pros and cons for the game, and you guys will judge for yourself.I solemnly swear to keep it spoiler-free for those who still hasn't finished it.Pros:* A pseudo open world to explore. Due to some scripted restrictions you cannot simly go to, say, Vaterland from Krai. But it doens't mean that actual exploration is not fun and to some extent rewarding.* A variety of trucks to choose from with a great deal of customization. I love all of them, except for maybe Belaz since I didin't touch it at all.* A wide variety of weapons to satisfy anyone's taste, from machine guns to plasma cannons.* Lovely soundtrack and visuals. A bit outdated, but the game is almost a decade old! Explosions and energy particles tho.* The narrative in terms of lore. Just read the in-game books.Cons:* Extremely poor narrative. Both from the point of telling a story and the story itself. I dunno, maybe it's just those Masks that make every character to look the same way? Or voice acting? Or the final which is a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT?* A dumb AI. More in a matter of path-finding than fighting. Extremely stupid! Sometimes a bunch of trucks cannot make it through a hill because instead of driving around they try to come over it.* Not really much stuff to do aside from some interesting side quests now and then.*  The final boss battle. A huge disappointment also. No spoilers!* Dialogue is just a stub. I understand that in such a mission there need to be less talk and more action but damn! I felt sorry for coming to Ben's place and leaving the same instance without even saying good bye. No love for the old guy.* Restrictions on where to go and what to do. Try to cross that river in Vaterland. Just go and do it.* Some things are just unnecessary. For example, some inter-regional shortcuts. I never used them and have a feeling that never will. Sad but true.CONLUSION: This game has it's flaws, and narrative leaves a nasty touch on my tongue. But I still love this game. For the sense of freedom that it managed to give to me despite all those restrictions to go where I want. For the atmosphere of post-apocalyptic road to nowhere. You just go where the wind blows. I just wish I could dive into this world a bit more, leaving all that main storyline somewhere on the side. Actually, a sandbox open-world RPG in HTA setting would be much appreciated and would become a must-have in my collection. Maybe with some neat multiplayer like it was, say, in Freelancer? I don't know, and probably will never know.Anyway, that's my review. Still love this game and recommend it to everyone interested. Give this game a try."
,Recommended,285500,12768913,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Aro,"There are a lot of games on Steam, but once in a while, you browse the catalogue and discover a little gem hiding somewhere in the deep ends of the underated section.Ex Machinais one of those games, but let me start off by saying that this game certainly isn't for everyone, it's genre is considered to be a very acquired taste, but I would say it's worth the buy anyway just for the sake of trying it. I didn't expect it to be anything amazing given it's lack of popularity, but I was wrong, this game is truly brilliant.If by some coincidence you were attracted to this game because you are a fan of Takara'sRoad Trip AdventureorSeek & Destroy(otherwise known as theChoroQgames) like me, then you definitely shouldn't miss out on this, it brings the best of both of those Worlds together!Ex Machinais about the young protagonist searching for lots of answers & vengeance, depending on the story options you go along with, in a post apocalyptic representation of north America. You start off with one of the weaker vehicles in the game but are given the oportunity to work your way up the ladder by getting coins for doing jobs or selling loot and scrap to people and villages thus giving you the chance to buy new vehicles or upgrade your existing one. Sell the dropped weapons of the enemy, use the money to buy yourself a bigger, better one! The game starts off a little bit slow, but the pace picks up over the course of the game.Not much else can be said without giving away spoilers, but the story can be very extensive depending on what choices you make during your experience, this is something I really enjoy aboutEx Machina, that there isn't just one set plot but rather multiple different routes and storylines that can occur.The game has it's quirks, in fact, it is averyquirky game, it also has some minor annoyances such as some spelling and grammatical mistakes (this is due to the original version of the game being Russian resulting in a bad translation). The voice acting leaves much to be desired and the dialog is sometimes far from brilliant, but this game really does a lot more things right than it does wrong. The open world, the long story with alternate endings and plots, tons of optional quests, upgrades and weapon variety are something many games in this day and age can learn from. It really is a shame that this game doesn't have a very large community because it really is wonderful, even if it has somewhat dated graphics. There is also no warp function, meaning you have to drive to everywhere you need to go rather than magically appearing there with the click of a button, this can sometimes be tedious but is also another great addition to this open world game.If you've been watching this, I highly recommend giving it a go, I can't promise you will enjoy it because as I said above, it definitely isn't for everybody, but it is certainly something unique. Some of the reviews on here and the ""expert"" reviews on other sites seem to be by people who tried the game for all of 20 minutes and decided to stop playing for some reason or other as they never go into any detail as to why they gave negative reviews, so I think rather than thinking twice because of what those people had to say, you should just ultimately see for yourself. That's what I did, I have no regrets.Please do read some reviews however as it seems that this game has some trouble functioning on certain systems. I am running Windows 8 and the game runs flawlessly."
76561197993284064,Recommended,285500,9555704,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,GarGhuul,"Actually pretty good, especially at the price. Some minor bugs, and a few major ones, but good music and the gameplay is mostly solid. The localization is a bit flawed, but mostly understandable.I say mostly a lot because there are a few things, but given the state of games released even today they are simply par for the course.If you are playing in windows 7 or 8 check the forums as there is an issue with the intro videos playing and you need to delete them from within the game data folder.Overall a sometimes frustrating but ultimatly enjoyable experience."
76561198002158088,Recommended,285500,12255588,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wobby,"I had fun playing this game.That's reason enough for me to recommend it and this is what the game gave me. I bought it on sale and didn't expect too much but I was surprised. For me it's just one of those easy going, nothing too complicated and decide for yourself kind of game.So a big thumbs up and I'm going to play some more right now!"
76561198030666237,Recommended,285500,17112928,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ReaperV,"I am going to start with a CAVEAT: To make this game work you WILL have to download a Russian 3rd-party patch/launcher, and if you want to play in a custom HD resolution (I play at 2560x1440), you WILL have to edit the config file (not that hard). If you are prepared for that, then please continue reading... or better yet, just BUY the thing already. It's a great game! If not, then unfortuneately it will never work for you and your money would be best spent somewhere else. There WILL be an MMO version of this game by the same developers, and it's currently going through early beta testing. If you don't want to have to mess with (Russian) files and rather play with your friends, just wait for that game to come out, because this is a different experience and requires a bit of effort on your end to make it work.Now more about this game: This game is awesome... and it was heart-breaking when I had crash after crash on my Windows 8.1 setup. It's a very simple game I hear being compared to the original Elite, but on land in a post apocalyptic world setting. It has a bit of a mixed steam-punk and post-apocalyptic feeling I get from this game, but it does so in a sort of charming way without the typical zombies and gore.Now here is the thing, I had to start over soooo many times because my saves would not load after a while and then I had to try play it mostly with Steam off by launching it from the game directory... it all failed sooner or later.Why do I still recommend it now? Well, if you go to the Discussions of the Steam Community for this game, there is a Russian launcher/patch you can download specifically for this game to run on Windows 7/8 (from a Sticky thread). IT WORKS! After ignoring this game for almost a year, I was able to finally load my most recent save and it loaded and played beautifully! Yes, the graphics are a bit old, yes, there are still some glitches, the physics are non-existent, and the game is just simple to play with no base/station building or recruiting anybody... but is that a bad thing? The world maps are large, they are all tied together interestingly (and need to be fully explored to find interesting stuff/missions), trading generally works, and the wonderful trucks just plain look incredible. Unlike a lot of today's games, this one has a certain charm to it that I have not been able to find in any other game since I attempted to play this one originally. Well, to me it's still a lot of fun, and it offers a challenge, especially in the beginning before you learn that you are not that tough compared to what's roaming around out there. From my understanding, there are plenty of these sorts of ""learning moments"" through-out the game.As a plus, it's NOT an MMO for a change! It's an honest-to-goodness single-player game in which you don't have to deal with greifers, and online connection, or a bunch of other hoopla you typically have with modern games.If you are looking for a fun and simple vehicle-based RPG combat/trading game, then this game is for you... IF you can literally download a 3rd-party patch and edit the config for your resolution. If not, then please just move on. Most of the negative reviews are about the lack of stability when the game itself is actually very fun when it works... it's a shame, if it was not for the horrible support for this game, I feel like this could have been a massive and very popular franchise.UPDATE: As an update after I left this review and added 17 more hours to the Steam-recorded time... I had literally 2 crashes over the course of this time with the new 3rd party patch/launcher. Once it crashed when I tried alt+tabbing out of the game (I have alt-tabbed MANY times over 17+ hours, it only crashed once), and another time when I used F12 to try to make a Steam screenshot. It has run flawlessly for the remainder of the time. No issues loading saved games, no game-breaking glitches, just fun in the sun in my giant trucks! :DUPDATE #2: Had maybe 2 more odd crashes, but have a solid 30 hours of game time (from what is clocked on Steam) and getting close to the end (just finished the Oracle quest thing and looking for the second disc). The game is getting a little repetitive at times, but new maps look cool, and I still like the exploration aspect and doing missions even though I have more money than I can possibly spend. Still think it's a wonderful Elite-type game that I wish more people gave a chance to. The newish community patch in the Steam Discussions for this game makes this game work great. It's obviously an older game, it's not perfect, but it's unique... and now it actually runs!"
,Recommended,285500,32377122,Posted: 12 June,all,TEKnowledgy,"The grand daddy of Crossout ;) Developed by same devs.Lotta people think Crossout is like twisted metal, those people never played HTA.Most people never knew about it until it was put on steam.I had this game originally when it released back in 05, I got in spring of 06. (Non-Steam version)(This is why my steam time so low)If I remember correctly the end mission is bugged and broken and only with luck can you actually beat this game.Still i recommend the game if you like RPGs and car combat.You get a couple different vehicles you can customize what weapons to use, but before you know it you'll hit the meta pretty quickly with each vehicle.I haven't played the game in ages, a good 11 years or more since I actually played to the end, but I don't remember it's story much at all. 11 years is a long time to remember it, considering all the games I've played in those years.Still I remember it being a fun game, seems like the random A.I. encounters was a bit lackluster it was either to easy or not enough encounters.Probably not worth full price,  just because of it's age and that end bug that breaks the game.Like i said before you might get lucky and not hit the bug, but it was pretty common back in the day.I hit it on my 1st play through, since i didn't know about it i didn't have a back up save.So i was screwed and lost interest at that point.On sale for $1.59 yea worth it don't expect it to work on windows 7-10 (even if it's mentioned) if ya modern games having troubles just imagine a game 11 1/2 years old....."
76561198070456044,Recommended,285500,9514207,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ryancobra0092,"Okay i will start with the good things, Good selection of trucks (with a few cabs and body choices to make each unique), Weapons alot with many types in each size such as a 2x2 gun or lazer that can only be equipped in a 2x2 slot or a 3x4 cannon that belongs in a 3x4 slot, This game works well everything has a size and rearranging the inventory to fit enough loot to sell at the next town is easy to do. The voice acting is bad but in a good way. And the story is good and makes for a good reason to keep playing. The battles are fun even if the enimies seem to constantly come at you or just don't spawn for ages... But onto the bad things... Bugs, Crashes, Glitches, Graphics, Try to think of something bad... Yep this game has that i have windows 7 so i get the black screen at the start i got past it by hitting escape. Then after palying through the first area crash #1 so i deleted the videos in the local files. now the game works fine. The few crashes i have had since have been during loading screens so save before leaving areas. AND SAVE OFTEN. With many files so you can load back a few if needed.Towards the end of the game some of the battles just got stupid i could shoot for ages and do so little and take heaps of damage at the same time. I love this type of game but the lack of info on the web the bugs and the fact steam seems like they never tested it makes it a wary buy. 6/10 includiing issues 9/10 gameplay wise.EDIT: When i played through it the trading cards were not out now they are. Also about 2 weeks after i beat it i replayed made a different choice in a mission and the whole campaign was different. great game if you can get it to work. 10/10EDIT: Well i have to go back thru and play for the cards now. I don't mind but i did just buy the other hard truck game. Still not a bad thing love the game. Hoping for a remake/sequal."
,Recommended,285500,14258731,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Vinzenz,"Hard Truck Apocalypseis the firstElite-type trading game I really had fun with. Because it is endearingly simple. (Space) trading games usually come with a billion of planets, try to awe you with a world full of ""possibilities"". I, personally, find these cold worlds intimidating, their space stations and gas clouds and futuristic ores. And their six axis control terror. I'm not made for dogfights.HTA, on the other hand, is a sandy game of browns and yellows and the main music whilst driving is a cute little country tune. (Which gets old fast, but anyway.) And the map is more neat than huge. But that's okay!So there's a story about people that look like really cool, anaemic 3D puppets, but mostly you drive from A to B, deliver stuff and ""bandits"" will attack you inbetween and you gun them away with WASD and a mouse-controlled baby turret on your truck. Which is fully customizable. It all works alright.I think that's the game. It doesn't need more.Yeah, sometimes, the colour palette is a little too friendly, there's nothing obviously ""gritty"" here. In a way, that's pretty realistic. If you lived in a world like this, this is what it would feel like, you wouldn't have a high contrast filter on your eyes or vignetted sight.PlayingHard Truck Apocalypseis like driving through the German federal states of Brandenburg or Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, where the apocalypse is alreading taking place these days - abandoned villages, peaceful lakes, people doing odd jobs for nothing."
,Recommended,285500,10514088,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Hard Truck: Apocalypse takes an interesting premise and strips away all but the most mundane elements, leaving you to drive down a long and unexciting road to nowhere.Most of the trucks ride like they should be carting oranges or vending-machine refills, instead of chasing bandits. Pushing them down the road with a keyboard ain't much fun—and driving eats up almost all of your playing time.The more interesting large-scale fire fights and planning truck upgrades provide some reasons to stick with it, along with nostalgia for dear old Interstate 76. If only Targem had concentrated on lending the missions more of the depth I76's sported, the other faults would be far more forgivable.The vast world with bandits and weapon-packed vehicles is an interesting idea, but being forced to meander back and forth across it just to earn a few scraps of cash makes the whole thing boring.Its gameplay isn't imaginative or original, but if you're looking for a quick fix of destructiveness, Apocalypse gets the job done. Overall 5/10."
,Recommended,285500,13702809,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MajorWoody98,"If anyone knows other games that are like this, please share.  I'd love this kind of game.I can see I'll be getting deep into this.  Its the kind of fun i like.  Open world, quests, vehicle upgrades.I have already experienced the 2 known bugs (on Win 7) but some has posted the solutions and they worked just fine."
,Recommended,285500,10271897,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kailen,"It sounds like such a simple question.  ""Do you recommend this game?""  But every now and then a game comes along that makes you really have to think about that.  This is one of those games.It is a budget title.  A game that is massively flawed, but functional.  There are bugs, ranging from invisible walls in the middle of the map, floating grass, options such as reversing your mouse’s y-axis not saving when you exit the game, to the game not exiting properly, crashing, and not working on Windows 7 or higher without some tweaking.  There are bugs.  You will encounter them.The game, originally Russian, has some problems in the translation.  Voice acting for the main character is flat.  He calls out things like “The roof is on fire!” when he spots enemies.  There are several more non-sequiturs in the game.  The story is fairly generic, limited.  However, it does branch out, letting you choose different factions to support during the game.The game is not polished.  Your vehicle can climb mountains with ease, physics are described as ‘bouncy’.  To explain why all the characters’ faces don’t move, the creators decreed that all the characters wear masks (and, yes, the graphics reflect that).But the gameplay is there.  You can drive around.  You can enter combat, with a variety of weapons.  Vehicles are done in a fairly strict upgrade process.  One chassis is better than another, one cab is better in nearly all stats and slots than another, same with beds.  Even with combat, some weapons are clearly better than nearly anything else in their slot (shotguns, particularly the medium shotgun, are fairly over powered compared to other available weapons).You can raid, you can trade, haul cargo, complete quests.  You can finish the game.  It is not without flaws, but it is not without charm.  There are problems with AI spawn rates, where enemies will attack in rapid succession outside of a town, leading you into a loop of defending yourself, looting the scraps, returning to sell and repair, and then being attacks again right away.  Other times, you will not see an enemy for several maps if you run through them.  Yet the game also contains some clever fights (and some generic ones).The first map perfectly introduces you to how to play.  The next string of maps seems to follow the trope of “they get worse as you go on, because fewer and fewer people will see them”, but began to improve again in time.  You do eventually see different environments from what most of the early game looks like.This is a game that doesn’t feel done, but does feel like the devs had a clear idea of what they were trying to achieve.  And, gameplay wise, it is solid.  And it is fun, if that’s what you want.   So, in the end, do I recommend this game?  Yes, I think I do, if that is the kind of game you’re looking for, and if you can look past its many flaws.  But this game won’t appeal to everyone."
,Recommended,285500,15963354,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Frozzen,"this game at first i didn't really like it because of the graphics mainly but after a few hours and learning the controls, i started to like it and the story line since that bad at all, the best i can say the game is cheap so who cares if you like or not, because personally i don't read any commit that doesn't have at less 20 hours or game play because 9 times out of 10 its just someone that wants to say something not nice about something and that is the normal for them on a computer. Over all i enjoyed the game you have to repair your truck upgrade it and even make money and do side mission so you can pay for your upgrades and if you do get this game my advice is not leave the area map of each area until you get the best stuff or you will find the game a little hard to beat."
,Recommended,285500,11224296,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hell Razor,"If you like car-based post-apocalypse and don't afraid of slightly old graphics - this game is for you! Customize your car, fight against road bandits, scavenge goods to sell it in the town shops - everything for the real Road Warrior!As the old game, it's pretty hardcore (but not really hard)- no chackpoints, health regen, fast trevel, or other casual (poser) stuff! Damaged in battle - repeir for money, died  - load game. But you can save in evevery game moment, even in the middle of a fight!Fun gemeplay and It also has a pretty good story.The second one (""rise of clans"") is good too - it's pretty mutch the same, but with some improvements (more cars, customizations, and so).I recommend both of these games - it's worth money!"
,Recommended,285500,20663284,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Saeran,"It kinda feels like a mix between Fallout and Mad Max with a bit of Twisted Metal thrown in there, which is pretty neat. If you can disregard the dated graphics(It's an old game after all)and like Fallout or the vehicular combat of Mad Max or Twisted Metal, I'd say give it a shot.Oh, and it has voiceacting on the level of the original Resident Evil, so if you enjoy that cringy as hell ""so bad it's good"" voiceacting, you'll be quite pleased with this game."
76561198024963888,Recommended,285500,23330593,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Candarian,i would call this game a great game if there where no bugsi cant call a game great if i have to fix the bugs myself to get it runningbutafter spending some time in the net i got hints how to get it runningafter deleting the video and/or(i dont realy care why it work now) disable all cpu except the cpu 0 with the task manager i got it runningand it still have some crashs if i change the areas sometimes(saving before an area change is a realy good idea in my opinion)anyway the game is funand there are not many (good) games on the market of this kind of gamegrafic is not great but okcontrols are good(sometimes only ok if u try to climb a hill and there the o key usualy help)and because i usualy turn of most sounds in games lets says its there :)i got this for less than 1 € on saleand i had hours of fun with it after a not so funny starti think buying it was worth it
,Recommended,285500,14551334,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fighter_025,"If you can see past the dated graphics and stilted english then this game is an absolute gem!  I must admit I love cruising around in my modded truck blowing the absolute **** out of bandits.  It takes a little while to get going but once you get to at least your third class of truck, things get really fun.Pros;- Awesome soundtrack- Loads of mods and weapons to chose from- Decent trading system between towns- Large maps to explore- Loads of side quests- Funny dialogueCons;- Funny dialogue and stilted mission/story- Invisible barriers on mountains- No auto-save- Some long back and forth missionsYou can get the general gist of what is going on, but the poor conversion to english (which can be quite funny at times) can detract from the experience.  Otherwise this is a solid game that is fun with an awesome soundtrack.  I would definately buy this game again if they were to ever improve the graphics and perhaps throw in a few more truck classes."
76561198193709158,Recommended,285500,31197230,Posted: 17 April,all,Summerrain,"Sure, this fun little oddity of a game could have used a lot of polish back in the days. But it comes with a truckload of post-apocalyptic charm and has such a stylish dieselpunk vibe to it that you can probably overlook most of its flaws if you have a soft spot for the genre.That said, minor flaws are plenty. Some of them add to the charm, some of them feel like they wasted potential. For a vehicular combat game with plenty of off-road opportunities, the physics are rather simplistic. So are the graphics. The writing feels like they tried to be epic in scope and witty in style, yet it comes across as more of a cheesy translation accident. You get a rather large open world, yet much of the gameplay and storytelling is a lot more linear than you may expect. Towards the middle of the game, all the long-range errand-running starts getting tedious, artificially stretching the game without adding content. They do have a nice choice of vehicles and gear to keep you interested though, even if picking the right truck for the job is usually a no-brainer.Still, Hard Truck Apocalypse basically delivers on its promise. It's fun. It's stylish. It's a very high-concept idea with a very cheesy title, and in many ways, that already tells you a lot about what to expect here."
,Recommended,285500,11289401,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RacerBest,"Amazing trucking game that combines RPG and car combat together. Open world, lots of quests, loot stuff, buy new trucks.. Long story with optional sidequests, different ways to do the quests and I believe there are two endings you can get too.Just want to say that remember to save often and save on multiple slots so you can load your old saves. There was one quest that is bugged and if I didn't have old saves I would have been stuck in the game because I couldn't complete the misssion without loading the game. Also when you die there is no respawn, you must load your old save.I recommend this game for everyone. This game should have been more popular!!"
76561198001727125,Recommended,285500,29012896,Posted: 4 January,all,Oska,"I really liked (and like) this game.Pros:+ Atmosphere+ Trucks+ Modifications (visible, performance, combat capabilities)+ Open World+ Damage (not just visible, it is also has influence on truck speed)+ Phisics (you can feel the terrain, and the difference between e.g. 100 and 110 km/h, also can destruct trees)+ Transportation (you can transport goods between ""cities"" without any quest, so you can earn money with it)Cons:- Not just install and play (it has some problems, to lauch the game (see below))- Could be repetitious after some hours (already completed the game (not on Steam))Problems:It gave me some hours while I could start it at my existing config, but now it runs perfectly (at 1024x768 (can't change resolution)).I also found solution for loading the saved games, so now I'm really happy.There is an old discussion where I posted my comment:http://steamcommunity.com/app/285500/discussions/0/35220315963835670/"
76561198060064934,Recommended,285500,24553945,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Terence Hill,"The Game works really fine on WIn 8.1 .Such a cool old game.Just added a few cofigs from the commends and changed the name of the ""video"" folder to ""video.old""_____""DO NOT USE IN-GAME ANISOTROPIC FILTERING, OR U WILL GET UNHANDLED EXCEPTIONS.ONLY USE TRILINEAR FILTERING: (config.cfg)shaderMacro0=""MIN_MAG_FILTER Linear""shaderMacro1=""MIP_FILTER Linear""Force Anisotropic Filtering in the driver settings of ur graphics card.You can edit the resolution and the filtering method in the config.cfg @ X:\Steam\SteamApps\common\HARD TRUCK APOCALYPSE RISE OF CLANS\datar_height=""1080""r_width=""1920""and (you must edit both)r_desiredHeight=""1080""r_desiredWidth=""1920"""
76561198014212179,Recommended,285500,20210840,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[Corrupted] killer,I found this game to be pretty awesome... once you get into it. you start off in a little truck with one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ machine gun and it is probably not untill you have put hours into the game that you will be able to upgrade to get a second weapon on your vehicle. But that's just the start by the end of it you can be driving a wepons platform with 5 guns and missile launchers on it. The lore behind the game is also pretty interesteing with the different gasmasks factions and people wear. Yep loved it clocked it 8/10
76561198064775934,Recommended,285500,10503895,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Heseth,"Ok,after a week or so,I finally finished playing this game and i have a few things to tell about this game.I'll start with what's good and what's bad at this game.Pro:*Custom trucks/map/difficulty/economy/Gameplay.-The ability to change the type of weapons you have on your truck makes it so you can adapt to any enemy.-You can change how the trucks look,from painting the truck to changing/upgrading it-Map:The area you will explore,is big and it should keep you busy for a long time-Difficulty:this game even at normal is pretty challenging(you will really need to manage the resources you find on the map)-Economy:you will find different resources throught the game,each of these resources will sell at different prices.(some cities will give 10000$ for an electric board and other will offer you 50000$)-Gameplay wise this game is good but a bit repetitive.Cons:*Acting/bugs/performance isuses.-Acting:Lets say if this game would have been an actor,it wouldn't win an Oscar-Bugs:There are lots of them but mostly graphical ones,the only place i encountered a bug that required me to reload a current save,was in the area,called Vahat,to be exactly,the city ""KEF"".(lets say if you meet a guy Called Mario exit the city,save,and then talk with him,if he changes your truck,your good if he dosen't keep trying)-Performance:While the game runs great it has a problem with the resolution and also lacks V-sync.You can get around these issues by:1:Going to Nvidia Control Panel/AtiCatalyst driver and force V-sync on the game(Google is your friend)2:To fix the Resolution you will need to Find the Confing.cfg file and open it with notepad,after that you need to search for these exact lines: r_width=""1366"" and r_height=""768""(use the find next function provided by notepad itself to find them easyer) and change the number with whatever resolution you have.You may have noticed i didn't say anything about the graphics,well...the game was made in 2006,so what do you expect?So my final opinion is this:If you find this game at a Weeklong deal or a Today's deal,buy it.The reason i say this,is because the of the amount of trouble you need to go through,to make this game run properly."
,Recommended,285500,10508220,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Luk7nk4,"Imagine Vigilante 8: Second Offense crossed with S. T. A. L. K. E. R.Set in a postapocalyptic world, you, a young farmer with a truck, have to trade, fend off bandits and discover what happened to your father.You can (and have to) outfit your vehicle, ranging from simple buggies to heavy duty trucks to armored personnel carriers, with all manner of weaponry including machine guns, shotguns, missile launchers, energy weapons, mine layers, tank cannons and mortars. There are also gadgets that improve your car such as extended fuel tanks, weapon cooling systems and turbo boosters among other things.Towns serve as trading posts, repair stations and quest hubs. Most quests revolve around delivering goods to other towns, escort missions (which are few and far between) and kill as many bandits as possible in a set time limit (usually 3 minutes).Graphics are ok, keep in mind that this is an older game.Music is fitting to the postapocalyptic setting, consisting mostly of rock tunes, my favorite theme being the one which plays in Hel. Although i wish there were more tracks.Guns sound good, i really like the meaty sound of the cannons.All in all it's a nice game, i got around 16 hours of gameplay on my 1st run (there is a certain amount of back tracking).Be sure to check out the forum for a step by step guide to prevent the game from crashing and how to run it in 1920x1080 resolution."
76561198036954946,Recommended,285500,16221724,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Drellion69,This game is very good if you liked games like car wars and the like.It has Buying and selling goods for more money and i like that in a game.like old game like privateer in space but this is with cars.
76561198013568206,Recommended,285500,9496875,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,NursingBrute,"Entertainingly bad.Part of the fun is finding all the bugs that don't detract from the gameplay but stare right at you. Things like typos, hovering grass, the speedometer being backwards, and of course everything about how the vehicles handle in relation to their environment."
76561198051865716,Recommended,285500,32509203,Posted: 17 June,all,Zahav,"This game has quite similar gameplay mechanics to Freelancer and Rebel Galaxy. You go across the wasteland from one outpost to another, repair, update or sell your truck, sell looted stuff on market and get missions from people in those outposts. On the road there will be enemies, from different factions. I recently strarted playing Rebel Galaxy and it strongly reminded of this game. Spaceship here is replaced with truck."
,Not Recommended,285500,10303072,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,jakuub,"Per comment, revised to reflect current state - Specified as XP Only in store page.  I can't play it to tell you if it's worthwhile, but be aware that XP only isn't a suggestion, it's a hard and fast rule for this game.Claiming this game works in Windows 7 is pretty crappy - I tried the video ""trick"" only to find that that is insufficient to play the game in win7x64.  Can't reccomend at any price until either it's not advertised as working under win7 or it *does* work under win7x64."
76561197990994295,Recommended,285500,10457254,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lhetre,"A decent game with some flaws.This is one-of-a-kind game, you drive a truck, fight other trucks, collect and trade gear, go on missions, talk with people in cities, buy new gear and trucks in said cities, visit several lands, all the while trying to discover who killed your father.It sports one of the best soundtracks ever, which adds to the post-apocalyptic atmosphere.Combat is against other trucks, generally you'll have three adversaries which spawn and try to chase you.Pathfinding is ridiculous. Merchants carry goods from city to city, but mostly try to climb up trees or manouver in circles. Baddies are a little bit more intelligent, they'll follow you but they never reach full speed, so it's very easy to just outrun them. There are also some scripted ambushes and boss battles.The plot is nothing new, but it gives a thread to follow, and opens new areas to explore.Trading goods generates good money - and you'll need it to buy more powerful trucks - but the best way to strike it rich is through combat and gathering of the remains of your enemies.The game lacks polish, the translation is approximative and it has its lot of annoying bugs, but it can be quite rewarding when you buy a new truck, new gun or discover a new area to explore. Even the plot becomes interesting after a while.Give it a try, it's worth your time."
76561198071389078,Recommended,285500,10677977,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,pl2tu,Good old driving with some casual shooting. Good story. Nice easygoing gaming.
,Recommended,285500,11734389,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TimedParadox,"Game is playable.  The concept is solid, but the execution is very bad.  Do not buy it for more than $1.99.The game has two major bugs, one won't let you start the game and the other locks you out of using several keys (like ESC to reach the menu) after you start the game up again.Both can be worked around:Bug 1:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=238409898Bug 2:  Start the game up, and make a permanent save (not a quick save) at the first Town/City you reach (Sowth).  Then continue playing normally, quicksave where you please.    When you start the game again, instead of loading where you last left, load up that first save first, Enter the town, then exit.  The bug should be gone and you should be able to load your last save and continue playing normally.  Keep in mind this works with any city that has an enter/exit cinematic.Should keep you busy for a few hours, if anything.  Story won't blow your mind either, does have two endings."
,Recommended,285500,23158894,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Are you my mummy?,"I saw so many review about people having problem to run the game properly. So, I feel like I need to write this review.First of all, I want to mention this: Played the game on windows 10. Didn't have any problem running it. I just needed to change resolution from config file because the game doesn't have options for new screens. Just read this guide for how to do that:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=238414792The only problem I had was the game crashing in loading screen after alt-tab. Other than that, game runned smoothly.You probably want to know how is story or is this game fun or something (obviously). Surprisingly, the story and lore is pretty good but story presentation is poor. There is two storyline, choosing sides may lead different events and there is multiple ending.Gameplay is fun. If you played mechwarrior before you can see the resemble because you can customize your truck like a mech. You can buy new truck, body, guns and you can set weapon groups, etc.Soundtrack is very good. Every map has different on the road and battle music. I liked every one of them.Some conversation I had with people was very funny. Sometimes the game can turn to a post-apocalyptic parody.Voice acting is horrible. It's like voice actors telling a bedtime story to a little kid even if they trying to say they want to kill you.A.I. is like it's not exist. Especially for pedestrians.If you are an explorer like me I got a bad news for you. Beware of invisible walls!There is some bugs and glitches like in every video games. They are not game killer one.In short, it's a great game for an old game. If they release second game, I would buy it."
76561197998798244,Recommended,285500,13696622,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DRiVER_kartturi racers  ntt,"Cute madmax feeling :3 and hey it starts to feel like YOU'RE IN A STORY and it does FEEL LIKE AN ADVENTURE ! shapes of cars are like cold-war futuristic, or some 'old way futuristic' if can say so :3  even i 99% only buy the best graphics games only, this is damn must experience. This one stands out also because game markets have very little anything near the old classic  INTERSTATE '76 . It does start slow in the very beginning, but its long content and long game, so, if you don't allways feel like everything has to be ADHD-level fast, and have some time you want relaxed with wild story, -buy it, you will love it ."
,Recommended,285500,12627057,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,-Sonneillon,"Nice game, especially when u buy it for 1.49€ ^^Technically it's non-funny parody, u can see things like flying wheels or levitating grass. IT'S BUGGED AS FECK. At the beggining it's interesting, but in time it's going to be hardly boring.But at least it's relaxing easy game 6/10"
76561198040863010,Recommended,285500,20690172,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,UshankaVolf,"A rather old game, but still enjoyable. Needs some tweaking to get working if I remember correctly, but it runs decently. Hard truck is fun, and the customization is really good for such an old game .The voice acting is as bad as it gets though. I just happen to like bad voice acting however."
,Recommended,285500,10284691,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Onionfey,"Fallout: Trucker! Ok so, You're a truck, with a big♥♥♥♥♥gun mounted on the cab. You blow stuff up, sell the bits to buy bigger guns, better parts, and badder trucks while going on kill this or go there quests with some flavor variation.The gameplay while seemingly simple at first is very solid and feels good.There is a heavy focus on vehical customization, and you can be a bandit hunter or a merchant type player (haul'n cargo, buying low and selling high) and still advance.The world is (so far) visually simplistic, sporting graphics that would look at home on a late life PS2 game, however the world itself is filled with various factions and different events that change wildly based on the choices you make, like who you ally and who you decide to blow up.The dialogue is a bit cheesy and the voice actors are just bad enough to get by without being ear grating, But the music is surprisingly good and fits the situations nicely when it plays on time (mostly in battle or in cutscenes).I am having fun with this game, definately got my monie's worth already and I plan to put a few more hours into it at least.Final Word: Upgrading your ghetto♥♥♥♥♥farm truck held together with duct tape into a Bad♥♥♥♥♥DOOMBUS of Badassery is the big draw here, though you'll find yourself wishing the game had an ""autorun""/cruse control button before you get some of the faster vehicals.OH! Don't forget to save! I lost a bit of progress when i minimized the game and it froze up. No auto save function aparently."
,Recommended,285500,26224806,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Vinyun,Its a good idea to snipe it for $0.95 when it gets on sale. Anyways the game is great for low spec and a good subsitute of those who want a mad max sort of feel. The voice acting isn't great considering it was originated from Russia but I can't blame them since English wasn't their first language so that's ok. The gameplay is amazing and the quests are a bit ok but hey you still get paid. You get a variety of weapons and trucks to drive in game my favorite being the Ural with the Knight cab and the cruiser which you can carry more weapons. I recommended if you are an rpg and a apocalyptic genre fan like me. I would also recommend HTA: Rise of Clans if you decided to pick up this one. It's the same but has more paintjob variety and you can drive the cars such as the scout and fighter(yeah the ones bandits use to ambush you in).
76561197984552014,Recommended,285500,32364579,Posted: 12 June,all,(Goblin)TOSHKAN,One of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. Bought it on CD in 2005. Lost the CD. Downloaded it from torrents in 2010. Burned my HD. Bought it on steam in 2017. I guess it's not the last time I am going to meet this game.
,Recommended,285500,10302632,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MAVEN,"An old rusty truck, whole lotta oil, a gun, and your journal. Shrouded in mistery your life is filled with numerous puzzle pieces that lead to a much bigger picture. Who are you? Who are these people? Where am I? What is this all about? Seek and you shall find, even learn more than the storyline is telling. Old worn out roads, telephone lines, monuments, secret places, biomes, the world of HTA just doesn't seem to have an end, and the story will put you in the right post-apocayptic mood for many hours.Pros:-Many hours of gameplay.-Well designed open world (for an old game that is)-Role play fun.-Many quests, items, characters to reveal.-Unique gameplay experience, very rare for this kind of game.-A chilling storyline.Cons:-No autosave, if you don't save manually every now and then you will be left stranded. The manual saving works very well though.-Few annoying bugs, they can be bypassed though.-Lack of storyline detail in some quests, ie, could use more cutscenes and speech.-Can get exhausting in travel at times.-No multiplayer. If only this game had full-blown MP support!Conclusion:HTA is my second indie open world favorite for a very good reason. I've just replayed it for 7th-8th time after many years of not playing this game, and I can assure you the experience is memorable to say the least. My first indie open world favorite is A.I.M 1 and 2, which were developed and published by the same authors, and inhibit similar open world and post-apocalypse setting and storyline like HTA, albeit with a lot more detail and story telling. I strongly recommend both games and their sequels HTA: Clan Wars and A.I.M 2. If you treasure unique gaming experience look no further."
76561198001682872,Recommended,285500,10270295,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sparky1x,"I only paid $2 for this so my hopes were not high.  However its not bad.  I think I would be willing to pay to $15 for this and still be happy with my purchase.If you run windows 7 you will need to modify files in order to make it run, very annoying.  It also crashes a lot so save often.But if you like sandbox trader/warrior for hire type games this is worth a go.  Its not fantastic, but its good."
,Recommended,285500,10281581,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mantaloupe,"Overall it's actually a pretty good game. I was honestly surprised. It has some problems but it's also got a lot that makes it very interesting as a game. An easy way to describe the game is a mix of theXseries,Falloutseries and trucks. It's a post-apocalyptic Privateer game where you control any sort of truck complete with weapons of all sorts.Pros:-Well designed gameplay. Good controls that do give you some of the heft of driving a truck.-Plenty of weapons, that are even more realistic with varying penetration and degradibility.-Large open world to explore.-RPG elements, mostly in the form of quests.-Trading system that where you can use coins gathered from quests, bartering or loot to get new weapons and supplies.-Accurate damage modeling. I love when games do this because it makes it feel like you actually took damage. Your cab and your hold both take independent damage, and things such as damage tires and even bullet holes in where you were shot show up. However, damaged tires don't seem to affect the performance of the truck which I thought was weird.Cons:-Bad voice acting, if not downright wooden. You can tell that it's been translated literally from another language.-Poor AI, at least on easier difficulties. I know that AI isn't supposed to be so grueling on easier settings, but I can honestly run into one with a consistent spray of machine gun fire and destroy it in a few seconds.-Graphics are a little bland. Although most post-apocalyptic games are like this due to the lack of lush life so I don't have a major problem with it.Overall, it's a fun game and I've barely gone down the rabbit hole in two hours. I see a lot of content in this one, and with all the decently-priced cards to sell you'd be hard pressed not to get it while it's on sale.8/10"
76561198041812857,Recommended,285500,11673557,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,KJTB8,"Great game sp far.  Really enjoyingt it.  Just delete the vid files in the game data folda to fix the Win7 issue.  Mine wasn't a blank screen, but was hanging on loading screen.  This fixes it."
76561198006520527,Not Recommended,285500,12060229,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Jankanz,"Got this during a sale but still feel ripped off - particularly by Steam - since, like so many others who bought this game on Steam, it has repeatedly crashed. All the fixes listed here that I have tried over a week-long period, have failed to get the game to run  very far past the second area. This has to be, by far, the worst experience I've had on Steam because the game is so promising and yet it won't run - a fact that has kept me trying just about anything short of learning Russian, to get it to work.This is the third game that I've purchased on Steam that has repeatedly crashed. I know that Steam's legal department require them to take absolutely no responsibility for the games they sell, but I still like to imagine that someone in their management dpeartment still cares about their company enough to actually do something about selling a shoddy product. I once tried a game that crashed and later it was updated and fixed, but I notice from the posts on Hard Truck Apocalypse that these issues have persisted for quite some time.With such issues I have to ask - Steam, why did you put this on sale for any other reason than taking money on a shoddy product that doesn't run for most of your user base?As for those of you who feel a need to say it runs fine on your machine - so what really? Does that help anyone else with these problems? All it did was encourage me to roll the dice and fail miserably."
,Recommended,285500,33354679,Posted: 7 July,all,Lumpytusk,"Disclaimer: It doesn't work on 100% of modern PCs, and it does crash regularly every hour or two. Save often.I got sucked in.I bought it for like 40 cents in the Summer Sale. I figured I'd refund it if it was really bad.90 minutes later, I was wondering why I thought I'd have to.This game is a lot of fun, like 7.62 High Calibre meets Mad Max.  In short, you drive a truck with guns on it, and shoot bandits in gun trucks and take their guns and sell them.  There's all sorts of weapons and modifications, so keeping your arsenal updated is a constant task - but it's hardly difficult. You can also mount a Deadly Assault Octopus on your truck, and this is a good thing.The translation is terrible. Utterly awful. And hilarious. Your character will say ""There should be only one!"" after a kill in combat. Also Alice = Lisa so don't get them mixed up because the name changes from time to time.The music is either alright  or pretty good - except the Hel overland theme which is (imo) amazing.Buy it on sale. The very worst that could happen is that you end up with a filler game in your library."
,Recommended,285500,25175241,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,HunterAP,"Really enjoyed the game play.  However, a physics bug caused my truck to fly into a building and explode.  No auto-save.  Lost about two hours of play time.  Kinda ruined the game for me.  If I had screwed up, I could stomach the loss of time.  But I ran over a fence post and was hurled, through the air, at 3x my normal speed, into a building, which was no where near my truck when I hit the fence post.Still, the game is worth a try.  It fills a very interesting niche that only a few other games fit.  (Auto Assault and Interstate '76 come to mind.)  Would love to see a more modernized version of this game either with auto-save, or without bugs that can cause you to lose a significant amount of play time.Though I am giving a positive review, I won't be playing the game anymore.  It's certainly worth trying out."
76561198044916100,Recommended,285500,11124762,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,piotrek199418,"I have played this game couple of years ago. I have spent so much time playing this game, and still i am surprised by the variety of the story line. This game is one of the best games I ever played along with Need For Speed Underground 2 and Euro Track Simulator 2. For me this game is better than Skyrim (I like guns more than swords). For me most of RPG games looks the same - swords, bows and magic, whereas this game is different. i rather fight with multiple guns (which can be used at once) and upgreating my truck with speed and horse power than with couple of possible guns walking around the world (Fallout3). It however requires some patience when making it work on windows seven, but it takes no more than 10 minutes to fix it with the guides on steam community site. I have to warn you that once you play that game you may never look at other rpg in the same way. Hard Truck Apocalypse among games is like 'Breaking Bad' among the tv series - you will never forget it."
,Recommended,285500,9886334,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"My initial review of this game was ill-informed and I had not yet fully understood the game, so I want you to see my ""before"" review as compared to the ""now"" review.---Before---""As a pure 'go there, then here, there there again' game, this game can be fun, but gets boring fast. Coupled with mediocre graphics (which is usually something I don't mind) and a laughably bad story, the game just doesn't amount to much more than a filler for the Steam store.""---Now---After diving deep into the heart of this game, I have seen that what was once a try-hard story and dull mechanics, are actually fairly moving and exciting. Granted the game takes it's sweet time to get the ball rolling, but once it does, you are presented with a huge amount of options as well as a huge amount of places to go.Want to be a mercenary with the most kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons imaginable? Have at it. Want to be a fairly low-key trader? Be my guest. Want to become a hero to all? Go ahead. Want to be the most hated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in all the land? It's all yours.The selection of vehicles really got my attention too. You have a vehicle for any job. You have light trucks (that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing at the beginning), medium trucks, heavy trucks, battle platforms, transports, and even little buggers that speed around everywhere.The guns tend to be a little lackluster until you get to mount 2 of them on one vehicle, where you can rain death on anything and anyone that opposes you.The enviorment was really amazing. Even though the game is fairly ""pre-uber graphics,"" it runs really well and looks really nice, plus there's some 400km^2 of land to look through for secrets. Yes, 400 squad kilometers, or about the whole of Sicily.The story behind the whole game is also very (very) believeable: humans were careless and polluted everything so much that everything else died and now we have to wear ♥♥♥♥ing masks all the time just so we don't die of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ air, and now the only way to make a living is through trade of necessities of stealing of those necessities.This game is really worth your time, but remember to SAVE YOUR GAME OFTEN. I lost about 2 hours of working that way."
,Recommended,285500,11121509,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Spectre,"I have played this game for a week now, and after working through a bug with the video code I have become slightly addicted to the game. Once you get the basics of trading between the communities in the game you will have plenty of money for upgrades and new trucks, if you choose not to you will struggle as I found. I would recommend this game for people who enjoy large open maps, driving, adventure and small puzzles."
,Recommended,285500,24836135,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cameron,"i use good ol' 64-bit win 7, and i've never had to delete a bunch of files from the game's video directory or conjure some arcane slavic magic to get this to work. am i stupid, or am i just blessed with luck? thank you, mother russia."
,Recommended,285500,11113111,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,kschang77,"Hard Truck Apocalypse (HTA) is a game that harkens back to Elite / Wing Commander: Privateer type game. You're a lone trucker, prowling the highways, moving freight, and killing enemies. You can be as good as as bad as you wish, but if you enrage a faction none of their towns will let you enter and their units will shoot you on sight, leading to further bloodshed. As you upgrade your truck wtih better weapons and better models, you will become an unstoppable force of the highways... As you search the world for the killer of your father, are you prepared for the truth? And perhaps, find what caused the apocalypse? And if given a chance, what will you do about it?As the game was released almost a decade ago, the graphics are a bit dated, and out of the box (or fresh install) it has several bugs but all of that can be easily worked around with a few easy edits of config.cfg file. The game is not very stable. There are two notable bugs: 1) sometimes when game's loaded the key commands won't work. You may need to load a game multiple times to make the keys work, and sometimes going into town (not gas station) may resolve it. 2) the game often crashes when transiting between regions (about once very 4-6 transits). You should save or quicksave just before you exit the region.Despite the simple graphics, the game is much deeper than one would suspect. There are trade goods from each town and prices drop as you brought more in, and prices rise as you buy more. Enemies often drop loot which you can sell for profit. Trucks can be customized with various models of ""cabs"" and ""beds"", of various qualities. Some cabs and beds have additional weapons hardpoints and enhancement hardpoints so you can customize your truck. With dozens of weapons, from little 5.45mm MGs all the way to 20mm quad cannons to plasma cannons, lasers, mortars, and so on, you can customize the vehicle into your personal killing machine.Bad parts about the game? No ""autopilot"" or even ""cruise control"". You have to hold down ""w"" to move forward, and you can't lock the view to ""front"" for driving, as the game relies on mouse-look for aiming your weapons, which is independent from your driving. This makes some driving quite tedious, esp. at the beginning when you have a relatively slow vehicle. Also, the game is in essence, a FPS where you ""circle-strafe"" the opponent. Depending on the vehicle, there will be a point where most guns can point toward, and that is where you want the enemy to be. Also, the game's translated from Russian, so there are PLENTY of translation errors here and there, typos, even a few ""missing references"". The plot is also quite... cliche.Still, if you like Mad Max style games this will be right up your alley. Even if it's not, if you like the ""lone wolf roam the world"" genre you should give this game a try, esp. if you get it cheap."
,Recommended,285500,15718299,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"Here's another wish for the sideways thumb or neutral option.  It's a hesitant recommendation as it definitely shows its age, and the framework they have didn't seem like there's much room left for improvement later in the game.  You're a truck, you shoot bandits.  ...That's it.  Grind long enough and you can get better armor, faster speed, and more guns to probably shoot more bandits in various vehicles.I'm mainly convinced the game doesn't change at all because of the core mechanics of combat, in that it's not really dynamic.  You drive in circles to make the AI lazily track you while whittling away at their health bar and they whittle away at yours.  Between that, you play Euro Truck Simulator and drive from point A to point B in a lifeless environment.It's a thumbs-up mainly due to the charm that is there - it just sort of plops you in and says go have fun.  The voice acting is so bad it's okay, and it doesn't do much of any hand holding in terms of ""here's what to buy / upgrade"".  I could see the appeal in it, but ultimately not for me.  It's cute, but I wouldn't pay 8 bucks for it."
,Recommended,285500,10258753,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Alice,"I think this is the most Russian game I own. Which should also sum up everything about this game. It's great, and Russian."
,Recommended,285500,10260014,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Liquidsnakehpks-joa,"This game is worth buying , a good open world kinda rpg just instead of walking and horses here you are in a truck doing everything you do in a open world rpg.Tons of main quests , side quests to do. You even get choices that will decide your friends and foes in the game.Tons of stuff to upgrade your truck with as you go to different parts of the game buying other trucks is possible too. The game has a extensive Trade system where you can make a lot of profit if done right.The only issue i had was that the game wont start up , the only fix for it is to delete all the video files in the video folder and the game runs great after that.Its a addictive game you can drive over anywhere you want and take your own path , hard to stop playing.Very happy with the experience.ps: like others have mentioned in one line it's ""Falllout 3 on wheels"" :D"
76561198020730954,Recommended,285500,9685236,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,CapitanJ,"Awful dialogue, bizarre masked characters, terrible graphics...But.Amazing gameplay, fun open world, and you're in a Big truck shooting mad max style bandits. This game is great value for what it cost. Hopefully more people will buy this game and the studio can get a chance to develop their skills and expand this game into a far better sequel."
76561198133615291,Recommended,285500,9873323,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,JaimeCosta,Great game! It's very cool upgrading your truck as you progress through the story.
,Recommended,285500,10610853,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ironhead,"Of the two Hard Truck games, this is the better of the two in several ways. But in others, it isn't. I wish I could do a ""meh"" because for $1.50, it's not bad.Pros:Trucks with gunsSomewhat open world, but you still have a story lineControls are easy to use. Driving and aiming are done with the keyboard and mouse just like all your other FPS games so nothing goofy there.Customizeable truck bodies and lots of different weapons.Trucks looks cool and the animation is solidCons:Voice acting. Ick. Sounds translated and not always that well. Also, voice inflection doesn't match the situation. For example: Father dies and the guy says ""No"" like he's ordering a sandwich.Color schemes for customizing your truck is limited to a solid color.People animations are weirdResolutions are limited to only a few non-wide screen options"
76561197982855137,Recommended,285500,9632525,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Gryzzli,"This game is fun, it's like a mix of Freelancer (that space sim by Microsoft) and the Fallout games; it has vehicular combat and trading like Freelancer does, but is set in a post-nuke-apoc like the Fallout games. The only things I would warn people about are the cheesy dialog and voice acting and the fact that trying to get it to work on Windows 7 is (at the moment, hopefully they fix it) a hairpuller; I've heard people have managed it but it required a lot of work and not everyone has the same success with the same fixes. But I have a Windows XP machine and it works like a breeze; the graphics look a bit like Gothic 2, so not the best but hey there aren't too many vehicle combat post-nuke-apoc trading games out there."
,Recommended,285500,27990940,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Abats,"Nice game to play with.Not much story,  but role play atmosphere is steady.Not a lot of music and best option is to disable music at all, its too repetitive.Origins of this game is from the Russians, so be ready for a bit of bugs and mistakes in dialogues.But nothing so bad that which could not fix with help of Community Guides.Main goals in game is get a lot of gold, upgrade your truck and defeat  enemies...As a result, stronger enemies drop better items that can sell higher, so you can upgrade your truck and buy better weapons.Yea, this simple mechanism makes a game little exciting.  It can been called - grinding  :)Grinding to try out fairly wide of weapons and gadgets.Thou, many games of that time introduced similar mechanism.Still, there is quite large maps, and sometimes quests can drive you away to the other edge of the map.And you are driving with your slow truck on the road and think to find out some shortcut in wilderness.But I recommend this game not only to postapocalypse genre fans, but anyone who like simple rpg experience together with racing and shooting.And wait for sale, I got mine only for 0,79€"
,Recommended,285500,23933283,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,xxChrisxBossxx,Game seems alright its Fallout with cars really. When I first started the game up it was just a back screen I was going to request a refund but I had a look and a guide before doing so. There was one to fix the black screen and luckily I did not need to refund even though the game was only 55p as I got it on the summer sale. I am enjoying the game so far there are a few bugs like when you roam and want to pick up a enemy item by pressing T on the keyboard it sometimes does not work along with opening the map etc. It works after you enter a town luckily the horn key H still works. Would I recommend it yes as it is still a fun game overall and if you can catch it for 55p in the sales then go for it.
76561198037419382,Recommended,285500,25209174,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hot Steel,"First, the black screen glitch was as easy as typing ""0"" in the config file.  No problems since.  Fun game, drive around, do missions, and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Oh, and sweet jumps too.  Like Twisted Metal, but with a storyline and quests.  Making certain choices early will completely alter the storyline.  My only complaint is no auto save feature, so save often!"
76561198041101788,Recommended,285500,25173221,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,A88mph,"I only reccomend this game if you know how to get the game to load your save files, because, for some reason, it's a task easier said then done for windows 7 and up.Check the game disscussions here on Steam and you'll quickly see what I mean."
,Recommended,285500,32832198,Posted: 26 June,all,蛍Firefly,It's all fun and games until you run into a tree at 150+km/h and instantly destroy your end-game 3000 HP tank.
,Recommended,285500,18977125,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Voltron,I like this game.   It isn't a fast paced game but you do have to learn to maneuver your vehicle or you will just get thrashed.   This is a game you can drink while playing and still be fine.   I lost my physical copy and found it on sale for a couple of dollars and couldn't pass it up.
76561198102269834,Recommended,285500,20636981,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"Poeple, this game has really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, voice acting but this is suprisingly fun! the driving and combat is so simple and funand on top of all... its only a buck! This game is a no brainer!!!"
76561198078529753,Recommended,285500,18347927,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Dyxce,"To be honest, this is the first legitimate review I've ever written, but I need to just say this; All the negative comments are mostly right, but they make it sound way worse than it actually is. Sure, the graphics are 2004-ish, but it's not really that bad. Graphic quality doesn't bother me, I'm more of a gameplay person. That's why I prefer having a fast game and poor graphics than a beautiful game with 5 FPS. I don't have the best computer myself, but it's not the worst. You can pretty much play this on your toaster if you wanted. The game isn't an American game, so some of the translations are a bit... funky. And the graphics are what can be improved on the most.If you like vehicle based combat, get this game.If you like RPGs, get this game.If you like open world games, get this game.If you like all three, There is no reason NOT to get this game.I'd rate it 8.5/10, just because of the graphics."
,Recommended,285500,27934645,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RariPony,This game is the best fallout on wheels!
76561197998528153,Recommended,285500,31070402,Posted: 10 April,all,The Honeybadger,"I get truck from Papa. This is good. I am Russian Honeybadger. I adventure. I destroy things. I am moving potatoes. I bring things to town. This is good. Sometime, I change my vehicle some. When I can afford. Yes, this is the way of new Russian/American life. In this game. Where everyone wears masks. The bad english only adds to the charm. For you see, I am Russian Honeybadger."
76561197971825130,Recommended,285500,10264446,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"Heh, this may be the best $2 I've ever spent. It's a trading game (as in buy low in town A, drive to town B to sell high) with vehicular combat. Don't expect anything to make sense, but you'll enjoy the ride none the less :o)Note: I had to change some config.cfg options for it to work right on my win 7 box (resolution / intro movie). The intro movie didn't play, so the screen stayed black until I hit Esc to skip it."
76561198012179399,Recommended,285500,10271697,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sgt.Slaughter,"Been playing for hours....Great game, simple and easy user interface. This game will have a lot of potential if they can go full stream with it. Hopefully it want get lost in business. Perks to the developers. I have to admit I was very surprised at the amount of in game content."
,Recommended,285500,17626749,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Pinehead FeuerSeife,"Alrighty then lets set up a Review to this.So HTA / Exmachina is a Russian made game where you drive trucks , shoot stuff , customize your truck to your needs and explore the waste.The game overall is pretty nice . As if played this game when i was a kid. I loved it back then but it had massive problems which brings me too two negative points or lets say . This game got two main problem which one of them can be fixed and the other too.. i suppose.The first problem is the engine and this game engine is..... a stone is more stable and runs better . Not saying the game cant reach 60Fps and run smooth. No the game crashes sometimes and has no autosave option. The overall options like Resolution / Graphics / Sound . They sometimes wont save and you have to edit them manual.And now for the second problem.There is a Windows 7 patch which sound awesome right? Well not quite its russian only. I managed to install the patch without problems but i spend houers in google translating the text in the insturctions . Quite the time... did the job... i hope.Ohhh and there is suprisingly a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of mods for the game.Im not the type of dude for verdicts but yeh.""Its a good way to waste time ""Thats all waht im gonna say about HTA / Ex MachinaThanks for reading."
76561198075128190,Recommended,285500,19258665,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Major Jackwagon,"A game so bad its good. The graphics show their age and the gun play is ok. The trading system is laughably simple, and the physics engine and A.I are awful. It crashes fairly often and has no autosave. The voiceovers are on par with a new soap opera actor. THAT SAID. The game is still fairly fun, just don't take this game seriously. The roof is on fire."
,Recommended,285500,9675256,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Thieme,"If you have the power to look past it's many flaws, crappy voice acting, crappy dialog and the fact that it doesn't work on windows 7 or above ""out of the box"", then it is a fun game like one of a kind in it's genre.I mean who doesn't want to drive a big hulking truck with different powerfull weapons on it."
,Recommended,285500,9699669,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Tormund Giantsbane,HTA is one of those games that's excellent when you have nothing else to play. Great way to waste time between classes.
,Recommended,285500,9631485,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tone Katano,"This game is a fun arcade game for sure, it's like madmax the game, but you play as a trader, it is a really fun game, there are mods, but not as many as there should be. For a game released in 2005, this is a very pretty, well made game, I sure enjoy it."
,Recommended,285500,9759815,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,⎠Zushikatetomoto⎝☢ ☠ ☢,Works for me on Windows 7 64bit just the resolution has to be set by you by editing a file 1920x1080 more on how to is on the steam forums . No lag and No problems.
,Recommended,285500,13118472,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,djkaball,"Great way to kill time, Recommended."
,Not Recommended,285500,11745719,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,RockstarCRO,"I have mixed emotions about this one. Just going to quickly say if you are about the graphics I suggest looking over this one. If however you do like gameplay and a RPG type thing with a truck, then heck this game is for you.The game definitely starts out a bit slow, and the traveling can seem endless. Over time though it gets better the more money you get and can customize your vehicle. There are factions within the game you can fight or make friends with, which of course comes with trade. Weapons are interesting as some provide a different scheme than others. Some weapons can fire no matter what direction you are pointing while some have limited range.One thing I found sort of interesting is if you press C (I think it was), a camera drops from the vehicle your driving and stays like a land mine. This camera angle helps to shoot an opponent while remaining stable. Although you cant always see your truck, this sort of gives a bit of freedoms driving around (given you can see your truck which way your shooting).It's a interesting game and would recommend buying it on sale if your looking for something different. I also wasn't a big fan of the voice acting.If you're looking for a ground breaking game I suggest you keep going.6.9/10"
,Recommended,285500,10434445,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Nakey,"for what i payed its a great game. played it for a few hours and enjoyed it.now, if my save games loaded i'd be able to continue enjoying it."
76561198107663555,Recommended,285500,10316270,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,NO.17,nice game
76561198053834375,Recommended,285500,10273077,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Poortjemok,"I played this game when I was a kid and I loved it!And i still do, if you want fallout with trucks this is the game for you. (the game crashes very quickly so be aware of that)would rate a 9.2 out of 10"
76561197989507416,Recommended,285500,10347420,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,AzDoom,"This game is great in the fact that it's really old school but looks great once you've altered the cfg file, and the story and interactions are funny as Hell. It's just a crappy Russian game that is loaded with real character and an open world. It's like Mad Max and reminds me of the QOTSA video clip, ""Go With The Flow"". Hhahaha.One problem I haven't worked out is how to quit the game though. But I did save it.Hehehe."
76561198000360543,Recommended,285500,10773558,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thepronto,This is 32 bit but a great little game  that I hope to see improvments on to make it more playable and replayable! Worth the purchace price if you enjoy top down game with upgradable trucks and bandit fodder! I had a blast when it was working for me and look forward to being able to play it again.
,Not Recommended,285500,10316178,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,CrashFu,"Look, if you say combat-driving-rpg I am THERE, but if you have Windows 7 (or presumably above) this game is going to fight you at every step.  Particularly, it's impossible to leave the first area of the game, it crashes on the level transition 100% of the time.  There are supposed workarounds but none of them have solved the problem for me, so I'm just through with it altogether.Besides... the actual driving physics aren't fun at all.  You feel like you're just sliding along the ground rather than actually driving."
,Not Recommended,285500,29263735,Posted: 14 January,all,Krydoza,"I started out recommending this game, then I got to the end and decided to take it away.  The story isn't all that great from the beginning, and the translation is AWFUL, but I was willing to look past that and just enjoy the game for a Car Wars game that it was at heart.  By the time I reached the middle of the story, they toss in a completely disposable story arc into the game to add an additional few hours of gameplay.  Then, when you finally get to the end, instead of tying up loose ends and a decent conclusion, they force you into a one-on-one fight that ends with a scrolling text ending.  WORST ENDING EVER...  OF ALL TIME!= = = = = =Hard Truck/Ex Machina can be described as Mad Max/Car Wars meets Privateer in a devastated Europe.  Hop into a armed and armoured truck and track down the mystery of your past and the world around you.The game starts out where you play merchant and deliver commodities (potatoes, wood, scrap, etc) between towns/villages to earn enough money to repair, fuel, and upgrade your vehicle, while you go from quest point to quest point.  Then things ramp up and you change over to hauling in weapons and commodities salvaged from anyone who attacks you so you can upgrade your weapons and vehicle to survive while moving from quest point to quest point.Play mercenary and destroy outlaws that roam the maps targeting you and other drivers.  Then pick up their loot and sell it to the nearest shop.  Other drivers will help if they stumble onto your fight, and if you are close enough to a fortified town, their turrets will also join in.Play adventurer and take jobs from strangers (mostly found at the bars) to make special deliveries, escort people, etc.What else...  Oh yeah, avenge your adoptive father's death and find out who you really are.You know, when you have the time."
76561198092667430,Recommended,285500,28798374,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Niflheim,My childhood game:)
76561197971583513,Recommended,285500,10282324,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Harry Mckay,"Ok, yes, it has bugs. Yes, you have to edit the config file to get it to work in Win 7. Yes, the graphics are dated, the voice acting is ludicrous, and the text is clearly written by people who speak English poorly, if at all.HOWEVER: It's a fun game. Whether you're just doing the main quest, the side quests, or exploring, it's a blast to play. The truck upgrade system lets you feel you're driving your own unique vehicle. And for 2 bucks (the current sale price) you do get more than you pay for."
,Not Recommended,285500,28986453,Posted: 3 January,all,cthomp415,"I really want to like this game, but its so hard to get working and keep working on any machine with a newer OS than win98. I managed to get it to run on Win10 with some effort, but it still crashes constantly. It seems like a fun premise and the potential is there, but it just doesn't seem worth all the effort you have to put in just to get it to run. Once you do get it running, you'll find the voice acting to be terrible and the plot to be pretty much non-exsistant. Vehicular combat is interesting, but again, it hardly seems worth the effort.Overall, I'd just pass this one up..."
76561198052260656,Not Recommended,285500,17887813,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,KT,"How are people giving this game good reviews??What gets Me annoyed is the countless bugs. I'm writing this review in a crap mood, so take this information with a pinch of salt. For a finished game, its boll0cks, when you load the game from a save (if it loads at all), I can't open the map or many other things. There are other bugs I've had, though in My crap mood I can't recall them.The fact of the matter is, when all is said and done, yes its cheap, but that isnt an excuse to be a bug ridden mess. Fix the bugs and this would be a decent little time killer of a game, but its been out for ages and its left up to players to do it. Who wants to support a dev that lets is players fix stuff, while knocking out a sequel. Meh!"
,Recommended,285500,22852594,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ratych,"Too many troubles to setup it for new OSs.I can't recommend it to everyone, but... - it's realy cool."
76561198035217601,Recommended,285500,10248938,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,menondav,very nice game. but bugs game keeps crashing when loading from one area to another and its a real pain.
,Recommended,285500,26043659,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dusty,when I was little I bought this that was my first real game and I loved it I was play it like crazy then I bought a new pc because my other pc was potato but I lost the cd I didnt know where is it I tried to dowload it from torrent sites but they all crashed. after few years I saw hard truck is on steam ! I bought it I was too excited but what did I see? its unstable I cant even load the saved game sometimes it crash(especially when you going other maps) so I was very upset I searched on the internet for found a way to solve this problems and I solved the problems now I can play it very well its beautiful to play it again this game is special for me
76561197970793826,Recommended,285500,17594692,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Petrograd,"This game is amazing, and anyone who didn't enjoy it is wrong.Also, please, PLEASE just patch it to a version that is Windows 7+ compatible. I had to download an unpacker and replacement exes from a Russian-language forum."
76561198008202033,Not Recommended,285500,20394915,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ex,"Hard Truck Apocalypse (released 2005/2006) is a game I was looking forward to playing. I expected a mash of Interstate 76 but with an open world feeling like Privateer. It delivered on these core concepts but that was all.I found myself yawning my way through the game with long arduous trips as a delivery boy instead of being wrapped in the story and combat. The dialogue needed attention although this is Russian designed game and some aspects may have been lost in translation.Pros:- Cumomisable armed trucks (trucks, cabs, trays, weapons, enhancements).- Moddable.- Reasonable music and sounds.Cons:- Very linear. Optional quests are repetative and offer no benefits other than financial.- Too much money after the half way mark. Didn't even bother to loot.- Game crashed after crossing 4-5 regions. Save often!- Long pauses between dialogue (and even then the dialogue was a chore to listen to).Other:- I have read on forums this game is difficult to run on newer operating systems although this was not the case for me (Windows 7)."
,Not Recommended,285500,19405714,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Indie-King,Игра даже не запустилась.Сейчас заметил: она сутки провисела в процессах системы.
,Recommended,285500,29741334,Posted: 6 February,all,dazileolxrd,Old but Gold <3 :D
,Recommended,285500,10263610,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tezur0,"After deleting video folder game started running for me on w7.Also I changed autoPlayVideo parameter from true to false.This game is a blaze, try it, but there might be still chance that It won't launch.P.S. no compatability was used."
,Recommended,285500,11955758,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,"fairly basic game, not too bad so far."
,Recommended,285500,11801335,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Real Cake,"Unplayable on win 7, black screen problem. For the love of god patch this game"
,Recommended,285500,11740971,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,EnerJi,Nice Game!
76561198018807824,Recommended,285500,20904247,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Randori,Seems to be a decent game for children. Far too simplistic for anyone else.
,Recommended,285500,10247638,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Mr.Gojira,"Cant say anything about the game, but i am already miffed, advertises steam trading cards but has none... WTF...First game i almost want a refund for.*Edit* Glad they got that sorted out quickly, now to farm these cards and put the game in my backlog."
,Not Recommended,285500,24093737,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Anvold,Why developers still cannot make this game work good on win7?
,Not Recommended,285500,20441909,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Centervillain,"Love the concept, but the combat is stale. with no controller support the driving isn't fun. The music is nice. Too repetitive, too rough, not enough fun."
76561198054832126,Recommended,285500,26930540,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rezenter,This game made the gamer from me.but now there are tons of problems with its launch on modern OSs and it is oldschooly full of bugs
,Recommended,285500,27811508,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pupperoni Pizza,"this game is crazy and non stop action, would recommend to friends, worth the price and gives hours of enjoyment."
76561198030892847,Not Recommended,285500,28726665,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kid_McHutt,"This game starts, shows logo, then black. It's unkillable by all task manager and don't work. Refunded.Hm. I found why - Windows XP only. Ok, sorry not to use that old OS..."
,Not Recommended,285500,17788201,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mike,"Bad graphics, terrible translations, horrible physics. Maybe things would improve if I could be bothered to play on, but 30min was enough for me."
,Not Recommended,285500,26425047,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Xaerin,"Boring, vast landscapes barely populated with any assets or life. No autosave which is not easy to get used to when you travel for 10 minutes between points of interest only get killed and have to make the arduous journey all over again.Combat is boring and just involves holding the fire button down while tracking other vehicles.Progress is very slow.The dialogue is all strangely written, probably without any proofreading and I assume not by English natives.To be fair it's 11 years old now but then again so is Brothers in Arms which I played recently and that was great fun.It has gotten me in the mood to play Mad Max though..."
,Not Recommended,285500,29289914,Posted: 15 January,all,speedglass,"needs patched, can't play in this condition, shouldnt be sold in this state."
,Recommended,285500,11873883,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Sperzieb00n,"Horrible title, poor voice acting, and numerous bugs hide a surprisingly underrated game.i have been playing this on windows XP a long time ago but when i switched to windows 7, the game would be missing things ingame, or not work at all.so, what did i do to get it to work on win7?1. unpack the packed gamedatathis appears to fix a lot of loading problems, and made me discover this game actually had weather and a skybox. this process is normally a part of loading but breaks down on many win7 machines.http://steamcommunity.com/app/286810/discussions/0/540736319869969103/?l=dutch2. modify the main configuration filethis handy little tool allows you to correctly adjust the game resolution for any screen, and can turn off video's that might chrash the game if you have x64.http://www.techpowerup.com/forums/threads/hard-truck-apocalypse-config-editor.201894/3. create a debug profilethere's a chance the ingame menus crash the next time you run HTA and load your last save.Every time HTA starts fresh and before you load a game, start a new game on an empty profile, skip the cutscene andquit to the main menu after the game asks you if you need hints, this appearing of the hints dialog seems to fix this issue until you shut the game down.4. compatibility modeI tend to use the ""vista"" mode, but my experience is that it only somehow helps the first time you need to pass a loading screen,  after that the game seems to work without it until you uninstall it.another thing, SAVE OFTEN and don't be afraid to use console commands when the game breaks you! (example: game physics suddenly decide to hold you hostage on top of a lootcrate just above the ground, bandits keep spawning and eating away your hp, game logic doesn't understand you're stuck; you rage and abandon hours of progress)this game can be very very punishing even with cheats."
76561198060686749,Not Recommended,285500,15728904,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Rejutka Lupex,"I want to like this game. The idea is nice and the music is very soothing, almost mellow.But there is no autosave unless you cross a border, and sometimes the game crashes right AT the border.It takes ages to get from A to B and at first it's almost impossible to earn enough money to upgrade your truck.Using a godmode cheat helps, but even so it takes a long time.The voice acting often is rather uninspired, the physics are quite weird, and, although this is rather positive, you can actually cross the mountains in your truck. (Saving a lot of time.)It's a nice game, and if it weren't for the crashes and an easier way to make money, it might be worth the time. But as it is, I'd rather not play it anymore, so I can't really recommend it."
76561198204792103,Not Recommended,285500,17309643,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,[RekT],it doesnt work all i recived is error!!!!! pls return my money in my steam wallet so i can purchase onother game......ASAP
76561198019383623,Not Recommended,285500,18587639,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gleaser,"PRO:trucks-weapons in one packageCON:Too slow movement, big maps of nothing50p for quest where avarage repair cost 600!after 4 hours i got only second car and nowhere to buy better componentsrealy boring storyextremly ugly models for that extreme hardware useage"
76561198260175215,Not Recommended,285500,20670752,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,point5lightspeed3,"I honestly wanted to like this game.  But, between the lack of ANY post-apoctalyptic feeling to the game, poor mechanics, and stupid enemies, I cannot reccomend this game.  Even as a driving sim, it sucks.  First off, the game uses kilometers.  And you are stuck at about 90 kph the whole first ""level"".  The characters are laughably poor.  I felt zero empathy during the burned village scene.  There is no reason to follow the story.  None.  The whole game feels ""clunky""  i guess is the most positive way to describe it.  And don't get me started on how weak your enemies are.  Or how OP your starting truck is.  The most annoying thing for me, personally though, is how obvious it is that the game creator's english ruins all parts of the game.  I don't know if this guy is from Romania or where ever...  But please let someone else speak for you in COHERENT english please!  Cant belive I wasted money on this.  not worth the $0.99!"
,Recommended,285500,22813828,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bob,FCKN LÅRT-10/10 - Would spend 7.99 on♥♥♥♥♥♥games again
,Recommended,285500,29980805,Posted: 17 February,all,MegaLowMan,love this game
76561197975424998,Not Recommended,285500,19508291,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TDATL,This game is bad. I took out trash instead of playing it.
76561198129919259,Not Recommended,285500,20630977,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Necrodemus,"I really wanted to like this game. And I did. It played fine for a while and it was a LOT of fun in the short time I played it. However, after I loaded my first save, some keys became unresponsive. Most importantly for me, was the Esc Key; if I can't get into the menu of a game I just bought, there is something VERY wrong. And I don't care if there was 88% off this game when I bought it... a bucket with a hole in it that cost 10c is still a bucket with a hole. And it's the principle of the thing.There are threads on the forums here with all kinds of ""Magical"" solutions... none worked for me. Here is a solution I would like to see... I buy a game on Steam... and it works! Is that too hard to ask these days? This is an old game, true, but should that be an excuse for basic core elements not functioning... like keys?I'm really torn about this, because again, I enjoyed what I played of it, and it has quite a bit of depth to it. I can't play on though with unresponsive keys. This game, and many, many more like it should be checked before they are uploaded by developers to Steam.I ask the developers, if you read this, can you please fix these issues. This game will see much better sales, if people like me, are not forced to come in here and write a negative review about a game they actually liked."
76561198160722338,Not Recommended,285500,28832859,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theonlydave83,Not a good game.  It might have been good back in the day though.
,Recommended,285500,33434355,Posted: 10 July,all,ProGamer542,Thsi game is Old but Cool you need to buy it.
76561198052863238,Not Recommended,285500,10386759,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dr. Doktor Atom,"Unfortunatly, I can't get the res beyond 1024 without crashing and everytime I try to travel to another location the game crashes. In summary: unplayable on Win7 @ Geforce GTX 770."
76561197973032548,Not Recommended,285500,10248865,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,IpNeko,vista q6600 4gig ram 7770 ati card and all that hapens at launch is a ding then nothing
76561197969877346,Not Recommended,285500,10736885,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Acksis,Painfully bad dialog and a sluggish feel to the action.
,Not Recommended,285500,14076702,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Courier Pretzel,"Was genuinly enjoying this game, despite the medioce at best voice acting and graphics. UNTIL it died and would NOT reload.  Seriously, every time I'd try to load my save it crashed. And at different times of the loading process. A few times the app crashed while just the game loading. Meh. I was enjoying it too :-(. All that said. The story isn't horrid, but most certainly ""D"" grade.  The controls aren't bad though.  In all honestly I DO want to play more. but 1.2 hours in and the game becomes completely unplayable for no apparent reason is all I need to know to give up and play one of the 600 other games I have on Steam I haven't gotten to yet :-). Still, if you see it on sale for like 2-3 bucks, maybe you will have better luck with it."
76561198030252479,Not Recommended,285500,16769800,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ORK,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!Critical bug where you cannot load your save games without extensive modding/patching (the patch instructions are in Russian)The bug has existed for years, Devs won't fix it, and STEAM very sadly still takes your money for a broken game."
,Recommended,285500,19496634,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tehhijack,"Pretty fun game even though it gets boring quick, there is just something about this game that attracts me."
76561198144141533,Not Recommended,285500,19608171,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Focus369,"This game is so close to being fantastic, after over 19 hours of playtime I have come across in impassable mission, the mission requires me to go into a bar and talk to somebody, unfortunatly, as I was exiting another town centre I was autodriven into another truck, this means I am now at war with that settlement and of course, I now cant go into it at all, I have driven around every settlment in the game looking for something that allows me to alli them but but there is nothing, I am now completely stuck with no save file to go back to, if anyone knows how to become friends with a town again please tell me! Cant fold the game though on its content and design, its great fun!! :/"
76561197969646309,Not Recommended,285500,16025332,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Darkomni,"I really wanted to like this game. I love post apocalypse games.This game has potential, but it is beta version at best. I know that it say's it finished, but it rally isn't.It has so many game crashes that it is just unplayable. Even in it's unfinished state I liked it, so it is with sadness that I can't play it from all the errors. With a finished game, I should not have to go online to figure out how to boot up, start a new, or go to a new map without the game crashing.As for why I say it is unfinished, it has no background noise other than music and weapon fire.The driving AI is bad, it is like the got it mostly there, ie can get from point A to B but can't follow the roads, then quit.They use invisible walls for some terrain and the proper slope for others to make hills impassable.Other small things, it was just like hay it sort of works, lets quit.I do like the idea and hope someone in the future will make a working version of this game.I know I would buy it.Not from Targem Games or the publisher Buka Entertainment of course, since this is what they consider a finished product."
,Not Recommended,285500,19375960,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Clarkson the Otter,"It was fun at first, but then frames hit the floor and can't get to motherland without the game crashing. it's unplayable"
,Recommended,285500,31164378,Posted: 15 April,all,JustDelay,Good old times <3
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,285500,26757913,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,bricmpt,I like the ideas and the theme.  Perhaps the story is okay.  I will never know.  Can't reccomend.Pros-  Still art and menus look good.-  Truck battles!Cons-  English errors scattered all over horrible dialogue.-  First vehicle runs at about 25mph to scale.  Snooze.-  Opponent took 300 rounds to kill.  Is this a BB gun?Verdict;  Nope.  Needed more work and playtesting.  Hope your next projects go well.
76561198048761073,Not Recommended,285500,34758723,Posted: 5 September,all,Modlio,Game's broken...
76561198073394958,Not Recommended,285500,10256582,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,alamandias,"DON'T BUY IT!! IT DOES NOT RUN!! uneless you can read russian. there is apparently a patch on the developers website, but they haven't provided it in english so you can find it. A waste of time and money and killed my trust in steam."
,Not Recommended,285500,10254785,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Skyblade,"Just bought the game...As it is said to be working on XP/Vista/7/8BUT IT'S A LIE !!!I did go on the forums... There is no real support... The game would not launch unless you do modify files by yourself... And still it won't launch!If you pay for a game, at least it should be done correctly, or be advising it was NOT MADE for version after XP !!!!"
,Not Recommended,285500,10374463,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,9kfreemen,"I loved the idea of a Car Wars / Mad Max style game - and from what I could play, I loved this game.  But I have a three-year old Alienware laptop, and HTA is unplayable on my machine.  Yes, I have paid attention to forums, gone into the config files and switched screen resolutions, deleted video files - done most everything I could.  But I can not even start the game without fiddling with the Screen resolution each and every time, and I have only been able to go into a new area without the game crashing during the loading screen.  Perhaps I'm the only one who has issues with this game (but by the forums, I'm guessing I'm not) and I absolutely love Insane 2 (also by Targem), but I would not recommend this until we get a patch for newer machines."
76561198027940983,Not Recommended,285500,9570347,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Sharky,"This game has that ""special something"" but it is seriously bugged. Im to old to spend my hard earned money on games that crashes all the time!!! I recommed that Targem Games makes some thorough beta-testing before releasing a product in the future. For now: Patch this $hit up cuz Im NOT paying for your game just to end up feeling like a beta tester.DON'T BUY THIS GAME (yet)."
,Not Recommended,285500,11355667,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,M32James,not recommended!!!
76561198130347631,Not Recommended,285500,10482855,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Timo138,doesn't work
76561198142964717,Not Recommended,285500,11698179,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,myfordmyway,"Great game for 5 min then freezes and will not run on windows 7. no patch and no sign of dev trying to fix it. Do not buy if you have windows 7!!!!!!!!!! Can start a new game every time but saves will not load and when tring to go into a differnt district, game freezes."
76561198023687979,Not Recommended,285500,16325064,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Question Mark,"This game is terrible...The graphics are bad, and the translation is half-hearted. I'd be willing to overlook the aesthetic shortcomings if the in-game mechanics and gameplay warranted a better review, but the entire product feels like a botched, 2nd rate release from 1997."
76561197998675495,Not Recommended,285500,11384854,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Legend00 |GGA| |gdls|,"It sounds like an interesting idea.But the game itself is dated and ugly and the voice acting and dialogue is pretty bad.Most importantly, it constantly crashes on me when trying to navigate to the next region.  Which makes it barely worthy of a demo.  So I wouldn't know about any depth to the game."
76561197982193249,Not Recommended,285500,10291347,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,|MW|TIBA666 丹麥人,if you using win 7 remember to do this before you can playRemove the video from this folder Steam \ SteamApps \ common \ Hard Truck Apocalypse \ data \ video and restart the game.
76561198070798979,Not Recommended,285500,29177817,Posted: 10 January,all,DefConHeavy,keep finding new way to screw my self in this game....lol
,Not Recommended,285500,18962244,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,King Anger IX,"First off, you will need to turn off videos in settings if you run on NT 6.xSecond, on Windows 10 you need Threshold 2 (10586) to run the game.As for review itself, the HUD is morbid. For a person with disabilities like me, the minimap should be on BOTTOM LEFT and occupy about 400x400 pixels."
76561198034272880,Not Recommended,285500,25974824,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,tdiem,"Doesn't work in Win10 64bits. Tried several fixes, but still crashes before starts."
76561198064091801,Not Recommended,285500,10350966,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Captain Karrett,DOES NOT WORK ON WINDOWS 7I AM SICK OF STEAM SELLING GAMES THAT DOES NOT WORKPATCH THE GAME AND THEN SELL IT!I WANT TO PLAY THE GAME!   NOT WRITE CODE!!
,Not Recommended,285500,10248537,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Keeper Of Monsters,"It's hard to say if the game is good or bad if it simply doesn't run. I was waiting for it to load, looking at black screen for a few minutes, and then realised that it will not work.  But Steam says that I'm in-game - ok, at least I will get cards... Nope, they aren't there... Try to turn it off - ha! Steam still ""see"" me as in-game. I had to restart computer to fix it.So  all in all - don't waste your money and your nerves on that one, save for something that would be worth it.P.S. Now actually game drops cards, so if you are collecting them - game might be worth buying it on sale. As for everything else - I stand by my opinion. Second attempt  to run it didn't change anything..."
76561198069326614,Not Recommended,285500,10259298,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Orwell,All i get is a black screen!
76561198085045333,Not Recommended,285500,10269812,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Esophagone,I've tried to delete the files that were making the game stick between loading pages but they weren't anywhere in the game files. The game has worked for me only once and I had to load it from the hta.exe in the program files under this game.
,Not Recommended,285500,11694717,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Staggy_1988,Do not buy says it works with windows 7 but as you can see by the forums this game is unplayable and should either be fixed or removed from steam
76561198198892301,Not Recommended,285500,31066025,Posted: 10 April,all,TheSmilingDoom,"Doesn't deserve the ""RPG""-tag. It simply isn't. The world is way too empty and it is mostly boring driving around with a very mediocre physics-engine and the occasional fight against bandits and some run-of-the-mill-quests.Voice-acting and story design are simply horrible. The scenario/idea had so much potential, but it is only a pale shadow of what I thought this game was about. Sadly..."
76561197961091775,Not Recommended,285500,10369839,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,tinhat,dont bother
76561198035637199,Not Recommended,285500,13688518,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,tornadopunk,this does not work don't buy this s h i t
76561198011383006,Not Recommended,285500,9541699,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,SixActual,Garbage.  Doesnt play on Windows 7 without MAJOR bugs and crashes
,Not Recommended,285500,11687993,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Daxxe,"This game has the potential to be a great game. I heard it was like Fallout on wheels and I loved the Fallout games.But nope. This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥refuses to start up. So ♥♥♥♥ you, developers."
,Not Recommended,285500,10826917,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NZ_Gizmo_NZ,Seems to work fine under Windows 7 if you remove the videos and don't want to go beyond the first play area.  Always gives me an unhandled exception error upon trying to go to the next area.
76561198080472097,Not Recommended,285500,13572851,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Alexdagreat,Broken
76561198151518757,Not Recommended,285500,13652762,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,dluccia327,Game keeps crashing not worth the money
,Not Recommended,285500,16472389,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tekjet,"Won't launch on Win 7/8, even after supposedly being patched. Forced a hard-reset several times."
,Not Recommended,285500,11446455,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,rexyoung,"Despite the very low Steam sale price, this game really is not worth it. It is barely functional, the graphics look like something created twenty years ago, the writing sounds like something created by either a child or Google Translate, and an utter lack of fun gives the Player no reason to play it. It looks and feels like a student project, not something that people should be charged for playing. Save your money. Do not buy this."
76561198041484675,Not Recommended,285500,26310438,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ana1beadqween,terrible
,Not Recommended,285500,24631352,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CJ HUNTER,Application errors with Unhandled Exception when I try to start a new game.
,Not Recommended,285500,13313385,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,max.boognish,"I haven't reviewed a game yet, but here is my first. I tried to load it, 4 times, crashing my computer every time before it finally loaded! Then...the very first thing I noticed is how they insisted on sharing with me that a baddly animated dung beetle could move a sphere, thank you, try to bring your graphis out of the early 90's instead of focusing on sphere physices. Then they proceeded to vaguely explain the story but putting emphasis on that everyone wears magic masks that save them from the bad atmosphere, when it is just a rationalization for not bothering to properly animate speaking or give any kind of quality to face construction or color. But all that aside I gave up playing because the voice acting was so flat and terrible, every line is said with such a unique ""Why am I saying this"" quality. Its as if the voice actors were just paid to say the lines and not to act... If the graphics were 10 more years advanced and the voice acting up to subpar levels, I could recommend the game for its mechanics and playability, but then they would have to also work on the UI which is vague again and without explanations or tool tips to assist you (despite the game asking if you want tool tips on, all they give you is a screen where they explain everything in nausiating detail while throwing all the information at you at once the giving no information when you are actually at the choices you have to make)tl;dr bad graphics, bad voice, bad ui, ok gamelpay. 1/4"
76561198051850215,Not Recommended,285500,22290024,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SilverDiamond,"A game is something that at least can be launched. I tried several times, and all I got was a black screen. Not even gonna try to fix. If the game just sjows you a black screen and then freezes, it's not a game, it's a waste of hard disc space. Unless devs fix it, do not even touch this game."
,Not Recommended,285500,29636659,Posted: 1 February,all,Aunt Jemima,Does not work just a black screen loads thats is all.
,Not Recommended,285500,31130021,Posted: 13 April,all,NiksXV,I learned something new - Exmachina is a bag!
,Not Recommended,285500,13280688,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,huxleythecat,"I would like to review this game but I cannot as I have never played it, I've tried to several times, in total it crashed my computer for 186 hours! :)"
,Not Recommended,285500,9702694,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,DerpFaceCake,ARE YOU KIDDING ME A 80% CHANCE TO CRASH ON MY COMPUTER IF THE CRASH REPORTS WERE A REAL PERSON ID KILL IT AS MAYBE THE SOURCE IS THE FREAKIN WARNING THAT STOP MY GAME FROM LOADING I MIGHT HAVE ANOTHER GO IF THEY FIX THE BUG BUT ANOTHER DAY OF RAGING AND I QUIT
,Recommended,285500,9489072,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,lang032004,经典的卡车RPG游戏，唯美的画风与景观，优雅的适景的背景音乐。虽然剧情还不够多，bug也不少，一直都未见有好的续作。但可见制作组下了很大的功夫来描绘末世的世界观。值得收藏。
76561197971171423,Not Recommended,285500,9574872,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,jesper,"Steam is really letting bad games get through these days. Does not even run on windows 7 unless you delete the SteamApps\common\Hard Truck Apocalypse\data\video folder. 2005'ish graphics. Great concept though. I played a lot of carwars the boardgame in the old days, and interstate 76 on the PC years ago. Really would like a remake of that game!"
76561198057352474,Not Recommended,285500,9498080,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,tbenci,Why do we let these people put content up and we pay for and can never get working.I have a completely standard I7 with Win 8 64 bit on it. The game just doesn't run. Then they start with a whole lot of rubbish about changing config files (which I did to no avail) and some indepth downloading of installers and issuing command line parameters etc.This is 2014... it should just work
76561197999254186,Not Recommended,285500,9612995,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,atrusmmiii,"If you are using Windows Vista or 7 do not buy. Game will not run, or is not stable on those OS. Could have had a lot of fun with this one but I can't."
,Not Recommended,285500,34329075,Posted: 18 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Driving & RacingAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Dated repetitive simple car combat game with grindGeneric Mad Max setting, fetch quests, fairly easy vehicle combat that unfolds like an oversimplified third person shooter. Does not support modern resolutions. Voice acting is cringe. Most maps just open barren plains with a road plopped down it. The idea to loot stuff and being able to sell it was okay. The idea to add an inventory screen, cargo and town screens was good. Xbox360 pad was not detected and working out of the box"
76561197993462458,Not Recommended,285500,25262765,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rhythm,"I wanted to like this game, but alas."
,Not Recommended,285500,23192898,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Neometalero,this version of the game just dont work. it only freeze on menu and screw the screen resolution
76561198047541636,Not Recommended,285500,23177533,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,F.E. Calmatter,Buggy. Couldn't turn it off last time I played. Poxy.
76561198102018441,Recommended,285500,9505915,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,liam.tea,does not work
,Recommended,285500,9495569,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),Good game! Highly recommended!
,Not Recommended,285500,31158940,Posted: 15 April,all,Zombie_WeeD,"ok so before i say anything else this game is locked in 4:3 resolution, second if you do want to play in a 16x9 you have to edit a config file to force the resolution but when doing so its going to strech some textures improperly and smush other textures improperly.  now as this is a deal breaker for me that is about all i can say except that the talking feels wrong you can realy feel the rusian translation happening in how they talk, aslo to mention carecter mouths dont move when they talk.  after experienceing these 3 disapointments i decided this game is worth 0 stars no thumbs up and a big dont wasnt your money stamp of disaproval."
,Not Recommended,285500,23033099,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,D0idStr1k,"It's a game from 2005 but it feels like it's a game out of the 90s. Sluggish, wonky controls and just struggles to work."
76561198027338883,Not Recommended,285500,23162596,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Slave Master,Game just crashes after loading a mission
76561198051949360,Not Recommended,285500,9945127,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,MrOkieDokie,This game is Not Great. Worth: 1.99 if on phones or tablets.
,Not Recommended,285500,9581532,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Sir_w0w,не запускаются все части
76561198037079441,Not Recommended,285500,9501500,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sjohnsr,"Game simply doesn't work on my Windows 8, I7 PC - tried all the fixes in the forums - I.E. deleted video folders, changed the compatability settings - nothing worked.  Seems I'm not the only person.  I don't think Steam should be selling games that just don't work on modern machines."
,Not Recommended,285500,9504350,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,warmonger711,"Buggy, level will crash beyond first level"
76561197964930437,Not Recommended,285500,32367481,Posted: 12 June,all,Bowerick Wowbagger,This is an 10+ years old game and it wasn´t good to beginn with. There is pretty much no redeeming feature to this game nowadays.  Just pass up on this. Its barely worth playing for free.
76561198081224114,Recommended,285500,20649123,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,alemismun,5.1/10Just add a workshop to have more cars and weapons
,Not Recommended,285500,18722319,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,O[M]GITSRAF,Does not work.
76561198051306254,Recommended,285500,26303634,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nova773,"DO NOT USE IN-GAME ANISOTROPIC FILTERING, OR U WILL GET UNHANDLED EXCEPTIONS.ONLY USE TRILINEAR FILTERINGForce Anisotropic Filtering in the driver settings of ur graphics card.once you set it up as above, it runs fine.i can play for hours. great physics. great combat. amazing areas to explore. good customizing.i run it on low graphics settings and it still looks great (less glitching when enemies arrive).climbing insane mountains is hours of endless fun, or you can take the roads and go for ""speed"".trucks have a nice heavy feel. hitting the wrong objects at speed can hurt. a poor landing after too much air can hurt. but if you finesse it, and keep your tires hitting the ground instead of your fenders, you can find 6 wheel bliss. the turbo is great for climbing, btw.explosions are very satisfying as well.a steal at 95 cents (once you set up your Anisotropic Filtering as above)."
,Recommended,285500,26488774,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ttuhooja,for a game that is 11 years old this is one fun game :D  sure there are lots of bugs in it but then again there are tons of bugs in games made in 2016 that were made by big gaming companies who should by now know how to do better work than this company did in 2005 ... i personally enjoy this game and can also say that it is not for every one but then again what game really is ? (nothing is so do not come trolling)
,Recommended,285500,23565569,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,AlexM58,"A very beautifull game but I have a lot of crash problems at launching the game,if someone can help me please tell!!!sry for bad english"
,Recommended,285500,28227647,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HuBaHuBa,Best childhood game ever9/10
,Recommended,285500,29601288,Posted: 31 January,all,bloodwolf696,"once you can get it running its actually a fun little gem. i like it, infact i would love to see another game or two like this. it has a lot of potential for todays games. mind you the game is from 2005. the developers didn't go too deep into the RPG aspect but put it right where it needs to be. what i mean by that is, you worry about upgrading your vehical, reparing it, keep a decent tank of gas, and rounds of ammo. its not too confusing but not too unrealistic. the story is okay, along with the combat. over all i like it. its a gem that i picked up because it was on sale and i can gladly say, once you manage to get passed the the inital start up issue, it is a good game to play."
,Recommended,285500,33465256,Posted: 11 July,all,Sp0okS!de,"Man i love this game! sadly my computer cant run it anymore due to its old age and it cant run on my high end computer. but picture Fallout but with trucks, thats what this is pretty much. i really want to see a new or remake of this title to play once again!"
76561197986809344,Recommended,285500,33284566,Posted: 5 July,all,adhd_in_adults,"best .79 cents i have ever spent lol, was on sale, great little game. HA dont remember to save tho or you lose all progress meh."
,Recommended,285500,34947972,Posted: 14 September,all,XXSefa,"Ahh this game, when computers wasnt that good , when there wasnt any game with good graphicsHard truck was the first game that had this sick graphics for its time, the story is very good and i like how our moves changes the ending as well, and not gonna lie i played this game many times and i am still having trouble playing at *İmpossible setting* because Bots sure dont show you merch, i wish creators of this game should give a second chance and re-make this game!!! because its Hard Truck :)"
76561198115260864,Recommended,285500,34806306,Posted: 7 September,all,scumbeggar,"(+)•	vehicle design and variety of parts, especially for vehicle types 3–5•	machineguns, flak cannons, lasers, plasma casters, and even artillery systems•	engine and weapon upgrades•	2 main paths and 2 endings (2,5 considering the visit to *spoiler*)•	minor choices: assault or protect, chase or bribe, join the tyrant or the uprising•	economical system: always just enough cash to buy the next vehicle with grind (bandit hunting) only being inevitable on last two difficulty settings•	supply and demand: sell enough common goods and price difference will stop paying off•	decent multi-instrumental soundtrack•	pop culture references (mostly cut out in English version)•	reusable quick-save slots x5•	a special key bind to un-stuck the vehicle (works in most cases)(–)•	balance: with energy weapons installed, enemy vehicles immediately become way too strong for any difficulty above ""Normal""•	not fully fixed MQ bug in the desert; refrain from buying new vehicle until done with the 2nd city or get stuck forever•	AI navigation bugs: vehicles to be followed tend to mow down all fences•	barren lands (forgivable – the game is old)•	almost all side quests are fetch/kill type; one repeated quest's reward is stuck at measly 413 gold (with bandit hunt paying up to 2M per run by the end)•	some trucks are too ""jumpy"" for their supposed weight (Milk Truck especially)•	very limited number of color schemes (though camos look good)•	voiceover: original voices aren't much better, but English version is completely lackluster•	multiple typos in Russian and English versions•	extra bugs in Steam version: black screen on loading (disable intro) and half-lost keyboard (die once per game launch to fix)"
