user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,285960,11131768,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Genkisan,"A great classic revisitedI used to love playing the original in the Arcades way back.I know that makes me old as hell. xDAnyway, you get 2 games here. The original Arcade version with the cabinet design and the new remake Rebooted version.Both are great and easy to get used to.The game works fine with the Keyboard and mouse and also with a 360 controller.So what's new here?Pros:The Rebooted version offers updated graphics with new level design and new challenges and Steam achievements.You can unlock new characters, each cost a certain amount of gems that you can find throughout the game.Cons:The repetitive soundtrack in the Rebooted version, hearing it over and over in each level. It would have been nice for a variety of soundtracks. And as far as I see there are no audio options to raise and lower the in-game music volume so you can't play your own background music. :(But still for $5 USD, you can't go wrong. It's a great game and an awesome classic. :D"
,Not Recommended,285960,11143659,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Angry Canadian Gamer,"As a gamer who was around to play this game when it first hit arcades in the 80's, I was expecting Q*bert Rebooted to be a fun, modern take on the original. How wrong I was.The problems begin with the classic version. Why they didn't just emulate the original ROMs when they hold the rights to the game is bewildering. Instead what we're given is a poorly programmed mess of a port that gets many things wrong. Two-thirds of the sound effects are missing. Ugg and Wrong Way are completely silent, as are Slick and Sam, who also don't revert the colours on the cubes (and sometimes change the cubes to the RIGHT colour instead). No ditty plays when you collect the green ball that freezes the board. The game sometimes continues to move enemies after you've cleared a stage. The unused discs don't score any bonus points when you clear a level, instead of the 50 bonus points x level you should get.As for the Rebooted part, it is one huge cluster as well. The hexagon pattern removes the difficulty and strategy of trying to clear the bottom corners of the level. Other than the resolution, nothing graphically stands out. The level music and the map music often play at the same time. Q*bert only has the one voice sample and it seems to play randomly instead of when he gets hit. The music is MIDI quality at best and elevator quality at worst.Steer well clear of this reboot. Not even nostalgia goggles can protect you from this crummy game."
,Recommended,285960,12309211,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Moiyo,"Brings back the old Q*bert, and the new update adds even more levels and visuals. This comes with the classic, and of course the rebooted version. If you love the Q*bert series, this will be for you."
,Not Recommended,285960,12997432,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"This PC port it suffers from serious gameplay problems.  Even the 8-bit Nintendo version had continues making it superior to the PC version, its another example of a PC port where oddly the free legal online versions using java emulating the arcade game are superior to actually buying the game.  Such a core underlying principal of game design should be PLAYING the game, somehow if you buy this your limited to playtime, this happened one of the Metal SLug games only letting you have 20 credits where the legal online free versions offer unlimited continues.Using a controller the controls feel delayed, this is a game of speed and precision like most games, but when moving somewhere it feels like the game takes a second to detect it then move the character, this results in death, which results in no fun since dying over and over due to the game being unplayable sucks.The rebooted side is interesting with a map and all that but its classic qbert, a fun game but done wrong in this PC port.  Why bother making a game if they dont want us to play it?  Such an odd idea to just crank out code because people can to make a game then forgetting people may want to play that game.  This game gives the feeling that people just knew how to put code together to make a game but had no clue how to make it playable, also visible in the sort of wonky controller support where you cant exit the game without using the mouse or keyboard, meaning it can require up to 3 peripherals to play  Qbert, why not 4 or 5 maybe VR goggles.  Keep in mind the original qbert just had a joystick, not one button, yet this game requires three peripherals, figure that math out...Worth one quarter, the arcade equivalent since that is what a person would spend before walking away from this abomination.Rating:  4/10  Value:  $0.25"
76561197998146124,Recommended,285960,12103734,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Paratech2008,"The controls have been tweaked and the game is better. There may be lag with 360 controllers, but I managed to get to level 3-2 whereas with the broken controls I couldn't get past level 1-2.It also seems to support Playstation controllers although I didn't try that option. Whether its Playstation 3 or 4 controllers I dunno.I haven't tried the 'new' version, just the arcade / retro version and it seems faithfully emulated."
,Recommended,285960,11141381,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mandelbrot1975,"Feels a bit like a mobile port but then again, it's Qbert. If you are nostalgic about 80s arcade games, you'll like it. If you want something of substance, this probably isn't your game. The controller controls are wonky (XBox 360 / One controllers are the two I've tried) and I just ended up using the keyboard but there is a bit of lag sometimes between pressing the key and QBert moving which makes later levels frustrating. With both the classic mode and a new ""rebooted"" version, it's a good time waster."
,Recommended,285960,12432781,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"The NES port of Q*Bert was my 2nd NES cartridge when I turned 3, and got my NES. I'm 29. Known Q*Bert my entire life, and wished that there were more games out with this character/gameplay model. A true classic. This port is good, the remake is fantastic for the modern age, but my only complaint is this: Fix the g****** controls! They're looser than Jenna Jameson in a threesome with a horse! lol"
,Recommended,285960,11129015,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"First impressions:(optional let’s play footage)http://youtu.be/p6C_tPbs4lQSo far, I've played until the 6th level of the rebooted version which equates to about 18 rounds or so. But I only played one round of the classic version because I suck lol.Anyway the rebooted version look's good especially in comparison to the original game. It's got some nice if repetitive happy music.You have to change the colours of all the tiles by hopping Q*bert on to them. He's supposed to have OCD or something like that haha. Enemies are spawned to try and stop you such as the rolling red ball and the bouncing purple snake. The rebooted version has challenges you can complete each stage in order to earn more stars. The classic version is appears to simply be just that the original game from the 80's or whenever.The reboot version is relatively easy. At least to get 1 star ratings on the first 6 levels which I’ve completed. Your progress to later levels appears to be blocked until you have earned a certain amount of stars. So it look's like you need to do better than bare minimum 1 star rating i.e. more than just finish the level. This would mean repeating levels which could be a little bit annoying but it's better than starting all over again from the first stage I guess. The classic version doesn't seem to be as user friendly e.g. there is no warning when enemies drop down so I found myself jumping onto squares and before I knew it an enemy spawned and squashed me.Anyway the game is fun, so far lol. There are like 50-60 levels in the rebooted version each with challenges to complete. So I'd say you can probably get your moneys worth out of it.Clickherefor more let’s play videos =)"
,Recommended,285960,15125653,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Aro,"Q*Bert: Rebootedis a really nice take on a very old classic, a game I used to really enjoy playing as a child, the Rebooted version of the game brings a really refreshing touch for modern-day standards too, but the calssic version still shines as a great arcade classic today anyway.For the most part, everything in this game is solid, I personally enjoy the gameplay of the new and classic versions ofQ*Bert: Rebootedalike. The classic Q*Bert insallment of this game is essentially the same as it has always been, so there is no real need to comment on that further, even if you don't care for the rebooted installment, the classic is still worth buying, especially since it's really cheap in the first place.The Rebooted version of the game is a mixed bag for a good number of players, but I don't have any issues with it myself. The difficulty curve is spot-on, the graphics have a great charm to them and there is a really nice variation of levels and challenges to play. It is ultimately nice and solid gameplay and I have no complaints for the price.The main issue for this game appears to be the controller support, I personally prefer to play with the mouse controls by clicking (or holding left-click) on the cells instead, so this isn't something that effects me and thus can't comment on, but all in all, yes, I'd recommend this game, especially to retro gamers. It's a great addition to your casual game library that is a fun way to kill a couple of hours once in a while. Just like all those years ago: It's easy to play, difficult to master."
,Not Recommended,285960,24512674,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CipherHawk,"Rebooted version is currently broken on Linux (and has been for some time), and from some posts on the Forum Win10 is also affected -- with no DEV support in sight. The classic version does work ok, but if you are looking to play the rebooted version stay well away from this title.Edit: The Win10 version does work now, Linux version continues to be broken (even post patch), so the review will remain negative until the issue is addressed, if it's addressed."
,Recommended,285960,11962497,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,OtakuBrony,"I've had the Q*Bert game on the Sega Dreamcast when I was a kid, so I said ""why not?"" and purchased it for old times sake. The classic, and the reboot version is really good. I approve of it."
76561197978115103,Recommended,285960,12376331,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,~ⓀoⒻεⓎ~,"I was pretty happy to see this one in steam , It had been a while since the last time I played Qbert ,but I remember walking about a mile and a half to the arcade, there was a line and some quarters involved , yea that was a while back , anyway .I recommend getting this Game if at any point you in time you enjoyed it , or even if you've never herd of it , get it , It's a good game , you get the original game and a rebooted (new) version , both are pristine and smooth .I can speak for the PC/windows 7pro64/steam/mouse and key board/ control of Q*bert is handled flawlessly via mouse ( point and click) so no missed jumps ."
76561197970893345,Recommended,285960,11229766,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,KEN-BOX ONE,"I've beaten the game and so can speak to this game in its entirety.    Is it Q*Bert at heart?   Yes.    Is it worth playing?  Yes.  Does controller support suck?   Yes.  How do you fix this?  Customize your controls in the options.  Personally, I use on my 360 controller the XYBA for precise diagonal jumping, and then the left and right shoulder buttons for up and down (there are now hexagon platforms as opposed to square cubes to jump on).   So why did they change to  hexagon platforms?  For one, it makes playing levels where the cubes would change back to their normal color a little easier than the original;  two, it allows for level designs that were not previously not possible to create.So what are some of the flaws with the game besides the controls?   Coily has a weird jump animation.   He more slugs around then jumps.  The boxing glove enemy makes no sense.  Stay two blocks away from the glove if you want to survive.  The game seems incomplete.  I honestly don't think I was supposed to be able to beat level 36-1.  They throw so much at you that the only way to beat it is to die several times to reset the board for a second.  36-2 and 36-3 are easy as cake and once you beat 36-3, well, the game just stays there with the words ""Round Complete.""    It doesn't go back to the map or do anything to beat the last level.   Also, the purple gremlin and pig are gone.  Finally, if you're not playing with a mouse, wherever it is on the screen, that's the way Q*Bert will face, and it can slow your character down.What are the pros?  It definitely feels like Q*bert.  Even with its flaws, once the game gets busy and you've mastered the controls, it is Q*Bert.   Red balls drop, Coily chases you while you chase a treasure chest.  Sam will change boxes back to their original colors.  There's a new evil kitty enemy that I like to refer to as the Nemesis Enforcer.  It's entrance is as chilling as when you first encountered the purple gremilin and pig in the original arcade game. The evil kitty will sit there and wait for you to make a move.   Definitely my my new favorite bad guy.   I love the overworld map music.  Totally Q*Bert.Overall, it is a good Q*Bert game.   I hope they fix some of these things, especially the Coily jump animation and the mouse issue which forces Q*Bert to look in the direction of the mouse."
,Not Recommended,285960,26096071,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Kuko,"Why the fug i cant play rebooted version? i tried on linux, windows 7 and windows 10 it get stuck in the level select part"
,Not Recommended,285960,19369751,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zee Zaa Zo,Nice idea and I do love the game Q*Bert but the controls are horrible and I really don't like the STARs thing.  Nice try guys
76561198050239767,Recommended,285960,20027822,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gilly,Great Reboot as some of the negative reviews have pointed out the controls take some getting used to but as someone who has played the origianl and a past amiga port this was always and part of the challenge and there are some sfx missing though this did not effect the core gameplay or my enjoyment. Overall great reboot you'll enjoy if you liked the original I highly recommend and especially at the sale price I would say any newcomers give it a try .
,Recommended,285960,11209792,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Killing 4 Pizza,"Q*Bert Rebooted includes the classic Q*Bert we know and love (Arcade) and a more hexigonal revamp (Rebooted).The classic arcade side of the game is very challenging and pretty enjoyable.  I played the coin operated version 25-30 years ago so when another reviewer pointed out that a lot of the classic mechanics and sounds don't exist in this version, it made me realize some of the flaws of this version compared to the original coin op.  Knowing that, I'm still satisfied with the arcade side of this game as it offers the challenge of an old school arcade game.The modern ""Rebooted"" side of this game offers much less challenge than the arcade side as the cubes that Q*Bert would normally be jumping around on, are hexigonal and give the player 6 directions instead of four. It's an interesting twist however there's very little strategy required to finish each map.  Each map offers two additional challenges that are separate from simply completing the map, which are a time challenge and a score challenge.  The time challenge is fun but doesn't offer much actual challenge. The score challenge seems to be almost impossible to fail at in the early stages as completing the map with no additional enemies killed seems to give you the exact score you need to complete this challenge.  Seems redundant.  Plus the fact that you can only go for one challenge at a time (you can't get all three challenges in one round) adds additional flakyness making these challenges seem like an afterthought. It would be nice to have some more unique challenges.The Rebooted side also offers different characters to play as after you collect enough of those diamond things, but this is purely cosmetic.Regarding the controls, XBOX 360 wireless controller works fine with the L analog stick.  D pad doesn't appear to be an option.  A classic nuance of Q*Bert is it's controls as most of your moves are diagonal instead of up down left right so I could see it being frustrating for someone not used to this.Overall for $5 this is a great deal.  The steam trading cards are selling for quite a bit atm so that's almost an instant rebate on a pretty decent game."
,Recommended,285960,12880278,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,POW TO YOU!,"Q*Bert: Rebooted is a very fun game. I prefer the mouse controls personally, and it works great!I never played Q*Bert in an arcade, but I've seen a few videos of it, and can say that the classic version plays pretty closely to the original. From what I can tell most of the sound effects are there, and it looks just like the original!The new version is fun too though! It's the same basic game idea, but with a few added elements. There's gems, which you can use to buy new characters, there's stars, which are required to unlock new levels, and there's new enemies! The stars however did not recieve the best implementation they could have. You have you complete challenges to get stars, and there's 3 challenges per level. You have to play the level 3 seperate times to get them all, and get the stars for them, such as score 2000 points, or beat the level in under 1:10.The enemies are interesting too, you have the classic ones all in a new style, and then you have the new ones. One is a boxing glove that punches you away, it feels a tad random when it punches you, but it's still a good enemy (frustrating though!). The next is a treasure that you chase around, I believe if you catch it you get 70 gems but I could be wrong.The levels in the rebooted version get extremely hard (at least for me) later on. I'm still having fun though.The final thing is the achievements, while I like collecting achievements for games, I feel like in this one it's random. I earned the achievement for winning the rebooted version even though I didn't beat it quite yet, the same happened for collecting all the characters.This is a pretty good game for what it is though. It's a great way to bring back Q*Bert!"
76561198091703885,Recommended,285960,14644315,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nova,"For one to write a review on Q*bert: Rebooted, one must have an understanding and a grasp on the orignal Q*bert. Which luckly comes packaged with this game. The Orignal plays much like the arcade version i played when i was a kid,quick and fluent. The Reboot then also trys to get a grip on the older version while maintaing a newer ""feel"" to this classic. At first glance this is already a rebooted classic,that's done well. The reboot offers different characters to play as,in which the orignal different. The reboot also offers not just Squares but using a hexagon form to it. Would recommend this to anyone who has played the orignal and loved it and also i recommend this to new players to this game, which will end up being a instant classic in anyones heart. 10/10"
,Recommended,285960,11288924,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Neslope♀,"First thing I should mention, if you're buying this for the original, you'll probably be disappointed. It's not too great of a port. If you really want an authentic one, buy another game collection featuring the game or get a rom for MAME. (You're on your own for that one. I'm not telling you where to get one.)If you're buying this for the modern version, then whether it's worth it or not depends on your tastes. If you're like me, and enjoy simple games once in a while between bigger ones, then I'd say go for it. The only flaws I can think of are the settings that you can only change before starting the game, the 2 tracks of music that never stop playing, and Q*Bert incessantly making his ""swear"" noise randomly during gameplay. Otherwise, I don't think it's too bad of a purchase if you like these sort of games.I mean, even if you don't like it, it's only 5 bucks, and you can just get idle to get the game's trading cards (currently selling at almost a dollar) and sell them to get a game you like better, so don't whine too much."
,Not Recommended,285960,26393273,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Duck Hunt-Pr0,"Game appears broken (can't select levels to even begin playing the game);With developers showing little interest or capability to actually fix the (year old!??) issue.Apparently this issue can affect Windows and Linux users alike.And their solution to controllers not working properly, which it didn't for me either, seems to be to  tell players to remap keyboard keys to the controller they wish to use..Check the game's discussion board, and the dates on those posts, and consider yourself warned."
,Recommended,285960,11455957,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,triph4mm3r,"Great remake of Q-Bert AND the game includes a rebooted version with upgraded graphics and a new playing field base tile (hexagons instead of square tiles on a pyramid).  Q-Bert two ways.Firstly, the original version of Q-bert is just the way it was released long ago.  Pyramid playing field, 2D old style pixel graphics, and of course the same cast of characters.  This game is real easy to play with a gamepad.  Diagonal movement works by jumping on the pyramid just as you see on the screen...diagonally.  Sounds simple but I've seen versions of Q-bert where you had to turn the controller slightly diagonal to get that jumping diagonal feel but not this game.If you're not familiar with Q-Bert, the object of Q-Bert is to turn the colors of each tile you jump upon to a target color.  You're on a pyramid and need to jump on the steps of the pyramid to move along and change the tile colors.  As you complete each screen the game will progressively move you through levels that make the target color harder to get to (IE: early on you change one color to another while higher levels may have you going through five colors just to get to the target color).  NPC's (Non Player Characters) try and stop you from accomplishing your goal but there's bonus ball drops that do things such as ""freeze"" the playing field along with NPC's allowing Q-Bert to move without a problem when you collect the ball that has dropped. Q-Bert plays just as it was played back in the day.Secondy, the rebooted version is like an updated version of the game.  I'm not talking about just a graphical upgrade where it's the same old game only with better graphics.  The biggest difference is the playing field tiles.  You're no longer on just a Pyramid.  The playing field has you on hexagons where you can jump straight up and down the playing field. Structures that are made with hexagons enable a vast array of playing fields to play on.  In the 'rebooted' version you're also given the choice of playing different Q-Bert type characters. The same old cast of NPC's like ""Coily"" have been updated to modern graphics as well.Great Reboot of the game.  The game is cheap enough... but it does go on sale... so buy it on sale like I did."
,Recommended,285960,16233315,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Professor Portal,"The classic arcade experience, with many twists!  Traditional mode lets you party like it's 1982.  The rebooted mode adds a story line, unlockable player-characters and brand new graphics & game mechanics.  If you even somewhat liked the original, this version is for you.Haven Review: Q*bert: RebootedHeroes of Gamers Haven:  Forum"
,Not Recommended,285960,18883357,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Cmdr Pickles,"I love classic QBert, but this version is just flat out broken. It will work with a keyboard with your standard WASD keys, but they don't make sense in this diagonal moving game, and not configurable.  It only supports PS and XBOX controllers, or so it says.  I actually cannot get my PS controller to work with it.  And to top it off, I cannot even get the reboot game to start, only classic mode.  This game needs major patches.Note: This review was done trying to play on Linux."
,Not Recommended,285960,19226360,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ivansword,"Q*bert as a character isn't broken, but this game is the biggest fart joke I have had the displeasure of purchasing since Hydlide on the NES.  Gems.  I hate to ruin the story **SPOILER** - There is no story.  **End Spoiler***  Sorry if that wasn't spaced well enough.   as fas as I can tell, in this Q*bert game you collect.... Wait for it...    wait...      Gems.    Yup... Gems.  Spectacular.  You know whats better? 7 second bonus rounds in which you get 7 seconds to collect... Gems.  OH OH can I play?!?  PICK ME, PICK ME!!  OVER HERE!!!!  Its even better going for the stars.... Thats the real fun.Its great cause you can hop around levels that were half the size of the arcade version (poorly emulated here, controls = crap as well), and if you are lucky enough to have even one enemy show up (in the first 4-5 levels) perhaps you may dodge them.  You're reward?  Fireworks!!!!  Yes!!!  Except they look only slightly better than the fireworks you get from Super Mario Bros (hitting the flagpole while the clock ends in 1, 3, or 6).  They look like a skittle that got stomped on... but maybe not that good.This game is real enthralling.  Did i mention you collect gems?  Unfortunately I would rather watch a season of Barbie and the Rockers; those are better gems. I have the original Qbert arcade in an upright cabinet (true story), and I can from experience tell you there are simple truths in the world; 1. There is no crying in baseball.  2. You don't have to believe in aliens or the devil, they believe in you.  3. and THERE ARE no *#$%^! gems in Q*bert!  Oh, but I forgot, these gems buy you in game skins that wouldn't be fit for Hannibal from Silence of the Lambs.  They are so bad that I recommend keeping the gems, perhaps if you collect enough, it wont feel like you got totally jacked on the price of the game.  Its very clear now, I think I have discovered why Q*bert wants to throw himself into the black void of space, again and again.  Hes knows he can't die, but he also knows that this isn't right.  I am convinced that is why the controls are wonky, the collision detection is amazingly poor, and the same reason that Curly and Q*bert can share the same space, while other times be a space away before Q*bert assumes the most amazing death animation I have ever seen.  Actually, nothing happens.  He merges with Curly, and then resumes par usual.  It should make anyone feel good though, you get firecrackers for every level; rewarding mediacracy has rarely looked this good.  Q*bert leaps into the void, because he is trying to escape from this sorry excuse of a game he was forced to star in.  Perhaps he is the one messing with the controls, that's why they are wonky.  Thats gotta be it.  Im sure the programing is completely solid.  To be sure we know how much this game wants us the enjoy it, we are gifted with 5 unskippable seconds of a glorious countdown to ensure we are ready for some crazy mind blowing excitement, just enough time to think about how wonderful this level is, and to remember how lucky we are to be gifted this gem, er.. I mean marvel of gaming excellence.  As you travel along the space map from each level, you wonder how long will it take before you reach and can leap into the black hole at the end.  Golly, that's a hell of a prize!  I couldn't hang in there long enough to find out... but it didn't want me to go just yet... It made sure to lock up when I exited the game, EVERY TIME I TRIED.  Im sure it was a last ditch effort to allow me one more chance to reconsider staying in this paradise of gaming wonder.  Nah, like a old beat up car, it shut down like a rumbling death purr... probably the best effort to hold onto the last time bit of life it will see.  That's dedication!!!If Q*bert of old were to meet this Q*bert, he would use his Speak and Spell voice and tell this imposter to !*&@$%#! off."
76561198325906067,Not Recommended,285960,26324453,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,tonypuglisi,"With all today's advanced technology, you'd think this game would work wonderfully. It might sound ironic to say this, but this game worked better on my Commodore 64 in the 1980s.First of all, if you want to use a game controller with this, be prepared to feel disappointed. It does not work reliably.Second of all, if you want to play the non-classic game, well, it's unplayable because the first level doesn't appear on the map.Fortunately, in the days of the NES, I bought the game so at least I can still play with that if I feel nostalgic for Q-Bert's foul language!"
,Not Recommended,285960,16401732,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mystakill,"Q*bert Rebooted features floaty controls, lame sound effects, and overly-simplistic graphics.   Q*bert Classic is a poorly-emulated version of the original, which you'd be better off playing through M.A.M.E."
76561198014940802,Not Recommended,285960,16612767,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Orias,"I have less than 15 minutes playing this game. I loved the original. I owned it on Atari and spent a fair amount of time on it. It wasn't as impressive as some for its time. However, it did its job...to entertain.This thing...1. If you are buying this (as I did) to get a blast from the past. Save you're $1.99 and buy a snickers bar. Yes. I do have one in front of me. I plan to eat it after this review. Actually...nom nom ...hungry? Why wait?2. If you've never played Qbert before go play it in its original format. Not only does it deliver graphically it has the audio touches in just the right way.3. If you own this game, I'm sorry. Sadly I can think of many other games for this price worth more to have in your library than this. I don't usually give such harsh ratings, especially to such a time honored and loved classic. In this instance I must.4. Controls are the worst!"
76561198073475689,Not Recommended,285960,17929859,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,korean lesbian,I found it fun for about five minutes before i got bored of it.... The game just felt repetetive and it served me no challenge.
,Not Recommended,285960,15764542,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,InordinatelyHalatinous,"This is horrible. Controls are bad, music's non-existant, no 2 player mode in classic. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,285960,15865467,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,KingSigy,"Arcade games from the 1970's and 1980's were simple. You had a joystick and a button that controlled your character. The skills were dependent on the game. It made for mindless entertainment that eventually expanded into the medium we hold dear. How someone thought that bringing an idea like Q*Bert into the modern era would work is beyond me.I have nothing against old classics being revived. Pac-Man: Championship Edition is a great example of modernizing a relic and making it feel brand new. Q*Bert Rebooted is not that example. Apart from mind numbing music and horrid level design, the only thing I enjoy from this reboot are the graphics.How you can manage to mess up the control scheme to Q*Bert really boggles my mind. Gamepad support works, but barely. Often times, you'll press the diagonal direction required to make Q*Bert jump and he won't move. Other times, you'll swear you hit up or down only to have the orange puff ball jump to his demise.For a game that is based on the idea of jumping platforms and not falling, it fails on a basic level to provide that. If I can't reliably control my character, how am I supposed to enjoy the game? For that matter, why do all the level designs recycle ad naseum until level 37?You would be forgiven for thinking the 40 levels included in Rebooted would all be different. At first, the game mixes up the grids and keeps you guessing. It's not necessarily great, but something different that builds into new concepts is how classics like Mario can stick around.Instead, after level 8, the game just recycles everything. No new concepts, no different grid structures; there aren't even different color schemes. It makes for a slog of an experience that feels like you're re-enacting Groundhog's Day. The enemy AI is also seemingly random, which becomes infuriating in later levels.The game also has no true ending. Once you finish, you are greeted to a screen of ""Look for Upcoming Levels"" and that's it. You can't even get closure on this waste of a game. I'd say the unlockable skins give you incentive, but they can all be acquired long before you finish the ""last"" level.To top off everything, even the emulation of classic Q*Bert suffers from control problems. It has all the content, but Q*Bert seems to have a mind of his own when it comes to jumping. If I'm not mistaken, some of the sound effects are missing, too.Really, the only reason I bought this was because of a sale price. During the Winter Sale, I saw the game for $1. I could have done worse and paid the full price, but even my $1 feels wasted. I'd recommend steering clear at all costs. Q*Bert Rebooted is a prime example of exploited nostalgia.P.S. Be weary of the reviews on the Steam page. One is listed as IGN, but is linked to a blog post on the site. I believe that is called false advertising.2/10"
76561198150916326,Not Recommended,285960,17135126,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,lyndenb.kirk,"I liked the game until the Fall of 2014 when I was unable to select a level. I have tried several time to play since, but have been unable to. I did not get my $ worth."
,Not Recommended,285960,17232499,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,JadziaMD,"While the classic game is spot on, the 3-D version is atrocious. I spent five minutes trying to get the mouse cursor to select the first level and still never could get it. That is simply ridiculous."
,Recommended,285960,11297087,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jeremiah Cheesedanish,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing.
,Not Recommended,285960,24364889,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,stretch611,"As someone else said in a review, this was a lazy port. I couldn't agree more. It seems like very little effort was used in creating this version. I wish I could actually play the ""reboot"" version, but there is a bug in both the windows an linux versions preventing me from even started the game in that mode. The bug has been in the forums for months but no patches at all to attempt to fix it. Stay away, it seems like there will not be any real support effort at all with this title."
,Recommended,285960,13582695,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SkullBallCorp,"Its Q-bert... theres not much else to say, the rebooted version feels good and doesnt mess around with it too much but the classic is always better."
,Recommended,285960,26072139,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Crash Beandicoot,"If you liked Q*bert as an arcade game then this is a good game for you. If you're new to Q*bert it is also a good game. It's a simple game with the classic mode of Q*bert and a new updated mode with 3D graphics and a level style format. After completing a level you can go back and complete a different objective to collect another star for that level. While playing, you get gems and you can use those gems to buy Q*bert Costumes basically. They give you a few costumes for free. It is easy to get gems and there are no in game purchases.This game also has achievements and trading cards with emoticons, backgrounds, badges, etc. People say the controls are bad and there's glitches but I haven't encountered any of this, I have been using just a mouse for playing. You can also use a keyboard and a controller I think.Overall, I don't think this was a bad purchase and It is fun to come back to every once in a while if I have some spare time."
76561197965282243,Recommended,285960,11210735,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Hatch,"If you're an 80's kid then you should know who Q*bert is.  This classic game has finally been rebooted!  There are two modes to this game, the original classic you played from back in the day and a new reboot version with new graphics.  Both modes have the original sound effects.  For those who never played Q*bert (sorry about your childhood) all you do is jump on the cubes to change their color.  After all cubes have been changed you win the level and move to the next level.  The challenge is to not fall off the edge or get attacked by boucing purple snakes.  Perfect game for your nostalgic game collection."
76561197962263731,Recommended,285960,19945308,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Iggy 81206,"Alright, I just bought it and had a go. Granted, I got it for ~$1 during the Holiday Sale. Still.... I'm enjoying the ""Classic"" version quite well.I know the reviews are mixed, and I get everybody has different expectations and criteria for what counts as a ""good game"". I'm an arcade collector. I grew up in the age of games like this. The Classic mode is pretty much spot on.The ""Updated"" version isn't bad, either. I'm not a huge fan of the ""Hexagon"", but it does seem to work with this format.The one thing I find lacking, however.... is lack of support for an ""Atari"" style joystick(for the Classic mode, if nothing else). That said, I'm enjoying this more than the Pac-Man collection, simply because the controls(mouse based) are easy enough to work with.Definitely worth the $1 I paid, and honestly, it's worth the $4.99 normal price tag."
,Not Recommended,285960,11840562,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Icedus,"Now, I know what you're thinking.  ""F--- yes¹, Q*Bert's momentum is still going strong after his appearance inWreck-It Ralph, the greatest anything in the history of everything.  Here is a modern update that will do the original arcade game justice and also get me in with the JonTrons and the Jessie Rogerses of the world.  We'll all go out together for strawberry malts and talk about how Square Enix be cray-cray.""But alas, it is with a heavy heart that I write this review.  I, foolish squanderer of $5-something, am duty-bound to warn you that getting the attention of the JonTrons and the Jessie Rogerses of the world just isn't that simple.  And also thatQ*Bert: Rebootedsort of capsizes itself in the modernization process.If you dive in, Xbox 360 controller blazing, you'll notice pretty quickly that the game only kind of supports controllers.Rebootedwas clearly designed withmobile devicesthe mouse in mind, as it's the only way you can navigate the menus and get anything done outside of the panel-hopping you so eagerly seek.  The main event makes a strong case for going mouse-only; the analog stick is an option, but it's pretty janky.  Simultaneously forgetful and unforgiving, the controls weren't above tossing me a cardinal increment off from the direction I pushed from time to time, making me miss an angled (more angled?) jump or outright tossing me into the abyss.  Not even the included original version is spared from this madness.  Home interpretations of the arcade game's controls have varied wildly over the years, but this one takes the cake.  The bad cake with coconut shavings that gives you indigestion.You know how to playQ*Bert.  The original game is that, but with bad controls.  But the titular Rebooted half of the package?  Hooboy.  After jumping right in to the first world, all of which are dotted with three stars indicating objectivesjust like mobile games, you'll be drip-fed the mechanics of the game, one per stagejust like mobile games, before being let loose to hop on panels and collect gems for unlocking such enticing character reskins as Q*Bert in Armor and Girl Q*Bert.  When I say ""let loose,"" I only mean until you hit a star wall and are forced to double back to clear more objectives in previous levelsthis was totally not a mobile port crapped out on Steam, why would you even think that.  It wouldn't hurt if the levels weren't so samey, from the plain background to the barely-different stages.  It's an inherent part of the design of the source material, which was part of its charm (and possibly technological limitations at the time), but the simple design doesn't work at all in tandem with this gameplay structure, the most infamous of phone-ins for the illusion of replay value.Sound-wise, the reboot is legitimately obnoxious.  Everything that makes a noise just makes the one sound, a frankly impressive step down from the (small) variety the characters had to them in the original game 20+ years ago.  The one short song that loops during all the stages plays Q*Bert's most famous exclamation (you know the one, it sounds like ""ECKSFEEAHZEEDAYWAYAH"") over and over again.  No music at all would've been preferable.It's a real shame the game turned out the way it iswhich, coincidentally, is how many mobile games turn out; the modern Q*Bert is aesthetically pleasing, with cartoony jumping and death animations.  They'd look great in a more vibrant world, one comprised of something even marginally more substantial than polygonal pyramids in black space.  But for all the advances gaming has made since 1982, it seems poor Q*Bert's still doomed to be denied proper entry into such a world.  Until he goes back and does it again with a faster time.Someone, somewhere among the staff enjoyed having a hand in making this game.  But I didn't enjoy playing it.  And as for you?  Don't letRebootedtaint your feelings for the original.  If you have a PS3, do yourself a favor and buy the arcade game on the Playstation Store.  The controls are spot-on, and you can experienceQ*Bertin all its glory with a neat arcade marquee, instead of a sad mobile... fart bee.¹or maybe should I say @!#?@! yes, like what Q*Bert says, ahahahahaha"
76561198040185239,Not Recommended,285960,12892364,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DukeOfDelmar,"What a mess.In addition to the problems covered in other reviews, which I was willing to deal with to get my Q*Bert on, the game shows many more signs of poor design.  I found early on that many of the levels were exploitable for points (just find a Slick/Sam spawn that is safe from enemies and camp there).  I soldiered through most of the game.  The last straw, though, was level 38, which is basically unplayable.  There are two islands in the level, and one-use discs to go inbetween.  Trouble is, if you take the disc to the second island and then die, you get transported back to the first island, then you have no way to get back to the second island to finish the level.Such a shame, since the Pac-Man remake was so fracking awesome."
,Not Recommended,285960,11175217,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,"M.O.T.H.E.R., NP-C","Pac-Man Championship and its DX sequel set the standard on how classic 80's arcade games should be remade.  Q*Bert: Rebooted unfortunately misses that mark by a wide margin.Q*Bert: Rebooted comes with two modes: Q*Bert: Classic, which is an emulation of the original arcade game, and Q*Bert: Rebooted, which is an enhanced remake of the original.  Rebooted gameplay is similar to the original, except movement can made in six different directions instead of four, making it much easier to evade enemies.  Along with a couple new enemies and the omission of Ugg and Wrong Way, the difficulty progression is very slight and very repetitive, as the same five maps are used in the progression track.  It gets only somewhat difficult near the end of the game, and when you do finish the last level, it bugs out and does not go to either an ending or credit scene.Q*Bert: Classic is still the better game, but this emulation is quite bad.  The controls are not very responsive.  The sound effects for Ugg and Wrong Way are missing. The behaviors of Sam and Slick are also incorrect.  They do not reverse the color changes that Q*Bert makes; instead they actually help Q*Bert by changing cubes to the target color.Q*Bert: Rebooted is recommended for arcade game nostalgics who don't care about quality or accuracy in their games.  You are better off finding a Q*Bert ROM to play on an arcade emulator."
,Recommended,285960,11159162,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Videogamevegas,"Q*bert is every bit as fun here as it was in the Arcade!  I came mostly for the Reboot to experience something new.  I'm pleased to say it's really fun too!  This isn't the best version of Q*bert I've ever played, but it's well worth the price of admission.Steam Q*bert is at a great introductory price of $4.49, and having played over two hours of this version, I can tell you it would've cost me more than that in quarters at the Arcade!  Both control schemes work well (Xbox360 gamepad and mouse) and the graphics, sound, and fun factor are all there.  This is a definite buy!"
,Not Recommended,285960,12765788,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Challah Bread,"Q*bert is amazing. It always was, it still is. However, the controller support is dreadful (doesn't work in menus, highly unresponsive in game) and playing on the keyboard (WASD for a diagonal movement game) isn't that much better. The ""die 100 times"" achievement is gonna be a cinch at this rate. I mean, it's not as playable as it was on the Atari. Should you have less problems than I did, you still have to deal with that inoffensive public domain music that companies think kids like. It's 2014, Sony and Gonzo, how do you mess up Q*bert?"
,Recommended,285960,24327645,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Booo_,"Although I'm rating this game overall positive, to be honest I was kind of let down when I bought this. I mean, to people who are new to Q*Bert, this game honestly isn't that bad. The graphics are pretty awesome, there are a load of levels to play, and you can even change Q*Bert's look. Aside from only having two different music tracks throughout the entirety of the Rebooted side of the game and the ridiculous change in difficulty that hits around level 35, the game is still somewhat fun. The thing that keeps me from giving this a 100% positive review, however, is the wasted potential this game had.I've been a fan of Q*Bert for as long as I can remember, playing all of his titles, and when I saw that this had come out, you can believe I was pretty excited to get it and see just how amazing it was compared to the other games. The thing with that, though, is...it wasn't amazing. In the SNES version of Q*Bert, each level had a theme to it, making every single one unique in its own way. In the PS1 version of Q*Bert, it not only had the different themes, but also introduced a story and several new different types of puzzles. Q*Bert: Rebooted, however...had none of that. It was just mainly a graphically-enhanced version of the original arcade game.Don't get me wrong, the game features the classic ""step twice on the floor"" and ""don't step twice on the floor or you'll change the color back"" things, along with a few new enemies, but other than that, that's pretty much it. When I saw that the map in which you select the levels circled around various planets and stuff, I was pumped up, thinking that the levels changed appearance according to the planets and all that. I was very disappointed to find that throughout the course of every single level in the game so far, they all consisted of the same thing; One of five different layouts for Q*Bert to walk on that gets reused every few levels, and the same black space background with the same looking tiles and colors. Pair that with the same level music that plays throughout every single level, and you get absolute blah. Not even the Q*Bert costumes made this game that enjoyable for me, despite it being a great addition.To kind of sum up what I've said, for people who are new to the Q*Bert series, this game is alright, with only minor flaws and glitches here and there. For people who have been a fan of Q*bert for a long time and have played his previous games, thinking that this will definitely be an upgrade and a step up from that, well...I hate to say that this is not the case at all. The game, however, has updated in the past, so who knows, maybe they'll take this game to a whole new level in the future. Until then, though, this game is a bit of a let down."
,Not Recommended,285960,20175700,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Frustum,"Nice try, but the control is simply unusable. A pity :("
,Recommended,285960,21840933,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Phantom,"This game made me a better person, I don't get angry anymore."
76561198112335919,Recommended,285960,12731692,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,How can you go wrong for 1.99 (sale)  TO BAD ITS BUGGY (Mac) mouse appears to conflict with xbox stick (if mouse is on the wrong button. I even left the mouse in the upper left corner (full screen) and it froze.ODDLY - even though I have buttons galore on my x-box joystick on the mac - it still requires you to use the Mouse on the interface and to start the game.  REALLY?   Don't touch a stick button before game loads or stick won't work right.  The right shoulder button seems to do ODD things.   If I'm careful not to leave the mouse in the wrong place or touch a stick before the game starts.  It sometimes works  (and works fairly well) This has always been a hard game to control with it's diagonal stick movements.  With the new REBOOTED version you have 6 movements not limited to the original version of 4 movements.  Glad I got it but glad I didn't pay more.  And would be pleased if they fixed the bugs and allowed the stick to work 100%.
,Recommended,285960,19701649,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Esquilo,Thumbs up just for the classic QBert bundled here!The rebooted version has weird controls and blinks weirdly at the beginning wich made me feel uneasy. And I'm not an epilepsy sufferer.Grab it with a deep discount just for the classic game!
,Recommended,285960,28994632,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr. Nosey,I love this game!
76561198079724086,Recommended,285960,11154520,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Traxx,Great game but not worth 5$.it is more worth 2$.
,Recommended,285960,12220083,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Germanilluminati,"Its @!#?@! good,Just buy it!"
76561197993235205,Not Recommended,285960,31172493,Posted: 16 April,all,Gol,"Q*Bert Rebooted is a barely playable, mobile port cash-in with no redeeming qualities.Q*Bert Rebooted was clearly mobile first, arbitrary progress gates and unlock systems are shoehorned in, options menus are hastily tacked on and controller support is sloppily implemented. Levels were designed for a touch screen, using hexagons rather than squares to create more paths around the pyramid, a design choice they completely failed to attach to any form of control method.Mouse or gamepad it didn’t matter, Q*Bert is sluggish and hard to control, if it decides to move at all. In a classic arcade game where consistent movement and score chasing are the primary methods of player engagement, the only way they could stuff up any more would be, say, not having online leaderboard support, another feat managed in this shell of a game. The music is repetitive, the sound effects annoying and the graphics uninspired, lacking any real charm. The original Q*Bert showed more character just by fuzzily swearing at every death.The classic Q*Bert is included in the package but it is botched as well, a remake rather than a direct port of the arcade code and somehow done worse. Controls are again an issue, you must use diagonal presses even though you only have four movement directions, even the Game Boy port 25 years ago let you use four directions.More time was spent on Q*Bert Rebooted coming up with zany new characters and outfits than on making a decent game, a horrid example of putting premium currency farming ahead of gaming experience. When you strip out that premium currency and instead charge five bucks for the whole package, it just becomes an embarrassing grind. This is an absolute disaster in every sense and needs to be resisted by anybody who may hold any affection for the original Q*Bert."
,Recommended,285960,31255570,Posted: 20 April,all,MissDefi,"This has classic Q-bert which I grew up on and a quest type q-bert which is something to get use to..I used to do these with a joy stick so trying with a mouse without falling off the sides is a challenge but once you get the hang of it, it's pretty cool. They did a really good job on it. Thank you for bringing this back."
,Not Recommended,285960,13466555,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ol Crunchy,"Within about a minute of playing, the phrase ""oh nooooo"" was gurgled from my maw almost nonstop."
,Recommended,285960,18726667,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Stelios78910,"Its interesting to note its lack of difference from the mobile game. A mixture of balls hard like the original, and new accessability without all the microtransactions and free to playness modern gaming today is swarmed with."
,Recommended,285960,20431672,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LeCandyBandits (YT),Great Game. Made from the 8's classic. Although it does feel a little wierd at the start.
76561198081968922,Not Recommended,285960,25075462,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Spooky Bunkinstan,its good but it isnt worth 5$
76561198232404456,Recommended,285960,25726877,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ninjanickpants,awsome game i know you can play the classic version online but the new one is awesome vary good new graphics i think you should try this
76561198271422919,Recommended,285960,21528601,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,KlonoaGunner,"this game is ok, this version of the game controls a bit better than all of the other versions on: xbox one,ps4,psvita and ps3.But the music is still bland and you still need to complete the missions one by one instead of completing them all at once(like in the xbox one version) the load times are fast though in the ps4,ps3 and psvita versions they are FAR too longxbox one: 2 secondsps4,ps3,psvita: 1 minutepc: 1.5 secondswell, if you're a qbert fan or a classic arcade games fan then you should get this game but i highly reccomend playing the superior xbox one version as that version has better graphics,better music, better gameplay and you can now accomplish all the missions at oncethe pc version isnt bad but its oki don't reccomend the ps4,ps3 and psvita versions though as those versions have all the flaws present in the pc version,have long loading times and very bad controlsqbert rebooted pc version: 6/10"
76561197998358006,Recommended,285960,18806751,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Thell Vallock,"While I recommend this game, there are a good number of problems with it; The tutorials are just still images that teach you remarkably little about how the game works, especially in regards to a mid-game foe that can spawn on top of you, you need to beat each stage three times to get to the next level, each stage has three missions (clear the stage, time attack, and score attack, essentially) that you need to take on in three separate attempts despite that you could probably do the time run on the first try if you really wanted to, and you NEED to do some of the missions in order to get past certain gates on the world map.That said though, the mouse allows for more precise control than Q*Bert's original joystick, the change to a hexagonal grid allows a greater sense of control since you have two more directions to move in, they mix up the boards enough that they don't get stale, and they mix up the enemies on those boards so that there's some new combination of foes in each stage. If you can get past the problems here, it's a good little pick-up-and-play style game that's worth picking up."
,Recommended,285960,18394449,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Richward Anime,"Amazing game, always wanted to play the original arcade version of Q*bertRebooted is cool too7/10"
,Recommended,285960,22116909,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,QbertGuyGo,This game is so good. I love Q*bert so much. I cri evritiem when the poor little pixelated Q*bert gets brutally murdred by anything in his way. JUST LET HIM JUMP ON A FLIPPING CUBE YOU STUPID SNAKE!! WHY THE HECK IS THAT SO BAD!!?
76561197986031834,Recommended,285960,22348899,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,FFSamurai,"The controller I was using for this review was an Atari Retrolink. I used the program joy2key in order to make it work. More on how I did it in the CON section.PRO: It's a decent update of the classic game. The progression system is good and it includes both the classic arcade game and a modern update. I can see why other people could be turned off from this game's presentation since it is basically the same as you'd see on an iPhone or Android device, 3 star ratings included. But for something like Q*Bert you don't really want anything too complex and the system they have in place does a good job of giving you reason to improve your skill. On the graphical front it has been optimized for PCs so pixelated mess you may get from similar mobile game ports (looking at you Final Fantasy IV) isn't here.CON: The real annoyance comes from getting your controller to work. Whenever I tried running the game from my Steam library joy2key just wouldn't work to emulate the controls. The same also goes for if I tried starting it up in Big Picture mode. After much trial I found that if I launched the game from its .exe file rather than from STEAM's menu joy2key worked just fine. It's an annoyance that I hope they fix in the future. Another annoyance is needing a mouse in order to select menu options and start the game. I would've like to just use my controller for this stuff but, as it is right now that's just not possible.CONCLUSION: With all the cons taken into consideration I'd still reccomend this game, particularly if you use an Atari-style joystick like I did. It'll please both people who likes the arcade original and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,285960,18832530,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kawaiirose87,"If you like retro arcade games, then I would recommend this game. Q*bert rebooted has some unique challenges, introduces classic and rebooted modes, and would run on low-end computers. However, it would require a bit of time to get used to the game's controls."
,Recommended,285960,19258771,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Creep Kyurem,"This game is awesome. We got Rebooted mode for players new to the game and classic mode for hardcore qbert players. I for one have played q*bert before, and now I can relive those days. Also, I am beginning to wonder when they will add q*pixel to this version. I have this game for iOS and that just got me thinking about it."
76561198021697412,Recommended,285960,30375902,Posted: 7 March,all,A Gumba,"I dunno, I liked it. (!DISCLAIMER! I never said this was a good review, and really, it's not a good review at all. This review is NOT up to review standards and should be treated as a joke. Thank you.)"
,Not Recommended,285960,12245073,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,philishave,"Not arcade perfect, and it auto-stretches if you deceide to go full screen forcing your to play in windowed view.No control config either."
,Not Recommended,285960,11156951,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LaXDragon,"This game is a example of sloppy programming. The controller support is horribly broken, you cannot control the menu system from a controller at all. Even in game when you can use the controller, the feel is completely wrong, even in classic mode. The controls are floaty and inaccurate. Even the mouse controls which are bizarre to begin with are imprecise. When playing arcade style games good controls are paramount.The rebooted mode, while it looks OK in screenshots, is just awful in motion. There is barely any animation at all. Who did the animation on Coily? He does not fall off the screen, he just disappears in a shower of sparks. And when he jumps around the screen, it looks just terrible.Completely disappointing! And clearly just a quick nostalgia cash in, avoid it even if you are the biggest of Q*Bert fan.Steam. fix your listing! This game only has partial controller support at best!"
,Not Recommended,285960,28179562,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Magnificent Genderblender,Sadly does not live up to the Qbert I remember as a kid. It'd be better if the controls was more like the classic- instead it's based on either clicking or using the sticks on the controller which doesn't feel quite right.
76561197978580748,Not Recommended,285960,11479799,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,number6,"The saving grace here is: it comes with original arcade version. Everything else is mobile touchscreen rubbish. First: what's with smegging hexagons? The elegant strategic gameplay of the original is completely ruined by the ability to jump sideways. Second: mouse control absolutely ruins the sublime rhytmic nature of the original. As you can see, I didn't spend much time with with this one because you can find far better (and free) flash versions online. AVOID!"
76561197971067751,Not Recommended,285960,11780288,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,chevy1988,Should you buy this. No! Do not do it.After playing this I wished I waited till some reviews came out. I figured that the old school reboots have been pretty good lately and jumped on it.The new game is boring and it is really easy. Of the play time I put in it the only good thing done was the addition of mouse control which helps a lot for a game like this that by default had awkward control scheme
,Recommended,285960,26194766,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,🗾‽,True the legacy!
76561198090130754,Recommended,285960,19323778,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,This game is fun
,Not Recommended,285960,13126015,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SnAke_NinjA,Trash. Absolute trash. You'd be better served buying the old arcade machine off of amazon or getting an NES with the game.
76561198213532837,Not Recommended,285960,25157027,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,yawa ka wang,"Don't get this game even if you have nostalgia for the original Q-bert which this does have but the this games terrible mouse cocontrolruin any kind of fun I can have while playing original game it sucks it has terrible controls, repetitive music and stages and sadistic micro trans action prices and pacing 3/10 Terrible game Stay far away!!!"
76561198082915043,Not Recommended,285960,11296108,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,gameintruder💋,"Q*bert - Rebooted.  What can I say that already hasn't been said by others?  I too was dissapointed about the controls.  They suck.  Even when you try to use a controller, there are still problems controlling the character.  The 360 Controller works fine for the classic game, but it's better to use the mouse for the Rebooted part, which is somewhat awkward.  I've NEVER played Q*bert with a mouse!  Now this is terribly important if you want to enjoy the game and FINISH IT.  Like many have mentioned, this game requires tight controls.  No one wants to die a million times because Q*bert keeps falling over the edge or keeps making the wrong turns.  It was hard enough when I played it at the arcade.  However, Nintendo did manage to do a great job of emulating the game's controls as best as they could on their console (*Super Nintendo* Q*bert 3) and I loved playing it.  Why did the developers ignore that crucial detail here?  God knows...  A true classic never goes out of style like the Que!  But this game is a slap in the face.  Although the controller is somewhat better than the mouse, and I did enjoy playing it for a while, but the poor controls are a hindrance!The Reboot part of the game is gorgeous.  The colors are amazing, and It's cool that you can choose different characters; and that I can post a great display on my page for others to view, but that's it.  I'm not going ""gaga"" over it.  I never thought I would do this to Q*bert, but I'll have to give this one a thumbs down.  Thanks a lot guys...you really ruined it for us.  We expected a lot better...."
76561197979609703,Not Recommended,285960,11517716,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,chrissszy,"I bought this game for the classic arcade game.  Sadly, it is a mess.  The controller support is spotty, though I got my xbox controller to work.  It occasionally sends me in the wrong direction, which is almost invariably fatal.  There are too many things wrong with the gameplay to compare it to the game I grew up with.  Using a disk is supposed to give you a headstart from the top, not drop a ball on you immediately.   It is also like the stingiest arcade, which gives so few free guys that I'm invariably dead by the time the game gets interesting.  WTF can't I play an easier version?  Do I need to stuff quarters in the machine?    The rebooted version of the game is a horror to play.  Instead of the traditional pyramid, there are these hexes floating in space, so almost every hex is an edge, which is always a fatal plummet when the controls can't be trusted and this weird blinking makes it hard to tell which hex I'm even on.  There can by a couple coily snakes at a time, which don't disappear when you jump to a disk.  Plus the music is more irritating than a porno soundtrack."
76561198092585910,Recommended,285960,20812665,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,junkhed,&$%#@!!
,Not Recommended,285960,13943290,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SkySatan,nofirst time i saw this game at store and the trailers of it i was think it will be god for spend some of extra timebut its piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,285960,13729083,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,video games man,@!#?@!
,Recommended,285960,12824719,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,sonic th heghodg,ayyy lmao
76561198063848442,Not Recommended,285960,12731516,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Megamaux777,"I don't normally do this, and frown on negitivity generally.  This game is just not done enough to explain selling it at its price point.  I understand you can put whatever down as an excuse these days, but compaired to its classmates this is bare bones even for bare bones.  i just cant tell anyone who loves qbert that this is anything to be excited at.  the took the cubes out? that has to be the most bone head design move ever.  just downright dumb.get mad at me if you want, im just as mad back.  Except, you have my money allready... and all i have is a rock im never going to play."
,Not Recommended,285960,25432669,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tjjdallas,Its O.K... If U Like Wasting Some Money. This Game Will Get On Your Nerve. (If U R 11) MOM MOM QBERT I WUNT IT PLS *Buys U Q-Bert* (55 Mins Later) This Game Is Stupid!  (If You R Ove 21) Oh Kool Q-Bert Liek I Wunt It Liek Wut Eves... (55 Min Later) Fuq This Game It Can Go♥♥♥♥♥♥Itself And Die In A Hole.
76561198043404730,Not Recommended,285960,14073474,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,pommyking,"Honestly, this is not that good in comparison to most other games you could get for this much money. Though I feel this is mostly because of the old Playstation version I had as a kid, but this version of Q-bert is needlesly repetitive. You might think ""well yeah, It's Q-Bert"" and to that I say, why not just release the original Q-Bert because honestly, that's where the most fun is as rebooted is too easy due to being small and adding new directions of jumping. Couped with the fact that you must then replay the levels twice and practically to the point of perfection makes it a real slog. And going back to classic, I honestly feel the mouse style controls aren't the greatest. Q-Bert hops in the direction of your cursor so somethimes he goes where you aren't expecting. Tl;Dr, Q-Bert is now a slow grindfest, you really want that?"
76561198150020975,Not Recommended,285960,14402429,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,eheldman3,"The only semi-good thing about this is that it includes the original arcade version and may as well just stick to MAME for that.As for the so-called reboot (I guess a reboot is a remake based on the original?) pure junk. Can't figure out the controls, keep jumping off the sides etc. The original has simular problems w/ lousy controls but not as bad as this POS.Slapped together Sony crap is the best way to explain it."
,Recommended,285960,13503500,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,vookimedlo,Q*bert Classic is a must a have game!!!
76561197998813335,Recommended,285960,15458824,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ImpactHound,"The classic mode is as challenging as I remember. The new hexagonal 3D stages are fun; a lot easier but a much bigger variety in shapes. The process of unlocking new levels and costumes adds a feeling of progression to break up the monotony, and the controls are really accessible to just about anyone."
76561198131481432,Recommended,285960,14061091,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sensei_Pong,"It's okay.I only reccommend it for people that REALLY want a Q*bert port. But there are free ones on the net, and in all honesty; the fact that you can't change your controls beyond point and click is a bit saddening.But it's still fun. Great for kids.6/10What? you want more insight on this game? Fine... the sprite shop is a little fun, they added more sprites since Halloween, which is nice (Halloween themed, of course). The beginning levels are really easy (Reboot Mode), then it becomes relatively harder as things progress (down to the point of slight frustration).Graphics are nice for a Q*bert Reboot, music is pleasant, and maintains the overall feel is of the original Q*bert, nothing too new.Again, my biggest beef with this port is the lack of control options. You're stuck with mouse clicks here and there, no joypad or keyboard... which is lame for most diehard Q*bert fans.New level designs are awesome, it spins up the strategy of jumps beyond the original game.Get if on sale if you want it; but the full price is a bit of steal, but on the wrong end.Sorry, Q*bert. I love you man, but the devolpers need to try harder with control options and variety."
,Not Recommended,285960,11774554,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,arleas,"I was kinda hoping for a decent Q*Bert game on the PC without having to resort to MAME... After spending a little time with it, my suggestion is to go for MAME.The classic arcade game is here, but not entirely true to the original  For example, when the little green ball falls on the playfield, you're allowed to grab it to freeze time and while it's frozen a little tune plays to give you an idea of how much time is left.   I didn't hear any such tune in the classic version of this game.  An Oversight? Or did they just take the MAME version and slap it inside this? (I think the MAME version had a similar problem)As for the Reboot, well, it started off so small that it felt kinda pointless, like they wanted you to do a bunch of useless tasks (collecting gems) to unlock stuff, except collecting gems was just a matter of time, no skill involved. Maybe it gets better, but from the first two levels of the reboot (each consisting of 3 parts) I felt it was bland and uninteresting.At least they didn't try to turn it into an open world Tony Hawk type game or something lame.It's not a horrible game for under $5 but I was kinda disappointed by it still.  Just skip it and go for the MAME version if you're interested in playing Q*Bert..."
76561198040892981,Recommended,285960,13764671,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,cloudshaper2k,"A nice little redo of the classic arcade game. The updated version introduces a few new quirks like hexagonal shaped boards (which are immune to the 'board reversal' optical illusion that sometimes hit you while playing the classic arcade game) and different board patterns. The new version is very nice for some classic arcade fun but also suffers from the same ""why did Q*bert jump that way?"" joystick support of the original. However, this version also allows for using the mouse and the game is much easier to control that way.The inclusion of the original arcade game is a wonderful bonus. Now, if they'd just skipped the obnoxious cabinet animation that occurs anytime you start a new classic game."
,Not Recommended,285960,14149557,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,koi08r,I can't select any level with my xbox joy or mouse. I can't play. I can't play with keyboard too.
,Not Recommended,285960,14972264,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MrRat42,Can't start the new 'rebooted' part.There is no sound in the original part.(Ubuntu 14.04)
,Recommended,285960,29289778,Posted: 15 January,all,TheBlakDrag0n,"This game is just as enjoyable as the old Nintendo version since the old version is included in this reboot.  Though the reboot feels different due to a lot of changes from the original, I've still enjoyed playing."
,Recommended,285960,29151019,Posted: 9 January,all,Motel Raine,"Q Bert Classic, good... The other, not so much. Buy it for ""Q Bert Classic"""
,Recommended,285960,28907094,Posted: 1 January,all,undercat,"As someone who had never played Q*bert before despite having been into video games since the day I dug up an old ZX-Spectrum clone from a local pile of trash as a poor and clueless little kid, let me tell you:Q*bert isfun, concise and unique, and this versiondoes notprevent it from being fun, concise and unique.There seems to be a lot of negativity surrounding this release. From the overall sentiment it might seem that it's best to avoid it altogether saying, hey, maybe I'll come across one of those arcade cabinets some day that have that rumoured ""proper"" Q*bert!Maybe. Some day.The criticism may be fully justified. The controls may not work well (though I have not experienced any problems on the keyboard), the port of the classic mode may not be top notch (though I have no complaints), and there may be some bugs in the ""rebooted"" mode with the campaign (which I have not met), but let me tell you: it'sstillfun!I do hope too that the game gets a better re-release that every Q*bert afficionado would be happy with, but as it stands, this is a perfectly playable version of Q*bert that anyone interested in arcade/puzzle games or video game history who wants to know what Q*bert was about will likely enjoy. Especially with such a price tag."
,Not Recommended,285960,27560015,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,greyseal,"Q*bert might be my favorite of the classic arcade games of my youth. I love the mind-bending perspective and the puzzle-game aspect to getting all the cubes lit correctly.But this version is a tragedy. I got it on sale for barely more than a dollar, and it wasn't worth it.I figured it was worth a few dollars just to have the original game on hand. But the classic arcade version is completely mangled, with oddly fuzzy graphics and muted sound effects. It controls ok, but there's something really off about the emulation here, and you can find better ports elsewhere.The ""rebooted"" version is criminal. It's not actually clear that the developer has any understanding of what made the original game so brilliant to begin with. The transition to hexagonal platforms is perplexing for a number of reasons. Apart from destroying the three-way symmetry of the original pryamid (which is what allowed for enemies like Ugg and Wrong-Way to behave the way they did), it also means that Q*bert can choose from six different directions instead of the original four, and the controls are not remotely up to the task. They are mushy and imprecise, and going in the right direction feels like a matter of chance. You'll be fed up well before you bother to notice how boring and poorly animated the enemies are.The game also comes with unforgiveable user interface problems. Despite being a simple reboot of an arcade game, the menus navigate poorly with a controller. And if you're playing on something like Steam Link without a mouse handy, you'll have to deal with a cursor arrow sitting in the middle of the screen unless you grab the mouse and move it out of the way first.I love Q*bert, and I think he deserves a return to the spotlight (apart from being dejected and homeless in Wreck It Ralph). But it's not going to happen if he keeps getting plastered across broken software like this. A shoddy effort that wouldn't even be worth adding to your library if it were free."
76561197990562257,Recommended,285960,34363044,Posted: 19 August,all,BW,"It's Qbert, what more can you ask for?"
