user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,285980,12600791,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Blindlight,"Kromaia exceeded my expectations. This is not a strictly on-rails shooter like Rez, Starfox or Space Harrier. Think all of the above, with the freedom of movement of Descent: Pitch, yaw, strafe in all directions, boost, and barrel roll through a storm of geometry and AI that adapt to you. A 3D compass and level design that rewards your intuition keep you on track. Although the game is listed as third person, the view can be toggled between stationary 3rd as well as 1st person. The controls are intuitive, but also remappable. It's possible to ignore some axes for simpler handling, while experts can enjoy pushing the limits of motion or even customising the thrust physics. The plot is enigmatic and the immense soundtrack fits perfectly, guiding you steadily towards... something... the answer to an unknown question. The boss fights are creative and epic, reminiscent of Star Fox, and playing them with each of the game's 4 ships offers a different challenge (machine gunning the scales off a space snake is straightforward enough, peeling them off point blank with only an energy sword is another matter).One downside to this game for some might be the length-- completion forces you to replay the same four stages with different ships, which although it provides a unique experience still feels a bit too small for a 20 dollar price tag. However, the score attack mode and editable configs the engine uses may be its saving grace and where the replay value resides, and hopefully official expansions are also a possibility. The boss fights are so good one is left wanting more space gods to conquer.More reviews of 6DOF games in the spirit of Descent at:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/6degrees"
,Recommended,285980,13679147,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AlienPickle,"Wow, this is really good stuff.  Surrealist TRON-esque landscape, swarms of enemies, and constant pew pew pew.  Boss fights aren't trivial, but not too frustrating either.  If you like Descent style 6-deg-of-freedom shooter games, this is something you want.  Thankfully it's not bullet-hell level of difficulty."
,Recommended,285980,12644493,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Reese015,Digging it. It's like a free-roaming REZ in many regards. I recommend it.
76561197983276232,Recommended,285980,13324615,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RedSwirl,"This is one of those games where you can tell the developers just smashed together alltheir favorite games. That kind of recipe can often create flat impersonations, but I thinkin the case of KROMAIA the result manages to harness the simple “pew pew” fun ofspace shooters in a very stylish way, if a tad bit unpolished.If after the trailer you aren’t totally sure what KROMAIA is, it looks like REZ (or TRON,take your pick) and controls like DESCENT, but combat lies somewhere between STARFOX and a bullet-hell shoot-em-up in 3D. And you’ll quickly notice the story and worldare pulled almost shamelessly from SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS.Looking at trailers makes the REZ influence the clearest part of KROMAIA, and thegame pushes this as soon as you hit the intro sequence and title screen. The slow mix ofone of the main themes actually reminds me of the original ZONE OF THE ENDERStitle screen. The rest of the music hits a charming place that is usually somewherebetween REZ and space games like DESCENT or FURY3. The part you can’t see untilyou start the game is the COLOSSUS influence.You’re greeted at the beginning by an entity that’s basically a cross between REZ’s Edenand COLOSSUS’s Dormin, who asks you in subtitled garble to go into four “worlds” thatlook like both planetary orbits and computer systems, and kill four “gods.” From thereKROMAIA lightly hints at some deep lore through both dialogue and the environmentsinspired by the aforementioned two games. I chose to disregard most of it, but it makesfor some neat themes to think about while playing. The presence of six-degrees-offreedomcontrols however make KROMAIA’s worlds essentially function like outerspace, just digitized. It’s an interesting mix and a fitting cover that eventually reveals ablend between western space simulator and Japanese rail shooter gameplay, balanced abit more towards the latter.What some people may find odd is, despite KROMAIA’s flight being fully 3D, most ofthe enemies act like they’re in a rail shooter. They usually automatically fly in front ofyou and sit there for you to dodge and target. Navigating the world may require 6DOFskills, but dealing with enemies typically means dodging projectiles headed towards thescreen and properly tracking enemy movements with rapid-fire weapons, eventuallyreaching bullet-hell territory. The way enemies track you makes it basically impossibleto dodge around them. KROMAIA even has structures that look like you should flythrough them like in a rail shooter, but the 6DOF controls just let you bypass themcompletely. Players expecting a funky-looking DESCENT or TERMINAL VELOCITYmight be disappointed. Players looking for a STAR FOX type of thing will probably bemore satisfied.A really interesting thing KROMAIA does is give you a completely new ship and set ofweapons upon first entering each level, and the adjustment period feels fresh each time.The fourth weapon set in particular threw me for a loop. I won’t spoil it, but it’ssomething I never expected to see in a 3D space shooter, and using it is a hugeadjustment. After unlocking all four you have to beat each level with each. This restartsthe learning process because of the enemies distinct to each world. I’m not sure whetherit was a good idea for the game to force you to play each level four times. It would havemade for a nice extra feature if you didn’t have to.One thing I really like KROMAIA’s handling of is item placement and secrets. It’s part ofwhat makes it feel like older, simpler space shooters (both western and Japaense). Eachlevel contains secret items that are pretty cleverly hidden, some of them behind doorsrequiring hidden keys. Each level also contains “dungeons” where you fight enemieswho drop almost the only health items you’ll find. It all adds a nice classic actionadventure feel to KROMAIA. Oh, and this game’s tutorials are just optional nodes to hit-- something far too few games to these days. Finishing the game unlocks a score attackmode with its own completely unique area.There are parts to KROMAIA that make you question whether the game knows what itwants to be, but it’s still a really unique mix of genres and influences that I’m really gladsomeone decided to make."
76561197970818678,Recommended,285980,14771124,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Nypyren?!?!,"Interesting game for a short while.  TL;DR:  Good game, but it's more like a $5 game than a $20 game.  I suggest waiting for sales before buying.This review is based on the 1.0K version of the game.  There have been patches since then, so some of this information may be out of date.  The developers release patches and additions periodically.Content Quantity:- Only four levels and a ""hub"" map.  They're big but mostly empty.  It reminds me of like an old DOS game called Echelon.- Four ships to choose from, three unlocked by beating the first three levels.- And then you have to beat all other ship+level combinations, too (total of 16 ""missions"").  The challenge changes since the ships have totally different weapon styles, but it's mostly just repetetive.- I did two full playthroughs in about 11 hours.  A lot of that was hunting for secrets.  There's not that much content.  You can speedrun each level in 5 minutes if you just dodge enemies and go straight for checkpoints.Style:- Graphics remind me of Tron - lots of glowing, solid, colored shapes.  It's typically much easier to see what's going on than what the store screenshots show.- I love the main theme music (main menu and orange level) and the boss fight music.  The soundtrack is stored in plain .ogg files that you can get out of the game's data folders.- I enjoyed the timeless, ominous and mysterious feel to the story.Gameplay:- Combat isn't very interesting.  You have 6 degree-of-freedom controls, two weapons (primary and secondary) that change per ship, and an afterburner (which works in all directions, not just forwards).- You have a multi-layered shield bubble.  They have some kind of damage-per-second threshold, after which they pop.  This can be caused by enemy's weapons (which all glow in a specific color that you will know to avoid), or from high speed collisions.  Low-speed collisions typically will not pop a shield unless you're also struck by enemy fire.- Colliding with things in general SUCKS even if you don't lose a shield, because it will usually cause your ship to rotate erratically, disorienting you.- There is an unlockable grappling hook which is kind of neat but unusable for any real purpose that I could determine.  It's fun to mess with, though, since it follows the rules of the physics engine - allowing you to pull things or be pulled by things.- Enemies are predictable, but some are extremely difficult to deal with.- There is a boss at the end of each level, and all but the stationary one are well designed fights.- It's similar to a shmup (vertically scrolling shooter/bullet hell) but in full 3D, and instead of attacking from all directions which would be too difficult to deal with, enemies almost always move out in front of you before they attack regardless of which way you turn, making your ability to turn and move in any direction mostly meaningless.  It's not like Descent where enemies would happily shoot you from behind.- There are afterburner power-ups, shield restoring power-ups, secret collectibles, and that's it.- There is limited exploration for collectible secrets, but there is almost no point to them.- There is little to no motivation to kill enemies instead of avoiding them while speedrunning each level to kill the boss at the end.  Enemies are not fast enough to keep up with you and shoot at you at the same time.- The only things you gain permanently in the game are points and collectible secrets.  Points give you levels, but levels only decrease your secondary weapon cooldown (it's a very minor bonus that you won't notice change between each level).  Getting all collectible secrets give you a fifth ship once you beat the game, but that ship is currently just an upgraded version of the starting ship.Bugs- I didn't encounter any major bugs in the game.  It's rock solid."
,Recommended,285980,13619891,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Benedict,"OMG Kromaia is amazing - Kromaia basically directly plugs into the pleasure center of my brain.Gameplay/controls wise plays like Descent (6 DOF physics based shooter) while being its own game - a space shooter physics-heavy bullet-hell-shmup with a good dash of norse-mayan-legend-tron-aesthetic.The music, enemies patterns and swarms, graceful movement are entrancing (and entering a meditative state while playing definitely seems to help me!).The videos do it justice, so I wont describe the gameplay more than simply saying it plays as good as it looks in the vids, I find it simply brilliant, and if the videos look even vaguely interesting to you that you should give it a go.Special note: The devs are very responsive in adding options (eg for graphics), discussing control scheme options etc - this is a game which is already great and will improve with age."
76561198065066248,Recommended,285980,13108548,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jack Frost,"Kromia is Shadow of the Colossus blasted through a warp portal and transformed into a high-speed bullet-hell extravaganza where planets spin to the rhythm of a techno beat.The game begins with a message from a disembodied voice that calls itself ""Mother."" She has a vendetta against four gods who have somehow wronged her. She gives you a task. Kill them. To fulfill her wish, you must journey through neon-drenched dreamscapes that are strewn with strange ruins and populated by abstract machine-creatures intent upon destroying you.Luckily, mother doesn’t send you on your quest for revenge without the proper attire needed for committing godocide. Your first “armor,"" as the ships are called, can obliterate swarms of enemies and weave deftly past obstacles.  And for every ""divine"" corpse you produce, you are rewarded with a new armor. Each comes equipped with a unique weapon of mass destruction--ranging from a shotgun-like scatter shot to an energy disc that can slice through multiple foes. These tools are distinct enough to require modifying one's playstyle. Put these features together with the game's adaptive enemey AI, and the result is exciting (and challenging!) shmup gameplay.Good gameplay is essential for any successful shmup, but Kromaia offers more than fast ships, cool enemies, and big explosions. Kromaia is an aesthetic marvel: it creates an atmosphere of wonder that few games manage to capture. Mother’s ominous commands are cryptic alien echoes. Armors are an anatomy of moving, detailed parts. Gods are mechanical behemoths slumbering among the pillars of temples that float on a sea of stars. All these elements add up to a unique game that should be experienced not only by shmup fans but also by anyone who enjoys gaming.Kromaia is one of the best releases of 2014. It's a hidden gem here on Steam. Buy it."
76561198111381740,Recommended,285980,13333800,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PixelPiledriver,"This game makes me say ♥♥♥♥ repeatedly.In a good way.+ Amazing sense of scale+ It's fun to fly around! Whooooooooooooosh!+ Tons of enemies that hate you+ Bosses are pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly good+ Not impossible but not too easy, juuust riiiiiiight+ Exploration is rewarded+ Love the art+ Controls are comfortable+ Pretty much a mind ♥♥♥♥- Very blurry, would be nice to be able to adjust or turn that off- Wish there were some other temporary powerups, seems like every drop is Advanced Boost :|- Minor gripe, but an asteroid radar would useful for when flying backwards...High five to the crazy♥♥♥♥♥mofo devs.Would definitely buy DLC for this or their next game.Will you like it?Dunno.Kinda depends on if you like having your face ♥♥♥♥ed by a trippy♥♥♥♥♥shooter.I sure do.PS:You don't need glasses.That's just the ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,285980,13272602,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,yuru,"Extremely addicting, challenging and fun to play spaceship tron style shooter. I love how the simplystic style confuses you at first but forces you to figure out stuff on your own. Reminds me of strike vector but with a much much better artstyle and sound/music department.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TybW9rqDU38"
76561197967070224,Recommended,285980,14413698,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Darkstar,I have had fun so far. Kinda reminds me of an open world starfox. Could use a better tutorial. 7/10
,Recommended,285980,14987858,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"The controls are nice althoughit might be best to readjust your mouse sensitivity in the options first, the graphics are surreal and can be confusing but there is a setting called ""glow"" which fixes that, the sounds are OK as well. Basically, this game is a tron arcade descent. If thats what you're looking for then I recommend it. Aside from that, the goal seems to be collecting 20 pieces of some jump drive thing in each level while fighting off increasingly stronger enemies."
,Not Recommended,285980,13440004,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Langis,"Just a mess, a complete mess. Too much bloom, too much crap on the screen, too much shaking. The blue ship is the only true difficulty.EDIT: Devs seem like really nice people"
76561198277698364,Recommended,285980,32215746,Posted: 6 June,all,djrayjim,"I very much enjoy this game and it has my full recommendation. There is one nitpick I have, and that would be the lack of a camera change option that the PS4 version has. Again, phenomenal game, it is just odd that it is missing that feature"
76561198065864756,Recommended,285980,24194877,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DebrisHauler,"Awesome game! Complete control over all axes of movement and rotation feels very nice. The gameplay is intense and crowded, but it is also possible to explore and find secrets at calmer times. There is some incentive to play the game more than once."
,Recommended,285980,13989677,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Treadlight,Aaahhh!  Oh my goodness I love this game.It's a 6DOF arcade shooter with a lovely aesthetic.  I don't think this sort of game has ever been made before.
76561198095424346,Recommended,285980,16927272,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Neight,"This is a really fun and interesting game!! The controls are absolutly the best part of the game. You can fly through the crazy, psychedelic world with complete control of your ship. And on top of that the boss battles are challenging and fun. I highly recomend this game."
76561198026138231,Recommended,285980,22038022,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,robert.blane,"I have had this game since the first day it appeared on Steam and never once have I been disappointed in the way it plays, sure the game is hard but not...impossible and Kromaia does have an enormous amount of replayability. Graphics are amazing (retro styled) and sound is good to excellent.  I like the breathtaking speed which you can extract out of the game and there is so much going on both onscreen and offscreen (all angles are catered for) and when things get hectic, you sometimes have to run like hell to stay out of trouble. This game needs a dedicated group for those who treasure and love this game and the game seriously needs some DLC for more levels. I am not asking for a sequel as Kromaia is an amazing stand-alone title that has risen above all other 6DOF games to become a classic. I wish more people knew about Kromaia but sometimes word of mouth is the best marketing tool and as with all classic games which mature Kromaia will become legendary. Worth every penny.  Verdict - must buy! - 11/10 - unmissable.  This review is a tribute to both the game and the amazing developers.  'nuff said."
,Not Recommended,285980,27884167,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,"Bought this game because it looked cool and hoped it would be kinda like Descent, I guess?Well, the controls are wonky (probably fixable), but the gameplay itself is a mess. It's really just a test of ""how long before you die to the enemies at some random time because you can't really do much about it, and hope you get to the next checkpoint so that you don't have to repeat this particular section"".There isn't really much sense of control here. You just die from time to time, and then you go forward and hope you don't die before you reach the next checkpoint.So it's kinda boring, never finished it."
,Recommended,285980,32008187,Posted: 27 May,all,XenarTrem,"Good game mechanics, but still needs some work. The colors make depth perception difficult.Also the game hijacks the mouse even when it doesn't have the focus."
,Recommended,285980,26476954,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cabadiah,"Quite possibly one of the most functional 3D shoot-em-ups I've ever seen. The player is given a great range of control of the ship, allowing you to zip around and take ridiculous paths through the environments, The music has a pretty good range between calm, atmospheric tracks when first entering a stage before combat starts, to ramping it up a few notches when blasting your way around.The environments themselves are full of sharp geomoetric shapes, cubes, and abstract machinery that always finds a way to look interesting, not to mention be exciting and terrifying with its sheer size and emptiness. There are points where you will be warned that you're going out-of-bounds, but it's still neat to try and probe each stage to see just how far you can go. Not only are the stages nice to look at, but there are plenty of hidden objects, rooms, and items to find, though you're probably better off exploring before you start combat so you're not being swarmed by enemies.There are a few problems, however, namely dealing with combat and general gameplay. Almost all of the enemies and their movement is based on tracking the player, so they will constantly rubber-band their way around the place based on what direction you're facing or in which direction you're actually moving, and while it can be predictable, some enemies take entirely too long to settle down so you can pick them off and get them out of the way, and some enemies have attacks that are nearly unavoidable because their tracking is just too spot-on.Couple this with the fact that there are only two pick-ups in the entire game that enemies can drop, one being an advanced boost with a limited capacity, and the other being a single shield point, with the player's max being four units, the length of the stages and amount of enemies seems a little unfair.This can get really obnoxious because you'll be picking up tons of boost pick-ups that you don't need, meanwhile barely hanging on with only one hit-point left, only to eventually get knocked out by a stray bullet or asteroid and being set back a few checkpoints. The drop-rate for the shield unit is so low that it might as well not even exist as an item, because it's not really dependable at all.Another problem is that while the environments are neat and there's plenty to see and do, you're gonna get sick of them after you realize that you need to go through each stage four times, one time for each of the four weapons you unlock. Not only does it get repetitive, but some of the weapons just aren't well-balanced for certain bosses and feel a little unpolished. With one boss and weapon combination in particular, the weapon deals so little damage over time that it's hard to determine where or what its weak-point is, whereas the first two bosses have more obvious weak-points that change color dependant on the weapon you're using.With the different weapons to unlock and the extra items to collect throughout the game, it teases the player into thinking there will be more abilities to use, but SPOILER ALERT: there's only one unlockable ability, as well as five different weapons. Outside of that one ability, the rest of the items are just collectibles, and the ability you unlock is honestly more dangerous than helpful in a lot of cases, being a grappling hook that can bring you up to insane speeds and potentially kill you.All in all, Kromaia is a pretty neat exploration of the concept of a fast-paced 3D shoot-em-up, with great presentation and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,285980,26461459,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sami,20 min review:nice 6dof checkpoint racing all-range-mode abstract space shooterforgiving shield system allows for a few mistakesdowntempo pace helps with ridiculously hectic settingnice work on the 3d objective compassrecommend (esp. w/ joysticks)
76561198107448939,Recommended,285980,31430412,Posted: 28 April,all,mayito3733,"Fun and addictive, but unforgivingly difficult at times."
76561198185783725,Recommended,285980,31814668,Posted: 17 May,all,fuchistar,Great atmosphere and game
,Not Recommended,285980,13376382,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Disclaimer: the opinion below is not written from the point of view of a Kromaia fan/player and is not generally intended for narrow-perspective Kromaia fans/players. If you are offended by criticism, non-worshipping approach to your favorite game, or opinions that do not match your own, do not read any further.I rarely write negative reviews but this is one of few games that none of my friends has ever played, so I feel obliged to let them know some of my impressions.In my desperate search of a de(s)cent (!) 6-axis shooter, I gave Kromaia a shot. But except for cool and stylish menus, promising an intelligent design, this game doesn't work for me on many levels. The controls are unbalanced (e.g. rolls much faster than yaws and pitches), the geometry is clumsy (what's the fun with so much randomly floating debris?), the level design is virtually nonexistent - you can't tell the scale of anything; the in-game UI is particularly calling for vengeance. Last thing, the story is pure babble (but at least this shouldn't matter in a bullet hell game).I find particularly misleading that the artwork of this game shows some clear and crisp geometry with lots of style and sometimes an extra outline, while in-game everything is badly blurred.As much as I wish the developers all the best, I suggest giving this game (even) more playtesting. I'm sorry for them not having won their kickstarter campaign, as I like very much the idea of this game."
