user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198364093310,Recommended,285920,32563967,Posted: 19 June,all,meronamsamho69,"Overall a good game which you can spend huge amounts of time on and still have tons of stuff to do. Some issues keep reading9/10Pros-open world-fun fast paced combat-isnt some stupid pay to play game like robo craft or watever tht shtty game is called-easy to get  good but takes a long time to master-money isnt to get and only a few hours of farming are needed to get a large amount of it-very addicting theres always stuff to do-they have awesome game modes like creative mode, sumo (smackdowns between huge geocorp builds) and gauntlet (racing techs u can build with whatever u want for FREE and race themon awesome tracks with traps and ramps.Cons-Grindy(whether ur fighting or farming ur gonna spend a lot of grinding out resources if u want to get anywhere)-PRICES (this one is the worse in and hour of farming ores and other techs i got about 10k money, pretty good right, no the items in this game arent even worth buying from the shop u should just try stealing them from other tech because the prices are insane. A stupid geocorp diamond tipped drill which isnt even that good cost 1200 and a single 4x4 geocorp block costs 800, 800!!! for a basic building block. Also items sell for 1/10 of there buy price which totally sucks cuz u have farm for hours to get enough money to build a decent tech. PROBLEM IS BY THAT TIME UVE AQUIRED ENOUGH BLOCKS FROM THE TECHS UVE DESTROYED TO BUILD ANOTHER PLANET.-Bugs, my wheels get stuck in anchored blocks, my drills get stuck under the trading station and randomly a block on my base with fly off and mach speed. mostly these issues are minor and u can get ur tech unstuck by pressing b and if that doesnt work just remove the stuck block, move ur tech away and reatach it.So basicly fix the pricing and selling system and were all goodOh ya and wtf is with the stupid AI module that doesnt even move costing almost 4000 money"
,Recommended,285920,14430447,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Nulwin,"A first impression of TerraTech: You begin life as a tiny car, with nothing more than a cab, a block, four wheels, and a machine gun.You destroy a number of other vehicles and attach their remaining parts to upgrade and repair yours, as well as find AI and Cab blocks for allied vehicles and turrets, you may be able to build a larger base through this.You may have realised by now that you are the Borg. You will add their technological distinctiveness to your own.They will be assimilated."
,Recommended,285920,17255368,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The original slothy bastard,"What the hell 2015?! Last year we had some of the most wretched and weak indie early access games I've ever seen and you turn around and give us not only a good year of gaming but a good year for indies?! Oh my god I've found 5 back to back indies that I'm in love with. And this jumped up to my number one spot.What do you get for this one? A challenge. You don't respawn with all your blocks when you die, you get to earn the right to get those blocks back. There's a complex resource system of harvesting, refining, transporting and sending out. You get to set up complex conveyor systems to transfer your hordes of resources over to the cannons to shoot them into orbit to what I assume is a fleet.The construction in this game smacks a little of minecraft and a LOT of robocraft. Which is a good thing! If you're going to take inspiration from something make it a good thing. THis game is still early access so there's a lot missing and still a TON present. You can make speedy road warriors that run off hit and run attacks or you can build these GIANT bulldozers to just grind over the resources and suck them up into your hoppers for transport back to base. OR DO WHAT I DID AND MAKE MY ENTIRE REFINING SECTION ON MY BACK. You think sloth's carry algae on their back? Nah man I carry an entire industry on my back.So for the music its extremely limited so far, but its definitely an irish themed tune so far with the sort of jaunty cheer you'd expect from irish music. Its fun its happy and there's so much color that the music simply brings it all together.8/10 so far with the possibility of becoming a 9 or even a ten. Try the demo then buy the game because it gets even better."
76561198055459299,Recommended,285920,18244698,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Socio,"First i'll say that i considered this game only minutes after seeing the youtuber Jacksepticeye play this. watched a couple more videos, looked at the price tag, and bought it. I have to say that even thoush this is an early access game, this is a $40 to $45 dollar game if i were the one to monetize it, with a huge amount of room to expand further and further. i can only imagine what the devs and the possible future steam workshop will deliver in added content. This game hints at the game spore. with some of its art styles and even a similarity in the storyline, fighting, searching for parts, and then getting resources in order to use those parts, like spore. This game is very original though, at a first glance it might seem a bit used, BUT when you get into it and start playing, youll see just how wide and varied the game mechanics are. i was even a little intimidated by its depth at first. I have not spent a huge amount of time playing this game yet, so i will add a new comment by the end of the week. This game looks insanely promising and im glad i can be, if even a small one, a part of its growth. This game will go far."
76561198154661444,Recommended,285920,28593264,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,aidynmaster,"Any Early Access game that listens to its community is worth buying.  This is one such game.Since I've bought this game around 15 months ago, I've been in a love/hate relationship with it.  I've gone from a positive review, to a negative review, back to a positive review, and now I'm hopefully putting my final word on this...When I first found this game it was like the re-creation of childhood memories of playing with K'nex and legos, building starships and vehicles and battling it out.  It was a concept I wanted to program into a game myself in my early adult life but still haven't laid a finger on understanding 3D graphics.  The hype was real.  I look at the minimum requirements...crap.  I seriously need to upgrade.  I buy it anyway...it runs, choppily, and I play the hell of out for a few months and love it to pieces.  I build a rather large tech I dubbed Juggernaut with an onboard scrapper, refineries, furnace generators, and delivery cannons.  I clash titan to titan with twitter invasions.  I'd almost say the 3 fps slideshow due to my outdated computer made it more cinematic.  I studied flight for days to build a successful quadcopter.  I merrily flew around the entire planet, stopping occasionally to collect loot pedestals before blasting off again.Then the road got bumpy.  Probably even more so due to own obsession with flight and ambitious base building.  I remind you this is anEarly Accessrelease, and save breaking updates are bound to happen eventually.  But the problem here was...they happenedeveryupdate.  Even when they weren't supposed to get broken...mine got broken.  I had a bit of an obsession with flight at the time as well, and getting the parts I needed to rebuild that quadcopter or other key components like lightweight venture brackets could be an absolute nightmare.  Then the bugs came...oh dear lord, the bugs!  I've never sent so many crash reports before.  I backed off for a while, gave the devs some time work out issues.It was around when the SCU saw an official release that I made a return to TerraTech.  I was like ""You mean I don't have to pile junk in my front yard anymore?!""  Around that time the game went on sale, and I feel like they might have pushed an update out early for it because several blocks were missing in the SCU's GUI and it would gobble them up never to be seen again if you threw them in there.  Oh...that and the Megaton Cannon.  The devs decided to completely destroy any balance they had with weapons when they gave the Megaton Cannon a large explosion radius andshield piercing.  Anything you build...kiss it goodbye should you roll up to someone with a few of these game breakers on their tech and you don't have one to shoot them with first.   It was at this point I changed my formerly positive review to a negative one.Fast forward to present day and this positive review.-Updates breaking saves?  Gone.  If not fully compatible, won't corrupt the save file giving you a chance to save your techs and bases to purchaseable snapshots.-Megaton Cannons?  Nerfed.  A lot.-Bugs?  The devs called the Orkin man.-New Hawkeye Corporation with actual helicopters (imagine my excitement with my quadcopter obsession >.>)-More aggressive turret AI.-Guns attempt to fire at an enemy from further away, intelligently arching their firing solution for maximum reach.  It's always been a thing but less noticable due to the range they would target an enemy.-New crafting system as well as crafting for all 4 corporations.  Now as long as you get a high enough license grade with a corporation you can effortlessly unlock all of their blocks.-Unlocking blocks in general is SO MUCH EASIER.-Multiplayer is in the works and should see a release inFebruary-MarchDelayed for the sake of focusing on content, but not forgotten.So to sum up...buy it.And devs, if you read this little wall of text, can we please get enemy techs to spawn with FULL batteries?Done.Edits for the typos.Added 6/8/17So I went back on this today on the latest unstable branch and was greatly pleased by the increased difficulty.  A GSO grade 4 mission actually felt dangerous as I had to fire my boosters and flee as I was greatly outgunned by 3 shielded opponents.  I'd normally only get to face shields against invasion techs, it's wonderful to see full batteries!  I actually had to add more guns to survive a fight for once.  Oh, and speaking of boosters...their benefit was normally unnoticeable and fuel capacity too little to ever care about.  Now I'll never take them off.  I even got to explore a lovely new biome."
76561198298731531,Recommended,285920,32136149,Posted: 2 June,all,Wario | csgolive.com,Great Game just frustrating when you die and have to rebuild your tech
76561198063149553,Recommended,285920,17552193,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,FOUR,"this game is fantastic, you can do anything you imagine but its a bit boring playing alone... please add multiplayer <3"
76561198041033021,Recommended,285920,18808374,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,master_blaster,"I love this game. But the developers are sub par. They keep focusing on new features instead of fixing the show stopping bugs that make it crash constantly and corrupt your save file so you have to start from the beginning after 15 minutes of play.  How hard is it to write data to a save file? What? do you have multiple threads hitting it at once with out any locking? pretty newb stuff right there. My suggestion , so that you don't tank a really good idea for a game, do a feature freeze until you done what ever refactoring necessary to address the issues so you get a playable game instead of what I assume are band-aid fixes all over the place."
76561197995481246,Recommended,285920,22005947,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rocksteady,"This is how Early Access should be done. Take note, other developers.If you are reading reviews you already know what kind of game this is.  If you don't then watch the videos or check out others on YouTube.  This review is more about the developers, the state of the alpha, and the general experience of TerraTech.Early Access is a crapshoot.  Every developer makes promises of awesome features, steady updates, listening to player feedback, etc.  Most of them fall short of these goals, some fall far shorter than others.  In my experience there are three types of Early Access developer:Group 1: The Real Deal.  These people make promises that they know they can keep, or have a very reasonable, educated expectation that they can keep them.  These are the developers who know what they are doing, have a plan, and know how to make it all work.  They have the drive and motivation to get their game out there and they look forward to feedback from the community.  They are skilled game designers and passionate gamers and they exemplify what Early Access is meant to be. This is like the big holiday dinner at your grandmother's house when you were a kid.  The food is great, its prepared with care and skill, and you feel welcomed and wanted.Group 2: MEDIOCRE. This group of Early Access developer has some skill, but no soul.  They usually fail to meet some of the stated goals and they almost never involve the community in the decision making process.  They might end up with a playable game or they might not, but the process is often painful for everyone involved.  Updates come slowly and fans don't really feel involved in the process in any meaningful way. Sometimes they make sweeping changes to the structure of the game that result in an experience very different from what the fans paid for. This is like cheap fast food.  It was made by someone who doesn't care about the food, doesn't care about you, and will almost certainly ""forget"" the extra pickles you asked for.Group 3: The Snake Oil Salesmen. These developers are one step above criminals.  They are the bottom of the barrel, the worst that Early Access has to offer.  They grossly oversell their game often with little or no idea how to live up to the promises.  They gladly collect the money, release a few half-hearted updates, then disappear into the night.  They often treat upset fans with unwarranted hostility and they usually leave the game totally unfinished. These developers can be criminal or incompetent...or more likely, a lot of both. This is like a street vendor in a shady part of town.  They are selling burritos filled with meat of indeterminate origin and they only take small bills. You might get a decent meal, or you might spend the next 12 hours doing a reenactment of ""The Exorcist,"" but from both ends. Either way, when you return to the spot where you found the food cart you will see only a deserted lot.TerraTech is at the top of Group 1.  The developers are active in the community, they listen to public opinion and let it gently guide their decision making process, and they are very, very active with updating the game.  When I first started playing this game I found the tutorials a little hard to follow and the world was a little too harsh.  Within a day or two an update was released that clarified the starting quests and made starting out a touch easier.  After getting a feel for the game I found that over time the game slows down due to an excessive amount of spare parts floating around the map.  The very day I went to the forums to complain I see that a new update was released that adds a new block that sucks up all the spare bits and keeps the map clean.  Today I get on and see that they released yet another update that fixes some other minor issues the community has been complaining about.If you browse the discussions you will see the developers out there talking to people, answering questions, taking suggestions, and engaging the public.  They don't just shake hands and kiss babies, they are there to work with the fans to make the game better."
,Recommended,285920,16240422,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[PjA]Tails,"This game is what you'd get if you put Space Engineers, Minecraft, and Robocraft into a blender, and it's every bit as amazing as that makes it sound. You build a base, destroy enemies, and use their parts to upgrade your stuff. You explore the world and gather resources to make yourself bigger and badder, and the enemies just scale along for the ride. You can build an amazing plethora of machines. Giant harvesting/refining rigs? Check. Tiny, speedy buggies and planes? Check. Huge monstrosities devoted to flipping enemy machines and laughing at them? Yup. Crazy machines with shields, self-healing armor...all well within your grasp if you're willing to dream them up. Even in early access, the game already has an amazing amount of content, only compounded by the community interaction. Remember in Spore how your creation could appear in other people's games, and theirs in yours? Yep, TerraTech does that. Enemy contraptions can 'invade' your world, forcing you to face off against other machines similar in size and power to your own, crafted by mad scientists and explorers the world over. 10/10 experience, highly recommended. If any of this sounds pleasing to you, try the demo (but don't judge too harshly just based on the demo, it's missing a -lot- of features.)"
76561198014210808,Recommended,285920,16765448,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,rustyleftnut92,"I love the game, but if I were to make changes to it they would be as follows:- Please for the love of all things good, give us a break when we get killed. Even if i't just sixty seconds to rebuild or something. I'm tired of respawning and putting on my first or second block only to see that way in the distance, my base is getting wrecked or that an enemy is zooming straight at me.- Allow us to have some falling momentum (press a direction key while in the air) out of build mode (when you're levetating). This way if we get trapped on an object on our base, we don't have to tear up the base to get unstuck.Otherwise, the game is fun, unique, and doesn't have many bugs for the stage of development it's in."
,Recommended,285920,16689867,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Breaker,I bought a copy of this game during the Steam sale and within a few hours knew I was hooked.  My four year old son also was watching me and wanted to play.  So finally I purchased a copy for him as well on his steam account.  here is a video of him playing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMfiGLLnASw&feature=youtu.beBecause of the way the developer adding instructions of how to play as very easy to read words he is learning to read while playing.  He has some trouble with the camera angles but he was blowing up bad guys in minutes.  He keeps starting over and loves creating and visiting his home base.  Thank you so much for building such a great game.  DEV: contact me for more info about children playing games.  Your game would work well in this arena and could do well in the homeschooling world.The game is very engagement and I look forward to maybe a multiplayer in the future.  I have a few screen shots on my mega robot with 8 sheilds and 6 healing bubbles that has never died.  It can harvest $1000BB in less than 30 seconds and only looses the same five pieces in every fight.  I sectioned off there bays resources for cash creation and one bay for fuel to never need to recharge and one bay for resource development to craft new items.  (All on one mega bot)  I also really enjoy seeing the creations of other people when they INVADE my system.I highly suggest this game for any minecraft fan or robocraft fan.  The ability to take the parts from another robot and add it to your own mid fight is awesome and really elevates this game over many others.
76561198145722853,Recommended,285920,24358805,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SecretWhiteCorndawg,"In my opinion, this is one of the most addicting games I've played.This game with the name of 'TerraTech' has a whole ton of pros, and I think the cons and things that could be added can improve the game experience vastly. Here are my opinions;(70% Like)Pros:- Enjoyable and pleasing to the eye.- Really good AI's- Endless Possibilities- No Limit On Creativity- Access To twitter- Big World- AddictingCons:- Sometimes Laggy- Slow Movement (WASD) Response- Only SinglePlayerImprovements/Things To Add:- Ability To Play In A World With Other People (To invite friends to your game)- Maybe adding a minigun? Except Will Be Rare- Adding Clans Or Groups (Not like the GSO Corp stuff, I'm talking about human team vs human team robot fighting)- Clans/Groups against another Clan/Group- Ability To Paint Your Robot"
,Recommended,285920,16777423,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,vultron101,"Absolutely the most addictive, joyful, unique game in a while and the developers are fantastic...they offer constant support and updates and the game is still in Beta. Love it!"
,Recommended,285920,32060506,Posted: 30 May,all,Megaboi582,"I love this game. The feel of progression and exploration is amazing. The art style is something of a wonder, too. The ability to create whatever you want sells it for me."
,Recommended,285920,17238246,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Herriandildiahn BPS,"This game is AMAZING. its: Creative, fun,addictive, it has CARS, it has GUNS, it has KILLING, it has EXPLOSIONS, it has EXPLORING, it has BUILDING. it has MINING, it has DISCOVERING,IT HAS MUSIC,  it has EVERYTHING from EVERY ELEMENT OF MY FAV GAMES. buy this NOW try it out, and also support Terra Tech on patreon!https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/payloadstudios/terratech-physics-based-vehicle-construction-and-cTerraTech if your reading this, i love this game..and the music. the music is cool too :3"
76561198205183841,Recommended,285920,18436095,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chocomunchies,fun gameits awesome but i think terratech should lower the game down to $10 or at least $15
,Recommended,285920,23358495,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,death,"After 50 hours of playing this game, I can honestly say that this is a must have for anyone who enjoys customisation and base building.Pros:You Can Build Base TechsInfinite Amount Of Different Techs Can Be BuiltRandom Boss Battles Keep The Game IntrestingVery Satisfying When Refining And Selling MaterialsUsing Guns Instead Of Wheels To Move The TechsCons:Generic Play World With Basically Two Enviroments, Flat Or Hilly With Trees.The Wheels Are Not Strong Enough To Support The Massive Techs You Want.The Harvesting AI Will Get Stuck Alot.Story Is Not Really A Story But Thats Not What This Game Is AboutOverall:This Game Is Great Overall But Has A Few Flaws That Are Quite Annoying,  Im Sure As Development Continues These Bugs Will Be Fixed And More Features Will Be Added. If You Want To Make Giant Robots That Destroy Anything In Their Path This Game Is For You.Notes:Some People Commented On Lag, I Have Had No Lag Thus Far Using A Tri-X R9 290, And 8gb Of RamRawrIf The Game Says It Has A Problem Close It, You Don`t Want To Corrupt Your Save.Rip Save 2016-2016"
76561198002567771,Recommended,285920,17912842,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Xenus Icelon,"Early access mini-reviewSince it's early access and I don't know the devs(They are active on steam forum and are taking feedback, they seem good), I'm not giving it a full review. Instead, I'll just list some good points and flawsIn short, TerraTech lets you build your own little robot and harvest resources/fight other robots. Worth the price? I don't think so at the moment, but the game itself is alright, really.Some cons do existPros:It's got very basic and simple to learn gameplay.A nice generated world to exploreBuilding your own baseLets you be creative with base and botsCons:Simple, barely any sort of advanced stuff to do. Many things I would consider to be basic must-have blocks do not existBugs still exist, justified because it's an alpha thingNo option to turn respawning resources off(Barely any gameplay options, really, possibly justified because alpha)Optional Twitter integration(You can get around it by manually sharing files, but why not just use Steam for it?)Some kind of blur on looking at things closely. (I have found that this is an option you can thankfully disable)It's alright overall. Maybe they'll improve and grow over time, I'd hope so, it has potential."
76561198149851996,Recommended,285920,17197727,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,lvl 1,Love the game. Hooked to it. Pls add multiplayer :)
76561198130826734,Recommended,285920,28536863,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,shayne_w,"I strongly reccomend this to any one who likes sandbox games. There is a certain aspect of charm, in knowing that you could spend 5 minutes building a tiny, speedy bot that can zip around and scout out new areas, or spend hours making a huge, intricate plane, that can soar out of the reaches of most other techs, and rain down hell upon huge area's.This is by far my favorite sandbox game.Thanks for reading, and i hope you decide to buy the game. you will certainly not regret it."
,Recommended,285920,21379560,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,disreneo,"This game has it's flaws, but it's a nice game to just play when there's nothing else to play. TerraTech is a very simple yet sometimes challenging game that doesn't require too much skill to learn.Pros:-Easy to learn-Basic yet entertaining-Could play for hours on end.Cons:-Buggy, though it is still in development.-Maybe it's just me, but I find that this game has some laggyness when I am sure my computer could handle it. Maybe optimization issues."
76561198110931988,Recommended,285920,17345282,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Selsun [Danger Dolphin],"Terra Tech is a great game even in it's early access stage. The developers may not be crazy about the whole weekly updates but the updates they push out have been very stable and generally contain enough content to hold you off until the next update. This game is moving up and taking a good seat, I would love to see this game go so much further!"
76561198129517602,Recommended,285920,17801030,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,OLLEMEISTER,"Magnificent game in its current state, and huge potential with things such as multiplayer and general polishing."
,Recommended,285920,24444223,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Cactus Samson (buying bowlers),"I love Terra Tech. It is a great game. Many hours of gameplay you never get bored. You can build a base, a new tech, a quad copter, a plane, a hovercraft, race cars, even a race track, a house, garage, and a lot more. The possibilities are endless. BUT, the one issue as you advance in the game is dead blocks scattered around the world! They can cause massive amounts of lag and just make your world look awful. I am not saying do not get this game this review is more of a message I hope I can get to the developers. Please, give us a button which allows us to remove all dead blocks!!!"
76561198121452003,Recommended,285920,33017317,Posted: 29 June,all,Storm | csgoroll.com,"Step 1: Spend countless hours creating the ultimate war machineStep 2: Get swarmed by 5 enemies with shieldsStep 3: Your shield batteries run outStep 4: Your ultimate war machine gets absolutely destroyedStep 5: Drive back to your place of death to scavenge your lost items, only to see them destroyedStep 6: Ragequit"
,Recommended,285920,16744966,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Frazzz,"TerraTech lets you build, create, craft, assemble your units to take on your enemies as you build your base or even better go with a mobile base! The choice is yours and the sheer amount of cutomization is pretty insane. So check it out and dive in for some crazy gaming!TerraTech is everything your imagination can make it and much more, build up whatever you like in squads and take on your enemies with explosive effects"
,Recommended,285920,26644583,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,War Is Life,"Great game right now, and lots of potential for the future.I originally got the game before Venture was fully implemented and have seen this game gain potential throughout. The introduction of the Hawkeye Corporation firmly cemented that belief in my mind.Pros:Unending world- awesome to explore and find new enemies, bases, biomes, etc.Near unlimited building possibilities- even though there is a limit on how big you can build techs (64x64x64 blocks I think), there are still literally millions of different combinations. I have never had two techs that are the same, even though their purpose may be the same.Immense potential- this game can and hopefully will do great in the future. The game developers have confirmed multiplayer, and that will be huge. They also have at least two more unique corporations in mind. They have also expanded the game so much since the first time I played it, that I can't see why the game would bog down now.Flying!- Ok, this is more of my personal thing, but flying in the game is really fun. Only thing is I wish is more effective air-to-ground weapons (other than the over powered Hawkeye Seeker Missiles :D ).Cons:Still in Early Access- this means the game still has quite a few bugs in it. I myself have experienced everything from corrupted save files to glitches techs. However many of these bugs have been fixed, and are being fixed right now.Can rush through corporation grades quite quickly- I have nearly always maxed out 3/4 of the corporations in less than a week of playing (about 2 hours of gaming each night). Once you max the corporations out, the game becomes relatively boring since you no longer need to hunt for new blocks; they all unlock automatically.Limited types of enemies (even with Twitter)- I have encountered all enemies over and over again (some a lot more than others). This is bad when you are trying to find new blocks, especially those just implemented into the game (Hawkeye). Invaders are really the only ways to gain those new blocks, but invaders are quite rare.All in all I have enjoyed the game, and hope to see it gain more steam (no pun intended) in the future. ;)"
76561198211598028,Recommended,285920,30994975,Posted: 7 April,all,[insert_name_here],"In this review, I will be going through the pros and cons of the game. It's quite a lengthy review, but at least it's more comprehensive than just one sentence saying ""it's pretty good"". So, without further ado:CommunityThe devs are really involved with the community. If you have a suggestion for the game, the developers are going to see it. If you find a bug, the devs (especially Adriano ;) ) are gonna hunt it down with a virtual machine gun for you. The community in this game is extremely strong. You even get to actively participate in the creation process of the game - there is a thread in the forums where people upload techs that the devs then showcase and put into the game as actual enemies.GameplayThe gameplay is unique and not boring. It is unique from other ""build-your-own-robot"" games in that there are much less limitations on what you can build, compared to other games similar to this. Some people say it's repetitive. Personally, I think that there is always something to do. For example, I might need to get a certain block, so I harvest the resources to craft the block, head back to my base, fight off an annoying little enemy trying to lay siege to my epic base, craft the block, go complete a mission, and then use the blocks I got from that mission to upgrade by base/tech. It's very fun. TerraTech also now has a creative mode, so if you really want to build whatever you want, you are able to do so!BugsThe game is still in Early Access, so you can expect lots of weird bugs. But as I previously mentioned, the developers are literally working day and night to squish all these bugs. If you don't want a game with lots of unrefined details and random glitches, then maybe you should hold off until the game leaves Early Access. But personally, I haven't really found that many bugs in the game. It's not nearly as bad as some of the negative reviews say it is.LagYou DO need a relatively beefy computer. I have close to minimum specs (if not UNDER minimum, I'm not sure how the specs really work though) and my laptop only plays the game well while it's charging. Even though this is the case, I still love playing this game. It does have a lot of optimisation issues, but the devs are working hard to fix them.CombatSome reviewers have criticised the combat by saying that all it involves is slapping a bunch of guns on your tech. In reality, it's way more complicated than that. In order to make a successful combat tech, you need a big tech. A big tech means it will be slow and bulky, so you have to compromise by putting tons of shields and repair bubbles to protect your tech. But these need batteries, which are explosive and take up a lot of space, which means that..... you get the idea. Just jamming guns onto a tech is not always the answer. There are also at least 25 different types of weapons in the game, to suit every play style.MultiplayerThere is no multiplayer. But if you want multiplayer, then NEVER FEAR! Multiplayer has been worked on for months by the devs and is still a work in progress, so don't complain about the fact that there is no multiplayer currently! Be happy that the devs are constantly working on it. You can expect multiplayer for TerraTech by the end of the year.LemonsALL HAIL THE LEMON KINGDOM! (Ignore this if you haven't played TerraTech before)SummaryIn the end, TerraTech is a very unique game. It is very fun to play and has an extremely strong community, but it is in Early Access and so it still has lots of unrefined details and it has a long way to go until it is complete. But I don't think you will be disappointed by this game if you buy it. It's a great game to play, it really encourages creativity and it's just fun to mess around with. For it's current price, I reccomend you buy it, if your PC can handle it. Multiplayer is coming out soon, and TerraTech will constantly be improving over the next months or years to come.In the end, my score for this game is: 7.5/10. However, I would give it 8.5/10 if I exclude all the bugs and optimisation issues.and 10/10 if there were more lemons in the game"
76561198257378995,Recommended,285920,33012692,Posted: 29 June,all,Pancho Yellow,"I love this game so far, I just hope there is a multiplayer mode coming soon."
,Not Recommended,285920,14513209,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Stelly,"Games should be reviewed in the state that they are sold and not the state that someone promises you it will be in 2 or 5 years if you hand over your money now.EAG has proven that a big majority fail to give what was promised and there is not a single reason TerraTech should receive any other preconception. With how much of a failed experiment this EAG trend has become, we have to assume any EAG is bad, unfinished and not worth the price they ask.That's why this game gets a negative review. If reviews could work with points I would give it 0.5/10 or 1/10.The game is still bad, unfinished and not worth the price they askat all. To make it even worse they have already added DLC to the game. DLC before the game is even released. thisissparta.jpgTheir reasoning for the DLC is to give people an option to feel part of the development by letting you test blocks before they put them in the testgame... Payload Studios we are already paying for that. That is what EAG is for. You're trying to sell a beta for the beta so we can beta test while we beta test. NO. NO NO NO NO NO.And what's wrong with the game?Imagine as a basis of comparison Spore the creature stage. But in TT there is no dancing, social activities, diverse biomes, helpful AI or any of the other things to do but fight.Also after every fight (even if you win), you have to go back into the editor and rebuild your creature every time. Every freaking time. All the freaking time. Over and over and over and over and over again.And after every fight having to use the editor also isn't a super user-friendly UI to do it in. There's a camera rotate and tons of small ancher points that make it impossible to place anything under or inside your structures without losing your sanity.The fighting isn't interesting at all. It's steering your vehicle's weapons in the direction of the enemy and holding your space bar until either you or he explodes.Talking about steering, after all this time they still have a game where cars reverse in the opposite direction. It's like not a single person at Payload Studios has ever driven a car before.I fear TT will never reach the epicness that the idea of it contains.Auto-rebuild your vehicles with the parts laying around you. A build mode that lets you seperate layers for better block placing. Friendly AI that you can select or program a series of action points and actions so they can harvest for you. Friendly AI that flies around you and that you can send to enemies like a drone army."
,Recommended,285920,16821867,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NobleBarrel,this game is a little hard at first but once you get used to it you can create giant things and rule an entire world.  it has a very high replayability value and its easy to learn how to play. i definitly reccomend this for anyone who wants something to spend an hour or two weeks with.
76561198124333147,Recommended,285920,25629867,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TumbleButts,"I think the amount of hours i've played this game should be enough for a half decent review.PROs:Creativity in vehicle designs/ flightWeapon varietyTech varietyBase buildingInventory thing where it collects all the items on the ground in an area and can be accessed remotely.CONs:Lag/ FPS issue when you have too much stuff in one place.Once you have shield/battery/chargers the game gets very easy and I have no competitionThe AI just tries to get behind you, which makes it predictable and easy to fight.Recommendations:MultiplayerBlock spray painting - good example would be on scrap mechanic. This means instead of just making a tech, players can get more involved and customize it with looks.Smarter AIMore BIOMES - maybe water + boat building?All in all I find it a fun game when it's a challenge in the early stages but it gets boring after a few hours when you get established."
,Recommended,285920,19492182,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Awelotta,"At first it looked like a good game. I liked Minecraft, but the game did not run very well on my computer; I liked robocraft, but I wanted something that was more survival based; I liked Unturned, but I wanted something more customizable. I started up the game and was met with a pretty neat introduction; but it was not long before I got killed and had to *attempt* to destroy my attacker with my meager rent-a-bot and retrieve all my items. Notwithstanding, I attached a payload rocket to my bot and began the tedious routine of harvesting materials and having them be automatically launched into the sky. I would buy new items through the payload terminal, but yet again, I would be destroyed and I would have given up and restarted. Additionally, finding anything was tricky, as I got lostveryeasily. I waited to play another day as it was in early access and I had already given the money that I could have given to pay for this game; I hoped my spending was not in vain.Ileft the game; it gathered dust sitting in my library for a few months; but today (4 December, 2015) I picked the game up again, after a day of work, and played it; it was an astonishing improvement: there wasa radaran objective logmany starting materials provided at the beginning, very easy to findIt may have been just my attitude at the time; but I found these made the game much more streamlined; of course, after the beginning, the game was less straightforward, but with every objective there was a new discovery that lead to another goal and so on and so forth. It made the game much easier; I now feel very proud of my bot. Now...GET THIS GAMEeven though this game costs $ (I put one $ because it doesn't cost that much)"
,Recommended,285920,22709741,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Supernatur4L,"This is one of the best games I've played in a long time, even when comparing to large developers. Incredibly intuitive game mechanics, polished beta. As I've read from another reviewer, Early Access Developers take note, this is how it's done.At this time there is enough stuff to do to keep you occupied, missions are a little buggy but are on the top of the list for developers. Can't wait for future updates as this game is genuinely creative and fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,285920,20031057,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MonkeyMan1242,"First of all, I love this game (as of 0.5.20.3). I can build machines for hours and hours. Machines that fly, machines that race. Machines that are particularly good at murder. Why then must i pay another $10 on top of my $20 just to get a little sandbox map. It seems like something that should just be in the vanilla game, not a whole different thing. Anyway, I'm getting off track. If you want story, progression, cool item drops, or anything else cool, you will not like this game. It is equivalent to the relatively early days of Minecraft before all this Ender Dragon nonsense where all you could do is run around and punch animals. This game has enormous potential, it is a blank slate for hundreds of fun ideas to be slathered all over it. It could be an MMO/Action RPG with awesome special items and weapons with different buffs and debuffs to snap onto your vehicle. It could be a singleplayer/co-op Pikmin-esque ""gather pieces of your spaceship so you can fly back home"" kind of game. But before anyone gets excited, this game has been in development for over a year and a half and there is still almost nothing too it. This is most of the reason why I hate Early Access and Kickstarter, because I could have experienced this awesome game way in the future when it had actually been finished, instead of now in its extremely unfinished state, where I am begging for something that will come when I have forgotten the game completely. I am really hoping this game disappears from my memory so I can come back in 3 years and be amazed at all the new awesome stuff. But for now, sure you can go hunting for special items and make loads of dosh but in the end it doesn't mean anything. There is no goal. For me that is an almost deal breaker. But luckily the many hours I've played of this game have been some of the most enjoyable of my life. And that is why I am desperately hanging on to my faith that the developers can do it, that they can complete the game and make it something truly outstanding. This game needs determined developers if it hopes to go anywhere. Don't fail me now payload studios. Also make that damn multiplayer already I need to get my friends into this game."
76561197970845141,Recommended,285920,32794146,Posted: 25 June,all,Vikings,"This game is a lot more than it seems.  Yes, you drive around shooting vehicles and grab what's left of thier parts to use on your own rig, but it is actually so much more than that.  It truely has an elaborate base building and hugely interesting upgrade system for both your base and vehicles.  The pacing is just about right to keep you interested until the next goal, and there are a surprizing amount of goals and content to keep you playing.Before I bought this game, I thought it was going to get boring fast.  That is why I waited this long to buy it.  For what they are asking for this game, it is a steal for the amount of depth you get.  I really want to contact the marketing department and let them know they are missing out on a huge demographic by not presenting all that this game truely is in many of the videos I've seen for it.9/10."
76561197975955082,Recommended,285920,23048632,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Targa,"Like most Early Access games, TerraTech has a long way to go before we see a finished product. If you're a fan of Early Access, pre-alpha, alpha, and beta games, and supporting the developers by purchasing a game when it is in these stages of development, then by all means purchase TerraTech. Like any other game, I suggest you watch some Let's Play videos on YouTube, or watch a few Twitch streams to see if it looks like something you'd be interested in.TerraTech is a game about building bots, or ""techs"" as they're called. You can build both land-based and flying techs, or a combination of both. The game has wheeled vehicles, from slow and rugged to very fast and fragile. It has hovercraft, conventional flight, and VTOL/STOL. It's up to you how you build your tech. You can also build a base, gather and refine resources, craft objects, as well as sell them (or sell the refined resources).The price, admittedly, is a little on the high side for a non-AAA game in this stage of development, but not so high that I consider it a deal-breaker. It was on sale recently for 30% off, so if money is tight, I suggest you add it to your wishlist and check your e-mail daily. It's difficult to say what is and what isn't a ""fair price"" for an Early Access game, since we have no way of knowing what the developer's costs and overhead are. I recently purchased a game on Steam for $5 that I felt could easily have sold for $20. The reason for the low price? It was being developed by one guy, which meant very low overhead. What it really boils down to, I suppose, is ""will you get $20 worth of enjoyment from the game?"". I think you will. And don't forget, you can always come back to Early Access games 6 months, a year, or two years down the road and play again.With the price of AAA games still on the rise, it's up to us as gamers to support the independent developers and purchase pre-release games that we think we'll enjoy playing. The more small companies that turn into larger companies, the more competition the huge companies will have, which is always a good thing."
76561198277206208,Recommended,285920,23510627,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheZRud,I love the game but the only things that i hate are the AI because my harvesters keep getting stuck in a rock/tree can you please fix it and also that my game gets laggy a lot so i can't do much developers if you are reading this please fix the AI and the game getting laggy but overall it is a great game
76561198052172877,Recommended,285920,21219652,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ace_Jammer,"Was taking a look at the demo, DL'd the game and had a blast. Haven't had this much fun in a long while.  Since I was enjoying the demo so much I bought into the game.  The gameplay in the main game didn't let me down either.  Nonstop fun right from the start.  3 days into the game and 27 hrs to show for it.  The time just flew by.  The game can be real intense at times.  Especially when it comes to combat with much larger enemies. LOL I used my little starter vehicle (after my big one died) and managed to kill it , though I did die about 4 times in the process.  didn't take long to learn how to build the base and start collecting the resources.  Found just about all I needed on the forums.  I think the learning curce is fine just takes some effort to learn how things work. I already knew that some aspects of the game were not working, but I'm confident those things will be done.  Making games like this doesn't come easy.  Great job to the Devs.Now I did encounter some issues while playing, then again this is early stage developement and feedback is important.  I would just like to point out that the frame rate dropped considerably many times. Mostly when engaged in franctic combat with the enemies in large vehicles.  Though I think you may already know this.  Is there a way to inprove this performance on my end.  My computer system is well above the recommended system requirements.  Also I would like to know if you intend on fixing the sound, it only has one track of music.  That doesn't stop me from enjoying the game, but it would be great if I could only turn off the music and not lose the environment sound as well.  Great original concept.  For those who keep losing your resources while moving about, try using the slower wheels. The venture fast wheels make the vehicle to fast and that is why things keep dropping out (personal experience.I hope to hear back from the developers, you have a very good game here so I hope you polish the contents.  As far as multiplayer goes it's another milestone.  You need to bear in mind that the game does lag under the stress test and multipayer would not be a fun experience.  Oh one last thing do you have a timeset when the AI modules will actually play a part in the game and ability to craft the fabricators, I am looking for this to work.I'll give the game a 8.5/10 because it is not finished but the elements are thereKeep up the good work and have a great dayAce"
76561198088682400,Recommended,285920,17370495,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Viestintuoja,"Cannot recommend, too addictingIn all seriousness though the game is alot of fun and just the right level of harsh, you can be trucking along wrecking everything in your path and all of the sudden you realize that all your weapons and wheels got taken out and you are now a sitting duck, its infuriating at times but then you get to experience the wonder of building a new tech out of scratch and continuing the adventure.The game has alot of content for an unfinished game and its amazing how easy it is to come up with things to do eventhough the game has no specific goals, even once parts and money become almost trivial you can always improve your base or your tech, or you can go ahead and scrap everything and design something completely new, the price is a bit on the high side but i feel like i have already got my moneys worth and i'm still getting more out of it.TL:DR- If you are into coming up with your own goals and designing things then i can absolutely recommend TerraTech to you."
76561198170215821,Recommended,285920,26683099,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Smokey Bandit,I love TerraTech in my opinion this should be played by everyone  who has a computer that can handel it. The only thing that would make it better is multiplayer. Like this comment if you want multiplayer.
76561198237854322,Recommended,285920,24028386,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WormMan1000,well it certainly works now. and is smoother than before.im having much more fun than when i first played it.i was probably just to stupid to figure out how to play.8/10oh yeah btw the devoloper told me how to get it to work which is awesome!fanservice rating:10/10
,Not Recommended,285920,30765995,Posted: 26 March,all,AliceTheGorgon,"Edit: A bunch of this has been addressed by various updates so far, which is very nice! Not quite there yet IMO, but the progress has been pretty good so far, and I'd certainly recommend keeping an eye on how the game shapes up in the future.I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state.Edit: Parts can now be unlocked via crafting, so this first bit no longer applies.Unlocking parts is ridiculously tedious, and there's no way to go for a specific part, you just have to hope that the RNG gives you the part you want to unlock from the random crates.Combat is also *really* dull. It boils down to spamming as many guns as possible and stuffing as many batteries as you can into the vehicle so that your shields will be able to tank enough damage to win.You can technically make some interesting builds and try to use clever tactics to win fights, but gun/battery spam is so effective that anything else isn't remotely worth the effort.Edit: Crafting has been expanded, and not all items are available in the shop anymore. I'll be updating this following section once I've gotten more familiar with the new system.Bases and mining/crafting are basically pointless. The primary thing your base will get used for is to recharge your batteries for your shields. That's it.There's a neat system where you can create conveyor belts and route materials to refineries or assemblers and stuff,but it's always much easier to just sell some of the eight billion random spare parts you get from exploding enemies and just *buy* the part you want instead of building it.Building is also *way* too tedious right now to be of any use anyway.___________________________________________Edit: Potential ideas for improvement (since it's too long for steam to let me post it into the comments section):I should preface these ideas by saying that I have no experience with game design or anything, so I don't know if they would work as well as I think they would, or if there's better ways to address the underlying issues or anything.These might also be too much work to implement, depending on how the code is organized.For building, there's two main things I can  think of:Edit: Vehicles can now be built with parts in your inventory. Huzzah!The first would be if you could build saved blueprints with parts from the inventory instead of just with cash (which there doesn't *appear* to be an option for, but maybe I just overlooked it), so that you don't have to do a bunch of tedius rebuilding after every single battle, you'd just be able to say ""build another of the vehicle I was just using"". Which is the main reason that shields/batteries are so important, because it's less tedious to recharge them than it is to patch up your vehicle after a fight. (This would also tie into some of the base changes listed farther below.)The second would be having a mirror mode of some sort (which should, of course, be easy for the player to turn on and off while building), since most vehicles are symetrical, and it's pretty boring to have to build two copies of the same thing, just on opposite sides of the vehicle. Mirror mode should be able to be set either between two blocks, or in the middle of one block, so that both even and odd symetry is available.For bases, the first thing would probably be if you could build small harvester drones (using a harvester version of the helper AI blocks, and player-built like everything else is) that would automatically seek out and harvest resources that grew within a certain distance of the base (range and speed shouldn't be especially high or anything, especially in the beginning, but could maybe be increased by using higher tier versions of the blocks required or something). The reosurce harvesting range from the base should probably also be displayed when building, so there's no guesswork of ""will they be able to reach that patch of minerals over there?"". This would make optimal base positioning require some thought, and actually give more reason to setup refining/building/storage stuff in the base.This could be combined with the ability to tell the base to always keep a certain number of each part in inventory, so it would be able to keep replacement parts in stock for rebuilding your vehicle after combat. The player would, of course, have to properly setup the proper storage/refining/building system to route everything around correctly in order for the base to actually be able to build the requested parts.There should probably also be a way to set a *maximum* for certain parts, so that the base can route any unwanted salvage along routes the player has setup to sell/scrap/etc the parts.For all this to work, the black hole blocks might need to have input and output spaces added like other base blocks, or have mini black hole blocks that don't suck up parts in the world, but do allow the base to pull parts for scrapping from the inventory, or deposit constructed parts into.Edit: This part has been addressed by the change that made parts unlockable via crafting.For part unlocks, quests could maybe pick the reward blocks ahead of time, and show the player which ones they'll get if they complete the quest. That way they can still be random, but at least the player can prioritise ones with parts they're more interested in.Of course, some sort of part research system could also work, but that would bring it's own set of challenges in order to make it fun and interesting, and would probably be much more effort for relatively little benefit.For combat, the projectile speed probably needs some increasing, so that guns can hit moving targets a bit better (instead of having to either get right up in an enemy's face, or agro them and then just drive backwards in a straight line while firing). As it stands, building a fast vehicle doesn't seem very useful (except maybe if you're using missiles), since circling the enemies usually means you won't be hit, but also can't hit the enemies either.Block health could maybe stand to be a bit higher too, since combat usually seems to be over a bit too quick to require much thought. Of course, balancing weapon damage and block health over so many different combinations of vehicles is always going to pretty tricky, and it's probably not possible to ever get it perfect, so this part probably isn't that big an issue at the moment.As for the gunspam, I'm not really sure what to do about that. Having some more guns that are stronger but larger than the small ones would probably help (not strong enough to make small guns completely worthless by comparison though, mostly just so there's a bit more variety in size and power). Everything else I can think of offhand would just amount to putting arbitrary limits on designs though, which wouldn't be very fun or interesting for players.With flying, I do like the idea of automatically transitioning between ground and flight controls, but it's fairly clunky at the moment, and often seems to requite ramping off a hill in order to take off, since on flat ground (like the salt flats) even vehicles where the front points slightly up tend to just lift their tail until the vehicle is only half flying, and then just keep the front wheels on the ground.Granted, I haven't experimented with having some downwards facing thrusters for a vertical takeoff, but it would be nice if there was a button to swap between modes manually.Of course, the AI for follower bots should also be improved so it doesn't get stuck so often, and can actually keep up with the player, but I imagine that's already planned."
,Recommended,285920,28552584,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rockfarmer,"With about 500 hours in this game through the last year and a half, I am proof that this game is solid.Overall, this is a beautiful game, simple and deceptively addictive. If you enjoy building stuff and need a serious timesink in your life, come join the community! I highly recommend TerraTech.Pros:A solid game platform to play around in.A dedicted, interactive developer group who streams 3 times a week and are very engaging with the community.Very solid tech building, intuitive how blocks attach.The gameplay is addictively simple.Crafting and basebuilding, some-automation .New content is added quite often.Multiplayer is in development (opens 2017)cons:Still in alpha - certain aspects of the game can be grindy because it still lacks content.multiplayer is not ready yet..It is not a strategy game where you carefully have to weigh your angle of attack and such, it is more a ""drive in and shoot""Certain limitations in the game design prevents more complex techs.Not optimized - rare crashes, and can get laggy when too many things are happening at the same time."
76561197987716536,Recommended,285920,27354479,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stiiick,"Strength:-Creative crafting: The crafting system not only let's you create things, it lets you explore the boundaries of pertinence and viability. You create a tech, go out and experiment it, you like it or not, find a new part, think of a better way, off you go with a new project.  Dynamic and stimulating.-Diversity of choices: Whether you want a big or small base, one or many, what use you make of it/them, build one multi-purpose or many single-purpose tech, the size of anything... The game successfully makes you feel every choice is pertinent and has potential.-Open-ended: You understand very early that everything is doable everywhere. You might start off somewhere, but soon realise that this place sucks and would like to try this mountainside or this flat dryland a try. Nothing is going to prevent you from anything. Empowering.-Playable: That might come as a weird strength, but it's worth noting given the alpha status of the game. Whatever you might not like about it, the developers managed to make this game balanced and content-rich enough to be enjoyable.Weaknesses:Alpha stage: Despite what i just said, everything that is NOT likable is probably because it's unfinished/unpolished. Most notably, given you like the game and play it through, the later phases leaves you bored with obvious lack of goals and repetitiveness. You come to think that there isn't lacking that much that would make you stick longer.-Lack of content: Whether it is variety of mission types, variety of landscape, variety of anything, you've got to be forgiving to an extent. That's where the genius of the developers shines most: They've been able to make it enjoyable despite broad lack of content. Magic is there.-Very poor AI: They talked about it and have a plan for it, but it's worth noting it currently barely deserves its name.-Performance issues: Mostly when too many guns fire at once and when resources accumulate in large quantity in silos. Nothing optimization won't fix but that kind of break the parts-crafting system, so long as you're an industrial-size type. You won't see that until late-game.-Everything else: You could wish for a bunch of smaller things such as component stats to be available, better specific tuning for some components, and whatever else, but they're not there yet.Overall:This game successfully captures the crafting spirit we have seen a lot lately and deepens it by combining base building, vehicle building, parts crafting and resources gathering from a vehicle perspective. It blends so well you barely notice the inherent challenges and possible failures of such an attempt. The developers deserve a fair share of congratulation for that. Making it definitely playable and enjoyable despite the lack of content also underlines talent. Unfortunately, its lack of development will prevent you to play as long as you would otherwise."
76561198119010311,Recommended,285920,18055783,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr.MightEagle,i want this multiplayer
76561198107831521,Recommended,285920,32862162,Posted: 27 June,all,namesarenteverything,"This is an amazing game. Build yourself a tank, or a plane, a base that can automatically sort your loot, break it down to components, sell it off, whatever. While it can be frustrating to run into an opponent that completely destroys your tech, part of the fun is in the risk. Plus, as long as you continue exploring, nothing is a huge setback. The campaign is the only thing I've done so far and it's very well fleshed out for being an early access title.If you like physics games, base building games, combat games, or even tower defense games, you'll love this!"
76561198086066113,Recommended,285920,23696863,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,bcx987,"great game, just needs multiplayer (battle arena i suppose?) of somekind to set it off jsut right"
76561198045004605,Recommended,285920,29505118,Posted: 26 January,all,Eightshot,"Currently this game is poorly optimised and buggy HOWEVER!!! it is early alphaIt is highly addictive, well designed, and has the potential to be the next big game.Extremely enoyable, can't wait to see where the future takes this game."
76561198297905175,Recommended,285920,29748924,Posted: 6 February,all,Vulpix CS.MONEY,i have bought this game on another account near to one year ago. Now that i picked up this game once again i can confidently say that this game is one of the best if not the best early acces i have played. This game should get a little bit more improved for it to come out of early acces. But considering the game is updated monthly its worth it.
,Recommended,285920,17541833,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ryan_spikowski,Super great game and concept! I love the open sandbox of being able to build and rebuild whenever you desire to make the perfect tech!
,Recommended,285920,18426526,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,xyproto,"If you like games like Besige, but with an element of exploration, you'll like this game too."
,Recommended,285920,18868156,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,RadGH,"It needs work. I've had to restart several games to get around progression-breaking bugs (eg, quest enemies spawning underground).HOWEVER, it's fun to play if you don't mind rebuilding your vehicle constantly and possibly losing your vehicle periodically if you underestimate a fight or get stuck.I enjoyed it a lot, it's come a long way since the demo I played the week it was released. There's a strange mix of very-well-polished features sitting right next to a barely implemented features. There's also some very odd progression choices, like I didn't have a refinery until I had the huge yellow tractor wheels. That sort of thing you should get early so you can start to build the bigger parts - refining / harvesting shouldn't be an end game feature.Anyway, I'm just conflicted. There's a lot to love about the game, but a lot that is infuriating because the game isn't finished. But I had fun overall."
,Recommended,285920,31947279,Posted: 25 May,all,Gaming Authoritah,+ Rich graphics+ Amazingly versatile gameplay+ Build anything you want+ Excellent campaign teaches you the game+ Fierce battlesMake up your own mind with this gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXDjPKf51P4&t=25s
76561198028063495,Not Recommended,285920,30067677,Posted: 20 February,all,Aeolys,"This is a fun game. This netted me a few hours of fun--- then it became a slog of a game.As what the label said: its an early access game, its not complete, you cannot judge it for what it is now, etc. etc. etc.This game has you building a block-based vehicle. There is no actual goal in the game but you destroy other npc vehicles for their part or a quest. You can also harvest resources from rocks and trees which you can sell or craft into vehicle parts.There is a base-building aspect where you put down assembly lines to dump the parts/resources you have collected. Its really fun but--There is not much to do afterwards. Blowing up stuff and collecting is fun until there is nothing to do with it all. There are a variety of parts in the game but nobody will use anything but the yellow construction themed parts. They provide the most health, size and ability to hold a large load. The other types are vastly inferior. The only advantage of using them is that they can move faster. Thats it, you move faster; you sacrafice health and size. The weapons in the game can be used by any kind of vehicle so there it doesn't factor into the vehicle type.In the end, the only viable vehicle type is the large giant yellow construction vehicle. It gets VERY dull since using any other vehicle type WILL get you killed in two hits and unable to carry anything.This game is good only for a little while, but there is no real end-game and its very dull when you get there."
,Recommended,285920,25101711,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,sippysip45,"It is a great game, I'd rate 9/10 (because during campaign some op techs will randomly spawn and kill all of your stuff which is annoying) but other than that its great."
,Recommended,285920,18489498,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Smo,"I'm really enjoying this game. If you were ever a Lego person, this is the game for you!Pros:1) Huge amounts of customization. You can build pretty much anything you can dream up given the pieces currently available. Seeing as it's early access, I'm sure they'll have more toys for us to play with eventually; at the moment there are still plenty of fun things you can build. The only thing that lacks much variety, in my opinion, are the weapons. Again, this is likely just a symptom of early access, and the weapons are still fun to use!2) Core gameplay is enjoyable. Basically, you start out with almost nothing and you need to gather resources to sell so that you can earn enough money to upgrade your tech. Along the way, you'll randomly encounter tons of different enemy AI techs that will attempt to destroy you. Trying to avoid them to gather safely, or all out engaging them for the hopeful returns of scavenging their parts is something you have to consider. My playstyle has me going in for the kill more often, but as I've continued playing and have more valuable tech that I don't want to lose, I've ended up taking more time to consider my actions. If you run out of power for your shields, you run the risk of losing your tech in a bad engagement.3) Combat. This can be pretty stressfull. As you see your enemies come into view, you'll probably come to a full stop. Many of these enemies can be behemoths compared to you with dozens of guns ready to blow you to bits (literally). Taking a moment to figure out your enemies capabilities is a good strategy. Maybe you'll have better luck if you come up quickly behind them. Maybe their broadside is weak, so you should focus your positioning there. Eventually, as you earn enough money and scavenge pieces off of your victims you'll end up as one of these behemoths yourself! Come this time, you may want to make sure you have countermeasures for the smaller, faster enemies as they'll tear you apart from your weak points that lack firepower.4) Destruction. All tech is built from smaller pieces. You place cubes together, just like with legos, and then put wheels, guns, and harvesting equipment on top of that (around, under, inside, whatever you want!). Enemies are made up just the same. When you fight in this game, you and your opponent will be trying to blow the blocks and weapons off of each other to reveal the cockpit; once the cockpit is destroyed, you win (or lose, if it's yours!). Many pieces also just explode if you do enough damage, causing damage to other parts around it; this also translates to blocks that are blown off and then explode later on the ground, so you have to be careful of what debri you roll over as it may turn into a kind of IED!Cons:1) Optimization. First off, if you're expecting it to be optimized in early access, you may need to reconsider your viewpoint on early access games. For the most part this game runs pretty good right now; it's definitely playable. The worst part comes when you build large techs with lots of weapons. Firing all of those weapons at once TANKS your framerate to be nearly unplayable, and since typically you're firing to destroy other techs, their bullets just add on to that frame rate drop. Build lots of shields for complete protections, and have 360 degree weapon coverage because you'll need it. I'd expect this to get better later on in development.(Note: I'm running a very powerful PC and it still can't handle it. SLI 980s, 6-core Intel i7 5930k, 16GB DDR4 3000 Ripjaws, Asus x99 Deluxe MB. Haven't tried CPU or GPU overclocking to test performance there, but I doubt any OC I can achieve will fix the current amount of framerate drop).2) Unlocking new tech. It appears the developer has plans to change how this works, but at the time of this writing it's kind of a pain to unlock new tech to build with. Right now, you mostly rely on finding enemies, blowing them up, and scavenging their parts. Once you scavenge a part, you unlock it in the shop. There are also ""levels"" of a sort that you can achieve based on some beginning missions, and those unlock a few items for you. Again, I'm pretty sure the dev plans on cleaning this up. The hardest part is the fact that so many of the items explode very easily, so when you end up defeating an enemy you won't be able to salvage any of the parts that detonated early on (batteries, boosters, etc). Sometimes you'll get lucky, and that's mostly what you have to hope for. Again, I'll chalk this up to the progression system being new and since the game is in early access, I can't expect them to have finished it yet.3) Flying. It's possible to make flying tech in this game, but I wouldn't recommend it. pretty early on you can encounter and ""abandoned"" flying tech that the game will instruct you to reclaim, You'd assume that this thing will work well since it's pre-built by the dev, but it really doesn't. Maybe it's just bugs that need worked out, but I'm not sure. The controls are HORRIBLE for flying. You have to hold the SHIFT key and that keeps your engines at maximum; there needs to be a way to set your speed (add a throttle mechanism to the game please!). Also, the pilot must be drunk because if I do nothing but hold the SHIFT key, the aircraft continues to climb (as if it wants to do a loop). Not sure what that's all about. Additionally, turning is huge pain. As soon as start banking, your aircraft pretty much starts to plummet out of the sky. At the moment, the most you can really do with a flying tech is scout around for resources or nearby enemy bases to raid.Additionally, it either needs to be made clearer through at tutorial or some kind of in-game mechanic whether or not a tech you're building will be capable of flight. Unlike land techs that can be in most any configuration, trying to build a flying tech is a chore. I've yet to be able to make my own flight-capable tech, and only the one given to me seems to be operable. Maybe I'm just incompetent, but my attempt at making a large-scale bomber type tech ended with a really fast land unit with weapons that shot the ground below it and no ability to turn (this thing have 5 props on it and still couldn't take off; I think it may just be that you can't get a large enough wing span to achieve the appropriate amount of lift.Tl;dr: This game is super fun! I'm not a real reviewer or journalist or anything, but I'd give it a 9/10 as-is (for what that's worth). I can see this game being top-notch assuming the fix the things above, and add in more blocks/weapons/items to build with.Also:Adding in multiplayer capabilties so you can play legos...I mean TerraTech...with your friends would be awesome, but by no means do I think it's required. You can't deny that it'd be fun to set up a private server and enjoy this game with your friends, though.Thanks for reading!"
76561198019047075,Recommended,285920,30435085,Posted: 10 March,all,Garmfang,"First let me start by saying that my recommendation for this game comes with the understanding that it is incomplete, and that it likely won't be complete until Q3 or Q4 this year (2017) by my estimation. This judgement is based on the game as it is today, not for what the devs say they plan for it to eventually be. Furthermore, this is only a recommendation in the sense that there is no ""situational yes"" option, and this review will primarily focus on negative aspects of the game as it is now.Missions are basically the equivalent of radiant quests in skyrim for those who are familiar with it - essentially it's just the game giving you the exact same mission over and over: [Kill X unit or group] [Gather X of Y resource] [Go to the supply crate], but in a different spot. You finish them and they'll just come back immediately after. Once you've unlocked all the important parts you won't even care to do the missions since you can build or buy them -money isn't an issue as time goes on.Base building exists to a degree, but you'll come to realize that it gets tiresome being chained to one area so that you can always go back to your base. There's no map to speak of, only a radar, so you will eventually have trouble finding your main base if you build multiple to avoid that. In fact, the most efficent thing to do is plant a storage unit anywhere, and then carry a second on your tech for permanent access to your storage items without having to let your SCU set up, which defeats the purpose of building a base.Block type viability is definitely an issue, as you'll be running into fights no matter where you go. The ""construction"" bricks are essentially the go-to thanks to durability and space for mounting more weapons, while 2 of the other 3 types are all but useless for anything save speed (which is useless unless you want a flying tech, which is also kind of useless). The third type of brick is supposed to be smaller in size than the construction, but meant to be heavy armor - but the fact of the matter is that they feel LESS durable than construction, and ultimately more of a liability than simply using construction bricks. This doesn't limit the creativity aspect of the game, but it does affect combat viability, and you're going to be in combat a lot. The alternative is to stack shields/repair bubbles, which requires a ton of batteries (explosion hazards), which will weigh you down until you move at a snails pace.Lastly, the biggest issue with the game right now is optimization. Everything is fine and dandy for the first couple of hours, but when you start running into medium and large sized enemies, you'll find that the goal in their design was simply ""stick as many guns on it as you can"". This is a problem because enemies start showing up as full groups of 4-5 techs, and when they all open fire... Get ready for 5-10 fps. That's not even on high/beautiful, that's on ""good"" settings with a gtx 770 and an i5, well above recommended requirements.All of that said, the game is still fun for those of us that like to create and destroy in equal measure. It's certainly a good way to spend some free time where you don't want to get invested in a story, or get caught up in a mission you can't leave part way through. You can drop in and out as you please, and you won't be too bored so long as you have an idea to try out, or want to blow things up.TL;DR - Game needs some serious work in places, but is still functional, and is certainly worth a try. The biggest thing to worry about is optimization, so don't believe what is posted in the requirements section right now because you probably won't even want to play if you barely pass. Worst case scenario you ask for a refund, it won't take you 2 hours to figure out whether or not you like the game as is."
76561198137648860,Recommended,285920,31515509,Posted: 2 May,all,The_Star_Wars_Guy,"TerraTech is a fun experience. Grow, expand and create any type of vehicle you wish. Anyone who loves vehicle building will enjoy this game.And its DEVs actively respond to the community which is a huge thing for me, so thats why this review is now positive."
,Recommended,285920,20222750,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jackzo,I played this game a while back and it was fun but needed improvements not just to bug fixing but adding more content and features such as A.I (lets face it was part of the game but not really).Since then I have replayed it and must say it has come a long way since when I first bought it and I am glad that I did. The A.I works (mostly but they are working on it still) and a lot of new parts have been added.Great job I rate 9/10!
,Recommended,285920,33927397,Posted: 31 July,all,Don't Fuck With Me,"This game is AMAZING! I love games such as Terra Tech. The open world sandbox games are just so much fun to me. I love how you can build your own design and everybody doesn't have to be stuck with the same designs ( Except for the starter tech, but thats for tutorial reasons only ) I hope they keep adding more because this game could become something great once its out of Beta. Keep up the good work Payload Studios! Although there are a couple problems, this game is still a great and extraordinary game!"
76561198043281337,Not Recommended,285920,29422525,Posted: 22 January,all,Draven Darkmire,"It's not a horrible game so don't take anything that I write as harsh, only as my observations.  Unfortunately to write the review, one has to pick either 'recommend' or 'not recommend' so I have to choose 'not recommend' at this time.The missions are mundane and unchallenging.  Once a vehicle has shields/regen/batteries (as well as weapons of course), I don't think I ever took any damage.The construction is glitchy.  When attempting to attach an item onto a vehicle, it can go through the vehicle and attach to the bottom.  Then, the vehicle starts 'hopping around' making it difficult to retrieve the last item place.I also hope you like disassembling/reassembling the same vehicle repeatedly to charge batteries (until you can level enough to get the remote recharging items), and then I hope you like setting idle waiting for the batteries to recharge.If you don't play full screen, then you may be missing some vital information to gameplay... like how much currency you currently have.What I would like to see:1) Give the player access to the parts collector (USB?) and paintbrush utility from the beginning of the game.2) Allow players to 'snapshot' a base to deploy them.  Even if this requires a secondary item storage pool to reserve the items...   or even the snapshot can be considered a separate item with all the items already combined.3) Better resource pickup.  I found that it was often faster for me to manually grab the resource with the mouse and drop it onto the vehicle than wait for it to realize the resource was there.4) Why am I seeing pop-up advertisements in a game for which I paid?  No.  You can put that on the start page if you want, but don't have it popping up in the game.5) How about a 'map'?  The radar has 'N' on it  but the user needs the map coordinates to get back to that location.  It could be your base if you have driven a large distance, but it could be something like a geyser that has no markings on the radar."
,Recommended,285920,16820806,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Nyamu,"2015-08-19 updates reviewwhen large massed vehicle appears, generates severe lags. need to be optimizedPLEASE PLEASE Improve Ally's AI!!!!! and include more order options to choose! Collecting resources all by myself is seriously tough LOL"
,Recommended,285920,20313842,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Swiftpain,"What is there to saw about this game? It is in alpha and that really sums it up. So I will just break down this down to a fancy short list of pros and cons that I find with the same.Pros:There are different corporations to find and build your vehicles off.There are many types of locomotion for you to pick from, Land and air mostly.It have hover pads, jets, giant fans, tons of wheels.Each faction specializes in something, so every block has its pros and cons which is really nice.It has base building and defenses blocksYou can build a ship to your play style and it will not ruin the gameCons:Base building, has no garage or slanted blocks for you make an “inside” in yetThe weapons are very limited, and very frustrating.A lack of biomesLack of things to doIts alpha atm.Limited engine capabilitiesRight now, I see this game going in a few directions, and we will just really have to wait and see what the updates bring. For an alpha game, its doing amazing. It plays smooth, weight is a factor, and it feels a lot of the core mechanics behind the game are set. I am excited to what comes of this game, and I will update this once their 1.0 big update hits, since that should change the game, and give every a good idea of where this will go."
,Recommended,285920,23843226,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CyberSaint,It would be awesome if they would add community mods
,Recommended,285920,17403275,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Steel,"TerraTech may just be in an early state, but it doesn't mean that its bad so far it's completely playable. The game is a perfect mix of Spore a genocide simulator and Robocraft a Futuristic building and battling game.The game is expansive with the options of creating your own fleet getting minions to harvest resources for your anything  you need it for. Not to mention bosses will always give you a challenge. The game is perfectly balanced so far and there will always be a challenge to over come."
76561198319208019,Recommended,285920,34482769,Posted: 25 August,all,eatreadtravel,This is a fantastic game! I got it over a year ago and I still haven't stopped playing it.  Basically you spawn in a tiny tech and you defeat other techs and steal their stuff and build up your tech.  I LOVE IT!!!
,Recommended,285920,26609298,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sloth,Please Add Multiplayer :)
,Recommended,285920,21217699,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Doom721,"Kind of like a hybrid of Spore and RobocraftSo you start off with jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ a tiny little robot with none of the essentials. Wheels, one gun, one drill.As you kill enemies and do some of the starter quests you get parts from the actual robots you fight, they explode into bits and you put the bits... well on yourself! The starter quests get you some essentials like a battery ( for powering up shields, and heal bubbles ) and the game leads you through with a basic quest system on refining ores in a refinery, and selling items.Could use a little more in-game info on the crafting of blocks seeing as its a ""wiki game"" when it comes to crafting things.Combat is great, you blast away at robots firing all your guns at once, then steal the parts either to take them away to sell - or use them on your bot. The area where you build your base becomes a wasteland of parts from dead robots and there are ways to break down items ( the scrapping module ) and ways to make money other than selling parts at the stores.... by mining / taking down trees. There are various blocks that allow you to pick up items, make your own basic conveyor systems to either break down weapons/armor, or refine ores/wood to have them automatically sell things... power up generators ( which power batteries )Its very fun playing this game fresh from the start again because as a small bot the real challenge is there, you think ""OH WHAT IS THAT!"" at every part you can't recognize.Eventually you snowball out of control either into a fortress of death with shield/heal bubbles, or into a mining maniac.You can even man things you build with AI modules that mine or fight in combat, but the AI is very derpy.The one thing I'll say is a con is performance is very bad in the later game when you have 50+ weapons firing all at once. GPU usage drops to 0, the game locks up when your bot fires and it makes it a bit troubling to play at that point.Its early access so pricing of parts needs to be adjusted for sure. I've seen earlier videos where things were priced higher, but as for now things are so cheap it lets you build ANYTHING you want with a blanket price of 100 for most higher end parts.This is one of the better early access games worth playing and putting feedback on. I really have enjoyed the bit I have played, I hope for more parts - and performance tweaks so that the game doesn't lock up on super-mega-huge builds!There is also a non-mandatory twitter integration feature I used with a dummy twitter account. It allows you to upload your bots as a tweet so they appear in other peoples games ( at the expense of losing that robot once its sent out as an ""invader"" ) which I think was well done and amazing.I look forward to this games completion! For a 20$ price point I'll say if you like vehicle based combat, open ended games ( this game is procedurally generated in its maps/store locations ) then its a shoe in. Just needs the rest of its content and some polish - the core gameplay is great!"
,Recommended,285920,26666958,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,9/10 Honestly an amazing game if you enjoy building vehicles. Recommended for others!
,Recommended,285920,33721731,Posted: 22 July,all,Scarcé,"Pros:-Fun and ""easy""-Has different kinds of gamemodes-Lots of different items that do different things-You can easily spend lot of time on this game-You can even build factories if you like that kind of stuff-Good graphics-Campaign is pretty good-Has updates regularly-Open world sandboxCons:-Campaign gets boring and repetitive after a while-Game crashes randomly sometimes-Has lots of other bugs-No multiplayer (Co-op in this game would be cool with your friends)-Somewhat intensive game from your system-Complex if you are building a factory of some kind and it can be frustrating.The games trailer tells about the game pretty well, so if you like what you see on the trailer, you'll propable like this game.Keep in mind that this game crashes and bugs out sometimes, and you can basically lose everything you had on the save (but keep in mind this is Early Access Game).The game itself is pretty self explanatory and you'll get along pretty easily.Overall, I'll give it a solid8/10.PS: I would really like a multiplayer co-op in this game to play with your friends!"
,Recommended,285920,34144887,Posted: 10 August,all,ionblastshield,"I like this game, but they need more support. there is a very interesting mechanic to the game which is satisfying for the scavanger in your heart. the warm colors of the game is calming and things go boom in a very satisfying way."
76561198305166135,Recommended,285920,23561195,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Teagan_Lawson,"Love this game!For its level of depth and fun, this game is like Robocraft but more in depth and a little bit cuter.If you get frustrated starting out don't worry, it'll get much much easier as time goes by."
76561198167118414,Recommended,285920,23267253,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gnorshk,"Great, cute game with an excellant idea and a potential for a great story. a bit crashy at certain times but the devs do get round to fixing it. that never bothers me. regular content updates and bug fixes. great game."
76561198060050357,Recommended,285920,17278942,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Wolfamelon,"If you grew up around Lego, you'll love this game."
76561198130729419,Recommended,285920,31384525,Posted: 26 April,all,WagonFixin,"Good game to pass the time, gets pretty tedious in the later stages of the game but thats is such as life.The gameplay is simple fun and challenging. The art style is nice and the few sound effects there are are niceThe couple complaints I do have about this game: First of all the music is annoying, it is like 2-3 songs but they all sound the same, Secondlt there is no freaking sandbox mode, Who wouldve guessed, It would be amazing to have a sandbox mode but the closest thing is a DLC and I dont have it and thats it I would say the game is good but not the best in its state7.8/10"
,Recommended,285920,24064209,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xiotix,I like this game a lot it is very addicting.
,Recommended,285920,16869738,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Singulasar,Gathered blocks for 2 days and built a robot.Decided to go north.Lost all 3 radars 45 mins from base.Had to restart.10/10 Would go north again
,Recommended,285920,24903034,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Warhawker,"Great game, easy to jump into, and plenty to progress to. I like it.Edit: More features added, I'm addicted. I've mae a base that sorts and manages resources. Craft things on command, explore to find new blocks. Build your own airplane (after some time) attach rockets to your battle tech! There is no limits, and everything works so well. The physics are fun, and the aerodynamics are mostly accurate. Yes, there is AERODYNAMICS in this game..."
76561198255342482,Recommended,285920,33290833,Posted: 5 July,all,alckasoc,"Luv this game. I recommend it, however when those big updates hit, you're screwed.R.I.P progress.Still recommend it though."
,Recommended,285920,30706746,Posted: 24 March,all,Trynnun,"Simply put, this is a great game all around.You could not ask for a better more involved and dedicated developer. A fantastic communitity.This game in it's current state, is very enjoyable, and there is still so much more to come. I have 30+ years of gaming experience and half of that is with alpha games and being involved with communities taking part in games as they are developing. Many times you feel as though the developers miss the mark with their games and stray away from the original vision of what made the game great, and I can honestly say, NOT PAYLOAD STUDIOS!!!The level of design and thought you can put into your builds is fantastic. THEIR QA DEV IS A GOD!!!That's it really. I really can't imagine how anybody could speak anything remotely negative about this game. It's just not practically possible. These dev's are on the ball, the game plays awesome, AND THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO COME!!!EDIT27MAR2017""Just to put this into perspective, when you can build stuff like this....""(NOTE: Building requires a lot of thought and keep in mind ""the physics"" plays a big part of the game, hence why these particular builds are so impressive. KEEP IN MIND, there are WAY more builds on PayLoad Studios website (http://terratechgame.com/) by very impressive builders and you CAN share builds!)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlDQYiFq7JM(OLD-BUT-GOLD)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPa-tDWEggM&index=3&list=PLBYlWF9S7-TvaJZ8-PHM8oJ7hsJUti7b0""STILL THE KING OF THE SKY!!!"" : D(Extremely complex builds such as this)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NrSaw4rnnU&list=PLBYlWF9S7-TvaJZ8-PHM8oJ7hsJUti7b0&index=2https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utOcPt0LnO8""... You know there is a lot of thought put into the mechanics of a game!""Here are some ""Let's Plays""Lathland:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssmduO1lAXgReaperX1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzHSCSxspkE&list=PLBYlWF9S7-Tt4BzuGXYdBtoP6cEs_wbVb"
,Recommended,285920,24981281,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,el grande steve,"TerraTech is a great game, it really reminds me of Robocraft, except not pay to win. Vehicle/base building can get really complex, and it's possible to build some really neat stuff."
,Recommended,285920,23225083,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Minehero367,"Ok good game, a couple of bugs, but EA. Realy fun and im Addicted, the only thing is that it slowly decends in fps♥♥♥♥♥the thousands of parts of you fallen enimies collect acros the world, AWESOME"
,Recommended,285920,18298037,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=[Early Acces Review]=[Heads up]This review will be different to my newer other ones as i do this mainly to give the game the upvote it deserves. Therefore i wont go on with many different point on the game and rules set to the review. If you dislike my review: You know what to do.[Review]This game is amazing. Now that i got that out of the way i will tell you why. First of all i want to let you know that all blocks that are in the game are available to you no matter what. You will have to unlock them over time by exploring the world around you and thats it. The DLC of the game mainly gives you acces for Blocks in development which is a nice addition but not needed to play the game.[Sidenote] - If i wouldnt have bought ""SOMA"" i wouldve bought it with DLC.But what actually is in the game. What do you have to do? What are other players doing around you? Well the game is Singleplayer and to be honest at the current state that is the best decision. I dont even know if it will become a Multiplayergame at some point even though i would say that it would affect the game negativly. And why? Well the game is at the beginning very hard. You got your usual Tutorial which is very helpfull in my opinion and you slowly but surely learn how the game works. But there are still enemies and the controlls are not as easy as you can understand them.[Enemies] The enemies are NPCs. They are just like you tiny Robots or big Robots. It depends on how far you got into the game. At the beginning you will find tiny robots or medium sized ones. Over time they get bigger and stronger just like you. But if you loose to an enemy you can find yourself back at the beginning with a tiny Robot. And that makes the game slightly unforgiving. You can always go back and grab your stuff back as it stays on the ground if it wasnt destroyed but there is also a possibility of the enemy still being there. In that case a good defended base with shields and repair units can come in very handy which you can build just as well from the very beginning as the Tutorial tells you how to do so as well. But not only the enemy at your stuff can be a problem. I will mention a plane robot you can use further down and as it happened with me i crashed but was fully intact. The problem i had though is that a hostile robot attacked the plane and therefore destroyed it. That didnt bug out the tutorial though but it wouldve been nice to have it.[Controls] The controls are easy to understand but not as easy to master. Sure driving around is easy and to shoot you gotta hold space. But if you want to move around it can get weird. Sometimes you try to move to the left but instead of doing the wished for 50° you do a 360°. Of course this depends on your vehicle size but as the vehicle goes bigger, and this only at the very beginning, it can get very difficult to do anything with the current gen of wheels. As you progress through the game though you can unlock better wheels which make it much more enjoyable of course. But you have to get to that point first. Going on to the next part of the tutorial there is always a part with a plane. And that is where i would like to say that the controls werent as nice as for the robots on the ground. I mean you can fly normaly but if you turn right for to long you crash down. And as said above my plane was killed by another robot.[Sidenote] For building the controlls are as simple as the Tutorial said. But one thing they didnt say is how to rotate a block. As you attach a block you can still hold down the button before putting it down and then rightclick to switch it to a new side.[Building a Base] Building a Base that functions and where you can hide is probably the most interesting thing. Sure you can build your mighty robot but that one can be destroyed. At your base you can charge batteries that over time deplet as you can also use shield and repair units for you base to be secure. But you can only charge them with a generator or Solar Panels. I myself like the Solar Panels more, but hey, to each its own. Going on from powering your base you can also build a refinery which then lead refined ressources to a cannon that shoots things to earth for you to gain money. And that money can be used at the ingame shop location to buy more parts to build your base. Or you buy yourself a fabricator that can create blocks from ressources which is just as amazing. You can be as creative as you want with your base but make sure that it is secure. And from that moment on you can even stick a repair or shield Unit onto your robot plus a few batteries to go on and attack other robots without having to fearthat you might die and have to start over with a robot.[Ending]The game is about exploration at the moment but has a lot to it. You can easily build a base and a powerfull robot but to unlock new pieces to work with you have to find them first or destroy robots that use them. You can then collect them and unlock them like that.And that has been it. Would i recommend the game at its current state? Yes. it is nice and easy to understand. But dont expect it to be very very easy."
76561198124619668,Recommended,285920,18012325,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Niko,THIS GAME IS AWSOMEi can tell the people that read this about the gameyou start of whit a few parts then you destroy robots to get more parts then you grow stronger and invade other people or get invaded
19875467845212752,Recommended,285920,25097720,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[HiTm] Wiggle71,It's a good game if you want to sit down and play a calm game for 3 hours
76561198035581670,Recommended,285920,33915060,Posted: 30 July,all,Ron,Good Game - Will be great once it is finished and optimized. I'm going to have to shelve it for now though. Frame rate is horrid with large nubers of blocks nearby. I can't play it as is.
76561198024370581,Recommended,285920,29020062,Posted: 4 January,all,Razkil,"This is a very good game, i found it by watching a youtuber, and since i am a big fan of ""building"" and creative games, i decided to give it a chance.. I was not left dissapointed.The game is basicly a cube-based game where you build land and eventually, air vehicles. After a little while it will through tutorials show you exactly how to build a base, which allow you to craft your own parts.Thers factions in the game too, at the moment not even half have been implemented, and one lacks quest, but they are working. You have the basic one, GSO, which revolves around some rather basic designs, guns, more guns, blocky designs and it has most of the items used for factories.Geocorp is the industrial faction, revolving around melee, giant builds, and harvesting resources.. As well as enemies. They tend to be FAR bigger than everybody else. Venture is basicly the ""racing"" faction. Fast, lightly armored vehicles. Nuff said.Hawkeye, i think they're called, are the ""hunters"". They build some rather interesting things, use railguns, bikes, cannons. If it works in their favor, they probally use it.The gameplay is pretty enjoyable, wonky at the right times, smoot where it needs to be, and punishing you for mistakes when it is prudent. Yet it never truly takes it all away.So, lets look at pro's and cons:Pros:You can basicly design ANYTHING you want, ofcourse withind the limits of the game. Want a solid brick with mortars? What about a flying falic co(ck)pter? Well, go ahead, the game will allow it, with a bit of work.No such thing as perfect aim. All shots are auto-aimed, at center of enemies cockpit, which make for some really solid fights.Positioning is key, certain weapons handle a certain design better than others. Some need range, or speed to work.Limits are basicly not there, but they are still implemented in a way, you dont want to build a oversized machine, you have no reason to.Amazing devs who listen and cares about the community and player base, want proof? Look at the steam discussions.Cons: Under development, it has bugs, some balance issues, but nothing truly game breaking.So all in all, do i recommend the game? Yes, and i will probally be playing it for a long time to come."
,Recommended,285920,19626684,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Spirit Cold,i think it's a great game but that it needs to stop the crashes.i really think you should add submarines and more vehicle parts.thanks for reading.
69696969696969699,Recommended,285920,17573807,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,YoItsMattHere,"i love this game, this game is definetely worth the money, even though it is still in beta with a long way to go. i can play it for hours on end and not get bored."
,Recommended,285920,30100256,Posted: 22 February,all,Yeeter,"Had 20 dollars to spend. So I bought this game, I enjoy almost any type of sandbox/building game, so why not this. For my first 2 hours I was a little underwelmed, but did enjoy the game. I ended up returning it for a full refund because the framerate was pretty low (something to think about if you have a slower computer/ laptop). I recommend it because it would be unfair to not give it a positive review because I did quite actually like the game. If you like spore you will like this game. There are plenty of better sandbox games out there, but if you especially enjoy the spore gameplay platform, you will definitely like this game. 7.2/10"
76561198164150729,Recommended,285920,29615539,Posted: 31 January,all,Jimbo,Definitely a game to buy if you are a fan of sandbox games. The game is now currently stable always keep the updates content-rich very original idea and very good game it deserves 100 out of 10The combat is very good and unique. And it's very rewarding to defeat techs that are block rich on what you want.The base and resource collection system is a slow but awesome way to earn money early on which eventually encourages you to build your tech and base up to sustain a high level player and sometimes also try to take more combative approach to the game.Go ahead and buy the game
,Recommended,285920,18315080,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Grim,"Love this game! It's like the new banjo kazooie N&B, but better! Although ever since the new update the game has seemed way too easy to me. They need to add dificulity settings or something that will match the players skill and rank."
76561198184820011,Recommended,285920,26456978,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The Game Player,"its a real good game much can be done to make it better like graphics, new blocks, and and making a steam workshop for mods and techsthank you"
,Recommended,285920,23490498,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,mariothedog,Its a really fun game but its got alot of bugs
,Recommended,285920,28239211,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Commander Chriswanker,it's fun. wouldn't buy it for the full price though.
,Recommended,285920,23074765,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jellysquish,"I loved this game when it first came out. It was a cool new idea that was also fun. But with each new update, it gets harder and more frustrating. A lot of the mechanics of the game have been ruined by these new updates. HOWEVER, it is not a bad game. I do personally think that it would be a good idea to wait until it is out of Early Access to buy it, though. Keep it in mind."
,Recommended,285920,23478120,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Yuuki Konno,Its a really fun game but the camera sometimes is its downfall if you have a big tech. other then this i highly recommend this game as its highly addictive. Cant wait for multiplayer to come out though!
,Not Recommended,285920,16570940,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Psilopsycho,"To be honest, I really enjoy the game itself, but the bugs and save glitches have made it a nightmare. While I agree early access is expected to come with a good amount of issues, I have to yet to experience one with such major failures. I spent about 10 hours the first game, building my base and exploring, only to have it all vanish into the ground, forcing me to restart because I had no way of acquiring a new payload terminal.The second game went a little better and lasted around 13 hours before, guess what, everything disappeared again, at this point, I started this thread and learned about the saving my game file method, which wouldn't have been too bad and I could have dealt with.Then comes the third game, logging about 20-25 solid hours of base building and unlocking every possible block I could, saving periodically so I don't have to experience the loss of base again. So I continue to play for awhile, save, play, save, etc.THEN: I load up the game, which I just saved, click continue annnnnd BLACK SCREEN OF NOTHING. At this point I'm not too stressed, I just close out, replace the current one with my save annnnnd BLACK SCREEN OF NOTHING.I shouldn't have to edit the game files constantly out of fear of losing all progress then have that prove useless at any random time.So again; love the game, but it needs to get its ♥♥♥♥ together.p.s. The AI is also terrible"
,Recommended,285920,16650047,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bullet,"Amazing Game also when it's Early Access, i really like the way it is to play. The Grafic is ok and Sound too.From update to update it can be that there be lil bugs, one time i drived far away from my station and when i was come back was the station away and also the half map. But i just have need to restart and all was there again. Jup, this is early access, this can happen =PFor player what like to explor huge maps and it functions  then i just can recommend this game!The price is maybe a lil bit expansive but when u buy it while a action then it's payable.If you wana know more try the Demo!9/10 so farOhh, a point i really miss is Multiplayer!!! If a developer read this then please think about multiplayer funktion!Because so far you have explore the map and all funktions, then it start to get bored.Iself have now more times start the game from beginning and i have all possible things do multiple times. I CAN say that this game really miss MultiplayerI guess with multiplayer this game would become 10/10"
,Recommended,285920,16554388,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,QP,"Very awesome sandbox game. Most addictive game i've played in a long time. Just so fun slowly building up your vehicles, experimenting, figuring out the bases and crafting. Good Stuff!"
,Recommended,285920,25574618,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Nowaru,"I bought this game a couple of years ago during a steam sale. Even when it was buggy as absolute hell, I loved it. Every update corrupted a save, but added so many more new optimizations and items that I couldn't care less.Fast forward to now, the game is super polished, fun, and even the unstable version is fairly stable. I haven't lost a world in a long time, and the one I did lose was somehow saved by another update.The devs for this game work EXTREMELY hard to pump out a good game whilst making their community happy. Early Access on Steam has been getting loads of crap due to some shoddy devs shafting users out of their money on empty promises, but the TerraTech team should be seen as the gold standard for Early Access Devs.As for performance, you won't get far on the max settings before your computer begs to be mercy killed with a flaming axe, but the 2 graphics settings below Fantastic look just as great, and will spare your computer. The gameplay is based around an ever-growing tech you build from literally the remains of those who dared to face you. The first couple of hours are essentially the same, kill things, make your bot strong enough to take on the Liscense Boss, and so on, but after that gets out of the way, the world becomes yours to explore, die in, fly in, and dirty up to your hearts content.Buy it."
76561198119213662,Recommended,285920,14475262,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LeadHead,idk why this game is so fun start with 3 blocks and three wheels and a llaser  .....fast forward    kill 25 different enemys cannablize there parts  now your driving  a 6x10x5 giant 20 wheeled terror machine with 27cannons not giving a ♥♥♥♥  awesome game  great support as well
76561198031354166,Recommended,285920,17574822,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dwoops,"This is a very good game with a few exceptions. First of all, i absolutely love the game, it is one of my favorite games i have . There are a few problems though, when you get pretty far into the game, say 10 plus hours on one save, the block number gets really high, especially if you decide to make a base. This in turn causes some lag, and under extreme conditions, freezing. While this type of problem makes sense, it limits the ammount that can be done in ""end game"". Another problem is that occasionally any base that you set up can sometimes teleport pieces of it a couple feet, this can cause different pieces to mesh together and making you spend the next half hour fixing it. This is a very annoying, but not very concerning as it only happens whenever you load an old save (note this glitch happens gradually, not quickly). These types of problems are to be expected in early access games, so i believe, and hope, that these will be fixed soon. This game has a ton of potential and is extremely fun to play and mess around in, especially since there is no one strategy that is good. You could be nomadic, set up a base, or even create and army of small bots controlled by AI. There are many cool possibilities and a ton of ways to have fun, i would strongly reccomend this game to annyone who enjoys free roam building games."
76561198068133903,Recommended,285920,28716970,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Advil,fun but a little short.
76561198246669826,Recommended,285920,34614295,Posted: 30 August,all,Cat Dasher,Great Graphics Great Gameplay not a set based story line i really like the game and it I hope the creators will keep working on it!
76561198140459930,Not Recommended,285920,18524101,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,niklas7737,"This review might not match the current state of the game's development.I have to agree, TerraTech is fun and it will probably become very fun, when it's finished.But the Bugs ruin it. I usually cannot even finish the tutorial, before the game chooses not to let me go on any further. Doesn't get better, if I have to do it a few times, everytime I want to play, because the save file just got messed up again.I regret spending so much money for such an unready game and unfortunately, I can't recommend it. At least not, until lots of issues get fixed.But I would recommend keeping an eye on the game, as it has a lot of potential and could soon be worth the money. I hope so.(I translated the review for the developers to read, please excuse any dumb language.)"
76561198046416321,Recommended,285920,17267579,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TommyHill,Good little time killer. Although Janky Controls + Camera Angles + somewhat hard to understand elements to crafting. But it'll get there.
76561198121138382,Recommended,285920,26574135,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Blue Rebeller,This is a fun game but needs to have it so you get wireless charging earlier on in the game
,Recommended,285920,30018558,Posted: 18 February,all,Smaug,"TerraTech is an awesome and fun game that is super easy to understand. Build a tech, destroy other techs, and use thier parts to upgrade your tech. It has a lot of different variety of guns (ranging from machine guns, shotguns, snipers and more), Wheels (slow and heavy, fast and light, ect.) and different corperations that specialize in different types of partsThe devs are helpful and will probably help you if you post in the discussions. It is very addictive and still fun after you have maxed out all your corperation levels. There is also an option to send your awesome tech to invade other people's worlds. The devs also release versions of the game called Unstable Branch which you can play before they become the main version of the game.The only 2 downsides are that there are only 2 soundtracks, combat music and not-in-combat music (wut) and the game gets very laggy once you start building gigantic techs.Overall, I would recommend it as a very fun game."
76561198165818074,Recommended,285920,26245227,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hendra,VERY FUN I SUGGEST TO BUY THE DELUXE EDITION RIGHT AWAY
,Recommended,285920,19561581,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,leonstk,"Good Game, Love It so much, use 4 hours to build my dream monster in 1st day I bought it!!!But1. Mobile Solar Generator needed !!!! For Shield and Repair Bubble, without it Survival will be harder at the start2. Processor usage too high make the processor very hot (I'm Using AMD-FX8350)3. Still got bug in the story mode mission4. Trading Station Menus  too big make it smaller better to see all the selling item5. Can't flip over the Vehicle/WarMachine to customize the bottom (Add armor or something on the block)"
76561198025470758,Not Recommended,285920,29840618,Posted: 10 February,all,"Void, the Violet Knight","TerraTech is a neat little idea. You're a little guy who pops down to a planet and steals, crafts, and/or buys bits to put onto yourself to become a DIY Frankenmobile. However, there's one significant problem with this system. Let me try to be short, even though this will probably end up not being as much: Your survival depends strictly on your weapons. Speed and medium of transportation can change, but in the end, your guns are your strength. So, no matter how small, big, fast, slow, etc. you are, the basis of ""More gun = Win"" stands true, right? This creates a paradox in which all crafts made to be more powerful follow three distinct designs that constantly show up in anything that isn't an NPC or a build made only to look good and not work well. I'll call them by the names I've given them, then explain what it means. The first and probably most common is the Stairs design. This is where a tech is built in steps, that can be anywhere from 1 block wide, to things above 5 blocks wide; and every block going up has a weapon on it, and every side of every block has a weapon on it, so in essence you have combat stairs. Then, there's the Wall design. Instead of building up, it builds to the sides or backwards, making a wall where every block across has weaponry on it, then the front/sides is/are either all lasers or drills. Similar in idea, only difference being shape and that it's more likely to melee. Then there's the biggest, ugliest, and generally worst of the designs, the Cube. It's literally a big block of hull with a ton of weapons, mostly arcing guns like the mortars, all over the top, then lasers and what not all over the sides, and the core is either on the front or in the middle. Unfortunately, this design is one of the most effective, as it allows the most weapons and an astounding amount of defense; meaning, with some shields and maybe a regen sphere, it's an unstoppable war machine, and if such a thing invades you, you can kiss goodbye to the land around it unless YOU build one, which is why these designs are so widespread. You have to conform to battle it; so this entire complex system of blocks and guns and thrusts comes down to the Cube, the Wall, or the Stairs. Until you throw efficiency out the window and build for design and accept death - as it becomes a common occurence - you're stuck with these choices, because nothing else works against these except these, and this will keep going until a wrench is thrown into the gears that makes other designs more powerful; i.e. things that work better with any build, and makes ""lots of guns"" strategy null. So yeah, you may get people playing the game; but in the end, all you've got are cubes, stairs, and walls. Don't let the trailers fool you. All those really cool looking techs won't save you from Invaders. Just trust me."
76561198225307376,Recommended,285920,31750278,Posted: 14 May,all,Z_bar9,"Do itJust do itDon't let multiplayer be dreamsYesterday you said tomorrowSo just do itMake multiplayer come trueJust do itSome people dream of multiplayerWhile you're gonna wake up and work hard for itNothing is impossibleYou should get to the pointWhere anyone else would quitAnd you're not going to avoid multiplayerNo, what are you waiting for?Do itJust do itYes you canJust do itIf you're tired of starting overStop giving up"
,Recommended,285920,16545901,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chronohawk,"A bit rough around the edges at this moment in time, but fun for a good few hours with plenty of development potential. I'll be keeping a close eye on this one."
,Recommended,285920,24583532,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,suprgreenmachine,"Terratech dispite being early access it is a very fun and playable game sometimes i get fatal bug reports for just watching youtube while terratech is running, but after logging over 300 hours, i have one thing left to say...EXTEND THE BUILDING BOARDER, or better yet REMOVE IT."
76561198047686063,Recommended,285920,30532767,Posted: 15 March,all,Airanew,"It's quickly improved since I bought it, but as new features are added, more processing power is needed to load every individual bullet coming off of your 'Tech'. Wonderful game, could be improved with some streamlining."
76561198149973339,Recommended,285920,35213533,Posted: 25 September,all,ae86ryan,this Keeps on getting better Everyday
76561198276314756,Recommended,285920,28448948,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,i prefer milk,"This game is very good, and as a young teen this was the best 20 dollars I spent in my life.  The problem is, it is built for a decent computer, so this is not for everyone, I have a decent computer (alienware 13 with amplifier and GTX 980) and my friend has an average laptop, and even on an average laptop the title screen almost runs in a slideshow."
,Recommended,285920,24457407,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MissEve Gaming,"This is a super fun game.In the small amount of time I've played this, it's been fun, fast paced and super easy to make techs.I recommend this game to anyone!While this game is in early access, and still has a fair way to go.. It's really easy to get used to,  easy to create and recreate your tech and overall just an amazing game.Get it!!"
76561198178553335,Recommended,285920,30502530,Posted: 13 March,all,Rubber Duck,"A very enjoyable open-world game, open world and exploration is my kind of thing and this game deserves to be famous and popular (in my opinion). Kepp it up!"
76561198088032954,Recommended,285920,29120010,Posted: 8 January,all,Ettain,"the game is amazing and i can't stop playing it, but the shadows has started to flicker and it's really annoying, so if a developer chould give me a tips on how to fix it then it whould be of great help!"
76561198340144204,Recommended,285920,26641777,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,lolgasde,"Ive been watching this game for a long time now,back when there where no Factions and stuff like this.Now cause i bought a Computer that can handle this i can tell you its even better right now.the devs are doing an awesome Job and im watching all the Streams.Definitely one of the Best Games out there right now."
,Recommended,285920,32748725,Posted: 24 June,all,dewey the lead niⓖⓖer,I love this game it needs some better optmizeation but I love to spend my free time playing it
76561198178778409,Recommended,285920,17204638,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nethergrave,Hard to pick up blocks but fun to play a little laggy on my computer so its not as fun as it would be with no lag.
,Recommended,285920,26470568,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,⟪ Nathanv3.5 ⟫,"I Find it a Great Game, It Adds a Challange To you As you Try to Advance yourself.Bugs However Still Need to be Fixed.I Definitly find this game Fun, And I Highly Suggest Trying it."
76561198138339542,Recommended,285920,25033138,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,suuuur,This game has taught me that fast-growing trees are more dangerous than giant fortresses.10/10Would get catapulted by magical trees again.
,Not Recommended,285920,33814414,Posted: 26 July,all,Pekeponzer,"I mean it's fun for a while, then you realise that every single person has made a giant wall with guns on it and it will destroy you, meaning your creativity is literally punished. Just creating the biggest slope with a metric ♥♥♥♥♥on of guns on itwilldefeat anything that crosses you.""Well why don't you build a small vehicle to outmaneuver them?"" Because enemies 90% of the time spawn facing you, causing your maneuverability to not mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥And all of this is made even worse when the generated quests you are supposed to be doing have a giant tech as an adversary. 90% of the time you will face a giant slope decked out with guns.'s just not fun man."
76561198368785208,Recommended,285920,30860738,Posted: 31 March,all,Snowrider289,Very good game minimal bugs. Some OP weapons but still good.
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,285920,33564265,Posted: 15 July,all,Metebacsi,"Could be a classic if the devs fix the major cons in the next few years.If the dev's keep up fixing the game, I will definitely change my review to recommended.Pros:- It's just fun- Great concept- Quite a few fun blocks- Many types of opponentsCons:- Difficult as a beginner, when you don't have a base it's a very strong punishment that you have to start over with a very basic machine and lose all of your progress (re-buying your machine is nearly impossible at that point)- Controls & mechanics are a bit painful to learn, but it does work out later on- Accidental base destroy is actually a fact, the game should ask 'Do you want to disassamble X blocks?' when you are above a threshold (Maybe 20 blocks?) as it is way to easy to accidentally self destruct your work- Manually moving blocks is very tedious at the moment, again prone to accidental misclicks- Big bases, many ai mechs does have a strong performance impact on the game- Planes are difficult to build and even more difficult to drive- Terrible AI (gets stuck in every terrain obstacle)- Should have a similar blackhole collector for resources as for blocks- Game sometimes spawns a bunch of super mega bosses around you when you are low on power and just returning to your base- No multiplayer"
,Recommended,285920,21142016,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,hatstalin miku,"A good start to a game. Minecraft-ish people will feel right at home, and designing your own vehichles can be fun. But patches are few and far between, and there aren't a lot of good parts to choose from yet.Current stuff to choose from:Wannabe cosmonots: Looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's the best you have in terms of creativityRace-guys: Nice guns. Too bad they're mounted on a ferrari made out of paper.Big♥♥♥♥♥contruction guys: Cool drills and wheels. Too bad everything they gave looks like a Tonka Truck from my childhood...(RIP YELLOW DUMP TRUCK)Also crafting in this game is frustrating, along with base building. The UI also flickers on and off and it's annoying."
,Recommended,285920,18285623,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ru'n Too'n Dabbin Putin,"I felt it would've been to early for me to write a reveiw unless I have at least 10hrs of playtime and read a couple of reveiws to get a feel for what questions people might have.Pros:The game is in a far better progresive state than most (Early Access) gamesSo far the Devs have stuck to what they have promised for their game, it never used to have AI modules or base building  early on, they said they would add it as well as a couple other features and they have stuck to they're word.The design testing feature in the challanges mode is a great way for FTP (First Time Playing) players to get a feel for the mechanics and feel for good design work.Tying in with my last Pro, the Sumo mode lets you screen cap and save the design to be used in other modes like Story (you don't start off with the design though, you have to buy it at the trade post).The game will auto-save if for whatever reason if it closes unexpectidly.Cons:[Keep in mind some of these might change with the progression of the development due to the Early Access]First things first, When alot of bullets are flying or the lights to my base kick on the game freezes and my drivers crash every so often.The Sumo mode is a nice feature but it needs an update since there are more building components now.I am ok with DLC to a point but the game isn't even out of Early Access yet we shouldn't have to be thinking about the DLCs yet.Others:I write ""others"" because this one is a toss up. Uploading your designs to twitter, apparently telling a steam user that the process of sharing a tech design can be easier if you use some social media is just a down right crappy idea. What could the developers be thinking when they added the option to share a tech design on a populor social media site thats soul purpose is to share information to people about what the user is doing right now. What I'm trying to say is people are complaining that they can't share their designs without using social media! Thats like me telling a cashier that he/she is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for giving me the option of putting my items into a bag or a sack instead of walking out of the store with all my items in my arms. Anyway the whole twitter thing is optional and although I'm not sure you need to upload it to twitter to have your design invade other players, I do know that you don't need to use twitter to share your design with people. Just go into your C: drive click Program Files (x86), then Steam, now SteamApps, common, last the TerraTech Beta file. There you should find a PNG file titled the same as what you're design is called, next you just take that picture and share it to anyone you want.Overall at the curant state of the game I give it an 8.7/10 and hope to see more inprovment as it developes (most of all a Co-op option)."
76561198241991472,Recommended,285920,17670293,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,communist_virus,THIS GAME IS AWESOME. although there should be a peaceful.
76561198116699770,Recommended,285920,17870907,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,sertsert5bre,"This is a great game, I loved it seconds after I got it. Though, I can't figure out how to rotate blocks, so if someone will help me with that, that'd be awesome. Great game."
,Recommended,285920,17247484,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SeanDDD,This game is so awsome I Love it. : )
,Recommended,285920,15189747,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Craig,Awesome game! Still working great!
76561198081426786,Recommended,285920,15201876,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,pogal,It is a fun game
,Recommended,285920,15600354,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kawa,Blow up enemies steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥blow up more enemies the game in a nutshell  and very fun
76561198172820550,Recommended,285920,15716254,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LightCoreLT,"this game is awesome, especialy for those who like creating machines or creating anything at all. there you basicaly survive from other enemy bots and advance by finding new parts or crafting them. sadly there is a bug with the in-game guide, where it may get stuck on a position which you may have looted or didnt becouse it didnt give the loot, but dont expect it  to be perfect - its just early acess"
76561198019494280,Recommended,285920,23977138,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Infernoraptor (GEWP),"It's far from perfect and just as far from done. That said; it's fun! It has some great ideas and they are doing a great job with it. If you like the crafting from Robocraft and free roamers, you'll like this. Highly reccomended"
76561197998719756,Recommended,285920,29147876,Posted: 9 January,all,ajdizzy,"I've discovered Terra Tech by chance on youtube and it seemd interesting so I followed it for a couple of months and finally decided to buy it.Even in early access it is a good game with plenty of diversity that will keep you glued in front of the computer until late at night (very late).To be honest I've bought it for the tech/base building part but I was pleasantly surprised of the skirmish part as well as the resource gathering part.If I could change one thing I would change the collectors when ther gather the resources from the ground from ""tractor beams"" to teleportes. This way resource blocks would not get stuck under my tech and would help with my O.C.D.Overall GG. Keep up the good work developers."
76561198373994726,Recommended,285920,33120216,Posted: 2 July,all,Bronzeinquizitor,"This is an excellent game for people who like challenges creativity and survival style gameplay. I enjoy playing the campeign which is the mode where you have missions to complete and you have to find resources and blocks or craft blocks. It means you have creative freedom but you have to find and craft parts for your creation. I think the corporation leveling system is unique. You have to complete missions for each corporation to level your license up and unlock new parts to use. It makes the game more interesting and the many parts allow almost unlimited possible designs for your tech. They recently added a creative mode where you get unlimited parts if you just feel like building. I've only run into one bug that being my save file being corrupted. I'm not sure if this was the game or my computer but if it was the game, it's still in beta and is going to have bugs it's expected. Overall this is an excellent game it is completely worth the money. I recommend this game to others if the game is the style you play or not. I can't wait for the full game to be out."
76561198311631357,Recommended,285920,25745523,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,^4Steel ^1Jackal ^2~FYANB~,"This game is really fun and intresting. There are a nearly infinite number of ways to build your tech, and with comunity techs spawning in your world theres no limit to the number of unique and intresting enemy tech that you can come across. TerraTech is still in early access but it already has great content, and theres plenty more to come of it in the future thanks to its active devs who actually talk to members of the community."
76561198197951383,Recommended,285920,35231846,Posted: 26 September,all,Spartan,"You need a fast computer. The game is really fun, it sometimes can get frustrating. If you buy this in early acess don't be sad that you lost your data when the next update comes out b/c it will happen a lot (it has happened to me multiple times)."
76561198063833719,Recommended,285920,18011618,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Alsndrr,"I reccomend it if you can get throug the starts its ok but FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE PLEASE MAKE THE WHOLE ""WHEIGHT"" THING BETTER... that would be awsome i just bought it and other then that its ok"
76561198016980571,Recommended,285920,26954196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elite29er,"Although this game has its ups and downs with bugs and such, it is a fantastic game for exploring, building vehicles and just general jack♥♥♥♥♥ery. Great game, solid 5/7"
,Recommended,285920,16904158,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Vivigatsu,If your interested in a sandbox styled game with loads of Customization This game is for you. And while the game is still under development getting it ahead of time allows you the chance to tinker with different ideas for vehicles as well as allowing you to build a decent sized base all your own. Put your own flair into the game and make it say it's yours.
76561198079926580,Recommended,285920,25579454,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,_Nikolai_8894,"Hey, I bought this game a long time ago and never really had much time to play it. I've been really enjoying it so far tho, and I can't wait for more corporations to appear with more parts to fuel my creative designs! Some downsides is that it can be a bit buggy when you build a giant base. much larger than really needed but when you get into it and realise you've dumped hours into the game you can see where these giant creations come from. Overall 9/10 AI and some missions are still a bit buggy but not game breaking. Keep up the hard work!"
,Recommended,285920,25896861,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Huzbum,"I love this game.  It's like Legos, BattleBots, and Minecraft made a baby."
76561198206262265,Recommended,285920,34719352,Posted: 3 September,all,Tabby Slime,"Terratech is great! I reccomend it a lot! One thing that could make ti better though is the ability to spawn enemies in creative. Anyway, great game!"
76561198076256599,Recommended,285920,18007224,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Eclipse Fantasy,Love the game fun and addicting
,Recommended,285920,18993027,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,RandomMajin,"Pretty good game, still in beta so things will always change. As long as I'm able to find my base wherever I am, I'm good. Also, bases have actually been fixed from what I've seen so far, will continue to update as updates continue."
,Recommended,285920,17540878,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ethan,WOOH i highly recommend it....
76561198132487615,Recommended,285920,28792905,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Choprocker,This is a very good game. great design but runs a bit slow.
76561198283928853,Recommended,285920,26222354,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Gabernyx Gaming,"Too laggy, But that's probably just my computer... Good game though!"
76561198146040796,Recommended,285920,32078757,Posted: 30 May,all,gandalf the gamer,"awesome game, i highly recomend this game to people how like adventure, craft and war games. great game to play and muck around on very basic way of building process and basic gameplay one of the best game i have brought. :)))the only down side so far is that theres no PVE in creative mode. devs need at least have an option to have PVE on or off :("
76561198076036364,Recommended,285920,31613898,Posted: 7 May,all,Dank Tanks,"Personally, I wish the R & D pack was part of the base game. Other than that, this is a great sandbox game for people who don't like really complex games. (Unless you're making an aircraft. Those are nightmares to build successfully.)Edit:♥♥♥♥♥♥ just realized there's a creative mode in the game. I suppose that means R & D is basically in the base game."
76561198091569503,Recommended,285920,18358802,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,{BBOX}duckstepaddictionz[NL],"very fun game, the steering is a bit weird to me, but a great concept"
76561198192643510,Recommended,285920,25575434,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dark_Slasher43,TerraTech is a very fun game that you can enjoy at almost any time and that has a very unique playstyle.
76561198241344812,Recommended,285920,34492536,Posted: 25 August,all,IAbyss_ csgogem.com,"This game is extremely fun and creative... but... My question is, this game has been out for almost 3 years, how is it still in early access. Its fun for a while, and its difficult"
76561198050230118,Recommended,285920,31433030,Posted: 28 April,all,annefl,"I didn't think this game looked like my sort of thing, but I gave it a shot and I'm glad I did. It's fun, addictive and unique. Well worth the price I paid for it at discount."
,Recommended,285920,19063599,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,無尽のチーズケーキ,This is an awesome  game but there are too much bugs waiting for get fixed.
,Not Recommended,285920,26164128,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,𝓒𝓻𝓲𝓼𝓹𝔂 𝓑,"The game has an interesting and cool idea, but doesn't keep me playing for more than 20 minutes. I find a lack of things to do, and the game gets repetitive quickly. Fight, build car, heal, repeat. I will probaly change my review when it exits early access, but for now, the game will have to wait."
76561198127946977,Recommended,285920,17939718,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sluggy24,"Very good game.A good mixture or collection and tier based combat and expansion.This game also offers different playing styles to join in with a more aggressive approach of destroying everyone and taking their stuff, or avoiding combat and focusing on buying your own blocks and perhaps making a fleet"
76561198202216048,Recommended,285920,15630663,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lukas,it flickers
76561198029306792,Recommended,285920,26627732,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,66,I love TerraTech! It's all about crafting vehicles with wacky weapons and blocks and i'm all for that! This game is perfect in my eyes! The challenge is great as you try to advance your little buggy into a warmachine and the mini base-building aspects are great!
76561198080890346,Recommended,285920,24003168,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Davidsonlogan21,"love it. the only thing wrong, is there's no creative mode like minecraft where you have all the parts and can build anything you want in the first 5 minutes. other than that i love it."
76561198134741911,Recommended,285920,33527793,Posted: 13 July,all,The Stone Based Gem,Yeah it's a cool game it's fun strapping cruse missiles to a plane and causing havoc around the map
76561198419662942,Recommended,285920,35161411,Posted: 23 September,all,pjolson79,crazy lagy and takes 45 min. to start up
76561198095334820,Recommended,285920,15528403,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,A very lonely sandworm,You can use your IMAGINATION and build whatever you like!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,285920,29282827,Posted: 15 January,all,lol,meh ill play some120 hours later
76561198330544365,Recommended,285920,29374773,Posted: 20 January,all,WOAH!!!,The perfect game for me
76561198284258786,Recommended,285920,30637552,Posted: 20 March,all,Eco Echo,"I live this game. It is very engrossing, and as of March 2017, they are still updating it weekly. I like how it isn't quite as easy as it used to be, which I disliked, but then loved because it is less boring. I will update this review at a later date.Update: I love the new crafting system! It makes it more like factorio but more accessible, e.g. it automates itself rather than you setting it up."
,Recommended,285920,25516584,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DominicDarknessNightmare,This game is amazing and well balanced it has everything a custom design tank shooter game could be asked for all I could say is that I am simply in love with this game only thing I think it is missing is the ability to make a walker.
,Recommended,285920,22510984,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,La_Cucaracha,"Updated: 8/29/20163 months after my initial review, it's time for an update.Stability issues have been worked out for the most part.  Once in a while I might get a crash, but the game politely asks me if I want to save and submit a bug report and lets me keep playing.At the heart of it, this game is Mad Max meets Mechwarrior.   The gameplay reminds me of some older DOS games I used to play, and it's a genre that I haven't seen done right in a vehicle game in a while.    A lot of these games had fixed hardpoints, and fixed body types.  TerraTech's building system let's you build pretty much anything the wheels can support.You initially start out with what's called a ""Cab"".  You get a starter gun and some wheels, now you're off to rebuild your war machine.  Initially the game starts you off on small, equal opponents.  You pick their parts after defeating them, attatching them and increasing the firepower (and weight) of your vehicle.   Parts come from various manufacturers, each avaliable after leveling up.Eventually you find the singularity unit, and the store.  Now the real fun begins.  You mine some resources, and make enough to start building a base.  Drop your singularity by some destroyed enemy parts, and it sucks it into your inventory. (I like leading them back to it) The base blocks are very functional, and there is a pretty easy to use conveyor system for moving things to parts of your base.   Several blocks chained together can increase the value of your mined resources by refining them, then using the refined materials to make new blocks that you can sell.Through refinement or purchase, you gain additional ""Ai"" units.  (Protip.. Use wheels that keep them slow.) Now you plop one of these on your first creation, and start working on a second, or you can just let the little Ai cabs run around your feet with their pew pew shots.  Your choice.Good game design has a few elements.  It has to reward the player into playing the game correctly, and Terratech does.  At some point your best car will have slow wheels (so minerals don't drop) a battery to keep a shield and repair bubble charged, and some tractor blocks in a t shape with a generator in the middle.  This way you just have to mine the oil, or knock down a tree to keep your shields charged.  Now you can really start dishing out the damage.*Pros*Great concept based on an older genre.  Could easily be called ""The most flexible"" of this genreIntuitive gameplay that leads a player towards playing the game right.  Great design.Great physics and mechanics*Wishlist*There's a few elements of the game that I think can be improved:SCU Unit: It's sort of a minor annoyance to have to move an SCU near parts.  Why not haveeach cab with a built in SCU unit?  As long as the cab stays parked for an extended period, it starts collecting parts.  Another side benefit?  Less parts that have to be drawn.Infinite Deployment Consoles:  The deployment console should always be avaliable.  I usually buy a few before heading into a new area, but I do forget to once in a while.  It would be nice to always have them on hand.  I don't mind paying for them, it's just annoying to drive back to another deploy console to get another pocketful.Flight:  I don't like the ""autoswitch"" between modes.   If I have shift held down, then for all intents and purposes I should be in flight mode.Radar/Flight: I think the Flight radar needs to be more like a jet fighter HUD that gives me a little green ""Lock On"" triangle overlayed in my viewfield.  When I'm trying to strafe units, the current radar doesn't help me much.Multiple Unit selection:  Would love to be able to select multiple units/cabs the way you do in most RTS's.Unit right click context actions:  If I right click a blank area of a map in RTS games, the AI assumes I mean, ""Move to this point""  If I have a harvesting unit and right click on a resource, most RTS's know to ""Harvest"" and if I right click an enemy, it knows to ""Attack""Unit grouping: Assign unit to a groupHotkeys Hotkeys Hotkeys:Ctrl-a (Select all visible units)Left Click + Ctrl (add unit to selection)Ctrl-Z UndoCtrl + 0-9 = assign selected to groupCtrl + H = Selected Harvest nearestCtrl + G = Selected Attack nearestYou get the idea.Conclusion:  This is one of those early access games where the developers are listening, and coming through on their promises.  I would support this studios next endeavor after Terratech.   If they can ever make this work multiplayer, it's going to be amazing.  Get it now while it's cheap.Edit Log:8/29/2016 Removed:""""This is an early access game, so instead of knocking it for instabilities, hats off to the dev's.  It's been years since I've had a game that completely cripples my system during a crash to the point where I need to perform a hard reset.  Bravo!""""""""That being said, let's get into the meat and bones of TerraTech.""""""""Other than the crashes that need a hard reset, none.  Can't wait for it to get stable."""""
,Recommended,285920,24876544,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,spyfire2000,"I really like this game and find it really exiting, time consuming (in a good way), fun, and I love experimenting with different blocks. The only problem I could find is the fact that no screen recording program seems to be able to record terra tech without either crashing or missing out big chunks of the video. If anyone knows a screen recording software that will not do either of those whilst recording terra tech, then please tell me. Other than that, this game is one of my favourite games (one of my top three)!"
,Recommended,285920,18009189,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Destroir17,LUV IT! :D
,Recommended,285920,29660968,Posted: 2 February,all,PeeweeBus,"I have played this game for a loooonnnggg time. even though it says have on;y played for 123.5 hrs, i have played for over a thousand but my saves were wiped after getting a virus before i had anti-virus software. This game is defintly buggy, and as complained below. This has gotten better over time, it used to be so bad you would have to get the hitbox exactly. this game does have a problem with physics as the game engine is not very well though out and if you have a amd card your cpu, as i have an i7 will be hovering between 60 and 50 percent load. As with any other game, ignore the specs recommended. A rx460 or gtx 1050 or 1050ti will probably get you by with 70 - 60 fps at medium. with a rx 470 or a gtx 1060 expect to max this game out easily. Would fully recommend thid game as it gives a very wide range of possibilties, despite the dim trailer.PS, if you have an amd card, i5 to i7, or a very high spec amd cpu, i have an older i7 at 4ghz so if you expect to run an amd, wait till ryzen comes out and get intel, they arent slow and they arent bad for gaming, they just turn your computer into a FREAKING heater.if you have a good cooling solution though, dont bother"
76561198049689775,Recommended,285920,17937344,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Das Vuffenspousaller,"10/10 would be a space jew again.10/10 would tear down the enviorment for industry9/11 would trash A.I Bases againAfter talking with a friend, we decided there should be a multiplayer where you play as a team."
76561198325559956,Recommended,285920,34356266,Posted: 19 August,all,tinytanker44,I like this game... But i would ask if you would make a multiplayer mode for all of the modes in the game. Anyway... THIS GAME IS EPIC!
76561198196188725,Recommended,285920,30900735,Posted: 2 April,all,stampythebluecat,I have played and watched this game for a while. For early access its amazing slighty tedious but still amazing. To make it better you could add a multiplayer mode or a multiplayer story because me and my friends have it but always wanted to play together. I now it would be difficult to code but that is what would make the game better than it already is.
76561198258907143,Recommended,285920,19050872,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Minifinger,"If you get the deluxe pack, it's more fun, because you can make things that are useless or just fun to use. Also, you can make vehicles and then buy them in story mode. The adventure aspect is the best of any game I have played."
76561198259816185,Recommended,285920,18999210,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ChocoMeister,"This game is great if you like sandbox and building games. It requires a bit of strategy and knowledge too. I would r8 it 8/8 on the m8 scale m18.But seriously, this game requires some thinking, and it is fun. If you want a mindless game that requires nothing but an empty skull go play something else like CoD. Please play this game, it will make your day, AND I hope that this review made your day too. : ) Happy game hunting : )"
76561198191849227,Recommended,285920,35072762,Posted: 19 September,all,Kleadron,its liek minecraftbut with world of tanksand legos
76561198276913504,Recommended,285920,23530114,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nicholaspizza!!!,best game ever but i wish you could choose if you wanted to be a plane or a car
76561198164494907,Not Recommended,285920,15565960,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Brown Lives,this game has changed so much from when i got it i just dont want to play it. When you play this game for the first time make sure you look at some tutorials this is not a game you can just open and play you have to do some reserch.
76561198244526570,Recommended,285920,24340449,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,CENcrafter,Its a good game but is near imposible to swich betwen bots ive made but i have an idea that can make it easy to swich between bots. By clicking on the icon that is above the robots it would be much more easy to do or add a set key to allow  you to swich to the robot you are looking at (only the robots made by the user). Thank you if you consider this idea.
76561198009279543,Recommended,285920,16940128,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Supreme Petters,Its like Heroin except I don't wake up naked in a McDonalds playground after playing this game.
76561198049212076,Not Recommended,285920,17816119,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,[MLTC] MrGoRdOnToYoU,"good game but would be bettter if it doesnt force you to make a twiter account, just for it forcing you to make an account to play online or make your bot public for others. i will not recomend this game for only this reason you change it ill change my review."
,Recommended,285920,17513749,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Jason Eller,"TerraTech, an absolute amazing game!I recently obtain this game from Steam and got the Gold Edition, this is easily my best-balanced game out of 319 games I currently own.As it is right now, it is in beta, but based on what I have seen and played, it is a finished product in my opinion. If you want a game that is going to challenge every part of your brain, then this is it. You are constantly having to plan out what you’re going to do on the move, surprises happen, and you have to adapt to the world around you, and what you have to work with is blocks, blocks that allow you to make whatever you can imagine.I will state it again, this is the best game in my library at the moment, nothing beats it overall."
,Recommended,285920,18280531,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,newcookie,"Played this one at EGX and after got home. ""must have""one thing it's missing is aim function but after a while you don't need it.would be nice to have multiplayer. Games has some strange invasion thing don't know how it works but enemies show up maybe they are real people maybe devs don't know ""Tank by payload studios"" devs trying to kill me thats cool :PDrive--->kill--->sell :D"
,Recommended,285920,14543257,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,★ MNI | Magotrap,What if captain forever (a flash game) Got turned into a 3d game? This is the resultPros:Good sandbox conceptNeat invasion mode.Challenging chalengesSICK GUITARSConsNeeds multiplayerIt could use steam workshopNeeds part crafting guide.
76561198171828687,Recommended,285920,19258599,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ShadowWolf,its a really good game
24681012141618202,Recommended,285920,16946871,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Styles22,"I think this game is great but I accidentaly destroyed the propeller on the gaurdian ""lift off"" and I could not make it or buy it, Please make more planes appear so I and other people and I dont have to deal with this problem. Thank you"
,Recommended,285920,17924869,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Stitch783,This game is so good and i like how i can create pretty much anything
,Recommended,285920,17140797,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Alydus,"Absoletely amazing game.Not Positive:. Slightly buggy, game doesn't crash but has 'internal errors', not very frequently.. AI doesn't work whatsoeverPositive:. Extremely large variety of different blocks to build with.. Lots of different biomes to explore that contain different types of blocks.. A large variety of 'Techs' that the community have built. 500+. And much more.I absoletely love the concept of this game, and cannot wait until it gets out of early access. Wow."
,Recommended,285920,14476318,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Reinhart,"Love the game, just wish I had a stronger system so I could fully enjoy the game. Love the ability to piece together my truck and made AI controlled partners in the career mode"
,Recommended,285920,14480063,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Very good game to make stuff that go, so much will get added,well worth a look in your in to making your own tiny movable stuff with guns"
,Recommended,285920,14653422,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gwog,"TerraTech is like playing Legos with an A-hole older brother. Just about the time you get things built to your satisfaction, an invader swoops in an decimates everything. Still, very fun, high re-play value. Fairly simple to learn, not much of a tutorial. R&D chamber satisfies the sandbox craving well (all parts available with no enemies) Tons of potential. I would love to see more gameplay options - enemy population frequency, godmode, weather, gravity. Overall, very fun."
76561198124252289,Recommended,285920,14656606,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,vanbot2000,"2/25/15great game loads of fun and creativity yet i think i speak for thousands of people who play this game take out the invasions there way to overpowered im made of 5 blocks 3 guns and some wheels and the invasions comes and i am against something litarally 10 times my size with way more guns armour and speed and another thing is please add a crafting GUI like in the 3.0 versions also the 3.0 had one huge regenerative shield and reguler defence shield in one which was great when you get deep into the game and have these massive building driving on wheels, those tiny shields dont do anything for them and honestly i wish you devs could go back to the 3.0 updates and expand from there because im tellin ya you hit the nail on the head with 3.0otherwise hopefully you will do a optimization update from time to time that would be glorious :)4/4/15i waited for a couple of updates before i started playing again and i have to say it is well polished since feb but now my only concern is STOP THE INVASIONS"
76561198132288811,Recommended,285920,14684142,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,jamespl9,it cool but i what to know how to make stuff right a away
76561198106589206,Recommended,285920,15191929,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GingerSheep,I got a free copy in my library but i already own the game
76561198085745067,Recommended,285920,14453265,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Scar03,this is a great game and played when it demo was out on steam but now i bought the deluxe version of the game and for some reason is crashing and i dont know if its my computer or the game but any way this is great =]
,Recommended,285920,14458255,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lyraeus,"I love this game. This game is a blast to play and has a great pace!A few things that come to mind that can be improved, better Controller support. I am using a 3rd Party PS3 controller and the game works great, I would like to be able to turn with the controlle though, wich I believe is a WIP for a future update.Another critique would be a better explanation on how blocks work. Such as Receiver blocks and the creator block."
76561198231468572,Recommended,285920,24992628,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Watcher,"First time played, died in the night. Great game 10/10. Would play again."
76561198136632775,Recommended,285920,24414219,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tonitaandu,"This game was already awesome and it is still getting lots of usefull updates. Bugs may happen due to the early access, but it isn't bad because you are really getting supported by the developers. ;D"
76561198272995417,Recommended,285920,28929227,Posted: 1 January,all,Amen2Ramen,This Game is Amazing!
,Recommended,285920,28978834,Posted: 3 January,all,Frin,This game makes me feel like playing with Legos when I was a child.But in a more explosive way.
76561198063889086,Recommended,285920,25861439,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,rocknriff,"All in all a pretty good game, just two issues one big one small. The big issue is that in the 48 minutes I played, the game crashed 3 times. The small issue is that once the resolution goes past a certain point the text becomes impossible to read. Other than that it's quite good and has an innovative and intuitive design"
76561198028108844,Recommended,285920,29151117,Posted: 9 January,all,djxx2,"This is a great game.  I have been watching it for a while and has taken such great progression.  The graphics do seem intensive for lower end computers which can cause lag, but for the mid-level to high-level machines, the game runs great.  I do recommend this game as it is one of my favorites in my library."
,Recommended,285920,30241344,Posted: 28 February,all,K. Ostwind,"Feel like ""Robocraft"" could use a singleplayer mode? Worried that ""From The Depths"" is too complex? Are you forever wondering what Minecraft could be if you drove around in giant vehicles with guns? (Cliche Minecraft comparison, yay.)Well, if you're not too afraid of wading into the septic tank of Early Access, this is the game for you. Build your base, mine resources, manufacture new blocks to stick on your craft... and we have guns. Lots and lots of guns.Pros: Great basebuilding, great vehicle-building, a fair amount of variety in parts for each, a quest system, random world generation, Twitter integration for those of you who actually like interacting on social media... and a downright American amount of guns.Cons: All the obvious caveats that come with Early Access, no true endgame as of yet, and sub-par optimization when a lot of objects are on-screen."
,Recommended,285920,20879560,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,[DG] Atom,I love the quality of the graphics also the gameplay style
76561198083702069,Recommended,285920,24210826,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,M18 Hellcat,Terra Tech is a very fun game.
76561198144195869,Recommended,285920,33636907,Posted: 18 July,all,Lemonfrost,"This game allows all your creativity to flow through you... and also blast it into your enemies' face! (well, actually their cab, because vehicles dont have faces.) Honestly one of my favorite sandbox games because YOU choose how you progress, whether it be by harvesting resources and fabricating new parts or by blowing up enemies and hoping they drop what you want. There are a few minor issues and bugs, but this is early access.  10/10 would buy for a friend"
,Recommended,285920,18479294,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,That Bard,Its a really good game if you like building you can build sooooo msny things from bulldozers to planes hovercrafts to race cars its a really fun game
76561198169252253,Recommended,285920,28622052,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ThoVig,"Do you like building tanks, cars, planes, helicopters?Do you like doing missions?Do you like leveling up and getting more and cooler stuff?Do you like making an automated crafting base?Then this game is for you."
76561198313860361,Recommended,285920,35451393,Posted: 3 October,all,Shadowtexan,Great Game
,Recommended,285920,35489053,Posted: 5 October,all,Burinsan,"A very awesome game with great vehicle building mechanics, base construction, and content. Gets a little repetitive, but overall definitley worth what i paid for it."
76561198308545414,Recommended,285920,35456550,Posted: 3 October,all,insert profile name here,Great GameIts a litte annoying at first but thats basicly the grinding in itJust a word of advice: always pick on someone your own size
76561198233361152,Not Recommended,285920,35506998,Posted: 5 October,all,Flint Underbough,"It requires twitter, which for one is stupid. Why? Why can't I just play competitive without having to sign up for a bunch of crap? This game isn't worth ANY money. It is a peice of crap. The campaign is dumb, and bugged extremely. EVERY SINGLE THIGN IN THE GAME IS GLITCHED. Your gonna say, 'Oh boo hoo it is in beta."" Well, why has it been released if so far the game doesn't even WORK? Don't even bother replying to me, because I ain't gonna read it. Im done with this game and if I can't refund it im gonna be mad."
76561198037633383,Recommended,285920,15248710,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gobbolock,"This is a great game and is updated regually making it better ever time, it really tops of a exelent game with lots of choice and freedom"
76561198082520598,Recommended,285920,15176954,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Happy Elmo,the games duplacating  after the new update but the games great
76561198005493970,Recommended,285920,15368543,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,revoult,good game
76561198130207483,Recommended,285920,26723126,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ant222,This game is a good game if you like free roming and robots thats that fight each other. There is also quest that you can do to get more parts to costomize your robot. There is a day and night cycle and much more. The producers allow you to make youtube videos if the veiwers know that terratech is an early acess game. I very much recomend to anyone. This game is SO worth the $20.00.
76561198049853206,Recommended,285920,29834649,Posted: 10 February,all,gatslinger,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. It's a mix of robocraft and minecraft, because you build your creation to be better and because you find resources to build."
,Recommended,285920,32727078,Posted: 24 June,all,TheRedKittyCat,"This game is AMAZING.  I haven't played it since around the start of 2016, but now I got back in to it, it has improved massively.Still has some bugs in the game, but it's Early Access, what do you expect?I sometimes find it a bit laggy, but thats just my computer.  Doesn't stop me!Probably one of the best games i've played.  I highly recommend that you buy this game."
76561198106308056,Recommended,285920,33752965,Posted: 23 July,all,OMEGALUL,"I only recommend this game to the people who have alot of patience.This game has been in developement for a very long time now and its kinda sad seeing this game is still in early acces for such a long time.i dont even think this game is going to be out of early acces Next year.The game itself is pretty fun though-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You can make your own AI to fight for you, Gather for you, Defend for youMine Materials, Gather Materials,Craft Materials,Build your own base [That will probably get destroyed because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥spawn points]Build any ♥♥♥♥ing Monster Machine you want just soo it gets destroyed Over and over....It has still alot of bugs.The AI is still♥♥♥♥♥♥and sadly gets boring after sometime because of the same campaing over and over, atleast there are a ton of updates."
76561198136343541,Recommended,285920,23874771,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TTEDD,"I stoped playing this game about a year ago and I just started playing it again. They have made AWESOME updates to it and now it's REALLY fun!!! I've always loved this game, and now, I love it even more!"
,Recommended,285920,21172762,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹[EBB]Megio⧸⎠╱,"Really nice game,a bit boring but still nice. I hate while I die because while invasion i can't take back my blocks,the enemy stays near them.....this thing is annoying.....the drone thing is fantastic but not enough clever (bumps on a tree,it doesn't go back)....Nice game"
76561198210738583,Recommended,285920,25712664,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,zetious1201,"This game is awesome, I love strategy games and this is one of the best strategy games I've played!!!!!! While there are a few bugs this is understandable because it is an early release game. I can wait until they get done with all the future corps and other things like that!!!"
,Recommended,285920,22097777,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AC-Gamer,"TerraTech is an open world block based combat game that puts you in the role of a free lance opportunist upon an alien planet. You crash land upon the surface in your cab, the first piece you get to set you on your way to a bigger and better bot. You can acquire blocks that can connect to each other in any way you can dream of, each enemy you destroy makes your stronger as their parts go flying about for you to gather and attach to your bot. Three corporations vie for your assistance, GSO the all around average blocks that are tough but have decent weight to them, the venture blocks, speedy light weight but weak against attack and the Geo Corp blocks, large heavy but extremely strong blocks that can dominate the landscape with sheer size.Grow your fleet as you build new and exciting designs but don’t forget to explore the base building as with the raw resources scattered across the three biomes you can craft and create your own blocks rather than resort to finding them from attacks, or if you prefer buy them from the shop to build the perfect creations.Pros:-	A rather unique style of game play that will pull you in and keep you coming back for more.-	Build defensively or battle your way to victory, the choice is left in your hands-	A crafting system that promises to be quite in depth and enjoyable-	The combat is light and fun, leaving you wanting to risk it all for that next new piece you have yet to discover.-	The sound is amazing, both music and the battle sound effects all serve to pull you into the game and immerse you deeply in your new world.-	The graphics are great and will stop you in your tracks as you sit and watch the sun come up over the ridge or simply go out for a bit of night driving to see all the head lights of enemies off in the distance.-	A great deal of updates each adding a number of new and exciting elements as well as fixing bugs.-	A dev team that both cares about its players and listens to what they want.Cons:-	The game is still in development and so bugs and crashes that can end your adventure and save game can happen from time to time. (this of course will change once the game is finished)-	A lot of changes with each patch that you won’t have access to unless you restart your game. (This is more of an inconvenience then anything as you will want to experiment with more costly designs and may find it hard to do so and restart all the time.)-	The more blocks you create and find the more lag you will see (this of course depends on your computer specs and the better the computer the less lag you will have but at some point even the most advanced computers will lag and become unplayable) quick note, if you drive away from the area with all the blocks your lag will clear up so may not wish to build everything in one location for now.In conclusion, TerraTech is a great game in which you, the player gets to explore all the things you always wanted to build as a kid but never had the chance to. Lego’s meets battle bots in this fun romp through combat, building and crafting. 4.5 out of 5.AC-Gamerhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTyGAG_geVh4bHUZR29rqqNApaGLjAOdOhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On28m6XxUn4&index=45&list=PLTyGAG_geVh4bHUZR29rqqNApaGLjAOdOhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM81t0jWb3U&index=48&list=PLTyGAG_geVh4bHUZR29rqqNApaGLjAOdOhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iIv0-yKh5s&index=64&list=PLTyGAG_geVh4bHUZR29rqqNApaGLjAOdO"
,Recommended,285920,24636095,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ThePyroPsycho,I love the soundtrack and the gameplay! :D
76561198136444341,Recommended,285920,23729945,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bakugantj,This is a great game that looks at weight and robotics as well with many enemies
76561198259258631,Recommended,285920,29098245,Posted: 7 January,all,ngneal,"A very cool game I love the costom vehicle building,AI guards,and base making a few resolvable issues but there is one thing about this game that annoys me.Too many eneimies spawn close to my base I lost my entire base because of this even with AI turrets it is hard to defend. Please make enemies spawn farther away from a base."
76561198282066453,Recommended,285920,23709713,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Prime,Terra tech is a asom game to play and it's challinging toprotect ur cab.
,Recommended,285920,20417149,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lord Farquaad,"its a really fun game but 1 thing that i like to see is: that the ""gso rotating anchor"" can rotate on techs."
,Recommended,285920,28553150,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,|DG| Sypist,"The game is wonderful! aside from trees and rocks wanting to spawn right underneath my tech making it fly across the world and never being able to find my way home again. other than that, its wonderful!"
,Recommended,285920,25761465,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Elon61,"This is a really cool game, but it still lacks multiplayer :(I  most definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes minecraft style games and like building stuff :P"
,Recommended,285920,30763320,Posted: 26 March,all,Cucumber Kman,"TerraTech is a good game. It has good graphics, a GREAT concept, and some very enthusiastic players(me). I would Definitly recomend it and give it a 100 out of 5 star rating."
,Recommended,285920,14768778,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mottflyer,"I'm happy to change my review from negative to positive! TerraTech has had alot of improvements and is alot more playable and fun!Again. TerraTech is a build-your-vehicle open world game where you kill enemies and take their body parts and add them to your Tech. You can build bases and allies and can craft blocks with the resourses around the map.Sadly, TerraTech doesn't have much to do after a while so a usually restart the main game after a day or two.Luckly, the update cycle is incredibly short and that's a good thing, major updates come after 5-15 days always keeping the game interesting."
,Recommended,285920,30544960,Posted: 16 March,all,Marwan ✖ celerium.co,Love this game but it will be Soooooo much better if it was online :( [ but still love this game 100% recommend ]
,Recommended,285920,24069616,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr.Waffles,its a good game but i cant play it on linux so i cant play it at all
76561198339105200,Recommended,285920,34691984,Posted: 2 September,all,S.M.L CHEIF  dylanmonkey07,AWESOME GAME but needs stuff like a smelter and probably a new geocorp drill thats for level 4 thats a quadruple head boar drill and more powerful turrets
76561198271767173,Recommended,285920,25988656,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,TigerBoy1290,lol this game is so hard
76561198161726161,Recommended,285920,24635820,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jetpak8,this game is great for people who love  to free roam and who love to build
,Recommended,285920,28953653,Posted: 2 January,all,cyto csgoboss.com,"I could write a review of this game, but so many other people have written exactly what i would say, so i’ll just leave a recipe for a breakfast omelette:Crack the warm eggs into a bowl, add salt and blend with a fork. Heat a 10-inch nonstick aluminum pan over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot, add the butter and brush around the surface of the pan. Pour the eggs into the center of the pan and stir vigorously with a rubber spatula for 5 seconds. As soon as a semi-solid mass begins to form, lift the pan and move it around until the excess liquid pours off into the pan. Using your spatula, move it around the edge of the egg mixture to help shape into a round and loosen the edge. Let the omelet sit in the pan for 10 seconds without touching. Shake the pan to loosen from the pan. Lift up the far edge of the pan and snap it back toward you. Using your spatula, fold over one-third of the omelet. Slide the omelet onto a plate and fold over so that the omelet is a tri-fold. Coat with the remaining butter and sprinkle with the chives. Serve immediately.Nothing says “good morning” like a fresh omelet."
,Recommended,285920,30152849,Posted: 24 February,all,JorgeDoesAThing,"GREAT GAMEI have played this game for a while. Most of my time was wasted in the R&D Chamber making crappy techs that could fly, but only for half a seccond before imploding and crashing into the ground. The rest was going into a group of tanks and fighting them with a tiny tech only protected by a bubble. I have managed to make a great base that haz  lotsa weapons to protect you and stuffs.Anyway, the game's concept is GRRRRRREAT(insert Tony the Tiger here)and I love it.1337/10 would implode again#addmultiplayerandmakeTerraTechgreatagain"
,Recommended,285920,31379502,Posted: 26 April,all,Henryblundell,Love the game few bugs with some of the quests and creative mode but overall amazing game
,Recommended,285920,17577530,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,insane_epic_22,it is a awesome game
,Recommended,285920,29401365,Posted: 21 January,all,DynamicDuck1234,"Good Game, Little Faults Here And There But Overall Good GameDefinetly Recommend This To My Friends"
76561198105515832,Recommended,285920,29617883,Posted: 31 January,all,tomate,"great work devs, keep it up!"
76561198125122129,Recommended,285920,23522591,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Luckyshot,Would just like to know if you are going to make a button/key or maybe a side bar to scroll/switch between cabs
76561198194080913,Recommended,285920,16315422,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,AeroTech65,"Very fun game i do enjoy but there are a few problems i have with it 1. the steering is horiible i have a very fast car and whenever i do a jump it throws me off course and i samsh into something, and there are so many trees, i would remove some trees or at least spread them out more. 2. THE INVADERS.  the invaders are HORRIBLE ((they are HUGE techs with lots of weapons)they came so early fo me and destroyed me, when 2 minutes ago i just found new things, i would make it so you could pick when you want an invader because theyre so incredibly overpowered. 3. i hate it whenever i fight new people with new weapons, and then the new weapons get destroyed, dont have it to where evry weapon on the vehicle is destroyed. thank you."
,Recommended,285920,15517471,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ultra,игра очень хорошая рекомендую
,Recommended,285920,18505227,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Samdeniz16,good game bro
,Recommended,285920,23438544,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NanoGaming247,I very much love this game. Very recommended and a good spend of 19.99
,Recommended,285920,18602845,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GLGPRO,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME IT HAS EVERYTHING  AND IS GOING TO BE GREAT WHEN ITS DONE YES THERE ARE BUGS BUT ONCE U GET PASSTED THAT ITS A REALLY AMAZING GAME THE DEV'S HAVE ALONG WAY TO GO STILL BUT WHAT THEY HAVE NOW IS AMAZING AND CAN ONLY GO UPTHANK YOU GUYS FOR MAKING THIS GAME I WILL BE PLAYING FOR ALONG TIME
76561198042871933,Not Recommended,285920,15142324,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,josh,"I've bought much bigger games on steam for much less.  Not a bad game, just overpriced."
76561198058575502,Not Recommended,285920,14489240,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,zerotide,Way overpriced. Vehicle is hard to control because the steering goes the opposite direction when you reverse. The constant pulling apart of your vehicle after every battle gets old and tedious pretty quick. Not nearly as much fun as the videos made it seem.
,Recommended,285920,17516771,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Pugz,"This game is so amazing. I will admit though, the first 3 to 4 hours where not very fun. I wanted to see if I could get my money back but I stuck with it and now this is one of my top games! It just takes some time to learn what to do, that is all. I really like how it is based upon how strong your tech is for the invaders and how other techs spawn, this makes for a fair fight. Also, I really like the idea that you can't buy a specific item unless you discover it or craft it, this makes you have to explore the world and find the Tech that has what you need and take him out. With all this, I rate this game 9 out of 10."
76561198251808086,Recommended,285920,18280066,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Red216,I love this game but it has ALOT of glitches but the  devolepors help with most of them 5/5 stars if i could rate this
76561198168327849,Recommended,285920,14839872,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,xelaxela,Its a great game with very high possibilities. A nice game to play over a long period and acess to it without Wi-Fi means it is a good game to play on long journeys. It having controlable graphics settings means it is perfect for older computers too.I recommend you buy this game.
,Recommended,285920,24578688,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Duck McFluffy™,awesome game and get the delux pack it is worth it
76561198269432411,Recommended,285920,26558937,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,iRoK Brute,This Game is brilliant but... not perfect I think muiltiplayer survival would be a good change for everyone please review as helpful if you agree and not helpful if you don't think its a good idea... annnnd wait what about the funny review... hmmm...        I suppose you... no thats just stupid... oh yeah Im still typing... wellll...  uhh?... anyway if you give me a funny review I'll type another review for you guys and g goles... no that sounds weird... ummm... gurls thats it... if you review this as funny i will do another one for you guys and gurls... finally finished now i just need...*cough* *cough* to check my grammar... ... ... uh yep... yep... ...yep... uhuh... yep that looks about right... god darn forgot I was still typing... soo... uh... I... Guess thanks for readind
,Recommended,285920,23926999,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CmorDusMor,"One of my top 5 favorite games ever- clever, sandbox-like and fun, while still maintaining 1. a challenge, 2. difference from the famed 'minecraft' and 3. the insentive to keep playing. The main part of the game is UNBELIEVABLE at LEAST, but when you add the fact that you can make FLYING creations AND 3 extra minigames, it really makes this something special."
76561198009684409,Recommended,285920,14416916,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,maffrejal,"The concept looks solid in the game.  The features implemented have been very good.  The landscape looks very good.  Resource collection, building/upgrading vehicles have been smooth.  Battles are very addictive!"
76561198193804726,Recommended,285920,24469804,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,LittleGroot1,This is a really fun game for the people out there who love playing games like this. One thing i wish was in the game are some guns for Geo.
76561198145131661,Recommended,285920,20238930,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Razz_Baskin,super cool gameplay but realy tedious building but totlay worth every cent
76561198095722402,Recommended,285920,23607601,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Alucard,When you get a good base and lost of tech you are set but now we should be more careful but now its a lot better sorry for my out burst it was a moment of pure anger( was not haveing a good day that day)
,Recommended,285920,19803775,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Alltagskrieger,"9h ReviewI love the Lego-Style build. There are several different blocks but limitless ways of building your own unique vehicle (car/plane/chopper).It's kind like Minecraft with cars =)I can't stop playing it!!! ♥♥♥♥ YEAH, that's the kind of game the big child in me always wanted to be playing!Base building, refining goods, selling goods and buying better guns/blocks/armor to fight against more badass enemies.BUY IT!!! BUY IT!!! BUY IT!!! But buy it for less, 19,99€ is too much for this game that still is in Early Access and got an overpriced DLC (which you totally not need, because you got everything to play in the game)You won't regret it, if you like playing Lego ;)20h ReviewI still love this game so much! My Tech now is big, but not too big and it's so strong I don't have any problem against any enemy =) But I'm still searching for the last parts I haven't found yet to complete the Mother of all Techs ;)"
76561198167748482,Recommended,285920,23334730,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SPAZGOD,"it is awesome i love the game but i havent played it in the last couple of months becuase im waiting for one thing that was said to be due at X-mas 2015. MULTIPLAYER, IT IS A MUST. other than that is fine"
,Recommended,285920,24485007,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KillerNibba,Awesome game! Can't wait to see what future updates bring.
,Recommended,285920,28782544,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,buzzfuzz45,"UGH! where do i begin?17/10things or whatveer: <(woops tpyo!!!)places to exploretanks to build (you can save and create layouts, and purchase them when you get screwed over.)you need a ""Decent"" computer to run it i guess?i don't know its a good gameyou should get it if you like to fight and die a lot but still be tempted to keep going or something. idk."
76561198317141833,Recommended,285920,33189785,Posted: 3 July,all,poofyninja,I likc it.
,Recommended,285920,14503061,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Alex_Q6 ❈,"Very cool game and is well executed so far. It is difficult to learn and understand at times, but a full tutorial/explanation of details will help prevent some of those first few deaths that annoy many people."
,Recommended,285920,14703325,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Johnss,"nice game, but lacks a touturial for the mining bit FYI"
76561198048617773,Recommended,285920,14857258,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,WolfDeathNo,On the whole this game has massive potential and in my eyes has already impressed me by its unique crafting system and storage system. the building of your bot and your ai bots is completely custimizable no build code you have to follow the only block you need to be considered a needed thing is a cab which is easily craftable and is the only block you NEED to build another vehicle so on the whole it is worth a look intoWolfDeathNo signing off
76561198111655931,Recommended,285920,15008029,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Prince Vegeta [SETF],the game shows alot of potential but at its current stage you cant play it on any old models that are not modified and the game is currently incomplete in the features part.
,Recommended,285920,15022048,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,psalm42.5,"I have the early access game and the DLC. I would recommend the game to anyone who likes excercising their creative muscles and playing in sandbox environments. I would not recommend this game (yet) to someone who is looking for in-depth gameplay.  people who like a laid back creative game, (like me) would love it though! I think it is a tad overpriced for what is available so far, but the developers are presenting new updates to the game regularly, which makes me happy."
76561198113768021,Recommended,285920,15133410,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The *actually* autistic Tao main,"Alrighty, this was awesome until just earlier, when another update came out, and YOU CANNOT TURN OFF THE TITLE SCREEN CHOICES.Fix this please, it's such a cool game, and I want to be able to play without a bunch of text in my face."
,Recommended,285920,15191834,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zaros,"Its a great game, you'll burn through a few hours at least trying to figure out anything.You go through the game destroying other NPCs and taking their parts and belonging and then trying to protect the little you have from invaders.Its a easy game to get into, but i've not been able to get past building a operating base without some invader coming by and crushing it."
76561198130130719,Recommended,285920,15193477,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,brandon_storch,"the music gets a bit irritateing,i wish they would make a sound on and off setting but other than that it is a great game that i enjoy and hope lots of others do too."
76561198166166981,Recommended,285920,23909899,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tackettcolten,there needs to be multi player
76561198068752801,Not Recommended,285920,29274108,Posted: 15 January,all,Vorian Rotten,"I like this game, and it gave me hours of solid fun, but there are three things that dishearten me and make me want to stop playing altogether.1. Limited Multiplayer.  If I want to play with my friends, I'm going to want to do more than race through a gauntlet or wrestle each other out of a ring.  Almost 2 years of development and Sumo and Gauntlet are the only multiplayer modes available?  Weak.2. No Block Rotation.  To rotate a block, it depends on a. where you are facing/pointing and b. the position of the blocks next to where you want to put a block.  So, if I want to take an armored half two block (The names of these blocks aren't that great, I know.), which is a 1x2x1 sloped block, and if I want the slope to face the way I want it to, I have to put other blocks down to get the armored half two block in the right orientation BEFORE I can place it.  Not having a simple way to rotate a block makes it needlessly difficult and tedious to build, you'd think there'd be something done about at least a few months after release, but no.3.  Death Cube.  As some of you may know, the GeoCorp Tech Gangs that you are quested to destroy can be massive, like the useless GeoTech or the hulking Rolling Fortress.  As big and slightly lag inducing as these two were, I enjoyed trying to work around them, using long range weapons to steadily weaken the Rolling Fortress, working my way to it's core from a distance, until it collapses.  I've been getting these for hours, with very little variety.  ""Okay, so these must be the only GeoCorp models that were accepted for GeoCorp tech gangs."" I tell myself. ""Maybe no other models could compare"".  I hit GSO Rank five, and the next GeoCorp tech gang has two gargantuan techs called ""Bricky"".  It is literally a giant cube with wheels all over the underside, plasma cutters spamming the top with a ring of 3 pound cannons, and nothing but diamond drills on the other 4 faces of the cube.  Needless to say, their collapse is a lag fest, but that's not what bothers me.  What I'm getting at is: YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE CREATIVE IN THIS GAME.  You don't have to worry about how heavy you are, you don't need to worry about shields or power supplies, you don't need to worry about balancing your weapons with your harvesting tools, you don't need to worry about fuel and booster jets.  All you need to do is make a giant frickin' cube, slap some guns on it, save it, and *BAM!* your boring cube-tech can be sent to every other player to either spam them, bore them, lag them out, or all three.  So, in a game that emphasizes creativity, why is there a lack of variety?  Why do we have to put up with lag inducing ""Bricky"" spawns because some half-wit thought he was funny?Nevertheless, I'm done playing.  On one hand, I'd like to see an update with these issues addressed, and maybe I'd play some more.  On the other hand, it's been almost two years since this game was released, and it's STILL in ""early access"", and I'm willing to bet that the game will never leave early access.  The fact that the issues I've mentioned are still prominent in the game after all this time says a lot about the nature of the developers, which from what I can gather is either ""slow and lazy"" or ""keep it in early access so we can lure players in and take their money without doing much about the game"".If you want a game that has survival elements, block based building and vehicle combat, and some actual multiplayer, I suggest Empyrion: Galactic survival, their developers are fast, hard working, actually listen to the player's concerns and kill bugs faster than pesticide.  Not to mention they have been able to do far more with Empyrion in a year and a quarter than TerraTech's has been able to do in two."
,Recommended,285920,29804184,Posted: 9 February,all,S3npai csgolive.com,Even tho i cant run this game i like it from videos on youtube and when i get a new computer i will buy this game so i can enjoin it more and more. :)
,Recommended,285920,22114526,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Harambo,gold.
,Recommended,285920,17630576,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,tacocat,Awesome!
76561198018779900,Recommended,285920,29771398,Posted: 7 February,all,Ryan,This Game Needs Multy player.                 I think this game is great!
76561198171752283,Recommended,285920,24666242,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,thebaconmanator-G.E.W.P-Cyan.tf,Lots of content and an awsome game better than most!
,Recommended,285920,24423443,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,JoeSNiPeR,Awesome game! Been playing since a few months after release!
76561198315039780,Recommended,285920,24034439,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,zfischy1858,good
76561198135144360,Recommended,285920,17342806,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ar64303,"Great game but if you don't already, watch Blitzkriegsler's newest lets play he has great idea's for the game *cough cough* devs"
,Recommended,285920,26647829,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,thelazarous,"Fantastic Game.Pro's:Great in-game economyEverything is fully customizableGreat time killerNever ending challengesA.I. is decently developedCon's:If you're as good at breaking in-game economies as I am then you'll spend more time trying to discover parts than trying to afford them as you have enough money to rebuild yourself 10x overAnd finally, the parts aren't perfectly balanced yet. So all I need to survive wave after wave of enemy attacks is a few dozen batteries to keep my shields up long enough"
76561198279382237,Recommended,285920,26582281,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BioFlame,"Hello,I really like this game and played a lot and its awsome already.But,there is a thing thath makes me angry,after the 0.7 update the game dosnt work,it instantly crashes.I already deletet all the saves of my old world but it still crashes.I PAID 15 DOLLARS FOR THIS GAME AND YOURE GONNA TELL ME THAT IT DOESNT WORK NOW?!?!?!?!??! REALLY????"
,Recommended,285920,31073397,Posted: 10 April,all,Lin D. FLICK OF DA WRIST,"This game is just like minecraft but it's not steve playing it, is a tank playing it, you can extend your tanks, make it over power and fight with others, it's extremely fun that you can fight with others and collecting resources at the same time. This game I think the creator does a massive job to make the game enthusiastic, it's worth it!"
76561198200222047,Recommended,285920,34117453,Posted: 8 August,all,FinnGaming,Fun and addictive
76561198075084540,Recommended,285920,18334737,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Call Me Sado,Ive already put 5+ hrs into this game and i love it. Once you get the hang of it you rek every other tech out there.
76561198198678922,Recommended,285920,29803328,Posted: 9 February,all,Rude Rick,Great game overall but i think online multiplayer should be a thing
76561198265629552,Recommended,285920,24035746,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,karlaam12,Geart game
,Recommended,285920,32935451,Posted: 28 June,all,Guga.,"This could be a Great Game, but, no multiplayer, no fun... without talking about the  framerate drop at certain playing time, BUT without believing in devs, i have hope that this game will be Great one day, when this become online"
76561198348172072,Recommended,285920,32937872,Posted: 28 June,all,thewelshknight (iiEdiiTion),"amazing game, good time waster would be nice if flyers were easier to use and if they added possibility to mod"
76561198165331761,Recommended,285920,19322032,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DragonDog,"I like the game, but I have to agree with master_blaster. The devs keep focusing on things like adding things to the dlc instead of fixing the actual game."
76561198121342206,Recommended,285920,24033037,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,karatekid,"Great Game, Definenitly worth your money only problem, I am trapped on the welcome screen and can't get out"
76561198096343789,Not Recommended,285920,17301634,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,CrispPencil483,it is fun then it just is not fun to play any more
,Recommended,285920,31383826,Posted: 26 April,all,Maejlene,"I don't know what to say....If I did not have to sleep, I would just go for it over 10 hours in an instant.AWESOME10/10 great and fun game"
76561198098099224,Recommended,285920,23526947,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Abdul K. Jamar,You can stick other Things into youre Things o-oI r8 9/11
76561198271902127,Recommended,285920,23673198,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,icecream9478,i love this game its great as well as unieque and i highly recommmend it but what i dont like is that you have to pay for the r&d testing chamber it could greatly encourge the player to use new designs considering that the player (or atleast i do) tends to add to there machine instead of make a new machine at least make a safezone for the player to build up there machine (this may be a feature already if that is the case i would not know i have not played for a few months)
,Recommended,285920,23665185,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gigtronics,"GReat as it is easy you max out at this time. but, i hope they keep working on this."
,Recommended,285920,24766869,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SloweddDownn,"Good game, all that is missing is multiplayer,"
,Recommended,285920,33005482,Posted: 29 June,all,age_of_potato,I recomend if you like resource gathering and vehicle building or conveyer/automation building if you have a lot of guns some(a lot) bateries and 2 kind of bubles you can just hold down the space key grate game 5/7  (IRL 8/10)
76561198370361286,Recommended,285920,34451441,Posted: 23 August,all,damianthacker,it's grate but mods would make it even better in my opiyion
76561198183863557,Recommended,285920,35162466,Posted: 23 September,all,Ocean man,"The game is fantabulous, but the problem is i keep lagging-_-"
,Not Recommended,285920,28683119,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Timo1241,"Terratech has the potential to become an amazing building/sandbox survival game. Sadly, it isn't amazing yet.The game feels empty, there's not a lot to do and you're mostly just doing the same stuff over and over again, but with different things. I truly believe that Terratech can one day become a great game, but today is not that day.I suggest buying the game and testing it for 2 hours. If you like it, keep it. If you don't, refund it or wait untill this game is finished."
76561197960437512,Not Recommended,285920,23037262,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ShadowRam,"While insteresting conceputally, I find this game lacking in the fun department and frustrating in the useability.Keeping in mind this is still in Early Access it requires a lot more work.The tutorial portion is just a go from point A to point B, with no real explaination of what the things are that you are picking up.I have collected all sorts of different objects with no way of knowing what they are, or what they do or how to use them.Building anything is a feat of frustration,Controls make little sense. Buttons you expect to rotate the view are mapped to different buttons. I can't seem to even do a basic rotation of the part when placing it. Placing some blocks forces them upside down.I'm hoping that more updates come and the developer keeps at it and I'll update my review when it gets better, but right now I'm disappointed. It appears a lot of stuff was added before some even basic things were ironed out first."
76561198144555330,Not Recommended,285920,31412028,Posted: 28 April,all,BrokenPhilosophy,For a game that's nearing version 1.0 this game is staggeringly buggy.Audio bugs that spam the same noise to the point where you have to mute the SFX so you dont exit out from how annoying it is.Stability  bugs that put the game into not responding status even on top end computers. Wouldn't bother me in the slightest if it didn't do it as many times as it does in 10 minutes.Game breaking bugs and quest bugs that prevent the playing of the game entirely and breaks saves after hours of gameplay.Sounds a lot like stonehearth minus the audio bugs.In this game's current state I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone unless they like playing a game where they need a new save every 2 hours.
,Not Recommended,285920,18722808,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SGTSylver,"**** EDIT 2015-11-01 ****They have fixed the aiming bug but the other bugginess still persists. Basically at some point you encounter a bug or glitch or something that will corrupt your save game and make it unplayable. It may happen early, it may happen late, doesn't matter. So then you have to start over and after a few times starting over the game is boring. It may take you 2 hours, 20 hours, doesn't matter. With no mid-game and end-game goals or scenarios there is no reason to play. So if you are cool spending $$ on something to get 5-10 hours of play out of it, go for it. My opinion remains that this game is in a pre-alpha state, not alpha and no where close to beta.**** Original ****I thought I'd come back and try the game out, see if this update has made any major changes to impact my previous reviews for the better. Sadly, no. This game is in a bad state right now. Many of the blocks are not functioning properly, i.e. the refinery doesn't work at all. When key blocks don't work that just makes the game pointless really. There are plenty of other posts about other things, such as the aiming of guns and lasers being terribad now, which it is, and more posts on progress lost because previous saves won't work anymore, which they don't and does suck. So my review is don't buy this game, at least not until they release, as there is no point in playing."
76561198017098884,Not Recommended,285920,24276107,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TheDoctor123,"Ok i love this game for most of its properties but a few things bother me so much that it makes me not want to play the game. when i first got the game a few months back, i was to into the game i couldnt stop playing it was so much fun. Now its just way too grindy when you die, all of your tank parts fall onto the ground then you respawn as a tiny tank trying to get your stuff from a gigantic tank that gaurds it and it takes hours to kill it. but when you do get everything back you die again doing the same thing once more ect. its a super grindy game and until more updates release it sits doing nothing in my steam library. not worth 20$ until more updates.--- EDIT: i forgot to mention some other stuff that i found to be ""annoying"". On the shield quest the shield would be dystroyed and there would be no way to get the quest done. And lastly the black hole machine now someone tell me im crazy but i got the geocorp to lvl 1 and GSO to lvl 2 and still havent recived the machine so someone please let me know about it."
76561198281455292,Not Recommended,285920,24286299,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,gmanlynch1000,"This game appears very fun at first, I played the demo and thought it would be great, but in fact, I was very wrong. Once you die, there is no recovery, i was building my tech up at a trading station when i was invaded suprisingly, I couldn't even get wheels on my tech. The game needs some kind of save feature and maybe a way to tell how long it's been since you last moved to protect your tech from being invaded. I don't want to be that person that tells people to ignore another peson's reviews but i would like to inform you that I should have listened to that advice."
,Recommended,285920,29973459,Posted: 16 February,all,Codejad456,Game is laggy its a great game its just my computer
76561198090929913,Not Recommended,285920,20207887,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Taterang,"In its current state I think the game is fine, just It didn't fit for long time play if you like to play a game for an hour then move on and never play again, this would fit this game in its current build but for a long time player I wouldn't recommend it"
,Not Recommended,285920,24365371,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Masecon,well my review is in between yes and no when i play the game i go to 10 fps to 20 but i understand the fps issues but i one thing i am having problems i am having is swiching bots so i left click twice and it will not let me swich is it just because i am runing it on windows 10 or what
76561198211250621,Not Recommended,285920,18052931,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,dionhtodd,Way to many glitches and stuff ups.
,Recommended,285920,21590914,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Clkiscool,BEST GAME EVER
76561198131731754,Recommended,285920,22016607,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,おたくがみ,"This game is gr8, just dont get too into it or it gets laggy. 8/10 would play again"
76561198073906097,Recommended,285920,20539047,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Harry_Robinson1,"This game is an interesting project, the game is fun and has come a long way from it's betas. I won't say the game is bug free; lost a save a few months age due to one, but now the game's tutorials are good and it seems to work even better!I will admit that I would like a skip tutorual button though, or an option to stop the text boxes when the tutorial glitches."
76561198244206384,Not Recommended,285920,17720876,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,amamastcl,I bought this game a week ago and still haven't played because it keeps hanging. It looks good but I don't know what to do and think I've wasted my money :(
,Not Recommended,285920,16553555,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shirbr510,"overall, it's a nice game. the graphics are fine, the game flows well, but few things really bother me:* the tutorial is rather long and not that indicative* when you reach the airplane, if you break your propeler, you are totally stuck and have to restart the tutorial all over again,* for 20$ I can nominate atleast 3 crafting games that would outstand this game (including DLCs) in ease."
76561197960390988,Not Recommended,285920,19515641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,snake8101z,This game have HUGE potential BUTToo much bug -> SO very frustrating gameDont buy it now.Seriously I never seen a game with so much bug from everywhere.I am a developper and i just feel that they did not test their programThis game should be a ALPHA and should not be sold right now
76561198119448628,Not Recommended,285920,19737877,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Irkdude,only one problem with it: to ♥♥♥♥ing expensive for it's current version
76561198071299159,Not Recommended,285920,20132871,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,"Great game, only it seems to be maxed at 20 fps although when I played the beta I had 60 fps. I meet the recommended requirements too. Researched to try and find fixes but found nothing. Until its fixed, im refunding."
,Not Recommended,285920,18783613,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CsR,Its laggy even with a decent computer and there is not much content yet.i would recommend it but not at this stage
,Not Recommended,285920,24201185,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,777,this game ran like horse♥♥♥♥♥♥your ghz have to be better than recomendedit was so laggy and fustrating for mei just wanted to play it ):
,Recommended,285920,23757465,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,☭cool25save☭,"Good game for what I played it for, but still glitches. What can you expect in Early Access?"
76561198311709296,Not Recommended,285920,26190863,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TuffArms,I say Thumbs down.I recomend to not get this game until there is co op. me and my brother wanted this game because it said in the tags that it was co op and we wanted a game that we could play together and we didnt get what we wanted
,Recommended,285920,19204543,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,pǝlɯǝʞɔɐɾ,"This game is way too good, so I'm writing a bad review because it's too good, because it's way too good, since it's too good, someone is going to explode, because it's too good, probably because the developers wanted to make a game that was way too good, since the developers wanted to make it way too good, they made a game that was way too good, because they wanted to make a game that was way too good, so I'm still writing a bad review because this game is too good, because it's too good, since the dev~*Explodes.*"
,Not Recommended,285920,23289106,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Moss,"Meh. gameplay is boring and repetitive, and it's really annoying to try and progress with all your parts constantly falling off.i did become a plane, though....it was nigh impossible to control it."
,Recommended,285920,23368184,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,✪Løadinğ,Nice
76561198271776383,Recommended,285920,34730627,Posted: 4 September,all,JDOGZ,i love this game i watch it on youtube but it dosent work on my laptop
,Recommended,285920,17543196,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Mr.Jello,this is  to adicting  thats all
,Recommended,285920,17423886,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,YAMA,i installed game but when i try to play it it cuts out and dosend let me play the game i do not know how to fix this plz help
76561198293659801,Not Recommended,285920,22355728,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,RuskiKu*wa,NAJGORSZA GRA NA ŚWIECIE JAKIS CRASZED CRZSZED DON T SHOP DON T!!!!! CRASZED!!!!!
76561198245904642,Not Recommended,285920,18085252,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,loganjmee,If you are windows 7 then do not play this game it justs crachis as soon as you open it!
76561198212834760,Not Recommended,285920,17324783,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,John258,devs my game keeps crashing i dont know y =(
76561198042103607,Not Recommended,285920,18415136,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Will,"I don't know if it is bugged or if it is just my terrible luck. I started about 5 new games, each time I would finally place my first refiner [tutorial?] then I get mobbed by loads of huge tanks that destroy me comletely.Not having fun so far :L"
76561198105635970,Recommended,285920,19023307,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TIMNUS,It looks awesome I saw Youtubers play it but for some reason it lags even though I meet system requirements so I got a refund but when I get a better computer I will buy it again.
76561198164972945,Not Recommended,285920,17373367,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JesusChristPT,"Fun game when you start. Unfortunatly if you want to set up a colony you cannot because every minute some contraption comes and attacks you or your colony. There should be a mode without so many enemies or with diferent objectives.Not getting my *** handed to me everytime I manage to make a colony.Besides that it's a cool idea and a nice looking game, if you like fast paced action and your heart puping go for it.If you are like me that prefer quiet games to relax and maybe build and grow stuff, this is not for you.Have a nice one,Jesus"
76561198288885213,Recommended,285920,22490457,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NuclearPlayzMC,awesome game when you don't lag
76561198069548527,Not Recommended,285920,18034468,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Swan dive into a wood chipper,its a 15 pound piece of crap its laggy un responisve and some things are really anoying
,Not Recommended,285920,29149384,Posted: 9 January,all,Robo7988143,"I played Terratech and it was a great game. It was amazing but the thing I extremely don't like is the lag. I really like the game, the combat mechanics were smooth and fun, the way you build and loot other enemy parts is fantastic and very creative by the developers. But there's just one major issue that I faced and forced me to refund the game, the lag. The lag was extremely bad, I get one FPS when I try to fight another enemy. It gets worst when I build planes and try other modes too. I find the lag extremely weird since I have a gaming PC and my PC handles other games pretty well. I sadly refunded the game and saved the money returned in case the developers fixed the lag or added a new option to stop the lag from happening, but for now i'm going to save my money. Don't buy this game if you aren't sure your PC, or even if it's a powerful PC, can handle it."
,Not Recommended,285920,19638494,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Underscore_01,"For mac users, it is way to laggy."
76561198271814443,Not Recommended,285920,20644284,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Architect,played for a bit and it crashed and i couldnt get it working ever again and its been 2 weeks. i want a refund
76561198063503779,Recommended,285920,17672690,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,☣ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,11/10 would play for an entire day just to get invaded and then die. (stop invading me plz ;-;)
76561198120361288,Recommended,285920,18141437,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,BloxWich,Amazing Gameplay Must Buy Now
76561198280359177,Not Recommended,285920,35393836,Posted: 1 October,all,wjlucas,"I don't recommend this game, it lags like crazy all the time. Also it should tell you the level of difficulty on missions in some way. I was just going to get a GeoCorp box and bam out of nowhere I get ambushed by three big GeoCorp robots, I lost and couldn't buy my bot back because of how much stuff on it costs over 16k. Also I could escape due to the lag I litterly couldn't move. I will most likely not play this game again, unless they make the changes that help what I said above."
76561198118073009,Recommended,285920,19025537,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,seth.r.m1,"4.5/5Pros:-SUPER FUN (Think besiege with multiplayer)-Lots of room for creativity-Complex-Id say its the best game I have ever boughtCons:-R&D pack features SHOULD be in game itself for being $20 to begin with. It has many things that the game needs regardless(like building and SAVING creations), so making people pay $30 for the full-fledged game is kinda stupid. In competing with Besiege at $10, that is probably a safer, more complete buy.-More bugs than can be counted. Not even full stable, let alone half-built.BOTTOM LINE:Very fun, has a lot to it. I can play for a few hours without getting bored. If you have a decent to strong tolerance of bugs, glitches, and stuff like that, this will be the best game you ever buy. If you don't, I would wait a few months. At the time of this review, the game is in version 5.1.9, which is VERY buggy for me, but is enjoyable enough that it isn't a complete fail, and I am sure the team will continue to update and improve the game."
76561198058720281,Recommended,285920,22814924,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,joshuakruse,If you get one thing wrong in in story you kinda have to restart the game but it is fun and creative so i'll give it a...6/10
,Not Recommended,285920,24034968,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,alenfishman,"TLDR: only has a few hours of real gameplay then its just building with no challenge. some stuff doesn't work how its supposed to, game is super short and way too easy too quickly. id pass for at least a few more years. great portential, don't pay for potential.So i got this game while it was on sale, and after only a few hours playing there wasn't realy anything left to do. i was able to build a tech that just couldn't die. and i ran out of bases to go kill. rather disapointing. this was not worth the 11 bucks i played. some of the stuff in the game doesn't work either. there are convayers that don't convay items, only materials. which makes scrapping stuff a pain. they need to fix alot of the systems in this game. also have options for how often you have enemy spawn and attack you. this game got pretty boring pretty big UNLESS you are just into building stuff. if you are looking for soemthing to keep you on your toes this game doesn't have it. there is no more progression past lvl 3. you have to go out and hope you run into other techs that have stuff so you can build it. and hope you don't distroy it in the process. if they can unlock some kind of a dev thing that allows you to change how often enemy spawn to attack you it might make it more interesting. in the end i found the game a little broken even though its early in the game. i played a demo of this game a year ago and not much has changed. i guess they will have a game for yuo to play within the next 10 years."
76561198198983230,Not Recommended,285920,25164110,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Toby1833,Its a great game and i love it soo much but then i had to do other things in life and came back to it recently and now it sometimes works for a short while and then crashes or crashes before it even loads! I will re-write a review with a thumbs up if it gets fixed but if not then it stays a thumbs down. sorry guys.
76561198154291669,Recommended,285920,22542613,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,jroccasan1,One of the best Early Access games ever.Dear reader TerraTech's dev's aren't like most others that do early access.Most early access developers get hundreds of buys and then stop adding anything useful.One example is that some games may just add like a couple bug fixes and add some hats or clothing or skins and other cosmetics.TerraTechs developers dont do that instead they have possibly fixed every bug in the the game and the change gameplay.when i first got TerraTech in jan 2015 the game was so much different from the way it is now.That is why Terratech is a good game.
,Not Recommended,285920,17432536,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Mei~,Meh. Very empty.
,Not Recommended,285920,17623357,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Jamie,This game is good an all but I tried to save my game but it didn't so I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and wrote this so ♥♥♥♥ you game developers
,Not Recommended,285920,18185277,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,RipaRoo,you get in and you feel really lost and i couldnt go anywhere plus the robots were way too dificult wait a bit longer and then buy
76561198139790663,Not Recommended,285920,24516599,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Enux,Cant accsess the game its stuck on the black screen with the introducion plz help
,Not Recommended,285920,17988694,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NIGHTCORE,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks so ♥♥♥♥ing much; i just started and then this big guy comes and, more or less, spawn traps me so i cant do anything and he destroyed all my stuff. Yet you still say there is a protection sheld for you and your stuff.And now with the new update you destroyed this game since you can hardly move without dieing and the bots are too op for a level 1 you might wanna fix it re***ds10/10 will make a rage comment and uninstall again"
76561198256711929,Not Recommended,285920,18657342,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,abopakr,This game keeps crashing as i start it up!
76561198209977860,Not Recommended,285920,19215570,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dexter the Draggo,I would not recomend this game beacusse it is ALWAYS glitching and its getting on my nerves.... what a waste of money
76561198155302400,Not Recommended,285920,17562720,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,micro2341,i just tried to play it and all it did was stay on the screen where it explains the streaming times on twitch
,Recommended,285920,20116822,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pile o' Potato's | Pvpro.com,"I've seen videos of it, it seemd like fun. Than i bought it, tried it, FAILED IT. It's really hard, but i do like it....Recommended for PROS"
76561198213865641,Recommended,285920,18894319,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,masterclue,I like this game but the camera movements is weird I mean I got killed like 50 before I got used to the camera if they fix that I will play a lot more
76561198245275676,Recommended,285920,19226218,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Terra(GFO),A fun Game And Has alot of twists and turns the only flaw is the trouble to get to high levels
76561198143693931,Recommended,285920,20408011,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,lordconnor97,Awesome game my suggestion is to make your cab be in the middle of your tech
76561198129014352,Not Recommended,285920,18221617,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Riptyphoon,"Well, then. This wasn't my type of game for sure. I loved watching people play the game and I loved the demo, but the actual game requires optimistic ideals, especially when your tech gets destroyed. It's also better if your good at building, or something like that. I personally didn't fit both those requirements and gave up on this game pretty quick. If you fit both of them, then toss your money at this game.4/10 ""Not my type"""
,Not Recommended,285920,20235880,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,xXbobitoXx,Way to many bugs that need ixing and aren't getting fixed.  DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,285920,19180759,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Tarizoma,"I cant even play because there is a white box in the middle of the screen blocking my view, terrible game, if you can remove this that would be great, otherwise i would like a refund"
,Not Recommended,285920,19297533,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Xyronix,jse eyes ruin it... ._.nuff said
,Not Recommended,285920,22013021,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ethanwetherell,this is a good game but you must pay for the sandbox which sucks
76561198066565849,Recommended,285920,20493139,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,killermayonaise,"mistaked this for multiplayer, though some one was claiming my stuff and it was working, but in actuallity it was dark and it was solar powered 10/10 best game"
76561198010669430,Not Recommended,285920,19373654,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,CP,"If, like me, you've seen this played on youtube.. Be prepared for all the parts that are edited out. Very unstable game with an awkward learning curve. I think that when all is said an done, this could be a really fun game... That said though, at the present I can't recommend this game, I'd say give it a few more months or wait until it's finally 'finished'"
,Recommended,285920,20177050,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dopley,"This game is so awesome! You can be really creative with building your ""Tech"" and the challenges are really fun to play! The survival is also fun, but the missions have bugs sometimes. I really enjoy this game! 👍"
,Not Recommended,285920,20263551,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AOD_Kitstarseth,Most♥♥♥♥♥♥game I have ever played!
76561198132185393,Not Recommended,285920,20369572,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Glomo,the physics are awful and it gets boring after 10 mins or so it just sucks!
,Recommended,285920,33223296,Posted: 4 July,all,Rain,Multiplayer is coming ...
,Recommended,285920,15760660,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,eduardokopik,"very good, seems very complete in terms of contentonly problem is the rather frequent glitches during the starting questsand if there is a glitch and you can't get a certain iten from a quest you can never get it so you must start a new gameit would be so much better if there was a siving feature, of maybe if you already completed a certain ""quest"" you can start a new game with the things it gives so it is not nesscessary to do the first 30minutes of gameplay over, and over and over againsincerely, I only got to after all starting quests without any glitches once, then I had some problems with windows and lost the save file, I am still atempting to get back there but I can't stand doing the radar, and the shield, and the refinery, and the constructor quests over again and having to do them exactly in the right way or having to do it ALL ONE MORE TIME"
,Recommended,285920,33124845,Posted: 2 July,all,jammy162,Extremely fun game and I really like playing it
76561198075172990,Recommended,285920,21216939,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Natopwnzor,"Updates hardly show up, but they show.  Building , or rebuilding a vehicle takes way too long. It is also annoying to connect  blocks together. You hold the block up next to what you want to connect it to, and it won't click on. Last thing, the accuracy of the guns we have connected to our vehicles have extremely low accuracy, but when an AI enemy is attacking, its like they have smart targeting or aimbot, which doesnt make sense because we can't really aim our guns so why are the accuracies different? But other than these, its a developing game that isn't doing that bad, but it begins to get redundant and boring at times. Hopefully a multiplayer element will come in where we can make a really big base but with elevators and base guns, but that seems years away if at all."
,Not Recommended,285920,18436949,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PlotTwistGamer,"Do not get this game! It not what they say it is, you don't even get a refund if you don't want it!!!!"
,Recommended,285920,24486398,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,xFlarp,Lot of fun
,Not Recommended,285920,17278087,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rockingout77,I ramed into a tree and died and my missions with the burgulars where yu have to save the mechines for a base the burgulars where already dead I just had to grab the machine
,Recommended,285920,24381683,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,VR-gamer,The new update made da game SO MUCH MORE AWESOME
76561198275983204,Recommended,285920,25014294,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Rainbowmaster10,"TerraTech is SO FUN and addicting. I watched it on youtube and thought: hey, I want that! So I got it and it is as fun as it looked."
76561198081289558,Recommended,285920,17270540,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Shadow,I love the game but if there is a way plz make it multiplayer/local-coop imagine the possibilities
76561198064974375,Not Recommended,285920,19977156,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tic_tac22,I cant play this fuc#ing game
76561198043789248,Not Recommended,285920,20027203,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[DEAD] Einstein,"Do not buy this game, when they say early access, they mean it. After 4 hours the game crashed and it will not open again."
76561198079290349,Not Recommended,285920,19835859,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Masterpre™,horrible
76561198219482821,Not Recommended,285920,19629167,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Juan,IT GETS LAME....
76561198032616940,Recommended,285920,18554080,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ichabod the tardigrade,"i have expereanced some bugs, but i dont blame the devs to much because this game is in alpha. i realy hope this game has most of the bugs fixed during beta testing. after all, this is a good game and i do recomend purchuing it."
76561198044773785,Recommended,285920,15691660,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,pabloice917,good and a fun game to play and all i wish is co-op
,Recommended,285920,19935243,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Bartchy,It is a good game but you will need a good Pc to handle it 8gb ram wont cut it
,Recommended,285920,20735205,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DarkLegendx,"This game is awesome if you have a laptop it will run smooth on rthe ""Fastest"" Graphics also gameplay is awesome I just go around shooting other Techs its awesome! I can't stop playing your always looking for parts from other techs to add to your tech I reccomend this game!"
,Not Recommended,285920,20854192,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shin Wraithu,i played tgis game alot and then it just wouldnt open
76561198006596091,Recommended,285920,17398047,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Optimax71,I like it
76561198239360386,Recommended,285920,29698408,Posted: 4 February,all,ORION GAMING trade.tf,Besides all the buggs and lag this game is great!
76561198008051012,Recommended,285920,17462053,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,moca25,huh let's play for five minutes to write a review plays for an hour and 15 minutes
76561198209481765,Recommended,285920,19062228,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jaseque 999,amazeing game i play it all day!
76561198245958716,Recommended,285920,19101596,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,gamer2000012,♥♥♥♥ing cool
76561198217119955,Recommended,285920,19023584,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,starpower756,if anyone knows i cant play because im stuck on yhe information page dos anyone know how to play
,Recommended,285920,19051472,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,EnderVetrix,10/10! This game is BOSS EnderVetrix approved!
,Recommended,285920,18749200,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,xǝpoᴉΛ,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,285920,18795492,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Demoriel kickback.com,i got this game and now it says i have to buy it again. i spent £20 on this help plz
,Recommended,285920,18797129,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Professor Fact-Ass,"This is a great game, but very buggy. I enjoyed it thoroughly but I would recommend this only if it's on sale 33% off or more. $20 is a bit much for the crashes and bugs I have experienced. This is a great game though and would love to play it more when these bugs have been ironed out!"
76561198218292001,Recommended,285920,18824155,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,kaiflip,Hay'oooooooo
,Recommended,285920,18827798,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sticky Tortellini,"Yes its a great game. i was able to play it for a while. but then it started crashing nonstop. It says everything with the intro but then right when it should go to the start screen and it shows the war in the backround, BOOM ""terratech has encountered a serious error"" then it suggests a crash report. i try and send one but when i click ""send"" its stuck loading forever. i have to force quit to do anything else. Im on mac. If you could fix it that would be great."
,Recommended,285920,18891970,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheMachineAwakes,"The game has slowed down alot scince i first bourght it, you have to wait forevever to get anywhere! 9/10 any way, its awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,285920,18816248,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FunNeverChange,Please fix my level problem ..please fix it
76561198165712611,Recommended,285920,30622578,Posted: 19 March,all,thebosslol2,think i will get this game again... update looks pretty good
,Recommended,285920,18116634,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dayson~💠,dhis is cool
76561198076514238,Recommended,285920,25339971,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,PrettyHam hellcase.com,good game
,Recommended,285920,24429449,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,IcyFire,Great game!
,Recommended,285920,25229376,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Shadowz,game gud
76561198271966083,Recommended,285920,25233759,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Minerzach,Super fun
76561197960320995,Recommended,285920,16925796,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mataleon,"I like it, its cute trying survive, still... i dont get why you didnt add partial controller supp.Let me drive with me stick and build with the mouse, come on."
76561198093264496,Recommended,285920,24355994,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,22wattz22,"This is one of those games that just gets better as it updates! As of this review [7/16/16] The new quasi-quest system (I say that because it isn't like a traditional MMO-RPG or something) and the addition of mowing down renegade techs is pretty entertaining. The parts are relatively easy to come by, simply mow-down your opponent steal bits from his tech, and drive away from the smoking ruins.I love that the parts will explode if they take too much damage, which forces the player to try and fight more tactically, sort of. It really boils down to hoping your automated guns destroy his cab before the rest of his tech gets destroyed. However, if you're anything like me, you're probabbly just gonna obliterate the other guy and pick up some scraps.The game even makes resource collection fun, in that you have to attach tractor-beams to your vehicle and collect chunks of resources as you explore the planet and mow-down other vehicles. [Side note, I used to think they were robots]All in all a solid game that has some very competent creators!"
,Recommended,285920,24357152,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,gunny2430,"I've always tried to be fair when i review games...that being said i need you to understand that in under 2 hours of play i won't have explored all the end game content.Pros: complete creative freedom in how you build your personal death/mining machine.The crafting system is both easy to use and fun to delve into...after a bit of outside exploration.Cons: even in just 2 hours it felt as though i had reached the point in which i had to near constantly check outside sources for information about how to use the-at my last exp.-clunky AI ""fleet"" you can create. seeing as nothing i've found in game tells you how to set them up for mining/bodyguarding/hunting ect.Over all the game is pretty solid and almost exactly what you'd expect going into it, however some of the quality of life improvements have not been implemented.             8/10: Would buy if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,285920,24103533,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Enderking MC,"Terra Tech is a fun game! But I only play it like for an hour per day. Because it's not too much of a big game. Still, it is a fun game!"
76561198153812499,Recommended,285920,24113964,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,wagner.grant,doesnt work for mac. it just goes to where it says welcome to terra tech then it doesnt let me get to the game
,Recommended,285920,17887131,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,A Player.,"I loved it for the while I got to play it, but now, anytime I load it it brings me to the screen where it asks me to report the bug, and i do, but it just wont load after that, and Ive tried ignoring it, but even that doesnt work. Im going to try to uninstall then reinstall to see if it fixes."
76561198080138846,Not Recommended,285920,18724240,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TheOGSink,"The Game Itself Is Very Fun And Can Have You Sitting And Playing For Hours On End Until You Finally Build A Bigger, More Badass Robot To Smash Your Enemies With. I Understand That This Game Is Early Release And So Should Have Faults In The Game. But Ive Restarted My World About 20 + Times Now And Eventually IT Will Have Encountered A ""Severe Error"" And Crash. And Its Not Like Ive Added A Couple Thousand Mega-ton Cannons And Fired Simultaniously For It To Crash. Sometimes I Just Load In A Chunk Of The World And It Crashes. I Bought 3 Batteries And Added Them And It Crashed. This Game Without The Crashing Is Definately Worth The Money And Once Again I Know It Is In Early Access But Instead Of Adding New Tech Overlays And Mini Bases Around (Which I Havent Yet Seen Cause My Game Keeps Internally Crashing) You Could Sort Out The Real Problem And Get This Game To A Working Standard....Now I Have Got The Rant Out Of The Way Here Are My ViewsGameplay 5/10 - Love The Concept But The Constant Crashing Is Kinda Annoying Me ^^Audio And Sounds 9/10 It Has A Calming Music Track And In Encounters Gets IntenseOverall I'd Give For The Game (In Its Format Right Now) A 6/10 For The Crashing And If They Fix?Easy 9/10 Because The Leveling System Isnt Properly Made Yet.Im Giving This Negative Just For The Crashing And Will Change To Positive If They Fix It.- Sink"
,Not Recommended,285920,21265018,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,upstartchrippy1,Its pretty boring once u get in to it. I thought it whould be fun :(  19.99 gone
76561198145939694,Recommended,285920,18983854,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,⎛⎝HarryBH⎠⎞,"Despite the many bugs thaty this game has, it is already my all time favourite game, even though it is not finished.If tyou are looking for any ideas, however, if you could set up a multi player server this game would officialy the best game in existance!Regards, Squeek"
76561198200578189,Recommended,285920,30008406,Posted: 18 February,all,EmeraldCheetah,"11/10! The bases, the techs, the Worlds, the EVERYTHING is AMAZING!!!"
,Recommended,285920,22036096,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,THECEO,It's fantastic fun being able to come up with all sorts of weird contraptions. Strongly reccomend because its a game thats trying something new and offers great customization. Good dev support too :)
76561198267520966,Recommended,285920,31464588,Posted: 30 April,all,IMWAGINEMYSUPWISE,bare good
76561198117897292,Recommended,285920,29116556,Posted: 8 January,all,sonicfastd,pure awesomeness
,Recommended,285920,30128312,Posted: 23 February,all,aidan1904,i like it a lot
76561198049695512,Recommended,285920,30147165,Posted: 24 February,all,Praytock,Love This Game!
,Recommended,285920,28404869,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Thebl4ckknigh7,"Very fun game with an extremely responsive Dev team, best i've seen. great game it is like robocraft and minecraft, the goal is to get rich and build awesome'techs'."
,Recommended,285920,29027072,Posted: 4 January,all,Sully,Build N' Shoot. R&D shouldn't be a DLC it should just come with the standard version of the game. Fun game but wait for a sale.
76561198253781224,Recommended,285920,28544343,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,cantchoosename,great game i love it with all the new updates bringing great new content i would definetly recommend it to everyone
,Recommended,285920,28519975,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Devix167,"AWFUL---BAD---FINE---GOOD---GREAT-------------------------------^^^------+Freaking fun! +10You can build epic robot vehicles! +5Epic music +5-Very difficult for a beginner -5Controls are very wonky -3Very limited weapon space for beginners - 3Overall, a really fun game about building robot vehicles, and battling with them.If the game got a little more balanced and the controls are fixed, 11/10. Right now, its between 8 or 9 / 10Thanks for the great game!"
,Recommended,285920,28537987,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[A.W.P.]Angelic_Wolfman100,"An amazing game, very fun, gave me back my creativity.One minor problem is that when I want to craft a Big Boy wheel, is that there is no filter option for ""Requested items (raw resource)"" or ""Requested items (needs refining)"" because the Big Boy wheel needs plumbia ingots and not ore. Please add these new filter options, maybe more.But other than that, I absolutely adore this game, I would never delete this game, it's just THAT fun.It can be laggy, but I think there should be a way for us to turn up/down (and off) particles, to help reduce lag, and the foliage (unharvestable) intensity too."
,Recommended,285920,26233970,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[TU] Blaze SkyFire,"LOVING the new updates, havnt played ini a whiile also ddidnt read the patch notes, all of a sudden im inivaded by a friggen tank, oh why hello there new havoc class."
,Recommended,285920,28535779,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GamertagIsAnt,Needs Co-op & More Campaign/Story Missions. Those are The only reasons I stopped Playing & only come back Periodically to check out New Updates every few Months. It's super fun but Just doesnt Keep my attention for more than a day or two. Buy it when it's on sale so you can pick up the R&D pack for the cost of the Price Cut on Game itself. Sometimes R&D is way more fun! It's nice to Build and not have to worry about Money!
76561198317901227,Recommended,285920,28180318,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rick,when i start it is white and thats it. it works maybe for you but not me for the moment
76561197993997391,Recommended,285920,29431003,Posted: 22 January,all,War Wolf,Game is funpro: game is funcon:  flying is awful near impossible and forget trying to shoot targets from air
76561198238739342,Recommended,285920,31020760,Posted: 8 April,all,the minecrft trollmaster,does anyone know how to get on creative mode
,Recommended,285920,29929735,Posted: 14 February,all,✞Frànkeñ§teiñ ✞,good
,Recommended,285920,26499893,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LIRI1,will ever the R&D be free?
76561198081198269,Recommended,285920,25941616,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MlgKid,Great Game!!! I recommed this to everyone! Big thanks to adriano for helping me!
,Recommended,285920,28967225,Posted: 2 January,all,EVolution,great game 10/10 game. This game is worth the money.
76561198213668395,Recommended,285920,29650327,Posted: 2 February,all,Lorenshaun016,"i liked this game a lot when i saw trailers and gameplays, but on my computer it just keeps crashing, i do recommend it, but make sure your computron is beefy enough to run it."
76561198136267937,Recommended,285920,24354343,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ryan Faith,super fun
76561198198209519,Recommended,285920,24302112,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,petterson1,its not even launching and it's being qwerky ( i know that's not how you spell qwerky im tired) but i've played before. someone help me with this just message me; OS:mac :2009 8gb ram card
76561198126905932,Recommended,285920,24217986,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ntstall,"TerraTech is one of my favorite games, and as of writing this reveiw, I've owned it for just over 24 hours and played it for about four of those hours. The premisis and diversety of TerraTech is wonderful, and I can only think of one thing wrong with it. I wish that a sandbox mode was added, where you have unlimited resources and money, and get to just build in the campain mode world, like the R&D DLC, but in the world, not a small sandbox creator. I would still recommend this game to anyone, and if you like Minecraft, Kerbal Space Program, and/or any other sandbox game. Too end on a happy note, TerraTech is worth the money and even if it was $20.00 USD more than it costs."
76561198271926696,Recommended,285920,24305515,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Grubbles,"the 3D version of ""Bad Piggies"" with guns"
,Recommended,285920,25650295,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,crazygamecrafter,I HAVE STEAM AND I STILL DON'T HAVE ANY STEAM EXCLUSIVE UPDATES LIKE HAWKEYE
76561198267763363,Recommended,285920,19688342,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,brofist,best game ever
,Recommended,285920,20363450,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,dillanblennox,"(to the creators) i acidentaly deleted the game and redownloded it now when i go in it it will ask me to make a name then i click add and it sais""terra tech has encouterd a error""then click the back arrow and click continue then retype name click add and wont let me play.i clicked exit when it asked the next time and exited plese fix this bug i want to acully play the game still email me how to fix this atdillanblennox@gmail.com"
76561198263639370,Recommended,285920,22009192,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,sethg,terra tech is a randomly generated terrain with tons of resources ready to be harvested. this game teaches the mechanics for cars or red rovers for mars. i suggest more people play this game because we are always having fun and looking for bugs. terra tech is constantly updating and is adding new items all the time! the most recent update was when colored  blocks were added. you can get a dlc for this game where you have all the items in the game. help us with new update ideas and kill those evil bugs! together we shall make terra tech one of the best games around with the best creations! get the game now and build to your best!
,Recommended,285920,19323705,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Incognito,This game is a lot of fun! Being able to build so many different rovers and flyers and play with them is really addicting.
,Recommended,285920,20332624,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Multramax,build your own machine and get destroyed!
,Recommended,285920,20447441,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,iZzirO,"Cant even play this game. I bought it, opened, and after writing nickname it shows ""Terratech has encountered a serious error"" and i cant click anything D: Please fix this fast"
,Recommended,285920,20668430,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Xtilly5000,"Great game. There are a lot of pros and cons, but this game is OK. Its like a cheese burger without the cheese. Fun game and really creative but lacks graphics and is drowning in bugs. This game is still in early access so dont judge.  Stay Imaginative :D"
76561198269233790,Recommended,285920,21809038,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Risingwolf7,"A pretty interesting game. The building aspect of the game allows for lots of creative choices. Also the randomly generated world makes every game a unique experience. However, the movement controls are somewhat clunky and has led to me dying many times. However this game is still fun if you are a fan of open-world randomly generated building games. So in conclusion I think TerraTech is a decent game that deserves the attention it gets from the steam community and I hopethat the developers continue to add to the game to make it even better."
76561198119812724,Recommended,285920,21997480,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,♠ Hexagon ♠™,"I am enjoying the game, really i am and im digging the new storage block, but this game has its flaws.1) its laggy at the start so change the optimisation2) [Opinion] BRING BACK THE OLD BRANCH! D:"
76561198123589727,Recommended,285920,22337903,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Crissy Cardwell,"Tested this game at the gadget show convention just under a year ago now and back then they weren't certain of a name but I knew this game would make it onto the market, the game then had such detail and the graphics are not to heavy but visually amazing, the colours all match and blend together.Hope this game makes it miles further for years to come, Happy to finally have found it on the steam store, always checked google for anything along the lines of this game. Going to go and enjoy many hours of farming and creating techs and bases on this game.Thank you for such a lovely game to play"
76561198095508583,Recommended,285920,19833500,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Loaf,megaton cannons need more buffs10/10
,Recommended,285920,20049183,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DuskSpider,"Crazy fun to be had in this game. The only thing I have against it, is that the ally AI is pretty dumb."
76561198075605958,Recommended,285920,20609707,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Evito,"Pretty good, ticks the dollar per hour mark. It's buggy which is totally acceptable for an early access. This far I've only gotten to level 3 out of 5. Devs are active, the game even lets you know when they're steaming, which is fairly often. All in all a game that is well worth the price, and pretty fun."
,Recommended,285920,20650443,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ZenoMachine,"TeraTech is an overall good game i recomend this game to people who llike sifi, robots, and driving, it also has a touch of strategy here and there. The downside is that the game enemies are to easy to defeat and the bullets prodouced by your wepon lags the game when you have a bigger Tech which is not hard either. Even with a 6 core intel cpu with 50 guns you game starts to lag like HELL!!!! If i had to pick between this game and another one simular i would pick this one because simply it is unique and i hope the devs keep working on this game. Overall i would buy this game."
,Recommended,285920,20653255,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,sooper dooper booper dooper,Amazing. All I have to say. Except that.
,Recommended,285920,21808531,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,C'thulu92,"Drilling into the core of a ""Boss"" and watching it explode around me when i hit the cab.. amazing 8.5/10The game is jsut downright funn as hell and despite it being unfinished and buggy i can see it quickily becoming my most played game."
76561198005508086,Recommended,285920,21846208,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Diomedes8381,"Absolutely recommended!Bad > 1-10 < GoodThese are not in any particular order of importance:1. Fun factor: 10 (nothing better than destroying your opponent then using his pieces to strengthen yourself)2. Creative factor: 9 (it becomes a 10 with the R&D pack as you can save your creations then purchase them in story mode)3. Challenge factor: 7 (fights can be challenging but once you learn the nuances of certain techs and the corporations that they are using you can adapt relatively easily.  It can be heartbreaking losing your tech that you've spent hours on building, especially if you didn't save it and is the reason I didn't rate this aspect of the game lower)4. Graphics factor: 8 (this is a personal preference I'm sure, but I like the sort of cartoonish graphics and the bright color range that is present.  Also, the nights are dark, and sort of longish... and winter may be coming... though the lights make everything look pretty!)5. Music factor: 7 (I enjoy the couple of tracks that are present in the game.  I enjoy the calming strum of the track that plays during peaceful times, and I like the battle track decently enough as well.  I hold music as a very important aspect to experiencing a game)6. Cinematics factor: 5 (the only cinematic sequence is in the very beginning when you witness your pod crash landing to the planet, though it looks great!)7. Story factor: 6 (there are story aspects that are in the game right now through the item descriptions on the various blocks/weapons that are available.  Could end up being pretty good for this type of game however)8. Content factor: 8 (4 biomes, 5 corporations with more to be added I believe, and tons of blocks per corporation)9. Control factor: 8 (the only issue I've had was reversing a tech.  There is an option to switch the direction you must press in order to move that way.  e.g. moving forward and turning to the right, to reverse you can have it set to either moving backwards and turning to the left OR remain turning to the right.  I keep the latter option on as it feels more natural to this game, but is opposite of what most other games do with their turning while moving forward or reverse)10. Gameplay factor: 10 (its pure fun from the outset, with the possibility of soul crushing loss if you lose your giant tech you've spent hours on building.  That feeling goes away quickly however as you begin building up your tech from scratch again.  Chicago wouldn't be as great of a city as it is if not for the fire)Issues:1. Some crashing still though not nearly as much as I experienced from early builds.  Mechanically speaking I've witnessed great improvements in the last few updates.  The game handles large vehicles and lots of blocks admirably at this point.2. Story quests still need more fleshing out.  Some still hang up and will not complete but the system itself is working great.3.  Flying techs, while fun, don't really mesh too well with the game right now.  Sure you can make them but they are really only useful for exploration purposes.Speaking of flight I have made a smaller fighter type flying tech that is propelled upwards by mini guns.  The only issue with this is when I get close enough to another tech to attack it, the mini guns auto aim and throw off the vertical thrust needed to maintain level flight.  It also isn't capable of sustained fire on a single target.  I have yet to see a combat worthy flying tech.  This is a very minor gripe however.It is easy to lose hours upon hours tinkering in the R&D section.  It is equally as easy to lose that much and more to the story mode.  I like having to explore for new parts and each part augments what you can do by quite a bit.  There is little redundancy amongst the block types available.  Speaking to this as well is the fact that I really don't mind starting new games and each patch has refined the starting process more and more.TerraTech is a great example of a fun sandbox game where you're left to your own devices.  Though I wish there were more purpose in designing some of your techs with the available corporations, there is still time for all that to be fleshed out at a later date and the present amount of content is absolutely worth the money, especially with the R&D DLC.I give TerraTech in its current state a 7.8/10 rating and it gets better with every patch.  The dev team is passionate and great at communication, and the community is very helpful as well."
,Recommended,285920,21880617,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,harrisonxyz,its so amawzing
76561197986029420,Recommended,285920,22292803,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Polley,"Terra Tech is a good game and I think it can grow up to be a greater game once the game is finished.One of the problems I have with the game is bugs, Do not, I repeat do not take a picture and tweet it, I lost my point of view with my tech and Im still trying to get support but no answer.  Terra Tech has a bug reporting option when you push the escape button, but it does take time to get a answer back.  But I understand because of how small of a team they have making such a good sized and infinite terrain game...I am getting excited for their ""Multiplayer release"" for playing with other people can be reallyy fun.  I feel like they can add a server selection where people can make their own servers to host  since it would be easier for the team of Terra Tech to not have to buy a bunch of servers costing them $1000's of dollars.  The game is full with blocks, guns, trees,ores, quests, and exploration!  The game is divided into three terrains, but I don't want to spoil the game so much! :D  You start out as a 'Tech' and you work your way by shooting or meleeing other techs with your weapons and you can then take your stuff.  Make sure to not blow up your stuff, or your losing a lot of in-game money.  The game has been released out of Unstable which sounds dangerous but it is not into a more stable stage of the game.  Good job Devs!  I would give this game a 7/10 for how good the game is currently.  Theres a lot of stuff in the game, but I feel it get's a bit intresting later on when you have so much stuff your confused what to do.  I feel they should add more bosses, or invaders that's what they're called.  I hoped that this post would help a lot of people that have trouble picking the right game to spend they're money in real life!"
76561198308850947,Recommended,285920,23408711,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,henderson.ty.825,my game crashes evry time i try to open it
76561198319309645,Recommended,285920,24519424,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,larrythelobster,"This game is really awsome to play, it is easy yet hard, and I like to roam around and search for new things to unlock."
76561198077925290,Recommended,285920,19342702,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Clumsiness | trade.tf,"It's an awesome game, tones of fun and endless things to do, but there are a lot of bugs, 1 in my case was the game encountred a critical error and my cab got flitched bellow the map after so much progress (i had allmost everything) and there is no way to get it out, maybe there could be a self destruct option or something so we could fix this.but never the less i would recomend this game to any one!"
76561197974592701,Recommended,285920,19424136,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Etherealvan,"Great potential. Developers need to focus more on stability and framerate issues. once they have that down then new blocks and features. it gets unplayable when frames drop dramatically when only a couple of techs are on the screen shooting. I do appriciate the ingame crash report screen, but it did get annoying seeing it so often. The game did work better in the Unstable version in the beta select in properties (ironic as that may seem). So if you are having problems with the base game try that version."
76561198181575682,Recommended,285920,20100764,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dr.Peppermint,"If you like games that you can build in and make machines,battle,make bases,etc. This is the game for you! I love this game. So I think you should get Terra Tech. It has lots of awesome content that is realy cool!"
76561198184940218,Recommended,285920,20477320,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Peter_Punkin,I love the game but there are a few bugs
76561198002615445,Recommended,285920,21180168,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Minion,"Very rage enducing!its been two years since the release and theres still enemies spawning next to you and killing you,however it is very addictive and fun and i cant stop playing.WARNING:game may tempt you into putting a hole through your computer!"
,Recommended,285920,21821304,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,wisecore,"This is my first time ever reviewing a game on steam and I am very happy to say that this is a very fun and well made game. Keep up the good work,one note , I do have a terro bite processer in my computer and I am currently lagging with my tech is there a way to make it so I don't have to downsize my tech to lower the lag levels? But anyways great job on the game."
76561198219044425,Recommended,285920,21893623,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,get in description,i recomend getting the r&d pack if your using the unstable builds when your testingthis was very fun!and very amazing!
,Recommended,285920,22312986,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Wolf-e,"It's like if they took minecraft and robocraft, fused them and out came a game that's actually fun! 10/10"
,Recommended,285920,22432325,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Kero,"This game is By Far One of the best Early Access Games ive EVER played, so let me sum it up for youUI - 5.5/10 (Needs Work)Game mechanics - 10/10 (Doesn't need to be Fixed, By far one of the easiest and most fun games to play)Enemy AI - 7.5/10 (Needs to be Upgraded in terms of Not Circling around during battle xD)Graphics - 8/10 (Nice, cartoony, Legend of Zelda Wind waker style Graphics, and Best used at Fantastic Settings)Gamemodes - 6/10 (Single player is Fun, But most of us would like to see Multuplayer mode in release)Concept - 10/10 (Great, Survival like Robocraft Concept with Missions and Currency)TimeConsuming - 8.5/10 (Doesnt Require a Massive Grind, always something to work up to)Bugs - 8/10 (Developers are great, they care about the bugs and fix them constantly)Soundtrack - 8/10 (Nice, Adventure like Soundtrack that doesnt give you a migrane and doesnt get repetitive)Lag - 10/10 (Absolutly no lag whatsoever on fantastic graphics Mode)Overrall Score - 81.5/100 and Still in ♥♥♥♥ing Early Access, Well done matesSome thoughts:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER - Playing alone is Great, But imagine if you had a Army of Friends!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Add Creative/test mode (other than DLC Concept) - This game would be Great if we had Test mode, you could expiriment with different models that would probably get you killed in survival mode~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Please Fix UI - UI is very Choppy, Its just Text on a Screen that you can click on, not very great, so Please work on it! <3~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Other than that, i have no more to Criticize about this game. Keep it up Devs!"
,Recommended,285920,23421712,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Billy Scranner,"Good game (yet I discourage buying it right NOW as it is still in EA) It does have great potential, it just needs time"
76561198205976839,Recommended,285920,19427191,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bda2armstrong,i do love this game to bits and bits but it have some issues like one I was upgrading my tech but a bunk decided to attack me as i was doing nothing to him but he didn't care one single♥♥♥♥♥♥so make it so that no one will attack you when your in the beam ok bye
76561198088739943,Recommended,285920,20095611,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheDragonWhisperer,"While I do recomend this game, be sure you know what you're getting before you do. It has the potential for hours of fun if you like this sort of game, but at the moment there is still a lot they can do with it.  It has quite a learning curve and is very difficult if you do not know what you are doing. While this means that, with patience, players can eventually build giant flying death machines to rain terror on their enemies, it also means that the lack of a proper tutorial level will severely hurt progress.You do have the R&D pack, but that costs extra money and is still a little overwhelming if you don't know what you are doing.Another problem is that every time you die, you are back to a very weak, tiny tank and have to either go back and miraculusly defeat the enemy that killed you or start over from scratch, and neither option is a good one. This can lead to and endless cycle where you can never get to the point where the game really shines: when you already have all the parts you could ever need and get to create anything that comes to mind. There could be a solution to this: have an option to buy your old designs from the trade station. This would allow you to quickly get back to where you were, while still providing a punishment for death (having to pay for all the parts.) Speaking of which, another good addition would be the ability to sell off excess parts.I personally requested a refund for my copy, but if this game ends up meeting its potential I would happily buy it back.All in all, it has the potential for being a great game, but at the moment only people willing to risk it never panning out should get it. After all, that is what early access means, right?"
,Recommended,285920,20136556,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,s3llsw0rd,"This is Mad Max with Legos, basically. I'd like a slightly finer amount of control over the vehicles I build, and better AI would help a lot (being able to assign the AIs to guard other vehicles or to automatically follow you and pick up raw materials or to patrol a certain area or something).However, there's already a lot to love here."
,Recommended,285920,20210485,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SilverPhoenix,I personaly love this game and have watched many people play it but there is one thing i don't like THERES NO WIDE SCREEN this is less of a revew and more of a small warning.
76561198079156809,Recommended,285920,23434120,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Red X,"Hello payload studio... I want to report that my terra tech doesnt work, please fix it if you can."
76561198155957359,Recommended,285920,24471200,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"Marethyu | trade.tf""","I can run dis game at 60 fps in fantastic graphics consistently >:), but on a real note this game is great and all of you haters who think its stupid because its too hard all i have to say is GIT GUD LAZY FOOL!!!"
,Recommended,285920,24544255,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Physik,Sick
76561198010113237,Recommended,285920,24507855,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,♨Sang♨,"The game is Great, but EVERY world I make gets corrupted, and the game keeps crashing! Also every time a world gets corrupted I have to restart! Althoght its very fun when the game works."
76561198215598800,Recommended,285920,24502461,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Hawaiijoed,"Terratech is a amazing, fun, and great game. There is about 200 hours of play time. I would suggest getting this game. P.s. The dev's are awsome. They make sure to fix every bug you have"
76561198131159282,Recommended,285920,18651981,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,zombiehunter629,i need a refund...The game is awesome but now it is playing at 10 FPS or so...
76561198097126230,Recommended,285920,19346614,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cronos,"Nice and easy to play gameBuild, arm and destroy your enemies from distance.Pros:- easy to build vehicles- easy to gather resources- easy to be killed and disintegrated :)Cons :- inability to save your current vehicle state- sometimes vehicles stuck even they have enough wheels to move- completelly strange ""flying"" modeExpectations :- more stable game- possibility to BUILD and PRODUCE own parts and after that to find trading station for SPECIALS- tank tracks - wheels are fine but everybody just build tanks :)- MULTIPLAYEROveral : 75/100 - Recommended game !"
,Recommended,285920,19435363,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Gameknight999,a bit clitchy
76561198173593015,Recommended,285920,19965584,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tomohran,"Very glitchy, needs some work. But I love it."
76561198148750895,Recommended,285920,20570848,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,RobotopBoy,Could someoone help me with graphics issues?
,Recommended,285920,21171336,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Cyclone740,This game is amazing! if you like robocraft you will love this game.
76561198215589468,Recommended,285920,22349792,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hawkins252,"its a good,fun,and really adicting game but every time i try to go in to it it crases befor i even get in the game.But what is more anoying is that it says that i played it for 8 min,WHICH I DID NOT!"
76561198130836219,Recommended,285920,22597761,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Lord Of Winterfell,"I love the game and highly recommend it to others. the only problem i have is, there is a couple missions I.e. find ram tech, find light tech, find wheel tec ETC, it puts the marker to an empty location with no one there, and i cant procced because i cant compleate the mission.If you could fix this somehow I would be gratefull. Thanks."
76561198064140760,Recommended,285920,18654434,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PuppetMuncher,"Amazing game, few mechanics a bit off, but all considered, game is a 9/10 for me"
,Recommended,285920,19450404,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Italius,"Its Early Access, so bugs are expected. There are bugs, albeit some worse than others. In my opinion this is the best game in my library, and my overallo favourite game to play. If your on the fence and want to see the game, try the demo or check out a channel called Silenvo. I Guarentee you will like it, and if you dont at first, it will grow on you!"
76561198170193807,Recommended,285920,20256707,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,IDontHaveAName,This game is awesome for alpha testing
76561198141272224,Recommended,285920,21167263,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,John Deer,I love this game it is amazing there is still quite a few bugs though and it is $20 they should lower it to $10 but it is addicting and very fun!
,Recommended,285920,22487934,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mikel_arrowsmith,"Great game cant wait for more missions to make game longer, also think a good thing to add in the next update would be some sort of a hitch system for a trailer."
,Recommended,285920,19324014,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,<αψπρπ> βουνδξναπαλμ (BGRL9),"REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME! the fact that its always a new update with good and new features,i have 8 ideas for ai and new blocks, the first one is a rocket pod, a old age favorite, it has reappeared in the favorites of prospectors, although it doesnt have any homing capabilities, however it has only 1 place for a rocket, this old time favorite would decimate smaller targets and punch a hole in larger targets (Found In GSO territory). the second idea is mainly a ai idea, wouldnt it be cool to have a ai that scavenges the bits off of enemy vehicles and will constantly follow you and pick up the stuff of your enemies to take back to your base? so do i, so this idea is to have a ai module that has a built in thimble tractor pad that is just set to ""Scavenger"" and if it has a weapon, will use the weapon to defend itself, and its tractor pads will pick up blocks and other bits of stuff (found in GSO territory). Ai idea: combat drone. wont you like a ai that effiecently works with your scavengers to hunt down enemies and gather their parts, depending on how the ai thinks of its size, it will act differently in combat according to its size, Small will make them move fast and want to strike fast, Medium will make them manuver at some times if a weapon that can easily kill them, but if the weapon is nearly unable to harm them, they will stand there and try to kill them, a large sized one will try to take all the damage, and wont care if it dies by a devestating weapon, it might as well try to deal some serious damage (found in GSO territory). of course, early access harvesters might not work for pro prospectors (players) so a module made for complete harvesting is needed, it will use everything nessicery to harvest, even if it has no weapons, it will ram itself against something to try to harvest, but any weapons it has will be directed to harvesting. Detacher Tractor Beam, the ultimate grinder, will detach all your enemies into nothing but a almost easy to kill cab, perfect for scavengers and prospectors who enjoy watching their enemies humiluation, has a cooldown per enemy it disassembles (Found in EXP territory). AI module, Turret, do you want a effiecent turret that will take down any thing that is not classafied as ""Ally"" this thing is perfect for you, with a built in flashlight with twin machine guns, it is going to look at enemies and shoot them down before they get a change to raid your equipment (found in GSO territory). wouldnt you want some ai module that looks around, updates your minimap with things they found? the scout module is the thing just for you, it has 2 wheels and a built in radar made for scouting out a area, will run away and attempt to fire at enemies while retreating to a ai that has a combat module or guardian module for protection. dont you want something that actually looks for enemy that invades your tech, look no further then a guardian module, with a built in small minimortar that rotates, its made for protection as it will chase its enemies that come near it or where reported to it, it will idlely patrol the permimiter of your equipment and ai (found in GSO territory). thats all i have, the developers can make their own recipes for these if they actually implment it in, have a really good day :D"
76561198063193846,Recommended,285920,19399976,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Catastrophe,"Its a fun game to mess around with. It is still pretty buggy though. It's in alpha so that is to be expected. you can probably spend 40-50 hours just messing around without getting bored. Defently makes this worth the price. If you like Kerbal Space Program I will recommend this. the missions are still very wip, but there are more then enough enemies and parts to make this a fun sandbox."
,Recommended,285920,19868991,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Screamingant,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i put a conveyor onto a delivery cannon it just gets stuck and it wont sell it i tried  the gso reciver then put a conveyor and still nothing gets sold because you changed it from the old version which was 10000000000 times better then the new one which is just a pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,285920,20480259,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,stellatedHexahedron,"The worst kind of game. Almost every single thing is broken or primitive, but what's left? Holy Ravioli. Despite having had to start a new game five or six times, I'm still playing. God help me,I'm still playing. And I doubt I'm gonna stop."
,Recommended,285920,22316058,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Joshid,Great game but can't build a good base because of framerate issues. My laptop is a beast but it strugggles with TerraTech
,Recommended,285920,22340701,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Super Spook 13,"A bit buggy, but still pretty neat. Eventually you stop being able to expand your vehicle and have to start selling parts until you can get better wheels to support it, which is kind of frustrating...Currently the storage unit fails to suck up items. It pulls them in but they just float in a ball where they're supposed to go to your offworld storage. (Sometimes it works, but not always.) One quest also gets stuck occasionally (but it's not difficult, so redoing it is easy) and it fixes itself if you restart it enough."
76561198243705812,Recommended,285920,19463707,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,joka,i absolutely love this game.highly recommend to anyone who enjoys being creative in their games.updated regularly and with new and fun stuff coming out frequently.10/10
76561198066076521,Recommended,285920,21897759,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,"Nern Guan, Master Orator","This game isn't exactly what I had in mind when I saw what it was about. I can't deny its fun, but for me personally I don't know if I can get into it. The big turn off of this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t factor of building your vehicles while fighting the enemy, I want to build in peace with what I have so I can screw around and make whatever, games like from the depths do this and it encourages trial and error, hell, I even built a fully developed navy and an airforce to fight other armies in said game, why can't I do the same on here? I didn't pick up the dlc because it's even more money poured into a game that settles off as average as is. I like the game because it's an easy pick up game that I can screw around in for some time. I just wish I could build in peace because on numerous occasions I have been ambushed by the AI to either have my working piece of art destroyed, or a random vehicle like the plane you find missing a wing because the AI decided that anything you're around should be gone too.I give this game a 7/10 , it's in the works so I have hope."
76561198147270285,Recommended,285920,23429824,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nick Debusk-Bailey,Great game. Just needs a limit to how many bases AI can have. After a while the AI builds so many bases it lags the whole game.
76561198252196996,Recommended,285920,20046544,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bombbeast,"Amazing game!Pros and ConsPros- Make any structure vehicle you want!- Realistic Physics- Nice action- Raiding feels SO rewarding- Cool trdaing system- Stll early access with frequent updates- Flight- Not Flight- SO MANY PARTS TO UPGRADE YOUR VEHICLE WITH- Open world that seems to never end- Many different biomes- You can harvest recourses- Great AI system- Hardcore gameplay (pro and con)Cons- Laggy, but that isn't hard to fix- Controls are wierd and hard to get used to- No multiplayer option- In order to completely enjoy boss fights you have to hook up to twitter- Flying is REALLY hard- Easy to get unfairly stuck (but this is early access, they're working on it)In conclusion, this game is one of my favorites on steam and is a must play for those who love adventurous action packed games."
,Recommended,285920,20245873,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Devlin2004,i loved the game when i played the demobut when i bought the full game I never thought  it so good! I recommend itand if you think of purchising it I have to say you might want to buy it when its on sale.But I give it a eight out of !) (10)
76561198250354104,Recommended,285920,19689943,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,zacharyday41,Good game gg
76561198267478971,Recommended,285920,19844850,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,wideretrever,verry fun and exciteing. there's a surprise around every corner.but you have to pay extra money to play anything else than storey mode
,Recommended,285920,23332110,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TEK1N,absolutely brilliant im hooked its soo fun to play compared to other games give urself a chance to get the hang of it but its worth every penny tbh.
76561198300985949,Recommended,285920,24515468,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,GoldGamer9999,sick
,Recommended,285920,19298680,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AntiAntFilms (dotto fan),I do recommend this game for people who want the main game. I don't reccommend this if you want to do the other things. Twitter is needed for the community. Seriously! Why can't you just make your own type of sharing thing and everyone will be happy. Kids play this game and you involve social media?
,Recommended,285920,21799764,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Experiment,"Its a very fun game that lets you build almost any robot you want. When you know how to play, I highly recommend you get its DLC."
76561198271773834,Recommended,285920,21905974,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ninja lampost69,i like this game but the ping isnt very high
,Recommended,285920,21993279,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Delta0™,"Before I say anything, I have one con to mention. That con is that this game is still in early access, but this game is FULL of potential. It's probably one of the only early access games I've played at first and enjoyed. The devs do truly care about this game and they are adding more and more to the game. Even if you don't want to buy an early access game, I would definitely recommend buying it."
,Recommended,285920,22302789,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Toblerone,A diamond in the rough this is my friends. PLEASE  expect alot from it and payload studios great work so far!!!! GIVE ME SMARTER FLEET AI PLZ!
76561198209143909,Recommended,285920,24303011,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ybwenc,"Fun game, but 1 problem. I can't PVP (or, in this case, PVAI). My game usually goes: Make bot. Make base. Bot destroyed. Respawn. Bot destroyed. Respawn. Bot destroyed. Respawn. Ragequit. Start new game. Repeat.9/10 Would ragequit again."
,Recommended,285920,24312671,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,/u/X3kuba3X,I love this game :) So much fun. (and so much rage after death)
76561198352879889,Recommended,285920,28518759,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,HoboLarry,This a very fun game! Its a must try! Also (Spoiler) I found an abandoned plane! (I crashed... A lot :P) Last thing I want to say is that I couldn't get the AI little bot to follow me T-T
,Recommended,285920,28696247,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Orios,"i love this game, i got a refund for the lag issues but im thinking about buying it again"
,Recommended,285920,20747947,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,OrdinaryPlayer,"LAG,LAG,LAG, AND A TON OF GLITCHES :( please fix this lag and glitches"
76561198355067928,Recommended,285920,31638120,Posted: 8 May,all,mr.shribols,hi i love terra tech but it would be great to see muiltiplyer sandbox or survivel
76561198247567818,Recommended,285920,31402859,Posted: 27 April,all,TNTYLER1014,Ive played this game almost since it came out and it is so amazing! It has had so many updates and Ive love them all I this game is a 10/10!
76561198141597725,Recommended,285920,31442756,Posted: 29 April,all,Meta,This game is great even though i dont know how A.I works but the game is awesome and should keep adding more things into the game and in any way of form this game may look bad and when you buy it you feel bad for spending $20 but if you dont like it then dont like it.(THIS IS NOT A SPEECH)!.....Thanks
,Recommended,285920,31449747,Posted: 29 April,all,Pie,"Awesome game, *Cough* Still waiting for the Multiplayer *Cough*"
76561198281079831,Recommended,285920,28516657,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SirDumpy,ccol
,Recommended,285920,31221182,Posted: 18 April,all,Vaeuth,Multiplayer pls
,Recommended,285920,26121911,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CarterNova,"This is the first time in my life I dropped everything I was doing and purchased the game imediately. I Was in a csgo comp match and I had died and pulled up my browser to look around the steam store. Thats when I saw this game. I imediately sold my knife and purchased this game. I quit the game, got a 7 day ban but it was all worth it. 21 minutes in and im hooked"
76561198272431220,Recommended,285920,26095161,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,bevpatbraxbren,Very very very fun
,Recommended,285920,25005809,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ImThatGuyH,this is one of my fravourite game i have played over a day of it
76561198018649789,Recommended,285920,25000729,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,AlldreamsMustDie,symetry option fix random quest glitch it says wher to go then u kill wat ever and icon still says its not killed
76561198081154810,Not Recommended,285920,17889488,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gino,"You are usually just driving around, digging, and getting money. GETS PRETTY BORING!"
76561198309730098,Recommended,285920,33838108,Posted: 27 July,all,Ace gamer,Its cool
76561198146569858,Recommended,285920,14693034,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Angry Marine,"Alright, you guys fixed everything i had a problem with, this game is a very fun and entertaining game that allows you to build and customize your vehicle, i havent played much due to my terrible computer but this game all in all is a 10/10 for me."
76561198030818215,Recommended,285920,22310940,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,psycros,"Development is slow but steady on this possible future classic, although there are occasional big leaps to fix bugs or quickly implement a new idea.  Has elements from sandbox and vehicular combat games of the past but is definately its own thing.  You could sum it up best like this: ""Craft and scavenge the parts to build your own mobile battle legos"".  The dev team seems to really want to produce something unique and quickly accessible to a large audience.  Their steaming a lot (which I can't watch, unfortuantely) and seem really active in the official site forums.  I hate crafting in most games but I actually enjoy it in Terratech.  The recipies aren't overly complex and is once you get a handle on buildling automated production (ala Factorio but for now a lot simpler) you'll be making credits like a madman.  The game already includes the groundwork for creating fleets of AI controlled allies but its in the very early stages.  There's also the large shadow of performance issues.  The large game world is randomly generated and simulated on your PC, and pretty much in real time from what I can tell.  Once its starts getting pretty populated you WILL notice.  Nevetheless, Terratech has a ridiculous amount of potential.  My single biggest complaint is that the R&D chamber isn't part of the base early access game.  R&D is a playground where all the content is available for testing and building utterly ridiculous things, ala Minecraft's creative mode.  It also costs half of what the base game does.  This creates a paywall that slows down player testing and therefore development.  Payload Studios seriously needs to consider bundling this zero-day DLC into the game."
76561198126753708,Not Recommended,285920,24962283,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,💠Nyq💠,Very Laggy Needs improvments
,Recommended,285920,33974617,Posted: 2 August,all,LogiScript,"Easily one of the best games i've played in a while, If your looking for a game thats like robocraft but without that ruined game feel go for this game. Much better than robocraft and its recieveing Multiplayer soon"
76561198158328361,Recommended,285920,25973067,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Markoanator808,Gud
76561198255297984,Recommended,285920,34316248,Posted: 17 August,all,BeastGuy2100,"Once this game gets fully released, It will be far less laggy, glitchy, and overall slow, it will be fantastic. It is a pretty fantastic game for early access, but come back again in a year and you'll be amazed."
,Recommended,285920,28683627,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,{MS} Coolio,"GG, get over powered"
76561198329773981,Recommended,285920,31655579,Posted: 9 May,all,DerpyDragon185,overall really great game only a few bugs but make so people can upload builds and other people can buy it
76561198305761512,Recommended,285920,31512714,Posted: 2 May,all,The Angry Fish,Pretty good!
76561198257043520,Recommended,285920,34211049,Posted: 13 August,all,Lenixismycool,Great Game! i am running a mac and it is amazing!
,Recommended,285920,17711277,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,EggPlant,MEHHHHHH needs the dlc 2 be on steam to
76561198315706309,Recommended,285920,27362060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,error.code.509,AMAZING
76561198102149609,Recommended,285920,20982619,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,lunami12,be
76561198140964877,Not Recommended,285920,21551552,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,Pretty laggyIGN -10/10
76561198367729288,Recommended,285920,30708145,Posted: 24 March,all,nightmaregamer653,"that game is one of my favorites,i like it cause u got so much dessisions to make and its a very smart and creatif game,and i can't wait until multiplayer mode"
,Recommended,285920,34247906,Posted: 14 August,all,Seabear,👍
,Not Recommended,285920,26101787,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Coder28,Great game but it got sooooooo boring very fast. The replay ability on this is crap. Still a good game though.
76561198265226009,Recommended,285920,35211474,Posted: 25 September,all,airpiglet,this game is very good oh and also they should add multiplayer for the campaign cause i have always wanted to play with my friends
76561198242724918,Recommended,285920,35257784,Posted: 28 September,all,dont do dis,I have had this game since it was in demo and it says i dont have the game.
76561198319769492,Recommended,285920,35209164,Posted: 25 September,all,garrisonhiltz,this game is great even though its tillbeing developed< i cant wait to see if they add multiplayer.
76561198376407452,Recommended,285920,35221476,Posted: 26 September,all,Jacobtran88,This Game is abusalutly amazing
76561198251653576,Recommended,285920,31367846,Posted: 25 April,all,Rageing Fire,It is a really good game I would recommend to anyone who has a lot of spare time although you do need a good computer to run it
,Recommended,285920,24703478,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Quack,Would waste 20h building a base only to have massive NPC's spawn and distroy it again.
76561198179422102,Recommended,285920,24766841,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,titanium ninja,"it is a good game, but i can't play it till i get a better computer"
76561198054721187,Recommended,285920,24569188,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Auschwitz Gone Wild,"You can build a vehicle so big it can devour entire forests at a time, refine them, and fire them into the atmosphere all at once."
76561198271808197,Recommended,285920,24712950,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,samhall181003,NO NO im not adicted what are you talking about its not as if i only got the game on - 02/08/16 - SHHHHHHHH
76561198129945656,Recommended,285920,24759617,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Chicken Master,I absolutly love this game! Only bad thing is how laggy it can get.
,Recommended,285920,17707529,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Baxter,Great Game!Keep Up The Good Work!+Really Tactical+Lots of Combinations+Reasonable Price+Fun Combat-MAKES ME RAGE WHEN I DIE AFTER GETTING ALL THE AWESOME PARTS AND THEN HAVE TO START AGAIN!!! (Not Really A Negative but alright)-Repetitive-Some Techs are just Guns ♥♥♥♥♥s who have crap all ablitity to moveP.S Negatives don't really affect me that much but might affect someone elses decision.
,Recommended,285920,26535946,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,VanSHOE,"really goodconstruction mechanics can be improved, i dont like rebuilding my tech after every fightexploration is fantastic..u shud get the game if u r into um...robot wars/crashtastic etc"
,Recommended,285920,16995765,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,=BB= M1 Garand Is God Incarnate,"Built huge mobile base, went to salt flats, wrecked an invader, havent seen an enemy yet. 11/10 would kill invader again."
,Recommended,285920,18192191,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GIJojo,Awesome game for where it is at! only downside is that at this the time of this review not much content as far as the story end of it. Other then that its awesome for early access! About to make a video of it once im done and the things i have learned and show the game off!
76561198125557396,Recommended,285920,24961182,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Dill-Dickels,Addictive
76561197986262991,Recommended,285920,26163016,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Storm,"It's fun to fire up once in a while and ""mess around"" for a few hours.  I like to start a new game, build up a bit till I have a nice tank (yellow blocks) and then mess around a bit before quitting for a few months.  That's pretty much the depth of the game, not sure what the end game will end up as but it's still in EA so let's wait and see.Definitely not the same as Factorio or Folk Tale where you build something up and keep building.  You can easily lose pieces from your rig and then struggle to get yourself sorted.  Usually easier just to die and let the game rebuild you (for a fee of course)I have to give it a thumbs up cause there's no ""meh"" option as it's a game that doesn't actually have anything to achieve other than wasting a few hours, much like a kid playing on a jungle gym.  No matter how much time you put into this game, you're bound to find yourself no further than the starting position.  Still, got my monies worth so I'm good.  Plus my kids enjoy messing around in it whenever there's new patches out so that's cool."
76561198057873518,Recommended,285920,29471199,Posted: 24 January,all,Elmer Mel J Gibson Fapp,"at first appearence it seems like nothing more than a primitive knock off sandbox game which is what i thought until i bought it and found it's a fun primitive sandbox game. minimal problems with what you get along with a solid amount of content well, the game is well worth the 20$"
,Recommended,285920,23864677,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,alexgaffikin,"Great gameI really recommend it, but i bought the R&D pack DLC and it didnt and still hasn't worked"
76561198051351289,Recommended,285920,24887629,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],"It's kinda like Robocraft except, it's only singleplayer and the devs actually improve the game instead of making it worse.The whole time you play this you'll keep asking yourself WHY DOESN'T THIS HAVE MULTIPLAYER because if you could play co-op it would be great.Get it on sale though."
76561198215740821,Recommended,285920,35472015,Posted: 4 October,all,mR dearon,terratech is a relly good game tho i think this game suld have multiplayer
76561198060851728,Not Recommended,285920,14440231,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,KnifeRev,I liked the demo then when i did buy the game it was another 1.... wasted 17 $
76561198356373212,Not Recommended,285920,32831909,Posted: 26 June,all,cliffsk,"I did not enjoy the game. Found it difficult to find the right mix of build types. Challenges ramp up too quickly. Getting destoryed really sets you back, considering how easy it it to lose."
,Recommended,285920,22009955,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,̸̵̴̷̴̸̷̴̖̭̞̙͖̖͚̞̈́̉͊̃͂̈́̉͊,"""One of the good ones.""This is a great game!"
76561198115994791,Recommended,285920,20498388,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,⇂Øဌىτ୧г,I LOVE IT!!! i like the fact that you canbuild ANAYTHING! please note: the GSO megaton cannon needs to be GEO Corp instead
,Not Recommended,285920,20617051,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Razgriz Ace18 (Still not dead),"I looked and watched some youtubers, looked fun an all, but invaders come way to frequently to make any progress and since I found out people can use cheat engine to make broken vehicles, it's not too fair at all. About 5 times I got killed by something called ""Mole Rat"". Oh, and the plane controls are god-awful and confusing. The propeller on the default plane broke due to crashing before I could actually comprehend the controls.Now before I get yelled at. It definately can be fun, and it has major potential. I actually truely enjoy early acess games, but this one isn't worth getting until it's done. If you wanna grab it now, be my guest, but be warned for the broken invasion system."
76561198153387041,Recommended,285920,21772564,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,izzy_adventures,"This game is really really fun, although at times it is hard to find things to do."
76561197966633249,Not Recommended,285920,32882624,Posted: 27 June,all,denpo,"While this game had so much potential it pretty much have abandonned by their developpers.It could have been a fantastic 3D version of factorio, alas the logic engine is unable to process a somewhat normal sized factory.Forget about the ingame bug reporting options, they will probably never reply, like for me.After 20 hours of game I reach a point the game is unplayable, framerate goes under 1fps regardless of the graphic settings (CPU bottleneck), reported the issue and never got a single feedback since then (it's been months and an update ago).For the king of money I left on this game I expected more that a single dev working on his WeekEnd project. I don't know if it's the case, but it's definitely  the way it feels."
76561198189485983,Not Recommended,285920,34258389,Posted: 15 August,all,mk33,this is good game but too expensiveplease add multiplayer and this game can be much better
76561198126580473,Recommended,285920,28004825,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hotrodnick,I played the beta and before it was famous and stuff to.
76561198277165237,Recommended,285920,22918276,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TalisPcGaming,i do think this game is fun but not worth 20 bucks oh and also to get sandbox mode you need to buy it. i think this game would be worth 5 bucks
76561197975552388,Not Recommended,285920,28934122,Posted: 2 January,all,Moipersoin,"Not happy with this product..I really want to like this game...I purchased early access, the game is just a slow grind with no real plot or progress ...No sandbox mode is just a deal breaker ...Having to pay for a sandbox mode on an early access game you've just purchased is insulting ...As it stands it has awkward mechanics, gets boring really quick, and as I expected is buggy.Being able to play openly with all available game mechanics would have made exploring this tittle more interesting ...Maybe these guys will go somewhere with this ...Until then, I'd suggest waiting before handing over any money ..."
76561198115773986,Recommended,285920,34505741,Posted: 26 August,all,habadaba,iz dank
76561198208738237,Recommended,285920,30844918,Posted: 30 March,all,Luke4242,lit
76561198313831160,Recommended,285920,32031765,Posted: 28 May,all,lamphouse99,I really like this game.
,Recommended,285920,23049874,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Derp,♥♥♥♥ the robotsfu fu ♥♥♥♥ the robots
76561198083923052,Not Recommended,285920,26422535,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,owencunning,"Alright, Terra Tech...Ok, so I want to start by saying this game looked cool. I say Jacksepticeye play it a while back, and it looked ok so I though screw it, I'll try it.And I can say this from the 30 minutes I played:It's boring. Done!Why?First off you don't even aim, you just hold a button to shoot. The AI is pretty simple, it just circles you or stands still while shooting constantly. The game has a good system for upgrading your tank, but that will get boring after abount 5 minutes when you realize that if you want a certain part, you have to be lucky to find someone who has that part, and then beat them in a fight, so they have to be smaller then you. And when you do get all of the parts you wanted, if someone with a bigger tank will just DESTROY you, in like an instant. So you have to run from bigger tanks and fight smaller ones, who also run from you. I mean, sure, you can circle your opponant to make their aim less accurate, but that is as far as combat goes.Just...Alright honestly this game isn't so bad, I just found it boring, especially for 21 dollars. I mean, look at it! It is not a 21 dollar game!TL/DR:It's boring, and not worth the price."
76561198334663665,Not Recommended,285920,29230085,Posted: 13 January,all,tyloror,it constly crashes
76561198148418852,Not Recommended,285920,18051272,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,NinjaNub29,this game suk
,Recommended,285920,22077915,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Daleks2377,"This review is yes and no right now. I would and wouldn't recommend this game, Its great but it lacks so much stuff that it could be doing, like multiplayer for instance. It also lacks a workshop to my knowledge, and you can only send your stuff to attack other people via twitter,You cant just send it out to attack some one without twitter. But all of these things are eclipsed by there being no multiplayer. yes i recommend it for how fun it is but i hate that I've had to start over multiple times because after every update either i want to try it out and can't or i'm forced to because my buy block dissapears for no reason. No i don't recommend it because of the stuff you just read a few seconds ago. No multiplayer either, I was expecting a survival based multiplayer or something similar and fun, So far no luck I really hope this is on the devs mind or agenda. perhaps if its not going to be ""fun"" with a ton of people playing together how about spreading them out over a huge map? making it if 10s of people were on one map or even hundreds with the release of multiplayer, encounters with other people would make it only 1-2 per 4-5 minutes. TLDR: No multiplayer but its fun."
76561198209942104,Not Recommended,285920,17576003,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,hasnain.dds,unless you have the best computer in the world the game will lag sooo badly
76561198063198779,Not Recommended,285920,17435382,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,God-Emperor Hellriser623,"The game was giving me a tutorial on taking over other crafts so I was like ""why not"" I took my drivers seat off and attached it onto my new craft, it flew over a hill then crashed, I thought the thing was horrible on my way back to my old craft (which I spent near to an hour building) a high level thing crushed it in two seconds, this game is way too brutal and is never forgiving"
76561198192737079,Not Recommended,285920,18778729,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DerpBoTube,Meh got bored in 1 day cant refund :(
76561198084540812,Not Recommended,285920,23372260,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,some random dude,1 gets to laggy to play after long periods of time2 theres no real story mode3 been out for quite a while snd still  in early acces4 buggy messfor 20 bucks not worth for 10 or less yea
,Recommended,285920,16572885,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pilot in Training lv 0,yes ......
,Not Recommended,285920,18720531,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Polka,Crashes within 3 minutes of beginning a game:L i want to like it but 0n0
76561198067218515,Recommended,285920,16269516,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,🐾SypeiTerra🐾,very good game but you need to make the 2 slot refiner crafting recipe simpler
76561198070472331,Recommended,285920,16429988,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bobby,MY GOD GAME FUN SO FUN MEGA TON CANNONSI HAS 2 CANNONS FUN AS HELL i played this for 2 hrs crazy
,Not Recommended,285920,17324841,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,"Mutant RampagersYT -music,more -",its giving me a black screen but the menu is there plz help
76561198267201588,Not Recommended,285920,20476424,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hazelnoot,Awful
76561198056433718,Not Recommended,285920,17283532,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ghozerono,No Words...
76561198349612111,Recommended,285920,30784016,Posted: 27 March,all,natechrist43,Its awsome get it!!
76561198033125143,Not Recommended,285920,24953003,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Int,"I do not use twitter, my friends are not using twitter. (hello? some ppls still prefer to  talk to living creatures). OK - i registered new account just for this game - IT GOT BANNED AFTER FIRST RANKED GAME FOR VIOLATING TWITTER RULES OF AUTO ACTIONS.Sorry developer, but you are sick if you think ppls can't live without your fing twitter and you are going to base your game on it. (or iis it just a sick promotion?)Not going to reccommend to anyone untill that game get a NORMAL mechanics of challenging other players designs."
,Not Recommended,285920,18064605,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,[Wiskie],Good concept but not enoughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh stuff. To Do.
,Not Recommended,285920,23967278,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"1/10 at this current state in the game its not even close to what its worth, this is a .50c game."
,Recommended,285920,22728668,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,wilbo1210,Very good would recommend to anyone
76561198136179044,Not Recommended,285920,17975736,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NoahClarke14,its a boring game to plat by yourself its not a game i would reccomend
,Not Recommended,285920,18347526,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,asianrager,very glitchy and lagy the graphics are okay the controls are very very sensistive but kinda fun but then you wiil just stop playing after a month
,Not Recommended,285920,18842846,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Angry,"Story mode is bugged. Several tries, all stuck due to different bugs."
76561198126614835,Not Recommended,285920,20189860,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TowheadedLime,I cant play terratech a black screen keeps popping up and i cant play it
,Not Recommended,285920,19743191,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,態sєrfuや,sUCK iS lAGGY
76561198100887523,Not Recommended,285920,20616014,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,maxwell,This game was not worth the 20 dollars that i spent on this game so if you could refund my money that would be very generous of you guys
76561198245946764,Not Recommended,285920,20166771,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,bromon747,terribly laggy
76561198050301689,Recommended,285920,20367392,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mason,"well since early access is just a donation platform sure i recommend, get ready to crash and play a slideshow"
76561198259355344,Not Recommended,285920,19136433,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,bloodboi,i am very agrivated i just bought the game but i cant even type my name so i cant play i really need help plz
76561198283962044,Not Recommended,285920,24523197,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,obid,how do i get a refund
76561198067193348,Not Recommended,285920,17454548,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ShadowWolf_999,"COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY, ITS NO WHERE NEAR  READY TO BE SOLD, FULL OF BUGS GLITCHES OVERPRICED AND GAMEPLAY IS SHOCKING. ALL THOUGH VISUALLY STUNNING, YOU HAVE TO FIGHT EVERYTHING YOU SEE WITH LITTLE TO NO CHANCE OF WINNING WITHOUT LOSING MASE AMOUNTS OF YOUR MACHINE, PLUS THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN BUY BLOCKS OR TECHS OR ANYTHING IS TO HAVE A COMPUTER PART, WITCH IS A GOOD IDEA BUT IF YOU LOSE IT GOOD LUCK GETTING ANOTHER ONE WITHOUT STARTING THE GAME AGAIN, NOT TO MENTION YOU CANT BUY TECHS YOU HAVENT ATTACHED TO YOUR OWN MACHINE WITCH IS AMAZINGLY SILLY SEEING AS IF YOU CANT BEAT ANYTHING YOUR STUCK WITH A LITTLE MINI DEFAULT BOT WITCH WILL LOSE ALMOST EVERY FIGHT. FINDING USEFULL PARTS IS ALSO A VERY SLIM CHANCE SEEING AS YOUR GIVEN A SINGLE SET OF PARTS TO CRAFT AND REFINE BLOCKS AT THE BEGINING AND IF YOU LOSE THEM DONT PLAN ON GETTING THEM BACK EVER AGAIN, IV PLAYED ON ONE SAVE FOR DAYS AND I PROMISE YOU, YOU WONT FIND THE BLOCKS YOU GET AT THE START EVER. SO ITS A NO FOR ME 1) OVERPRICED 2) UNDER DEVELOPED 3) FAR TO HARD TO FIND ESSENTIAL PARTS AND 4) ALL AI BOTS ARE EVIL"
76561198122192272,Not Recommended,285920,17699852,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Slimeking,this game gives vireses
,Not Recommended,285920,17449414,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,maxjones900,it much boredom
76561198142177056,Not Recommended,285920,18452151,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Marvi2004,i cant play it because all i do is lag!!!!!!!!!!
76561198245739598,Not Recommended,285920,17640996,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,liamburger,when i make a game and play it for  a bit then go off the game then back on it gos black tyhen kicks me off
,Recommended,285920,24362558,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mechy,vrey fun crashes a lot :(
76561198193641511,Not Recommended,285920,20549471,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MULTI TRACK DRIFTING (K101MM),"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DIE FREQUENTLY IN OTHER GAMES. Pretty much every time you die, its to an enemy stronger than you. When you die to them, you respawn as the starter tech. Youre supposed to be able to defeat the enemy and get your parts back, but they just insta kill you anyway. To sum it up, every time you die you basiccaly have to start the game over from scra11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111144444444444444444444444000000000-------------- sorry my cat stepped on the keyboard and im too lazy to fix it. I was going to say scratch. You start over from scratch."
76561198078898422,Recommended,285920,14775398,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dawgsrfun,this game is COOL
76561198244298630,Recommended,285920,32042883,Posted: 29 May,all,Hippoz Rule,Good so far.
76561198318388200,Recommended,285920,32277990,Posted: 8 June,all,w.swartout,Every time i try to go into terra tech it crashes every single time so can u plz fix that
,Recommended,285920,32333085,Posted: 10 June,all,pinkwool111,Its a fun game and totaly worth the money.
76561198135657883,Not Recommended,285920,18324752,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mr.Potato™,"One thing about this game that it is hard like Hell for the trading station the ""trolls"" are literly trolling us with their stupid guns they have.    Don't waste your money on this game."
76561198260858644,Not Recommended,285920,19564776,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jtaborek71,THIS GAME SUCKS. THE DLC DOSENT EVEN WORK ITS BULLCRAP
76561198201120537,Not Recommended,285920,32158262,Posted: 3 June,all,nikola586,I dont know what hapened but after a update my game sudenly started running like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was perfect but the devs aded something new and i cant even start a new world. Thw R&D Test chamber is invisible and the only visible thing is the parts but after i touch one my game crashes.
76561198210452249,Recommended,285920,28609335,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Victory blue,I LOVE THIS GAME I I GOT IT
76561198255007070,Not Recommended,285920,18564068,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,potatotrippe,PAYLOAD THE GAME DOSE NOT WORK $20 WAISTED ALL THE HARD WORK FOR 5WEAKS
76561198091713125,Not Recommended,285920,18558251,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SniperOfGlory,The Game Sucks You Drive Around in Cars And Destroy Other Cars. And When You Get a Big Machine Going It Gets Destroyed as well.
76561198063812992,Recommended,285920,24266424,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Cheeseman,"I played this game for a while and found that it was very difficult. I died a few times and lost everything. when it told me to kill the robot and take the sheild the sheild exploded while I was killing the robot so I had to restart. there is no mode on the game to make the rest of the robots easier or to just remove them .it's really annoying at the start until you are lucky enough to not run into a difficult opponent then after you get a few bots and a base started, the game starts to get fun. also there are no console commands in the game so if you want to cheat to get the the fun part you have to download some other things. I recommend that if you buy this game don't give up within the first hour."
76561198296045578,Recommended,285920,31219101,Posted: 18 April,all,LikeABoss!,"It is really hard to start but when you ge to it, it is really fun"
,Recommended,285920,20168289,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TDA •  • Fraseri,Great game fun and easy(sorta lol)
,Not Recommended,285920,33690416,Posted: 21 July,all,WHO TOUCHED SASHA?!?,"I found this game and thought ""Oh this looks awesome!"" It was nothing like the trailer and wasn't fun in my opinion. But its an opinion."
76561198296027022,Recommended,285920,32209829,Posted: 5 June,all,ZadeTech,Awesome game
,Recommended,285920,23240263,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,owiew7,"-Entered game and said, ""Oh my, I am gonna have fun!""-Built a tiny car and a HUGE KILLER TRUCK.-Left the game.10/10 Would build tiny car again."
,Recommended,285920,20049325,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shinylatios,really good game missing levels and better ai for invaders though :P
76561197960967170,Not Recommended,285920,19273313,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zombie101,Do the amount of Glitches Unstable nature.  I cann't not recommand buying the game at this time.  5.11 is completely unstable.  I have switched to unstable beta 5.19+  I'll give and update my review as I contunie my tests of the game.
76561198272348392,Not Recommended,285920,35180671,Posted: 24 September,all,thorny weeds,"This game is horrible. As soon as you start some random overpowered tech will roll by, kill you, destroy your stuff, and despawn. Then you respawn, buy your stuff back, only for another randomly overpowered tech to steamroll you again."
76561198283945500,Not Recommended,285920,21262829,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,OneSwordGamer,This game sucks... it barly tells you how to do things... and what are you going to do if you dont have a dobble click mouse!?!?!?!?!?
76561198212233935,Not Recommended,285920,17529670,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,tims67vettes,it wont let me play
76561198120393192,Not Recommended,285920,17402736,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cool Cat is my Friend,unless you have a fast computor. not worth it
76561198333114421,Recommended,285920,32595488,Posted: 20 June,all,zayajames11,"Some may think that this game is too expensive. Some may think it's a waste of money, but I think its totally worth the 20 bucks! It might get kinda frustrating at first, but It gets really cool. :)"
,Recommended,285920,32703317,Posted: 23 June,all,Nick,AWSOME
76561198324253351,Recommended,285920,32570485,Posted: 19 June,all,InsecureDamps,"This game is absolutely incredible. I love everything about it. Except sometimes i'll be at my base minding my own business when a tech ten times bigger than me comes over and destroys everything. Please add a power rating for techs. Regardless, 96/100."
76561198273737091,Not Recommended,285920,20865100,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,awesomeness38121,it sucks manly because the riget click botton but it is lame
76561198390489187,Recommended,285920,33189106,Posted: 3 July,all,St3_D_Ninja,great game and i definetely reccomend it
,Recommended,285920,33495661,Posted: 12 July,all,ÜniicornZzCS,pretty fun but gets boring very fast
,Recommended,285920,19123706,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,AlexTheCow12,"THIS GAME IS REALLY FUN... but, you need a strong computer to play it, so buy it if you have a strong computer."
76561198158350269,Recommended,285920,22509126,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,pagero,good
76561198046193516,Recommended,285920,22523830,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Shashlik,"Game usually gets updated frequently, around weekly updates with a big update every month or so. Last update was over a month ago, might it've been abandoned?Just upvoting because i still played is for 140 hours, though i did spent €30 on the game..."
76561198190043121,Recommended,285920,22612123,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,charles_mitts,this is a epic game and it is great. its like legos
,Recommended,285920,22557202,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bashworth,I like this game but i think they need to add different blocks for a base or home
,Recommended,285920,22364087,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,RonnieSuperSpy,Fun i cant wait to try it in multiplayer
,Recommended,285920,22643620,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bilbo T-Baggins,this game is great. it is still in developnment so i send bug reports. over all only a little bit laggy and a great game(:
,Recommended,285920,22833875,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TheN!gger123,Hella good game.
76561198216603761,Recommended,285920,22318655,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CrazyMonkey179,Good
76561198165504442,Recommended,285920,22402052,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SilentKiller24,Really Cool Game If there was Multiplayer for You and Your Friends It Would Be A Lot Cooler!
,Not Recommended,285920,17285327,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Xebo101,this game is completely a waste of time i do not recomend this game to anybody as its way overpriced and plain♥♥♥♥♥boring.*only good thing about this game is that if you want to ride around on a thing you created for 5 min go and waste your money on this.*game over priced*not fun*boring
76561198150834377,Recommended,285920,22011064,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DanKio,i love it but after i played it for a wiel and it stoped working can you please help me or fix it
76561198109381811,Recommended,285920,20183675,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sukash,hey developers if u are reading this ADD CONTROLLER SUPPORT!oh the game?THE GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!10/10 would drive again
76561198142299810,Recommended,285920,20332901,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pixlbit,"Had a good car for a starterHad a mission to buy a tractor padWent to the the trading stationAn invader cameI ran awayI waited until daytime to charge my batteryCharged my batteryFought the invader and lost two wheels and a repair bubbleRan for my lifeSaw a guy named,""MrEasy""He wasn't so easyHad to restart10/10 would falcon punch my pc again."
76561198195915954,Recommended,285920,21915411,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,cape084,SUPER F****** BOSS
76561198097786608,Recommended,285920,24632715,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Frew1g Hellcase.com,I cant open it it just crashes
,Recommended,285920,19108801,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Grohik_Krii,"Amazing game, still some bugs but is to be expected. Worth every dollar."
76561198305593926,Recommended,285920,24301840,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,PRO_PIX,this is AWEESSOOOOOOOOOOOOMMEU HAV TOOOO GIT ITyou have to get terra techi think you will love it! :)
76561198159576433,Not Recommended,285920,24302003,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Amades,"3.2/10-Great Graphics-Good Idea-Amazing creation system-CostomizationThat was the good things, now for the bad...-Cpu AI is to high-To laggy-Get blown up to easy-Co-op is just another bot but you can't control it-Weapons off targets-Enemys to fast-Turning is to slow-Resources don't go where you want them to go unless you remove the tractor pads, and even THEN it still doesn't grab onto the items you want the thing to grab on to, This mostly happens with recources-Frustration-Cost's to much for this much hastle-Enemys always go behind you so you can't hit them and it's REALLY annoying -_-"
,Recommended,285920,18881142,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,THE DERPYDITTO,good game but grapich mesed upsorry about my spelling
76561198206118120,Recommended,285920,30069334,Posted: 20 February,all,BALLONMASTER,I WANT TO CANCLE A REFUND FOR THIS GAME!
76561198260404231,Recommended,285920,24321788,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Chez Stuvd Bagelz,great game 9/10 would kill everyone again
,Recommended,285920,24213484,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DillyDiamond,"Ive played this game a small bit ( i havent played it much because my computer is as slow as a sloth with a boulder on it), and ive enjoyed it. This is a good game if you like to be creative."
76561198129852459,Recommended,285920,23955787,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,epicriley32,hi
76561198200925371,Recommended,285920,24261015,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bayview887,relly good slightly anoying.
76561198158026232,Recommended,285920,24251027,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,✵ Nova69 ✵,Amazing+Creative+anything+booster/thrusters+guns+blocks+wheels+make whateveryou want+etc=AMAZING 100/100 SCORE!!!
76561198079359021,Recommended,285920,24185553,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ElpadoCaliente,The Idea of this game is really nice but it hasn't a lot of replayability.I got this game in its early stages but it hasn't got any big changes exept for the different kind of cars and the decorative blocks. The main Mission/Quest still bugs out after a ton of updates but I got a free copy so my vote is a TenOuttaTen and I give it 3 bags of Cheetos out of 4 mushed tomatos.
76561198121922795,Recommended,285920,31715420,Posted: 12 May,all,FerociousCow707,"I love this game, it's so creative and fun!!!!! There isn't much multiplayer options though. Personally, I think the best kind of tech is planes."
,Recommended,285920,23191855,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,marszalekmt,"great game you should get it.you build a huge tank that crushes tiny(big) peeps and have huge base thats like a factory   .and if you have lag turn the graphics to fastest and click the windowed of before you play, (its worth 20$)"
76561198232084168,Recommended,285920,31695988,Posted: 11 May,all,Gyzmo.Firefall,Normal: It's okCreative mode: TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!!!!!
76561198365900785,Recommended,285920,29858622,Posted: 11 February,all,sebhubner,the game keeps crashing can you fix it please
,Recommended,285920,19018509,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SecretDoctor,I like this.
,Recommended,285920,24965344,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,JatuYT,Amazing game! never wanna stop playing! For those of who who hate ityou willnever find another good game! ( Apart from Minecraft )
,Recommended,285920,24980814,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,sdevon299,When do you think the EXP Dymono Generator will be ready? Just out of curiosity. :)
76561198298351505,Recommended,285920,23104295,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DGotPower,Terra is love terra is life
,Not Recommended,285920,24016808,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,´Regenschabe.,"Don´t buy this game for this price, if u are a lucky one you could have fun with this game for 5 up to 10 hours.I know the game is Early Access, but the developer aren`t realy working on this game anymore and trust me, it´s not worth it..."
,Recommended,285920,29472720,Posted: 24 January,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"Oh man, I love this game, I built a moving fortress and survived for a long enough time to build a factory for gaining money and making new stuff for my vehicle, 10/10"
76561198118312988,Recommended,285920,23309913,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,AwesomeSocks,"Amazing, but Laggy. only play with good specs/Mac."
,Not Recommended,285920,28634706,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kewl Emperor Kommunist (KEK),its laggy and hard t ocontrol
,Not Recommended,285920,24675980,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,iiYamchaii,"This game is a great for people who like building and open world styled games but at the momment I cannot recommend this to anyone who gets fruscated easily as this game's AI is complete and utter noscence. The AI will circle around you making it diffucult to hit and easy for them to hit you and this game's turn is horrible it is just HORRIBLE and with the AI combat is just ""Can you tank it long enough to kill it?"" ""No?"" ""Cab destoryed"" Only techs build for speed will be able to compete. The combat in this game gets a whooping 3/10 while the overall game gets a 8/10 It just needs to work on AI to make it challenging yet not unfair. My next problem is saving."
76561198339024331,Recommended,285920,28639117,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SpongeBob SquarePants,i keep getting an error message saying: 'oops! the game has crashed!' whenever i try to begin a new game. please help.
76561198281644406,Recommended,285920,28650194,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,flipkick 25,HOW do i get the game you start it wont start
,Not Recommended,285920,21436393,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,pyroshark,♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥mistake
76561198314078693,Recommended,285920,23848523,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,future5953,Amazing
,Not Recommended,285920,17285791,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MrBobMrBob,"Very hard to control. Also, every time you try and redo your base, 20 guys come and try to kill you."
76561198274269074,Recommended,285920,33842408,Posted: 27 July,all,Sol,COOOOOOOL
76561198140813151,Recommended,285920,33932957,Posted: 31 July,all,Murkpool,its a gud
76561198032210524,Recommended,285920,25815756,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,thedrowningman,very fun little game
,Recommended,285920,24745316,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Iz Sum Ting Wong?,Great game! Just really laggy on my crappy i3-3120M...Don't judge!Don't you just love Intel Integrated Graphics 4000?
76561198286380078,Recommended,285920,28476270,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,jojojay.martin,"fun game, but crashes way too mutch! and death can be somewhat unforgiving."
,Not Recommended,285920,30397254,Posted: 8 March,all,ThePatchWorkHoax,"This game is early access so everything I say might not apply.I do REALLY like this ""Idea"" but the game just gets boring after a while and you end up farming for parts and making a base that you dont want to leave because the missions are useless...Edit: (Dev asked me what I wanted:)If you are adding ""Creative mode"" it would be great to add robots to a menu were others can use them and with that have an ARENA mode were you can either 1v1,2v2 ect or try to survive waves of robots with diffrent cover and WITH that have a ""random robot"" button were it picks a robot designed by the devs for certian things, this would give the game alot more re-playability other than just making robots."
76561198312095932,Recommended,285920,25225752,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,epiclolyay,This game is so fun how you can go around smashing AI's and taking all of their stuff and using that to make yourself better and stronger and you can design and build your robot yourself and not many games allow you to do that. (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED)
76561198147781201,Recommended,285920,29036292,Posted: 5 January,all,Nathan the Legionare,I Love This Game! Got It Years Ago!:D
76561198253323209,Not Recommended,285920,28511489,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SOVIET OOF,"It lags all the time, randomly crashes, and there really isant much to do. Honestly i think that No mans sky is a better place to waste your money. Overall its just terrible."
76561198011657297,Recommended,285920,29466133,Posted: 24 January,all,Scorpion,"Underestimated this game fun factor, seen it, tested it just littlebit, then really tryed it.. wow FUN game :)Have basebuilding, AI ""pet"" techbots harvesting, crafting trade.. Conveyors ect ect.."
76561198165985688,Recommended,285920,31359425,Posted: 25 April,all,Souper Chicken,Great game...
,Recommended,285920,23140562,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Raziel2807,"Terra Tech is an excellent idea! Build your tech, harverst, battle, be invaded.I spent a lot of time battling and harversting to build my dream tech. It is very fun!Be brave and buy the game, you will have a lot of fun!I've seen that the team is doing a lot of updates, there are also interesting pieces of tech that they put inside the game. I was even able to build a hover tank using only the plane turbines.This game has some annoying bugs, but as it is still in alpha we can forgive them, for now.I recommend the game and hope they made it to final version with a lot of fun stuff!"
76561198042210752,Recommended,285920,24804165,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all, Sinisterzz ,Great Adventure game I enjoyed playing for the time I have. I recommend if you like adventure or any other traveling related themes
,Recommended,285920,19939752,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,{MNI} Kename,Within the first hour-I FLEW TO DA MOON WITH LAZERZ-KILLED THE FOREST-KILLED MORE FORESTS-MADE A FLYING KILL MCHINE OF KILLING-BEAT LIFE-GOT 1MIL BB
,Recommended,285920,24837445,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rawr_056,It's super amazing how this game has progressed the last time I played it. There's still a lot to be done but I am currently enjoying how it is unlike before.
76561198004004310,Not Recommended,285920,31493543,Posted: 1 May,all,Keichimaru,"TerraTech has been a great ride for me. You build a little robot car thingy, then you get pieces to make a bigger robot car thingy, so on and so forth. It's open world, full of hostile little ♥♥♥♥♥, and you have to try and survive while finding and building things to make your own tech stronger.Unfortunately, the last patch has introduced some very good and not so good things.The devs finally listened, and gave us a Creative mode, for pure exploration and fun. This was a great step in the right direction.That said, they also made the BIGGEST mistake I've seen in this game. Prior to now, the stores would have an unlimited stock of whatever blocks you had access to. Now they have a randomized assortment of blocks that changes once per (in game) day. While I would not be opposed to this normally, the quantiy of blocks early on, coupled with the high price, means that starting out fresh is MUCH harder than it used to be.For this reason alone, I cannot currently reccomend this game. While I adore TerraTech, and will continue to play it, the current store set up is so restrictive that building an early tech is far harder than it needs to be. This will turn new players away from the experience, and veterans like myself will not appreciate this change (since we now have to start all over again from scratch) and this needs to be addressed right away.I will update my review when the trading stations have been fixed, but this is not a change that is in the best interest of this game, or it's players.[UPDATE]  Suggestions / Further thoughts in the comments"
,Recommended,285920,22784493,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,musicmanwins,Wish this game was multiplayer also
,Not Recommended,285920,31908820,Posted: 22 May,all,Korvyr,"Love the game, but no true progress compared to the first time I tried it years ago.If you like what you see at this stage (watch youtube videos or twitch streams), then buy it. Don't expect anything more than what it has, however.I can't recommend it simply because I don't consider a handful of new blocks to be true progress for the amount of time spent. Too many early access games have slid by with just a touch here and a shiny addition there.Only con that comes to mind (aside from lack of tangible progress) is the controls, as they can be quite wonky when trying to create contrabulous, wondabuloud, extrabulous machines of complete and utter annihilation. Especially if they fly.I don't read comments, so fire away below."
,Not Recommended,285920,32307129,Posted: 9 June,all,Sorenson,"They're gradually making the tech better while simultaneously making the gameplay worse. Limiting stock in the shops (and requiring you to have the parts in your inventory if you want to buy a tech you've saved) is a terrible idea and I really hope they reconsider the decision.Don't try to force me to craft and manufacture stuff. If I wanted to play Minecraft, I would. Rather than being forced into doing something I don't enjoy, I just won't play."
76561198255911568,Not Recommended,285920,20299574,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jackychan,my game wont load and now i wasted £10
76561197996952941,Not Recommended,285920,16647512,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bard,"Game was fun until I died away from my base. Spent five hours wandering aimlessly, with no radar and apparently no enemies that spawn with a radar to take. The first half hour of the aimless wandering was pretty fun because there were random items scattered around and it became an interesting game of throwing together a hodge podge vehicle. After that, the random items stopped showing up. Four and a half hours later, no radar, no base, no items, and the only thread of sanity that I have left is the knowledge that one day, we will all die."
76561198253617486,Not Recommended,285920,19981234,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,| Triston Skinhub.com,i can't refund it?
,Recommended,285920,30091733,Posted: 21 February,all,PandaWithAFedora,"I dont remember buying this, Will rebuy soon"
,Not Recommended,285920,30000070,Posted: 17 February,all,Голодный Философ,"Nice gameplay but gets boring soon, also developers refuse to fix trivial bugs that ruin gameplay"
76561198132732475,Not Recommended,285920,28779841,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ghostlyninja125,"not my kinda game, and i think its too expensive for what it is, but if u like building, battling and driving, i guess this is the game for you"
76561198105426489,Not Recommended,285920,22068044,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Zaynyen,forget this go get robocraft
,Recommended,285920,24326223,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Enderninja36YT,A lot better than minecraft!! #TERRA TECH 4 lyfe
,Not Recommended,285920,24277702,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr.crazedmedic,i cant play the game any more it just takes me to the title skreen and then never opens the game
76561198112883518,Not Recommended,285920,22505417,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,DomLobbers,NEEDS MORE STUUUUFFFFFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198198986593,Not Recommended,285920,32180028,Posted: 4 June,all,kurtgilbertson,it crashes every time I play
76561198287661888,Not Recommended,285920,21794565,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,fatcat1220,this game extremly agravating and really hard to play your always dieing and being blown up getting double teamed so just dont buy this
76561198250806046,Not Recommended,285920,23367677,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,blazblue24,"i like the game but it wont play,it takes me to the main page and i have to wait for more than half and houre and its so slow,i ant even play it"
76561198278410580,Not Recommended,285920,25273356,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,c h i l l w a v e,"in 0.15 it worked fine,now it doesnt even work anymore"
,Recommended,285920,16071243,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,KillitsGaming,good keep it up the work
76561198208120595,Not Recommended,285920,20201798,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WaffleSlayz,I Want my money back cause.. u know do like this game but i dont want it.. so can plz have my money back cause im crying right now :(
,Recommended,285920,30592980,Posted: 18 March,all,Gordon Ramsauce,its a gud ga3m
,Not Recommended,285920,26511964,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Oberon,"Ok, so I'm not saying this game is bad, but it can be improved. This is a great game. and a perfect idea, but it is missing a crutial component. A out of game build GUI. Most items will usually be unsorted, and on the ground. This means you will have to do TONS of sorting in the late game. It also means that doing a complete redesign will take too long for a game like this. If there were a seperate build menu, with all your items sorted, it would be much easyer. Even with storage blocks this isn't complete because of uneaven ground, and the possible enemy attack. So, again, this is an amazing game, and I'm not saying you shouldn't buy it, but it does have a few features that I can't live without."
,Not Recommended,285920,18580765,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,furryfireman123,"Buggy buggy buggy. I understand it is an early access game but this is crap. Full of so many game breaking bugs, things don't appear, don't attach and leave you stuck hoping the devs can fix the game so you can start a new one and do it allll over again."
,Not Recommended,285920,18538255,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sialoquent,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,285920,20281801,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,UnknownRaven,Assume game
,Not Recommended,285920,20435210,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,XenaMonena,I refunded this game and I didnt recieve my money!!! DONT REFUND IT
76561198104040378,Recommended,285920,31392180,Posted: 27 April,all,Pneumo,"Awkward bot/ base building, but undoubtably worth the money."
,Recommended,285920,24285925,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,shawncoolarmy,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER only proplome is that i have to play it in 640 400
76561198287690762,Not Recommended,285920,28380225,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dubious King,It's kind of boring and it laggs so much for me.
76561198347831503,Not Recommended,285920,29663486,Posted: 2 February,all,william41,im sorry for the negitive review but your game keeps crashing when i try to launch it the screen is white and it sends a error message.
76561198353553200,Recommended,285920,29238300,Posted: 13 January,all,tony_gao1106,hi
,Not Recommended,285920,22028607,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,shoga,"I didn't like it at all, wasn't what I expected."
76561198259074608,Not Recommended,285920,20911961,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MIC Check,"TerraTech...It's a well made game and it has a lot of good qualities like being able to build your own robot and everythingit's a lot of fun for the first hour or so, but after that, there really isn't much left.Please, dont get wrapped in because you've seen youtubers like Ssundee or JackScepticEye play the game because outside of this, the game is far overshadowed by free-to-play games on steam like Robocraft (i'm not a dev of the game and this is just my own opinion).The build process is well made but takes forever. on top of this, you are also made very vulnerable to being ambushed and torn apart, which is something that happens far too often. Forcing you to have to reconstruct your mech every 5-10 minutes.There really isn't any end goal and it gets very repetitive VERY quickly.Sorry Terratech, you were fun but you're just not worth the money"
76561198209500363,Not Recommended,285920,22114299,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Autobot longhaul,WORST GAME EVER DON'T BUY IT
76561198027437590,Recommended,285920,17290633,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,poury hootar,its awsome its still glitchy but good anyways
76561198224561324,Not Recommended,285920,17374512,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,V10snake,zero stars laged my computer would not play game ever (DO NOT PLAY)
76561198084241611,Recommended,285920,21983155,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,snoojey,This is a really fun game
76561198067018097,Recommended,285920,20197883,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Benjicles,GREAT JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!     love it              i love that you have to use your imaganation and build whatever you wantKEEP MAKEING THIS GAME BETTER BY UPDATEING IT
76561198226163936,Recommended,285920,24471786,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,zonares22,its not bad but........Robocraft is kinda still better
76561198263788945,Recommended,285920,22326445,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,TerraTech is for people who like bots and destroying others its FUN
76561198161601195,Recommended,285920,32711892,Posted: 23 June,all,Ethan00ps,i cant play it it is laggy for meand not playableand it crashes alot
,Recommended,285920,23407218,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,chef boyardeez nuts,Great game. I like how this game works with you unlocking all the cannons and blobks that the tank you just killed drops.
76561198080652000,Not Recommended,285920,21406770,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK,Was pretty laggy and also very hard
76561198047288441,Not Recommended,285920,26940187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hawksniper93,"Do not buy this game. Alpha or not, it is horrible. You never get to rest, constantly attacked by bigger and better things. It is ridiculous how game publishers can get away with charging for a horrible, unfinished product."
76561198281709588,Not Recommended,285920,28618393,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,dylisboss,its super glitchey you should fix it because it makes me not want to play it
76561198323424719,Recommended,285920,24960131,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,khalebfoley,this game is 1 of my favorite growing games theres a few bug and the grafics are pretty good but yea i'd buy it
,Recommended,285920,17269264,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,This game is like minecraft meets gear up or minecraft meets Robocraftits pretty awesomei rate 59935993593595399345/10
76561198379723370,Recommended,285920,31963211,Posted: 25 May,all,TheGreatJustino,dgdfg
76561198302616912,Recommended,285920,28581345,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FunRunner,This game is really fun
,Recommended,285920,32133883,Posted: 2 June,all,ImToppen,Fun game. Sadly its not possible to have sex in it
76561198212636461,Not Recommended,285920,20982900,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,★ StatTrak™ Potato,this game is challenging and very anger applying
76561198216629545,Not Recommended,285920,34975180,Posted: 15 September,all,Dogeium,Game crashes very often for me and i have no idea why.
76561198127179799,Not Recommended,285920,24747561,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Papa wheely,It is horible i cant even save my GAME!
76561198296464388,Not Recommended,285920,35158690,Posted: 23 September,all,NoScopingKitten,The game always freezes and the audio still plays. Reply for help.
,Recommended,285920,22750885,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,petedawg123,Great game but... there hasn't been a new update in quite a while which realy anoys me because im already getting board of the storage thing.
,Recommended,285920,24812919,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Venom_Overlord©,i do recomend it but for some like me its really laggy
,Recommended,285920,24783471,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dr.Snivy,terra tech is fun to play the story or play in the RAD
,Not Recommended,285920,31427259,Posted: 28 April,all,RubbishNateDawg,"Its just like your crush.It looks nice.It seems nice.But after spending a little while with it, it gets boring."
76561198046014107,Not Recommended,285920,32557920,Posted: 18 June,all,Just a Tusken,"Recent update deleted my save which i had worked on for several hours, it broke the campaign making enemies harder at lower level, combat seems much more challenging (to the point that it's frustrating) And overall the campaign (which is where i invest my time) seems to have lost all the fun it had a couple months ago. I don't recommend it anymore due to the recent changes, since getting a good build going is either expensive (like REALLY expensive) or is a royal pain, and even a build that is the best you can scrounge together won't keep up with the AI's seemingly broken scale. If these issues are addressed soon then ignore this, but if this is all intentional, then this game is no longer worth playing IMO."
,Not Recommended,285920,28646873,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shanepro,"I'm no Computer expert, but I know that I have at LEAST the recomended system requirements to play this, yet it's still extremely laggy. And don't give me crap like ""turn down your graphics settings"" and stuff, because I think I went to the lowest settings rather than the resolution, yet still there is extreme lag. If they had fixed the system requirements before, maybe I wouldn't have wasted my money..."
76561198347879751,Not Recommended,285920,34765213,Posted: 5 September,all,LordFox35,"everyone hates me now, but i just personally don't like it."
,Not Recommended,285920,23240865,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[JAWA] Fairchild,Kind of empty feeling.
76561198163579003,Not Recommended,285920,18092394,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,hungaski,"THIS GAME SUCKS MONKET BALLS ITS SO DAMN LAGGY YOU CANT EVEN DO A DAMN THING EVEN AFTER MULTIPLE UPDATES! HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BLOW TWENTY BUCKS ON THIS BULLSH!T, YOU MIGHT AS WELL JUST THROW YOUR MONEY IN THE FIRE."
76561198262604537,Not Recommended,285920,24365435,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Brisinger103,"It was not nearly as much fun as I thought it would be. I watched several Youtubers play this game, and it looked amazing. The only problem is that it extraordinarily slow-paced."
76561198041876996,Not Recommended,285920,26602999,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Apeiron,After 57 minutes i wanted to rebuy. But game didnt accept. Worst game ever. Dont buy it.
76561198170071017,Not Recommended,285920,24485490,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,garshark05,it ceeps on crashing at the start
76561197981916675,Not Recommended,285920,33415032,Posted: 9 July,all,beholder,After more than 2 years in early access this game have bugs which ruining yours playtrough every time and no tools to reverse this. Devs refused to add this tools arguing what they prefer to have feedback about bugs than ensure normal playing for us. So i dont recommend to buy this game. Developers who dont want to help theyr supporters dont deserve your support.
76561198278073914,Not Recommended,285920,21065190,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,duck,i deleted my favorit game for this♥♥♥♥♥♥its terrible and verry laggy
,Recommended,285920,31527947,Posted: 3 May,all,DomizJR Hellcase.com,laggy to muchBut fun :) got refund by accdent now im 1 pound too shrt to buy dis again!!! R.I.P
76561198169897477,Not Recommended,285920,23031425,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Blackops,i havent been playing for very long and it has not been worth 20$ so far i hope you can improve the game and i would like my money back please
76561198228082472,Recommended,285920,17949236,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,squid master fish dog,i love love love yolo lol  its so cool cool cool  ccccccccccccccccccccccccccoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
76561198367860780,Recommended,285920,31751293,Posted: 14 May,all,marcusmoomoo_9,i can not open it!! it allways crashes
76561198301264849,Recommended,285920,22721600,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,EclipsedLight645,I do but will u please fix this bug because when i am mining the blocks and takin it to the station it doesnt complete the misson please fix
76561198269189991,Not Recommended,285920,28688472,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lightningthief42 | gamekit.com,it wont work for me it just gives me a blank screen
76561198273992978,Recommended,285920,22752807,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Audrey Belrose,"The greatest game with destroying and building game with Robots ive played.My problem i have is when there is techs that have so many weapons that create lag worsethan call of duty lag. But the other grades of fabricators is gone that is one thing that happened,I have never gotten sick of doing one thing and thats trying to find a grade five fabricatorStill a EPIC game"
76561198208243755,Recommended,285920,21988591,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Yup That's A Nutsack,k.
76561198319361719,Not Recommended,285920,26310885,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,lovisgaultier,extrem lagging to the extend that I cant play at all.
76561198089647403,Not Recommended,285920,24972315,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TedDoesGaming,"I am sorry to say this but i has to be said Terra Tech is a pratcial joke ive had many free to play games in alpha or beta play which have better quality, better FPS and doesnt crash every 4 seconds.Terra Tech is a no go for money budgeters cause its a waste and it would take 3 years for this game's devs to fix ALL of its problems.For those who aernt money budgeters then well hey get it but be aware of its enormously bad crashing campaign and hardly any real objectives similar to minecraft but with cars and trucks"
76561198189260029,Recommended,285920,28757713,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sirBlake,good enough
76561198342051145,Not Recommended,285920,31090205,Posted: 11 April,all,spinach,"Dear Payload,This game was really fun. once i got higher into the game it became way to hard i faced 2 techs way lower than me and got destroyed instantly. I spent hours trying to get my tech back and beat those techs. after i did that i did a mission for gso on capturing a base. It was a bunch of crappy gso bots so i expected a win. I went up to the first one and somehow it shot through a couple of geocorp blocks to hit my cab and destroy my tech.now i spent another hour trying to fix the darn thing whilst being attacked by really high level geocorp badassesi give up"
76561198166555027,Not Recommended,285920,31068246,Posted: 10 April,all,Puganator,This game was fun for the first 10 min then it got really boring
,Recommended,285920,21965287,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Light -inwl-,"Too much of a good PC to run such a cartoon looking game, other than than needing a pretty good PC for this, the game is pretty fun, until you play it a lot, then it gets boring af."
76561198332976002,Not Recommended,285920,29859859,Posted: 11 February,all,sjslate91,the latest update corrupted my main save game which had every block and loads of money! PLZ HELP TERRATECH DEVS!
76561198237033194,Recommended,285920,23121454,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jcrowell216,the downloadable comment should be 5$ other wise amazing game
,Not Recommended,285920,29836338,Posted: 10 February,all,Vegetables,My Save Files Keep Getting Corrupted. But other then that this is a pretty good game. Might come back to this game when something interesting happens to it.
76561198322201216,Not Recommended,285920,24740108,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,JJJacob360,payed up full for this game and it wont even load up keeps comming up with a crash message not happy waisted my money
76561198399730188,Not Recommended,285920,34985676,Posted: 15 September,all,Louis_Porsiana,terra tech is always lagging plz help me
,Not Recommended,285920,15243235,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Suck my Diction,Like it says it is in early access game and it has tought me to NEVER buy an access game again.
,Not Recommended,285920,28810528,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,(Jimbo)おまえ わ もう しんで,">be me>get game>play game>like game>only get 15-20 frames on gaming pc>deals with low frames>tries to build kick♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing tank of mega destruction>enemies can still attack you in the build beam>gets attacked in build beam> tries to get parts back but♥♥♥♥♥♥kills you again>refunds game and writes review for a game that looked good on paper, but when made they ♥♥♥♥ed everything up."
76561198007262863,Not Recommended,285920,28775041,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,escape goat,"Can't get a stable framerate, even on the lowest graphics settings.  This is with an i7 6700k / GTX 980 Ti setup running @ 1440p."
76561198061675140,Not Recommended,285920,34359782,Posted: 19 August,all,68657869,"I start the game after many crashes before reaching the loading screen to the main menu, I'm in the build mode and the camera is flailing all over the place thus making is nigh - or dare I say completely - impossible to controll. after wersling the camera in an attempt to complete the building tutorial and emerging victorious, I enter combat mode and find the camera to be the exact same. I immedeatly quit and refund the game.maybe the combat is good and very fun, but I'd rather spend my money on something else before even attampting to fathom how painful this game would be to play."
76561198152913818,Not Recommended,285920,26447955,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MtB1,"Ok, first of all this game is a really good in consept; start out with a small tiny bot and kill other bots and collect their scrap to get stronger and also mine to get more money. It is fun for the first 3 hours you play the game but then it just gets stale.It gets repetitive and also the mission system consist of other about 3 mission types: Go kill these guys, collect these resourses, go kill this guy to get licenses.Also you can get to the point were you have a really nice bot but then you go do a mission to kill guys but guess what, they are way better than you and theres three of them. You get completely destroyed and then they give you an option to either start with a painfully low tech bot compared to the one you just had or pay a hefty sum of in-game currency to get the bot you had JUST BEFORE death. This means the bot will probably be missing about half of its' important pieces. If you die than it is really boring climbing the ladder again. I know that later in the game you can store parts and have much ease piecing a bot back together but the grind to get there isn't enjoyable.Also mining which is the main way to get currency is a complete bore. It sucksDON'T GET THIS GAME. If you want a fun combat filled game that you can build your own bot then check out robocraft (Robocraft is also free)"
,Recommended,285920,22804162,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JustAnotherGamer,This is a amazing game if you have not played it get it
76561198122458064,Not Recommended,285920,22577773,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,spartacus3344,IT SUCKS DONKEY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THERS NO WAY TO PLay THIS CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198017632588,Recommended,285920,14368460,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Paganist668,Awesome game. Finally something original! Love it...The only remark i have for this pre alpha is; I would like to have a more relaxed oportunity to build my tech without getting attacked ALL the time while building :) - i know its early xs but its truely the only single thing i can find to complain about-> fixed
76561198247191554,Not Recommended,285920,29433503,Posted: 22 January,all,nkliarskis,it doesnt work
76561198132351004,Not Recommended,285920,29328682,Posted: 17 January,all,tacoman784,We are trying to run Terra Tech on Windows 7 and the Samsung Tab 2 with no success.  Is there issues with these two operating systems?We paid $22 for this game and cannot play it at all.
76561198202550610,Not Recommended,285920,24184314,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Alex West,this game is so glithi so it is not funny. it dosent take muths eford to and it dos not take mots bildig to crake the game.
76561198252507530,Recommended,285920,23835022,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,rondo37,Its hard on my computer. It almost makes it crash sometimes.
76561198345791330,Not Recommended,285920,28165391,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,stefandecouto6,horible I get 0.5 FPS before i even load the game!!!!!!!!
76561198219862533,Not Recommended,285920,25285207,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,You bastard,Give me a refund!
76561198246122894,Recommended,285920,22776236,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MelTex,This a awesome game
76561198085800487,Recommended,285920,20277828,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Arithmetic,I would recommend watching video in youtube or some other search engine
,Not Recommended,285920,26093499,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,xxnoizykillaaaxx,Sooooo Laggy but againg it is in early access so yea.
,Recommended,285920,22733975,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Icarus035,"The game is fun and addicated, but it still needs improvements. I'm sure this will be a great game once it's out of early access."
76561198299845978,Recommended,285920,22766248,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,HerpaDerp3000,Great game! I'm having loads of fun with this!
76561198162532961,Not Recommended,285920,30492761,Posted: 13 March,all,Rekkless,Meh... not all that great...
76561198310916381,Not Recommended,285920,24321847,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,lol,no\
76561198129282873,Not Recommended,285920,25214684,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tecsis,This game is so terribly laggy that when you first go into the game just looking auround the game freezes up. Nobody should get this go awful game. it will just annoy the life out of you until you have to stop.DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198199973651,Not Recommended,285920,24222788,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ShrekTheOgreKing,This is terrible i am so mad when i die i lose everything that i had and this game wastes so much time and this sucks so much.
76561198258274047,Not Recommended,285920,22696331,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rockstarburner,it was boring because i always got the same invader so i found out that i had to connect it to my twitter so i did but now im not getting any invaders.
,Not Recommended,285920,17239248,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ostrich,boring.
76561198239449102,Not Recommended,285920,33071268,Posted: 30 June,all,lana.finch,Couldn't get it to run for us.  Kept crashing during boot.  Hardware above the Minimum level but only borderline the Recommended level
,Not Recommended,285920,23201989,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Toasticles,Played about 20 minutes and it was all i could bare.
76561198103350779,Not Recommended,285920,25009213,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Now you call me Daddy [BCS],not as fun as it seems
,Recommended,285920,16768606,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gunner,cool
76561198228247688,Not Recommended,285920,23855221,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Im Never Rong,♥♥♥♥♥AS
,Not Recommended,285920,24655091,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,whyme,want a refunded
76561198290416224,Not Recommended,285920,32183537,Posted: 4 June,all,bob the builder,the controls are complete♥♥♥♥
76561198176427122,Not Recommended,285920,26256420,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,X35YN,I Would not Recomend to people who don't like tactic games but people who like just guns blazing and you want this game don't get it if you don't like tactics and also don't get it if you like run and gun games
76561198288785767,Not Recommended,285920,31908777,Posted: 22 May,all,Owquan,"Horrible Game, Super complicated and boring, I played it for an hour and stpped playing, if only inew i could refund it before the 14 days were up."
76561198343377305,Not Recommended,285920,26557432,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,woodbridgesamuel,IT CRASHES EVERY TIME BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198147365181,Not Recommended,285920,25569770,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,garu.puko,I hate this game i really want a refund reasons 1.boring 2.lag and dont know what to do because of all the bull♥♥♥♥♥♥that they want you to do at the same time
76561197994086038,Not Recommended,285920,34180089,Posted: 11 August,all,izzuan_cheya,"A game should be fun. A game should not have high severity bug(Small bug is acceptable). But if the developer it frequently changing the rules and game ruin my machine(I mean literally this game cause may machine to show DOS error), that is not a fun game. It is a nightmare. My opinion? If you want to play it, go ahead. But play it when you bought it for one dollar US. That is what it's worth."
,Recommended,285920,23143142,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RDS815,epic
,Recommended,285920,24882718,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BLACK_77_WIST,best GAME EVER 1 THING LEFT ADDING MODS please
76561198131726316,Recommended,285920,14363322,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,slayer420,this game for has a tied spot for first with kerbal space program
,Not Recommended,285920,21994027,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Kennykinz,"broken from the start. opens up to a white screen and freezes there until it says ""not working"" and then closes out. i havent even gotten to see the title or menu of the game. 0 support from anyone but a couple of users who were useless in fixing the problem. Its fantastic when i can run Metal Gear Solid V perfectly withou ta single problem, and a stupid little indie game i cant even get to start. so stupid, even for an early access game. Do Not Buy. Save your 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,285920,31496449,Posted: 1 May,all,poison_reign,"there is one MAJOR issue with the new update the new item prices if you want a good repricing of each of these with prices that i could calculate to make a reduced price or you can make components not able to be sold and instead make a component deconstructer which can break down components and make them their basic materials allowing you to sell these materials for much less than the original component would sell for allowing for a simpler price drop. this is a major problem pushing me from the game now all i do in it is go in creative use a community made mini helicopter fly up 50000 ft. start a free fall and spawn blocks directly above my tech causing myself to be buried in blocks and batteries (as non-tech entities fall slower than tech entities) a week ago i was recomending this game to a freind but the update hit and now its too hard to progress. another issue is the dongles the fact that you have to have all three dongles for every single component factory to produce every single component out of all component factories attached to one grounded tech i feel you should only need one of each dongle for each grounded tech which means if you have an assembly line to make 6 different weapons you would need only one of each dongle for all 50 somthing component factories. another very small issue is the automatic miner and the ores they harvest if you are ouside of a specific area the techs stop working so in essence you cant make a massive mining operation over a 40000 square mile area so why put a limit on the ammount of ores you can harvest if your pacient enough to wait to get 2000 ores then power to you. also this is a major concern for me and th deals with the salt flats, flat basins biome, or whatever the official name is for that biome the area was a perfect takeoff zone for my max builld size 15 cruize missle bomber now they are littered with massive rocks that it is not capable of eliminating out of its path without self harm yes they make a great filling detail i feel that they should be optional as it's environment is perfect for landing and taking off planes. yes i feel like a complainer right now. also another feature that sould be added to creative mode is faction creation so that there can be a purpose to creative mode instead of just sitting there with your techs youll never be able to afford in the campaign mode and you with those factions fight your techs till you or the other faction is victorious and in creative mode have an option to allow enemy techs to spawn in including invaders and add missions to creative mode. i know ""but if we add all that to creative mode then noone will go to the campaign"" but with the campaign there is the challenge of building your techs from hard earned cash and blocks atracting those who have the edge for the challenge. also limited items in the shop was a terrible mistake i usualy buy things in bulk and the new system limits that please fix. my whining is done and i just ask that you please consider what i have mentioned. im actualy neutral on recomendation ill mention it and they can research on it if they are interested"
76561198280737135,Not Recommended,285920,23188338,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Chrispy,Its way too laggy and a waste of money and I want a refund.
76561198334109174,Not Recommended,285920,26431007,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,doli12313,mi game not vorking
76561198231693296,Not Recommended,285920,24799157,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Crazyman,this game is not working
,Not Recommended,285920,32484221,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr Ranga Boy,I do not recomend very repetitive
76561198365932552,Not Recommended,285920,32829425,Posted: 26 June,all,neatniles22,this might have been my biggest waste of money 20 dollars not well spent
,Not Recommended,285920,33203705,Posted: 3 July,all,KILLY2484,cant complete the intro without dying bc the controls r so♥♥♥♥♥♥3/10
,Not Recommended,285920,28208865,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,FamouslavaVO,Lag everywhere
76561198148810166,Recommended,285920,34537677,Posted: 27 August,all,jacobsgal663,"This game is terrible. whenever i turn it on, it either freezes my mouse and keyboard. if i actually get to play, win or lose, it freezes my whole computer. i would like a full refund."
76561198026986659,Not Recommended,285920,31203544,Posted: 17 April,all,malintenttheheartless,"As of 4/17/17 the game is very poor.  I have enjoyed many alpha / EA games, and still do... but this one is unreasonably unfinished.I would return it but my play time is too high, as I left it paused while looking up solutions for my endless issues trying to extract some fun out of it.if you have played Robocraft and enjoy the single-player test world for your bot where you fight stupid and weak AI, then this is for you... a sandbox openworld version of a corner of Robocraft.  If you rather battle humans controling thier bots, then Robocraft is the better game, by far.  if you prefer single player and robocraft was too competitive, then this is for you.Major issues:no map.  in an open world, a map is a basic requierment.  the minimap has no background and therefore no context... it is just a 'sonar' map of whatever waypoints and enemys it feels like painting.The basic game mechanics of base operation is nonsensical.  the player has no control over how things work, and nothing seems to work as one would expect.  if you try to build something, your refinery changes the ingredients such that the product cannot be made... so stupid and frustrating.  reading patch notes and discussions reveals they took a step backwards by removing player control over how the things you build work.I would have passed on this until full release (or maybe later, how things are going) had I known how broken this was."
76561198164746340,Not Recommended,285920,21739558,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,dave4800,"I love it and I want it.  However, it still has problems.  Please let me know when it's finished.  There are too many bugs to play it as of this posting."
,Not Recommended,285920,24328332,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Bijou,"I couldn't Build my Robot, every minute i got rushed by some dumb AI. And had to restart, it's dumb. Don't buy it unless your looking to put 1-2 hours into trying to build a robot."
,Not Recommended,285920,35235888,Posted: 26 September,all,weedygt,how am i suppose to play this if everything i play takes 2 hours to register? please make the game faster and more playable cause it pains me to pay $20 for something i dont enjoy
,Not Recommended,285920,14420288,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NiggleDiggle,so i bougth the game this week wanted to start playing but i cant play singleplayer cause it isnt reacting when i would like to put the last wheel
76561198106944904,Not Recommended,285920,24398172,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lionoo :D,This game is cheap i lost everything in while losing power
76561198213063980,Recommended,285920,31379909,Posted: 26 April,all,lego_monster,LOVE THIS GAME
76561198366938412,Not Recommended,285920,30622603,Posted: 19 March,all,The_Alpha_Viper,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198277121347,Recommended,285920,31383593,Posted: 26 April,all,bioll,good
76561198253244880,Not Recommended,285920,33336178,Posted: 7 July,all,Krakenandy01,Trash Game Don't Get It.
,Not Recommended,285920,24419248,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,GewdWell,"OK, lets get this straight.This game is bad.Terribly[/]u] bad.I don't even want to play this game because of how hard it is to play in storymode. Half the time you can't kill the smallest person because you cant even turn around. The other hald of the time you are trying to farm to build a good car/mech/whatever to help in this.I annually play this game to see if it has changed. It hasn't. It has gotten worse. There is now a leveling system that is very difficult to level up in. Most of the time after fighting a boss you will get new items. Most are good and you can buy more instantly, but some you cant buy more of. It is annoying to fight a boss and get new items that you can't even buy more of to add to your mech.~There needs to be some sort of AI fix where they don't always aim for your back.Most of the time the fast, small mechs will circle you while your guns do nothing. The only time where you can even remotly kill them is if they mess up due to terrain.The only upside to this is that when big mechs try to go for your back, they are usually extremly slow and can be controlled with the terrain.~There also needs to be a way to stop other mechs from spawning beside your base in a long radius or have a ""building mode"" or a ""hosue"" that no other mechs can get into and shoot into.Whenever i go to my base as a safe haven, I always get killed while building another mech. There is no way to really combat other mechs made by other people if they can kill you in seconds as the stock mech.~The game is unlikeable especially when the game decides to spawn big enemies in.Lets say that you had a good mech that you lost and spentallof the money you had on it and it got destroyed. You now have no money to spend to get any more parts and it is now almost impossible to get more parts by killing other mechs to build yours.The game overall needs to be fixed. I know it is still in beta but it really feels like a full game.~I don't recomend this game unless if you are extremely deticated to constantly doing the same cycle over and over and over again.~"
76561198289018428,Not Recommended,285920,23032842,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,kiwi,So laggy :(
76561198229734500,Not Recommended,285920,33866468,Posted: 28 July,all,jackelope4,broke steam for me
76561198171549069,Not Recommended,285920,26066618,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,Dont Buy This Game. If you do you may have wasted ur money. This game gets borring verry fast. WASTE OF MONEY.
76561197966203934,Not Recommended,285920,33119776,Posted: 2 July,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Sucks so far.once you lost your repair bubble your screwed , you can build a new vehicle again and agin all the time."
76561197990168927,Not Recommended,285920,19481597,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kreeg,Don't purchase the game or the DLC. They started piecing out the DLC incentives for free. Thank you Payload Studios for devaluing my purchase.What incentive do we have to purchase future DLC if a few months later they decide to chop it up and start giving it away for free. There is none.Another shining example of why you should stay away from early access.Edit:  Harsh criticisim can be difficult to swallow and the Dev spam cometh. I am now receiving emails with threats of being banned from the forums because of it.Due to the threats from the devs and the fanboys that follow them I have taken the liberty of keeping track of the amount of their posts I am deleting.Deleted Dev & Fanboy Spam TrackerJamie Finch: 50+ Too numerous to keep track anymore. This dev spams a few times a week and will sometimes spam multiple times in one day. Considering this review is not even two months old she apparently gets paid to spam my review or has nothing better to do while sitting in her cubical.TattooKitty/KattStrike/CopyKatt: 3 She seems to prefer to come in immediately after a different dev has posted and so far she has only copy and pasted what the previous dev replied with.Butthurt Fanboys: 5 Every game has them.Saiwunand and another dev or two have replied a couple times as well but their name escapes me.
,Not Recommended,285920,23534637,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Camerz,it is hard to play.
76561198046471338,Not Recommended,285920,25880212,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Wang Chunn,"crashes. bugs out and cant complete missions. do not buy. after i gave the game a bad review, the developer of terra tech bothered me with comments and asked for personal information. i think he tired to DDOS me or something. im really scared and now a person with a steam level 0 is talking to me and complaining about my refund of the game. probably a developer bot trying to get me to rebuy the game. but it sucks and i wont. i really regret my purchase of this game and now i dont feel safe in my own home. the walls are closing in. oh god. please grant me the sweet release of death. i cant take this anymore. They also touched me on my prenis and my erektion lasted longer than 4 hours"
76561198027520545,Not Recommended,285920,34410664,Posted: 22 August,all,ravenhawk424,THE GAME KEEPS FREZZING UP ON STRICKING OUT MISSION EVERY TIMENOT 10 min in the game
76561198271859627,Not Recommended,285920,24417804,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,jlrsar99,your game was asome untile one day day it would not lode like its stuck at the loding sceern
76561198331741584,Not Recommended,285920,29073541,Posted: 6 January,all,Ncprison,your better of getting robocraft its free but does havegay payed dlc
,Not Recommended,285920,33677100,Posted: 20 July,all,bosserino9000,I had bought this game during june only to realise it didn't work i sent a email to the creators and they say they don't know what im talking about and now i think its about time i get a refund for this game because it can't fuction for me and idk why because they expect me to know everything about my pc.
76561198189426289,Not Recommended,285920,25698957,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,acoheny,peaple with mac cannot accses payload terminal!!!!!!!!!
76561198240745300,Not Recommended,285920,23513978,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,MasterAndrew101,There is no point to the game just upgrade your tank or car and shoot robots i cant even do one of the beggining quest because its glitched i just dont see how its enjoyable. Many people seem to like it beacause of the graphics and i have a pretty good computer and i still need to turn the graphics low. Wouldent even download for free if i knew it was this bad.2/10
76561198042404607,Not Recommended,285920,27738130,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cwaller8546,the  NEW      UDAET    MEST   ME   UP!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198139789031,Not Recommended,285920,32653295,Posted: 22 June,all,BrokkoliiMage,Would not reccomend. Very boring in my opinion.
76561198215282251,Not Recommended,285920,32005664,Posted: 27 May,all,AP155MM,This game was good at first... then after i didn't use it for a month it just would not finish loading i met all the requierments so yea boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
76561198330547665,Not Recommended,285920,25578561,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Brogaming 499,For most gaming devices it only works on Alienware the game is fun but the loading screen music is annoying
76561198223368896,Recommended,285920,24894601,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,FREEDEN789,its boring
76561198212891057,Not Recommended,285920,28711635,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,gollum822,Not Very Fun
76561198259281466,Not Recommended,285920,24373542,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Cole_P5,this game is so stupid i gave it a second chance made it to the trading station there is a troll there its to hard to defeaft!!!!!!
76561198353811337,Not Recommended,285920,31025690,Posted: 8 April,all,GigaRekter,it keeps crashing no matter what i doif anyone can help plz reply
76561198160117603,Not Recommended,285920,23837707,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,buddertko,The game has trouble updateing and is not worth the money
,Not Recommended,285920,28674730,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Barry B Benson | trade.tf,"This game is very laggy. I mean, I know that its a new game. But thjeres no excuse for this game. I paid $14 dollars for it and I cnt even get a refund. DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,285920,24934388,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yousef,i hate this GAME
76561198252484386,Not Recommended,285920,29806085,Posted: 9 February,all,mushmushman,no
,Not Recommended,285920,28756600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Missile500,"I did not like this game at all, for those of you that know about w-m1'ing in tf2 as pyro, well this is w-space for fighting, if you could control the guns then it would be 10 times better.waste of £15 if you ask mealso, after playing 19 hrs of this game, thats 19 hrs of my life i will never get back.P.S: at the current state of the game I would not pay £15, i would only pay £5 at most"
76561198233569424,Not Recommended,285920,29078779,Posted: 6 January,all,brownbuyer,"great game, but not the best. waste of time and money. (rating:7 out of 10)"
76561198197804271,Recommended,285920,23000128,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jhdrake4,░░░░░░░░░░░ ▄▐░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░ ▐ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° '▌░░░▀█▄░░░░░▐███▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ U HAVE BEEN BANGED BY THE▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀███▀██▀██▀██▀░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄SPOOKY BOOTY BANGER░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐▌POST THIS ON 6 STEAM PAGES OR GET DIAGNOSED AS HIV-POSITIVE!!!░░░░░░░░░░░░ ▄▐
76561198263550851,Not Recommended,285920,23154689,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Archiea06,this game is like my dead nana its pure aids
76561198288277864,Not Recommended,285920,32049671,Posted: 29 May,all,mr.ashleyfuselier,You can't play terra tech on mac because you can't right click.
76561198268606285,Not Recommended,285920,23806923,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,StarFighter88,not that fun. looks more fun on youtube
,Not Recommended,285920,32260681,Posted: 7 June,all,agarciaappriver,i dont think you should get this game it is boaring
76561198104941667,Not Recommended,285920,24405903,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ghostspartan25,This game is stupid
,Not Recommended,285920,32636197,Posted: 22 June,all,PizzaCat,"This game is great, but it isn't my type so that is why i gave it a thumbs down aswell as it is quite repetetive (From when i played it).So if you are a person that likes to create robots and kill other robots and become the strongest, then go ahead and play!Rating: 5/10"
,Not Recommended,285920,32919146,Posted: 28 June,all,Billeh Crystal,"Close, but no cigar."
76561198259935664,Not Recommended,285920,23831303,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,theflash68,this game sucks... no much lag
76561198296217705,Not Recommended,285920,34722834,Posted: 3 September,all,Watuppeepsles,RIP OFF!!!
76561198411853835,Not Recommended,285920,34329358,Posted: 18 August,all,armantheone500,if u dont have a grahpics card it wont work u also need 4 gigs from ram
76561198031576433,Not Recommended,285920,25910538,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Joshesic,terra tech is awful u should not buy this its sooooo repetive my rating is pooop please dont hate its my opinion but still dont buy u should buy overwatch 10/10 would play overwatch again 10/10 never spend 15 quid on terratech
76561198209870789,Not Recommended,285920,25430268,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SunSorcerer,BAD
76561198259228193,Not Recommended,285920,23840622,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pfxmackey,i hate it
76561198131542717,Not Recommended,285920,23729365,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,stegosaurus... csgolive.com,the grafics suck
,Not Recommended,285920,31386502,Posted: 26 April,all,ReLic,meh
,Recommended,285920,30399082,Posted: 8 March,all,schultz66,great game but is hard invaders and to many techs
76561198318790779,Recommended,285920,29046888,Posted: 5 January,all,Marnold7rr,This is the best game that I have ever played and I know that I said that it was not running good on my computer the first time I installed it but I am pretty sure that it was because I had just gotten my computer at that time. Now I have reinstalled it and it runs beatifully. This game is very fun and I hope that people enjoy it.
76561198119691656,Recommended,285920,30430868,Posted: 10 March,all,Obsidian-Rex,"Ok, i dont know if this is a game glitch or somthing but i used to find ventures in the dunes/desert and now i cant find them at all! were they removed or somthing? please answer to this if you know how to help"
,Recommended,285920,30423422,Posted: 10 March,all,Deves,I enjoy terratech alot :)
76561198257841074,Recommended,285920,21585699,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kuba520000,IT'S AWSOME!!!!!!!! (thats all i have to say)
76561198367414052,Recommended,285920,30402502,Posted: 8 March,all,ThisIsn'tMyName,"TerraTech is the best game I've found on steam so far! Thankyou SO much Payload Studios for giving all the TerraTech junkies out there this wonderful, and truly beautiful game!"
76561198152723693,Recommended,285920,30400676,Posted: 8 March,all,thomdionqwe,"Ive played enough of this game to tell everyone that, this a  good game but it is a mini bit lagy. A part of that, its a cool game! Ive discovered a typo, in crafting buiseness 3, with crafty mike, it says fibrewood. i dont know if its a typo or not."
76561198295854202,Recommended,285920,30474491,Posted: 12 March,all,ccbailey61,"I might be my computer, but I have lag ALOT.If you have a better computer, and even if you don't, it's a really fun game with being able to build an army, create all different techs, and fight against other techs."
76561198121139581,Recommended,285920,19197783,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mr.Pibb,"Great concept, good start, lots and lots of room for improvement."
76561198160902352,Recommended,285920,18917892,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,anthony.sims,"Gameplay is excellent.Bug fixes in Nov 2015 have made things much more stableI wrote this before...Bugs are just too frequent. So often i have been making real progress, only to get an internal error and have to force quit.Despite force quitting each time, after a couple of hours of game play, it becomes too much.I've restarted with a different ""seed"" to try an get a more stable experience... but bugs just prevent getting to even the mid stage of the game.Early access feels a little too generous."
76561198144774453,Recommended,285920,19166956,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,derp_a_fish,fun
76561198108736902,Not Recommended,285920,17929377,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,118ice's dysfunctional empire,I spent £15 on a logo and a loading screen
,Recommended,285920,19258160,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Alpha-X01,"i like this game and all the elements, but it could use some help like no more crashing and the lvl up system must go up higher"
76561198219532085,Recommended,285920,19267530,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Spiffytiger,"When I was at the trading terminal  I accedentelly sold an invisible block called ""trading terminal"" and then it did not let me buy any parts. Overall it is a great game."
,Recommended,285920,18974783,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Roboman5e15YT,but i found a bug that i like when starting seed EtheralPlaine breaks the game so much its funny
76561198253902626,Recommended,285920,18997501,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,InspectorHector,"Very great game, as you know that it's still in development, it's a lot like a full game, but I would like to see it more like survival instead of a sandbox you have to scavenge parts"
,Recommended,285920,17863435,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Madave96,"9 out of 10Great game. Very nice art style, lovely soundtrack, intuitive controls and building mechanics and really good progression. You start off with a tiny little vehicle (or Tech) and you smash up other techs to get more parts and possibly new parts. There is also a crafting system to create bits and bobs. Exploration is quite a big part of the game because this is how you find different resources for crafting and there are different bioms/environments around the world that have different techs driving around with new parts.This game is already great and there's still loads to come. Highly recommended."
76561198088758542,Recommended,285920,17837258,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,VictorBlue,good
,Recommended,285920,17819850,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dr. Turtle,"This is a great game, I would highly reccommend this game to anyone who is debating on buying and everyone elce. I enjoy the sandbox type of gameplay. But however, this is currently an early access game with many bugs and isn't finished.But overall... This is a great game and you should buy it."
,Recommended,285920,17756218,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,kamil_boy hellcase.com,"This Game Is really awesome!!the way that you can build your own car is pretty spectacular.and when i saw you can make money and buy parts the game became 10 times cooler.maby the ai from the bots are crappy and they are not really challanging.but that will be fixed in the future, i know this beques eveytime the game is in the make they livestream and pick out comments from users.even though the game isnt finish it looks already really coolthats a thing that i really like that they stream while building the game.and if your intrested in buying this game i recomend buying the dlc pack with it it has really nice features and such.If i need to describe the game in 1 phrase it will be: ""a fun, well designed game"".Kamil_boy"
,Recommended,285920,17508207,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ItzJunbing,this game should be $9.99
76561198023144169,Recommended,285920,17508214,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,loganboguski,"I swear this is the best indie game if not the best game I've ever played!! I love it beyond all of my other games, Although it does have a few flaws.. one thing i would like added/fixed is that my base icon is blue and so is everyother base icon, I cant tell the difference between my base and my enemys base and same thing with my techs could you make my base's color like green and my techs like purple that'd be GREAT, and one last thing MULTIPLAYER!!! Seriously a multipayer mode would shoot this already amazing game threw the roof. I really want to start playing with my friends and maybe start a clan/faction!! }:) We'd take over the WORLD MWHAHAHHAHAHA!! But seriously have a great day:)"
,Recommended,285920,17512462,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SeaSerpent423,good game but is early access game so has buggs but it is fun try the demo if u like it buy it if u do but think it is over priced then whate.
76561198132509948,Recommended,285920,17519463,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Chimichanga,"I am just amazed by TerraTech. It's just beautiful. The graphics are nice, and I love the shading. It's addictive, fun, and just simply outstanding. I can't even begin to imagine how they came up with an idea like this. You know what my favorite part is? Absolutely shooting robot faces off then looting their body to become a gigantic sumo. I don't care if you hate it. I will keep playing this sexy piece of art until I die.or i somehow get bored of it(which is never gonna happen)"
,Recommended,285920,17916618,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SpaceZucchini,FUN
76561198242035272,Recommended,285920,17922600,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,krekhi,"I do reccomend this game but it is extremely laggy, but I only have 4GB of RAM so that is probably why, otherwise it is a great game."
,Recommended,285920,17900590,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tejay,um i found a bug with the payload terminal it will not let me buy stuff my money goes down and then back up to where it was before and dose not give me anything
,Recommended,285920,17927807,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,FluffyBear02,This is probably the best game (maybe 2nd or 3rd) i have ever payed
76561198129868138,Recommended,285920,17919998,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ThatGuy,very laggy
,Recommended,285920,17902836,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,--[KotSO]--Syberpuff_Satin_Satan,"Lots of fun, Open world game with lots of things to do."
,Recommended,285920,17936503,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lanigav,Clever game with loads of replay value and room for creative builds.  Game will have unbelievable potential with multiplayer and modding.
,Recommended,285920,17911706,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lindqvist,i cant get twitter to work if antone could help me i would love it 8/10
76561198109810204,Recommended,285920,17489322,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Incredible Wolfy,"its a really awsome gameits like minecrafted based: just durping around getting betterthe diffrence between: its whit robots and epic battels and its really hard.making a base is not always the best option, also i dont like all the hills and stuff whare u 90% of the time spawns but after all of that its not hard to understand.For the delevopers:here are some surgestions i would like to see.Make convayers Filterbel (like in and out put) most of the time when i make a automated selling orsed stuff XD it has a chance of going back to the convayer and that messes it up make a thing so thay can't get sold so u have to do it by hand anyway but if u fix that u can have a really large ''storge on ur robot and makes it more fun to farm and u get faster expensive stuff''Rate of enemy: erly game it has to go down a bit my large base i built i got on the bigining was under attack 80% of the time i moves it more times it costed me a lot of time to get $ it will make itr more fun.well this my reviewsorry for my english its not the best i hope it was usefull i relaly like the game even whit the few buggs and dow side dont let that get that in the way and i will score this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,285920,18094759,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,divided by 0,the only problem is the twitter doesn't work for me it just crashes
76561198214101389,Not Recommended,285920,17975218,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,babymerv,we can not get past the opening screen to play the game.  It is on the home opening screen for an extended period and cannot go past - is this right?  How do we play?
76561198242698794,Recommended,285920,17638500,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,cyrl2002,i love this game i think its really fun! :D
,Recommended,285920,17356486,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,hareppas,awseome and fun!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,285920,17356506,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,TheEvan.,If You have a little more than minium DO NOT BUY it lags to crap
,Recommended,285920,17323642,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ajerickson107,this game is awesome once you are good at it you will love the game its one of my favorate games ever the only thing i dont like is the cpu allies are not the smartest but one or two of them is fine please fix the alley cpus in groups
,Recommended,285920,17364488,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kirko,why put the R and D pack in the trial? i thought it was part of the full game but no and now i spent all my money on the actulal game and dont have any money left for the R and D pack witch was probally 65% of why i wanted the game to create stuff and test its limits and i cant do that if people keep on killing me and it takes me 9 hours to find the part i needed. and thats onl one part.i recemend the game if u have £20.
,Recommended,285920,17366679,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,actual shit,"100% recomended. but its a tad bit soul crushing when the giant machine you build gets destroyed and you start all over. also, when you cant purchase some of the pieces you collect in the dessert. someone tell me how to craft a two slot fabriccator cause ive tried everything. i love this game, its way worth the $20."
,Recommended,285920,17369054,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,NortyNorris,"a great game just love it. plz add cheats or allow mods later on, i cant look at all the game i ether get attaked and lose fabricator or money cannon if i lose the cannon i have to restart if i lose shop i also restart. i want to go see the game but im unable."
76561198180409398,Recommended,285920,17373246,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DJmac78,the game is fun but i wish they would add a creative mode were every thing is unlocked and free were you can just biled what you want and test it and not have to go and disscover and buy all the parts you need.als oi think the price is a little high for wha tthe game has to offer imean 20$ for the game alone not to menchen the DLC which is another 10$. Other then that the game is very fun and i higly recammend it if you have the money.
76561198134351872,Recommended,285920,17378586,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,GoforPro49,This Game is the BEST Strategy/Free Roam game Ever! Totally reccomend playing!
76561198241245226,Recommended,285920,17481747,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Redson9098,Very good game. I recomend it.
76561198142525420,Recommended,285920,17481939,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Colbot567,One of the best games I have EVER PLAYED! Awesome game and totally worth it!
76561198035398300,Recommended,285920,17487326,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,D1FF1CULT,"I love the game but there are so many difficulties with just the start. The NPC's are really hard first of and whilst build/reconstructing you're bot, you can be attacked, totaly annoying you as you rush to grab guns to attach to you're self.Also some ideas;whilst using the construct self menu ""B"" (the upright button) could you make the game pause and or make a raidus around you're base/solar panel so you can do what needs to be done.Also maybe a button in the store to buy what you have lost in battles (repair button)I recommend this game to people, as this is only alpha it will get better and the game play will get more smothed as it progresses.Thanks for reading. ♥"
76561198124050791,Recommended,285920,17465044,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,zezar,This is a very fun game to play its a bit glitchy but i like it
76561198013991967,Recommended,285920,17467188,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The Honorable Judge: The Worm,"Capitolism the game: create an empire of mindless unquestioning drones to do your bidding, destroy the untouched environment and harvest its riches, create wepons of mass distruction to ""defend"" your investments, use your ""defence"" wepons to crush oponents buisnesses and livelyhoods and loot their remains, and monopolize whole sections of a planet through a bloody crusade of destrucion all in the name of profit and ever expanding entrapenuership. Because when money is at stake, who wouldn't murder their neighbors and harvest their organs.6/66 would take over Communism the game anyday."
76561198157382167,Recommended,285920,17467242,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Battleslinger,Good but BadGood because it has a fantastic idea that makes the game creative and just plain stragetyThe Bad part is that in the normal play mode it needs to have a pause building mode or make a smaller chance to spawn or when you are making stuff or you have to worry about getting instantly killed by things because your vechile cant move or shoot maybe both becauseyour going from sratchOverall I would recommend this game if you have a planning before type of head
76561198159719954,Recommended,285920,17468946,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,CaptainTim,I like the freedom this game offers though i do find the controls a bit fidly i enjoyed taking to the sky for the first time and think its an awsome mechanic that theve added to the game :)
76561198208568459,Not Recommended,285920,17467944,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,333Butters333,I love this game but it is to laggy. i can't do anything in the game because it has a 5 second delay. if you like laggy game this is the game for you.
,Recommended,285920,17476798,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Exo_Paragon,"Got this game because i saw SSundee playing it. Everything about this game is great. Building, Destroying, Looking for resources and EXPLOSIONS. If your looking for a free roam and better version of ROBOCraft, then this game is for you!Just wish the game was a little better optimized. I drop to around 10 FPS when moving with and AMD A8-6410 Prossesor, 8GB of ram and integrated graphics.I get a steady 60 FPS in all other games at all times"
76561198065293222,Recommended,285920,16579990,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Davewatsit97,"Fun, open world, difficult and creative"
76561198211803509,Not Recommended,285920,17478569,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,aidenmetcalfe,i downloaded the game but it just says this is an early accress game and does let me play anything i paid for the delluxe pacage when will he be able to start playing the game?
,Recommended,285920,17995855,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,✪ red,"NOTE: TerraTech is currently in BETA Testing.TerraTechAs you start/load up a new world, you start as a small universal robot. The goal of the game is to destroy other robots either offline or (soon coming up) online. You can then take parts from other and become the biggest robot in your world.And be sure to always protect your Central. If someone shoots that, it explodes and you loose."
,Recommended,285920,18433023,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,l0keman,Game is so very playable! It's no longer way too hard. You can actually play what you paid for now. It's very fun and seems very fair. The update are absolutely wonderful!
,Recommended,285920,20898330,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Vincent OpenSkins.com,Funny game
,Recommended,285920,20962518,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SoS MiDNiTE,this game is really creative but please payload studios please add a save machanic to TeraTech. I keep geting destroyed and have to make a new world because they allways destroy my stuff. please?...
76561198274428430,Recommended,285920,20959300,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Inventerman Gaming,best game I've ever played no money wasted
76561198209508655,Recommended,285920,20961884,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,michael.l.finlay,"One word summary, Awsume"
76561198139416337,Recommended,285920,20981718,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Blackops2777,This Is a awesome game and you dont need a awesome computer to run it ethier
76561198200857937,Recommended,285920,21155498,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Malgus,"Bought this a few months back and I have to say, it holds up.If you liked Legos as a kid, you'll love this game.Want to build Fort Epic or Castle Greyskull?   Think it up and build it - you are only limited by your own imagination.Need a part or widget to make Fort Awesome all but impenetrable?   Make it yourself.  Or build a giant death machine, blow away some rivals and take their stuff.   Make little minions (or big minions, if you want) to do your bidding, gather resources and make you money while you're off wrecking stuff.   Build an airplane and recon new areas safely by air.  Don't want to build one?  Then steal one.Shields and batteries - the more the better.  And guns.  More guns.  Bigger guns.  LOTS of guns.  ALL the guns that ever were...The Devs do a fine job dishing out the updates and fixing bugs.  And there are some bugs, but then, it's still early access.  Still very playable as it is.Overall 9.0/10."
76561198105315202,Recommended,285920,21037416,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Spoon Bender,"You Feel Your Gunna Have A Good Time. It's so worth the 20-13 dollars, it's laggy though, But they add so much content! so there's unlimited gameplay!"
,Recommended,285920,21158857,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shipwreckhunter,It is an ok game but it lags a bit on my computer I hope they can fix that because it is a fun game
,Recommended,285920,21144776,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,JaxxDynasty,"I absolutely love this game, can't wait for more features to be added. If you love building, exploring and attacking random things then I recommend that you give this game some serious thought."
,Recommended,285920,21122949,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[0BC]LolMartSecurity,One of my top 5 favorite games! You start from something little then you turn into a Ginormous behemoth .Worth playing and buying R&D Pack! And you have freedom in a random world to do literally anything you want
76561198165815624,Recommended,285920,19972732,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ZakSFC,IT WONT RUN THE GAME ON WINDOWS 10
76561198171007221,Recommended,285920,18744112,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,hayguyman,not worth the money. but its to early to say it is a bad or good game
76561198160865476,Recommended,285920,19164951,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Emperor of the Oats,I love the changes to busy playing to elaborate!!!
76561198169193692,Recommended,285920,20700855,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[UK] Naneon,"I love this game, it is brilliant open world awesomness but the problem is we should be able to skip the early access screen"
76561198170907642,Recommended,285920,20817019,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FIREHAWK,it good its fun yaaaaaay
,Recommended,285920,20707420,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MInecrafter2009 CSGOFade.Net,"This game needs some more work with all the flying vehicles and invaders, but all in all, his game is good"
76561198142703020,Recommended,285920,20794963,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Wildcase.com ERROR405 635,this game is awsoe as heck keep up updatesp.s how do you get oozee machine gun
,Recommended,285920,20795394,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Spiky_dude,Send help i cant stop
,Recommended,285920,18452023,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,olsen_t,Some minor bugs but is great early access game.
76561198200905570,Recommended,285920,18237692,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,tuk,this game is good but for mac u need to buy a mouse cuz most of mac laptops dont have mouses and it lags sometimes and takes time to master driving but the game is good and i think you should download it its really addicting and awsome for multiple reason you can actually fly mine drive sell gain money attack and alot more it increases your creativity
76561198045864601,Recommended,285920,14378411,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Callsign Crim,"( I have changed my review due to recent patches and updates)I will be reviewing the game and adding more information about the current state of the game, At this current time I can recommend the game in its current state."
,Recommended,285920,18276699,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rare Cow,This is a great game to do in your spare time. Still a little buggy but worth the money as updates are constantly rolling in and making the game even better!
76561198114769216,Recommended,285920,18240236,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,lotw_1,"So far this is one of my Favorate early access titles.  Build your little or big bots, battle, link to twitter to get other peoples bots in your game (no online, yet), explore, craft, make money, etc..."
,Recommended,285920,18242423,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,legomatt75,it is cool :)
,Recommended,285920,18255020,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mephistopheles,"This game is amazing. there are some glitches since this game is very new, but for what we have now, its sweet. i hope they add a lot more blocks and enemies in the future"
,Recommended,285920,18249095,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ninja Slayer™,needs multiplayer
76561198116564153,Recommended,285920,18244912,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,lil Skrrrrrt Bop,This game is amazing although there are a few bugs. This is probably cause it's early access though😀😀😀😍😍😍
76561198207832903,Recommended,285920,18187714,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Grim,this game is very lagy and buggy and it crashes alwell i would like u guys to fix this plz
,Recommended,285920,18190705,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CaptainAmerica9403,y is it now leting me play terra tech
76561198060269428,Recommended,285920,18241971,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Herky1201,"Extremely fun to play, every time i log in, i know what im going to try to do. does it always happen... No, because you never know what you will run into. it seems that when i get my tech bigger, the enemies get even bigger than me. making me change my tactics constantly. extremely well done, and hopefully keeps going in the right direction."
,Recommended,285920,18108823,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,PotatoPower,This game is great. its not too hard or not to easy it is a little challenging but not much that you are going to rage walk out of the room. I recommend getting the DLC because it is really fun with the new block you can get. The game is laggy at times which might mess you up BUT it is in Early Access. I reccommend this game for you to play because it is good when you have some spare time or your bored
76561198249614650,Recommended,285920,18097813,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Meemskrublurd,Extremly fun and chalengeing for everyone
,Recommended,285920,18097095,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ragnar,"Awesome, awesome little game that's going to just keep getting better. Highly recommended, but watch out for slight difficulty curves here and there."
,Recommended,285920,18097241,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,poisiones,its a good game
76561198000651132,Recommended,285920,18102081,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,marcus,"Even though it's still in development, this is a great game.  Endless hours of fun!"
76561198135488852,Recommended,285920,18321030,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dumb Idiot,"Needs a lot of work and needs to fix a lot of problems with random crashes and errors to important files. Pretty fun, but re-building is a pain ontop of an unavoidable invasion EVERY SINGLE DAY. Bosses are balanced and so are enemies, just way to often youre invaded. Also a better way to cycle through techs. Has a lot of potential to be friggen awsome. I liked it, but needs work on some things.*yes I know this game is still in testing"
76561198127848889,Recommended,285920,18319819,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Tiberius9269,Game is awesome. i love startup game makers. they make some of the best games i have ever played. this has a lego rc adventure feel to me. i highly reccomend this game.
76561198174254118,Recommended,285920,17775745,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,eastwestmetabolism,Yes.Just yes.\o/l/ \
,Recommended,285920,30517152,Posted: 14 March,all,GarfieldKitty,It is a GREAT game 8.5/10. At first it's a little slow but it gets better a bit further in but otherwise I have not found anything bad about the game yet but still id TOTTALY recomend this game.
76561198198448957,Recommended,285920,18201564,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Thunderlord,an AWESOME game!!
76561198141839375,Recommended,285920,18148393,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,PURR,the first time i played it copple weeks ago on a erly vertion it had a payload block u can buy stuf from it but in the new vertion they added the tradeing station witch is the same thing but♥♥♥♥♥♥cus the old block is gone so u have to trek long distances to buy stuf and its communil so guys will kill u when u get there and its a masave thing witch rewens the game.btw spelling not my strong point.
,Recommended,285920,18115878,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TiDl Penguinator,"If you do decide to play this game, then my advice is to take the solar generator and repair bubble with you (to save money). This game is very fun and I still play it to date; mainly because I love games with robots :D.3 Main objectives; get money, get big, get strong."
76561198222001372,Not Recommended,285920,18153761,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ardenkwu,at the start the game is a little to hard it took me a couple trys to get trough thiefs by running into other things and in the trading station tutorial part it is hard to kill all the big guys because more comes and comes.Lastle at the start i dint know where every machine was because it was spread out and unable to see the smoke
76561198211673763,Recommended,285920,18151784,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TheHiveChicken,I like the game but a lot of the time the game glitches during the tutorial and makes it so I can't progress any farther.
,Recommended,285920,18110804,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,InspiratioNation,"This Game is very addicting and progressive. Godd game for anyone who likes minecaft, fighting and building. Just a few downsides like twitch needed for more content, you need to buy the R&D addon, can't change night to day and there is no peacful mode. :( But overall a very fun game indeed."
,Recommended,285920,18154767,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,nut,SOOOO COOOOLL L!!@#!#!@#!@#
,Not Recommended,285920,18150433,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DixieFire.,It would be an amazing game. But the files always become corrupted for me. If your going to buy it then you should wait until this becomes fixed.
76561198168239777,Recommended,285920,17258908,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Nateck,this game is awsome now i love it
,Recommended,285920,18158238,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,module revision,"Fun game.But can you tall me,why me can't buy the 'delivery cannon'!!!!!!!"
76561197997747383,Recommended,285920,18181412,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lorderu,"Fun and all, But needs to change.. Specially the random encounter! You can get attacked by a random bot in the middle of building your own, and he can and will wreck you and your base forcing you to restart/rebuild from almoust nothing."
,Recommended,285920,18178157,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Flying Cumcopter csgoroll.com,I want to know. Will this game have multiplayer soon? Btw love the game.
76561198064852230,Recommended,285920,18178254,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,chris,can't wait for multiplayer
76561198238048076,Recommended,285920,18179540,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,laerabrett15,need to fix the trading thing i cant play beacae of this
76561198215207465,Recommended,285920,18193949,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CrazaBoi,love it
76561198212174136,Recommended,285920,18206948,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TheGeckoGamer,love it want ships report finished!
,Recommended,285920,18196728,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Scornado_YT,"One of the best games i have ever played :) Search for parts, earn money, become stronger, do quests that are part of the story, battle bosses and enemies. What more could you ask for? One of the best games considering its in early access"
76561198148952160,Recommended,285920,18190316,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Smash Playz,"This game is awesome but needs many fixes. I do recommend this game for everyone.Please Fix- TOO MUCH LAG (even with a good pc)- over night in the game, it gets boring and if it was shorter I would be happier- I kinda hate the concept of having to level up because if you played for hours, you would only get 2 or more levels :(- Way to many trees :PPlease add- more blocks (mostly the plane blocks)- Boats and seas- Structures to explore and maybe secured by techs- More weaponsThis is overall a good game but I would be happy to see atleast 1 change from my list going to happen. I mostly want leveling up to be faster and night to be faster but good job on the game!"
,Recommended,285920,18531377,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MRTis,Love the game but only two problems-My game save data crashed-Has few bugsRate for beta version: 8/10
76561198168977168,Recommended,285920,18485447,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mako Bunki,"The game itsellf is great fun, I played it for three hours straight.But heres what i like about it, and what i didn't like about it.+The style of the game+ The concept of the game, and gameplay+ the background music-Once u get into it and have a bigger/better vehicle u lag like crazy-random lag frames drop outtah nowhere to 3fps.(this might be just me but the handeling is quite hard) Anyhow, I highly recommend this game. It's like playing with Legos :)"
,Recommended,285920,18510416,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TheNeedyMan,Good for all around gameplay. Great for getting to happy.
76561198160193507,Recommended,285920,18525372,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zoidberg (가장 좋은 랍스),"An amazing game, i really recommend it!"
76561198189910375,Recommended,285920,18526461,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,theonewhoknowsit,i love the game but the fing invations need to stop all together i keep getting killed to no blocks also the buddy guy is hard to place blocks on also he move too much when you try to gear him
,Recommended,285920,18472013,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,simplygaming7,"Great game but will lag a bit even with recommended specs, but love the game played it loads and the idea is great just a bit more features and optimisations and it would be really good, also missions would be sweet but it dont have this atm."
76561198184470383,Recommended,285920,18473352,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,FR335TYL3R,If I want to put blocks in my vehicle my mouse is more left than in real but its a great game.
76561198249961592,Recommended,285920,18394771,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MaxPanye08,This Game is very Active on Updates
76561198209431797,Recommended,285920,18515924,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bradzilla32,how do i get the new update
76561198220214913,Recommended,285920,18488288,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Fury1776,I cannot play the game it tells me there is an internal error and im forever stuck on the player name screen.
76561198197920422,Recommended,285920,18507158,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,tarik.jordon,i recommend this game but needs to fix all the corrupt games i get
,Recommended,285920,18559373,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FlightSimBoy,"This is by far one of my current favorite games on the PC. There is also so much potential left as to where the came could go in furture developlent. Exploring a planet, building the best possible tech, and fighting other techs make this game so incredible. Also, the graphics are great for that they are. Only thing I'm hoping for is an option to skip the tutorial, as well as a few more performance enhancements."
,Recommended,285920,18572886,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,viper814,its an awsome game and i know its alpha but the amount of things randomly happing is anoing
,Recommended,285920,18588072,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,생선벼,*randomize
76561198252147268,Recommended,285920,18557784,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rosiefinstad,I Love It I Hate Level Glitch So Annoying Im A Huge Robot Without a selling base or a refinery at grade 2 XD
76561198231013204,Recommended,285920,18556513,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,I am Spon·sor by earn.gg,It is hard
,Recommended,285920,18556811,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mujin,great game watched it on youtube had to get it
76561198165051318,Recommended,285920,18595455,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sonyjon,9999999999999999999999999/10
,Recommended,285920,18604940,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MasterOfBlades[T3S],"I love this game, Its a fun way to let your creative side out. It dose have some small broblems but the game is only in testing.I would defanatly recomend this game."
76561198030052174,Recommended,285920,18166337,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mr. Annihilator,"Despite being a early access game with a lot of room for improvment, it still is absolutly amazing. the number of bugs is very minimal so it bearly feels like early access. the building, while slow,tedious, and could definitly use improvement, offers a ton of control and complete customization with what is offered.  it is a very good base for a game with massive potential, and they have delivered so much already."
76561198164487835,Recommended,285920,18166342,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DatLittleRobot,This game is great especcialy if you like free roam and building. You can build your tech big to demolish your enemies or build your etch small and gang up with your allies. deffinetly reccomend this game. sorry for the bad spelling
76561197966224857,Not Recommended,285920,18165260,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,splicer12,"This game has a lot of potential for an early release. There have been some complaints about Twitter integration, however that is optional. I have played several hours and have never linked my Twitter account to the game. The sandbox aspect of the game is very nicely put together and reasonably intuitive. The ability to make aircraft for in-air dogfights is downright spectacular.Pros: Easy to learn, with the advanced stuff still being complex enough to be entertaining. Nice variation of AI opponents, which scale nicely with your advancement level. Lastly: PLANES!Cons: At this point there is no multiplayer beyond basic sharing of vehicle designs through Twitter. Unless they add some PvP this game will get boring once you've played with most of the pieces. Also, the turning controls are a little counterintuitive, as instead of the realistic turning while backing up (where it switches which direction is which) we have where it turns in the same direction regardless of which direction you're travelling.Would I recommend? At this point unless you want to get involved with the development side of things (feedback on blocks and such) or the game is on sale, I would say wait until there's more content and/or multiplayer. I don't regret buying it, but I doubt I will play much more until the game is better developed. However, the direction development is going leads me to believe that this will be one of the better sandbox games out there once it is finished, and I will update this review when I start playing again."
76561198066577064,Recommended,285920,18192389,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,UnsayingSpy06,this game is great for creations and creativity
76561198249198218,Recommended,285920,18189953,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,desiredportalcam,i clicked this button and  now when i try to open it dose'nt open
,Not Recommended,285920,18303218,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Surt,"Terratech is a game which I have never played the likes of before. That's not to say that they aren't out there, but I've never played something like this before.  It was enjoyable.  I had fun.  However, that hit the wall pretty damn hard after a certain point.You see, the game doesn't ever stop unless you're paused.  Even when you're building your vehicle.  If you find that you need to do some major restructuring, then all it takes is one enemy to completely ruin your day.  This happened many times over the amount of time that I have played, which either says something about me or about the game.  In addition, there is absolutely no concept of taking a breather.  Anything you build is doomed to a slow destruction.  You just got through with a boss?  Invasion on your base before you can repair.  Dealt with that invasion?  Swarm of little guys.  Barely finish them off and in the middle of completely restructuring your tech because of damage?  Missed one that pegs your cab before you can do anything even remotely similar to fighting back.It's a novel concept, and it has a lot of potential.  Think it needs a bit of a break between fights.  Maybe enemy techs leave you alone while the build beam is active, and actively run from you after you finish a boss or an invasion.  Maybe a co-op mode, so someone can at least watch your back while you're doing your thing.  Until then, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,285920,18334421,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AssassinAsian,"It's an extremely fun game. Will entertain you for hours. I know this is in beta, but there are so many bugs. So many bugs. I would recommend this game, probably after it's out of beta. Multiplayer would be nice too. That's about it."
,Recommended,285920,18333878,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JCL Gaming,The system requirements are wrong because it works with my vistaSystem specs:Processor: AMD Athlon(tm) 64 X2 Dual Core Processor 5600+ 2.80GHzMemory(RAM): 4.00 GBSystem type: 64-bit OS
,Recommended,285920,18576638,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,JDExtreme,If you like sandbox games and creating your own vehicles this game is for you. I really like the large variety of blocks that are available and the fact the you can build just about any style of vehicle you want. The game devlopment seems to be progressing well with bug fixes and enhancements showing up in each new release. I have high hopes for this game!
,Recommended,285920,18228221,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Amygeddon,kinda like lego/mechano except your shooting things. absolutley loving this game.
76561198118176857,Recommended,285920,18789011,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,saltlord911 | farmskins.com,"look guys, you may look at this game and go, oh wow look at those negitive ratings, first thats like 1/10 of the people who reviewed (9/10 thumbs up) and second i dont know why people keep going on about it being too buggy, like really iive come a across like real ones and thats pritty good for an early acsess game, oh did i say ITS EARLY ACSESS so really guys, expect bugs but anyway, i REALLy am enjoying this game, its fun, its cool, its unique and its just great, i do have to HIGHLY recomend this game, even for $19.99 its worth it ALL the way, also guys, the devs actually liten to people, like i sent a bug to them and ovenight they fixed it for me, how greaats that. i also like the combat, yer, one minut your doing this thing or chilling and POW your under attack, or POW AN INVASION! ahh... oh yer then i remeber i forgot my whells and diedefenitly do this againand againand againgood times-<HALLOWEEN>-last guys, if the devs are looking at this, please, please,please take off the fricken halloween thing!really i wouldent dis this game aobut it cause its got SOO many plusses but i had to litterally stop playing the game cause i couldent heal up, like really THAT is annoying, healing is one of the core fricken ellemnts dood, take it away and you lookse part of the game, particually the part that lets go actually heal youself, you know, instead of watching as your bot getts killed cause you just went into like 10 battles with no extra healing or fricken shield! AHHH GUYS TAKE IT OFF!10/10Get this gameScrew hatersprobebly worth about $40get ot go pew pew pew blow things up"
76561198129865264,Recommended,285920,18800028,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MrYolo27,great game but lots of bugs they need to fix!
,Recommended,285920,30625158,Posted: 19 March,all,Nox Echo,"this game is amazing, freeroaming, missions, its like robocraft without the bad devs!"
76561198201508662,Recommended,285920,19625650,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,jonny johnson420,Great game no volince boss♥♥♥♥♥trucks pretty much a island where you battle robot cars there's 3 types noobs fast ones and strong ones perfect games for kids
,Recommended,285920,19631400,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Phillip0911,relly good game
,Recommended,285920,19591959,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,LehmannAD,"Good Concept, Rather Addicting gameplay. Worth $28?....... no."
76561198256714908,Recommended,285920,19473813,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,dmitriy.andrienko.05,круто
76561198193175530,Recommended,285920,19622591,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,njtat2dguy,"Fun, exciting and new building type of game. Other then a few bugs here and there (of which those bugs get patched rather quikly) only thing missing would be a local lan server option :-)"
76561198180853189,Recommended,285920,19661019,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Battleboy,i recommend you can build everythings that you WANT!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,285920,19640243,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ThatOneJuicyOrange_,I dont think you should buy this game until there is more to do.
76561198029273669,Recommended,285920,19682425,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CuteGirl4ever1,i love you
,Recommended,285920,21412136,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PrukeLentice,I find it a very fun game.
76561198098121867,Recommended,285920,22051185,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jackmino,"I have experienced a glitch, both with the game and with steam itself. When i bought the game, steam decided that my credit card wouldn't work, but still added it to the steam libary, and thus i can install and play the game. However when i play the game, it goes to the early access infomation screen, and then doesn't to anything. It doesn't crash, it just, sits on that screen. When i move the mouse off and then back on to the screen, the correct mouse pointer flashes on, but then disapears again. None of the keys do anything. Also, because it is already in my steam libary, I can't actually buy it, and it doesn't register the game as bought. However, looking at the other reviews and the screenshots, i recommend the view and looks of this game, which is a bit naive, but i like to be kind... sometimes..."
,Recommended,285920,22033591,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,PH,"This game isn't anywhere near feature complete yet, but it's more than worth your money and time.Most importantly, the game is stable, runs smoothly, and already has a lot to do in it.There is also a great set of tutorial missions that introduce you to the base building and crafting system very well.The game has enough stuff in it as of this date that it's worth playing now. The biggest thing missing, in my opinion, is multiplayer - this game would be amazing with that. Unfortunately it's still on their to-do list as of this writing.It's loads of fun."
76561197965653129,Not Recommended,285920,22238381,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hermann,Got potential but.. looks horrible. runs horrible. even more so after latest patch. gotta learn to steer clear of early access.....
76561198094325943,Recommended,285920,22035635,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nagato Uzumaki,Super adictive
76561198108049964,Recommended,285920,24417990,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,K-DOG,"LOVE THIS GAME, this game is so fun and you just get into it so fast. The one thing i dont like is that you cant have the AI friendlys do anything now, But im sure it will get fixed"
76561198220063765,Not Recommended,285920,20734196,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kea,Kinda limited gameplay after a while. not worth $25
,Recommended,285920,24419272,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Shade,"Very cool game, build your robot from parts of defeated enimies, and build a base. it is open world and worth the money. the only thing they need to add is more parts for flight and private rooms for friends."
76561198143999574,Recommended,285920,30837126,Posted: 30 March,all,jamesbailey99,Spent long time on a save only to find it empty when returning. Very bad bug. Otherwise great game
76561198207031568,Recommended,285920,18314919,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jtmoseley,"5/10 This game used to be good, pretty balanced not that laggy but now not only is it alot harder to get started and quests keep glitching and not registering completion. Beyond that, every 3 days or so the saves keep getting corrupted )Not my computer's fault the other games are fine) and then I fix the saves and re download the game, losing my game saves yet again, and worst of all they won't give me a refund!!! I highly recomend another game called From The Depths if you like sandbox free vehicle building games. But anyway at most a 5/10 at least 3/10. 5/10 is generous.This was my old review, after almost a year, they have actually fixed alot, Im changin this too 7/10 game, there is still lag here and there but the quests work great now, and I am really enjoying playing this again."
,Recommended,285920,24552876,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,minemans7000,"This is a great game! i suggest adding more parts and machines,"
76561198001452833,Recommended,285920,24562562,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Agent185,love the game but hate the  puplic traiding staion
,Recommended,285920,24598796,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,✪Bananas✪,Its an amazing game it was the 2nd game I ever bought :). I bought the R&D texture pack and it was totally worth it. BTW I was the one who reccomended the ocean biome
76561198118881842,Recommended,285920,24604519,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lachy_Numero_1,"It is such an awesome game for Early Access. I reccommend this game because of how you play it, starting with a Tech with 4 wheels, the core block, another block, a gun and drill to so many things. You can become a harvester, fighter, miner, destroyer, mobile station, seller, buyer, and so much more! Please try this out with the Demo version now!"
,Not Recommended,285920,18008409,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,qυαηтα,"This game is a great game up until you start making your tech large, which is really the only option to beat the other large techs. When your tech gets that big, the game just becomes an unplayable slideshow. If the devs cant fix that, then the least they could do is just add larger more damaging weaps, that wont lag out the game so much, and no im not playing on some dinky laptop having these complaints, i have an i5 4460s 970 4gb and 16gb ram, so i far surpass the recomended specs. I simply cant recomend this game to anyone who wants to play the game smoothly."
,Recommended,285920,19045306,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,FRESHxCANADIAN,no comment
,Recommended,285920,24674283,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Enderjed,Brilliant but hard
,Recommended,285920,24661321,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[ScrubMaster]HiMyNameLuke,Adventure like game. Its fun
,Recommended,285920,19536176,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PancakePutin,"[Edited comment]This game has changed alot since I bought it.  The developers have worked on this game constantly, changing and fixing a variety of things in the game.  In the early stages of developement, this game was full of laggy and buggy areas  that made it unplayable(which I should have expected from an early alpha build :P).  Now it no longer lags or crashes.I now recommend this game to anyone and everyone.9.5/10 Would buy again."
76561198129631470,Recommended,285920,23301864,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,M.Y.E.R.S,game styling is great but since the devs have stopped working on it and left it unfixed its garbage. until payload studios fixes the game its not worth paying for. i said the things id seen wrong with the game many times but was ignored. the scu was a cool idea but made the game turn to junk when it was introduced. what ever happened to having to dig through piles of stuff to pick what you take and what you leave behind?....oh thats right you can just bring your scu with you and pick up everything. yet another game ruined by an update that should have never happened. great game that just needs some fixing before its a total write off.I'd like to appologise to jaime and the team for saying they had stopped working on the game as well as the bad review. i like the game and would like to change my recommendation ;).
76561198061591131,Recommended,285920,23966895,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Your sheepy senpai,I LOVE IT horse
76561198273467479,Recommended,285920,23893108,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Smilely51,I love playing it but I had this 1 issue where it would get fuzzy and i couldn't read anything.
76561198147465624,Recommended,285920,23895683,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Trix Are For Kids,Worth the money.
,Not Recommended,285920,23917768,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spock610,I think the game itself is awesome but it has a really short campain and needs more missions
76561197997562861,Recommended,285920,23934688,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ATotallyNormalPerson,I love the game and everything it has to offer but grade level 4 has been bugging me. when are we gonna be able to level up? currently everyone is stuck at that level building up there bot and when grade level for comes there gonna rekt it. so i recommend to hurry that up before people op like me and lots of others are able to REKT IT. just saying and love the game. Keep it up
,Recommended,285920,17686625,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MiniJ147,AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
76561198070969864,Recommended,285920,17687112,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Splash103,Ahh so lets start of with what I liked I like the game it's self nah infact I like everything I like how you can build whats on your mind and be creative even thoe theres like a few missons to complete when playing the game your still improveing and getting better stuff do I reccomend this game yes! But what I hate is the lag I have changed from computer to computer trying to find which one could run faster I bought even a alienware and the lag won't stop I dont know what to do I just play laggy as the game starts I lag It even takes a while for the screen to load it's just black for like a min. But out of all I still find this game fun even thoe it is very laggy for me.
76561198209870525,Recommended,285920,17687701,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dragon11551,Love the game
76561198113607665,Recommended,285920,17694219,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,yousif,i love this game it lags a bit in 32-bit but its very fun
76561198094639001,Recommended,285920,17745927,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Shenddady,loving every min of this game lots of fun and hidhly segested
76561198133979375,Recommended,285920,17726442,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,blipzero,ever wished you could play a game were you can build any thing and play in a sandbox like a kid once more ? do you have a fun side that just like to sit down and think how would i make this ...... well this game is for you build any thing fight to get parts to upgrade you craft and blow away the others. you will not be sadden you got this game
76561198125388737,Recommended,285920,17733885,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,The Arbiter,I like it so much i was happy BIG TIME! and sometimes when i tell my allies to harvest it lags my game can you fix this i'm just asking
,Recommended,285920,17448817,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,oochmagooch,the game is awesome $20.00 is a steep pricethough it does crash and doesnt let me play my world again
,Not Recommended,285920,17450366,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Frodo My Baggins,"I got 20 dollars for my birthday spent it on this game, I want my 20 dollars back."
,Recommended,285920,17601388,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Xegima,add multiplayer or coop 9/10 would give 10/10 but no multiplayer or coop
,Recommended,285920,17605647,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,James,HEY you like minecraft wana build minecraft as cars you will love this game its minecracft sy-fi  and explorationTRUST ME YOU WILL LIKE THIS GAME
76561198083070191,Recommended,285920,17616278,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,mefunman1,"I love this game, Ithink it was a very awsome game when i got it but one thingt is i was invaded it was really easy to take him on but then a massive unit spawn right next to me and he was so strong that he deysroyed my tech so for miss speling i had to restart my game just to replay (if you type in the seed 666 you spawn close so a bunch of good orers)"
76561198245562958,Not Recommended,285920,17617282,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Itz_Bunnz623,no just no
,Recommended,285920,17622749,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,DaBestPikmin,Best Game Ever its like lego meets battlebots and the controls are great
76561198154702256,Not Recommended,285920,17639428,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Olympus Stonejaw,"This game was good to start with, lots to do, great concept, some minor issues, that unfortunately have grown out of control, not only are the player/staff created constructs oversized and over armed, but they cause massive optimisation issues during and fater fighting them, this game may be in early access, but I would not reccommend this for someone with even a high end computer, if you can run minecraft on Skynet settings, then sure, play this, you may even enjoy it, but for anyone else, be prepared to play this in stop motion mode, hopefully these issues are addressed in the coming months, but at this time, i would not reccomend this game."
,Recommended,285920,17639918,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,lacranora,"Random!Okay so there is not much there for a storylineOkay so there is not much there for directionBut you know what is there….you can blow $h1t up. If it moves shot it, mad at a rock crush it, stupid tree in the way tear it out of the ground.Build whatever comes to mind, but don’t expect anything easy. Enemies invade you, attack you and beat you till there is nothing left.The game needs work sure, but overall the direction it is going in is fun. Rather enjoyable now but there is a huge amount of room for improvement.Destruction 10/10Rage quitting 10/10"
,Recommended,285920,33316091,Posted: 6 July,all,Varyian Aspect,Nice
76561198206388313,Recommended,285920,33362379,Posted: 7 July,all,DTupa1,"This is a game i first saw on youtube and i wanted it ever since but i finally got it today11/10 IGN""POTATO GO BOOM"""
76561198367764261,Recommended,285920,33378880,Posted: 8 July,all,danielmorris19371990,can you add bad guys in the creative modeso you can test you cars plz add this i would like the game even more!!??
76561198343489461,Recommended,285920,33388121,Posted: 8 July,all,megasikemike,best game ever play in the histroy of games
76561198309368821,Recommended,285920,33459023,Posted: 11 July,all,Ikefuigi,Awesome game!
,Recommended,285920,33480875,Posted: 12 July,all,Kasyra,TerraTech is AWESOME!!
,Recommended,285920,33489214,Posted: 12 July,all,ScottCher,"Well, designed game.  As a Mechanical Engineer, I just love the flexibility and the ability to build from parts.  Its super campy, has nice graphics and the game play is fun.  devs keep updating the game in nice ways that make sense, etc etc."
76561198007538054,Recommended,285920,33397110,Posted: 9 July,all,cobalturge1313,"Hands Down, one of the best sandbox games around. If you were ever that kid who made planes and tanks with Legos, this is for you!!"
76561198192741630,Recommended,285920,26007453,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,𒆙VΣŇΩᗰ𒆙,Love the game/great fun/lots to do and endless things you can create. over 1k hoours on it on my other steam account :Dits a free building sandbox game like minecraft with tanks and guns.You can build your own tech/ vehical/ robot out of parts that you buy or from an ememy when you kill then
76561198156598062,Recommended,285920,33486245,Posted: 12 July,all,Mediam Noctum,A bit laggy but really fun
76561198150012235,Recommended,285920,33269441,Posted: 5 July,all,squidy,terratech is a great game i recommend it
76561198207056279,Recommended,285920,33311974,Posted: 6 July,all,bossatronio,this game was good but it lacked content and I had to restart 4 or 5 times because I would kill all the enemys i could kill but then i couldent go further because i didnt have a terminal.
76561197998964861,Not Recommended,285920,29894421,Posted: 13 February,all,Southern Wind,"Terra Tech is very amazing game. You probably like this too. But it is in development. Which means it has many bugs, errors, crashs and also optimization issues. It will torture you. You should be patient if you don't want to be sad."
76561198149919174,Recommended,285920,29431761,Posted: 22 January,all,Abraxos,This game is amazing. I used to play robocraft all the time. It used to be an awesome f2p but it was corrupted by the dark arts of sauron and made into a p2p. Then i had $210 spare from buying my computer. SOOOOO I decided to put $60 on steam and brought Astroneer and Terratech. As soon as i played Terratech i loved it. I tryed to run Astroneer but for some reason it didnt work so geuss what i did? PLAYED TERRATECH!!10/7/2017:TerraTech is getting better. As it gets updates it gets more content and I really like content.
,Recommended,285920,33401704,Posted: 9 July,all,Grunt,"I've had this game since it came into existence. I can easily, without hesitation, say this game is totally worth the price. There's a LOT of quirky fun to be had and excellent value without needing to be on sale.The development has been non-stop, many outstanding experimental blocks make their way into production (graduate to full in game blocks officially), AI improvements are slower to come but do happen, performance ditto, and a variety of missions exist and those too are coming at a slow but reasonable pace.At this stage of development there really is a fairly hefty amount of stuff on offer and it grows weekly.Regarding the actual game play I'll leave it to others to describe it more fully. It's basically a ""what-if"" construction set for both mobile and static tech creations. There's a very interesting, very large amount of combinations and block types to be had.Changing things on the go as you progress is a natural part of the game and works very well. You can either create dedicated types of techs for specific roles or create ""do it ALL"" techs. And by that I'm including the massive variety in terrain (which is recent, and excellent) so you can navigate tougher terrain easier simply based on better designs as you gain experience with how to do things and what's possible.I consider this a little gem that can be quite a blast to dork around with."
76561198351518770,Recommended,285920,33390638,Posted: 8 July,all,n0saj2600,"I really like this game, and it actualy runs pretty well on my 2011 Mac Pro, however it seems to make the computer run hot, and I think I may have done a little damage to my video card. I don't think it was this game that specificalaly did it, but I did like to play it for long periods of time... now I gotta take a break on 3D games until I get a new computer :(The game itself is very fun & has nice progressions. It's cool to see how your vehicles evolve as you get new parts & eventualy make multiple vehicles. It has a lot of content already, can't wait to see what's finished by v1.0 (hopefully multiplayer)"
76561198200303343,Recommended,285920,33513084,Posted: 13 July,all,ddynomite8,I dont know why but whenever I try to start the game it loads for about 10 seconds and crashes
76561198039146050,Recommended,285920,33431434,Posted: 10 July,all,burakodak,I can't play the game. always shut down with an errorafter the configiration menu. :(
76561198136950339,Recommended,285920,33530990,Posted: 14 July,all,Turnip,techy
76561198119570323,Recommended,285920,33597902,Posted: 16 July,all,Hektor,A very good and relaxing game to play in your spare time!
,Recommended,285920,18451070,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Lumine,"This game is amazing! it takes a second to get used to but as soon as you do, everything is at the mercy of your own wit. you start off as a simple 2 block ""tech"" with wheels and a gun, and build as big as your heart's content. Mining resources is easier as the game progresses, allowing you to stack hundreds of resources to your ""tech"" which then, in turn, could be sold or fabricated into new blocks. its quite fun."
76561198099244824,Recommended,285920,18648867,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,James Arlwind,"Thumbs up all the way. This game may get frustrating..... a lot...... and is difficult to find new blocks, but it's fun and brings out the most creative side of anyone. Build your vehicle how you want, with what you want, s ridculously as you want (And I've made some painfully ridiculous ones :) ) Explore, destroy, gather, create, build, laugh. This game has everything it needs for endless hours of enfuriating entertainment. Reminds me of a phrase I saw on a film a while ago: Live. Die. Repeat. That is all this game is. Death is inevitable and you can lose the majority of your blocks (and sanity) but then you build something even stupider and love it. Can't wait for future updates, one hopefully including a DIFFICULTY option (Hint hint) and lots more blocks and either creatively stupid or stupidly creative vehicles. And maybe amphibious constructs. Pretty please.But yes, lots of fun, really annoying, creating, destruction. It's brilliant.Thanks for reading."
76561198230607024,Recommended,285920,18443743,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheDragonsCode,This game allows players to adventure but also think wisely about who they fight so they don't lose anythink valuable.
76561198094470187,Recommended,285920,18444135,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,eeveeplays50040,"i like the game but i cant play the kapange enymore. when i click on play, then i got kicked back in to the menu.and when im going to play again, then the game froze in a blackscreen."
76561198108604941,Recommended,285920,18442635,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Breeky Cheeky iv Damke,"This game is awesome. I recommend it to everyone who enjoyed playing robocraft, and other games like this. I dont know why a lot of people say it's bugged. I have found some bugs in tutorial missions, but most of them you can fix by Save+ Exit and then load your save again.Good things:-You can do whatever you want (following missions at the beggining of game gives you bigger chances to survive)-Robots are good matched, if you build a big♥♥♥♥♥rtech, there wont be that much of small enemies, and vice versa.-You can harvest resources and sell them, or be a hunter, kill other techs and sell their parts.-You can build a plane, or a car, or tank on wheels, or whatever you want (except from boats). I think some people build helicpoters too, but it's quite hard.-If you want to change your robot you dont have to rebiuld everything, just buy another cab (of course from in game money) and bild other want, if you want to change between them, just click on them.-No microtransactions-Devs care about this game-Nice and helpfull comunity-Easy to learn, hard to masterBad things:-Some bugs-Beggining of the game maybe hard if you play first time, my tip: before you go to trading station kill some techs, and make your tech stronger, at the trading stations there may be powerfull enemies.-It took me 1 hour to understand how to build good things, and why my wheels are sparkling (overweight)-Sometimes when you rebuild your tech, for example you take all of your guns and wheels down to put them better, game throws enemies at you, so you have to be carefull at building, and always have some defence-Price is a bit to high, anyway this game is good so if price would be lower I'd donate themGood luck at playing! I hope we will meet at multiplayer if it will be released!"
,Not Recommended,285920,18438418,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Glitchy,"I love it but it has too many bugs, such as random level resets upon loading a save, the minimap filling up with meaningless yellow things, etc. Again, great game, lots of potential, but TOO MANY BUGS."
76561198242179076,Recommended,285920,18439677,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,jerickcheong,It is a very fun and accidting game 10/10
76561198251747478,Recommended,285920,18170796,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,terrapigunleashed,This game is a good game its about having a robot and going around fighting other robots and geting there stuff for your robot or t sell.
,Recommended,285920,18431310,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sh3t,"I have seen videos of gameplay of this game, and it look really fun, but story mode isnt even loading for me, so i paid $20 for a game that doesn't work... I hope this gets fixed soon"
76561198058809923,Recommended,285920,18868170,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,generaldurandal,"One of the coolest games I've ever played!But, the game's data gets corrupted easily,so you'll end up having to start over again and again.But it's a Beta, so bugs/errors are expected."
76561198165021902,Recommended,285920,18868466,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,zjerz,great game but it allways crash on my mac book pro 2015 on osx el captain vertion 10.11.1
76561198191247234,Recommended,285920,18869900,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gaster,really cool game. good textures. godd gamefeeling. but im missing the co-op.really im missing a co-op
76561198195205199,Recommended,285920,18865037,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,EliteGaming,AMAZING
76561198125317241,Recommended,285920,18770693,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Papa Moorhen,"Such a great game, its like spore and my boxes of legos had sex and made this wonderful game, However it should be noted to anyone playing this to make sure you can handel a million and one guns firing at once,best lego spor sex hybrid and 4th of july  simulator 2015"
,Recommended,285920,18632415,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MinorySuper,"Love the game, it has to do with stragety and building, both my favorites. Can't wait for more to be released!"
,Recommended,285920,18655167,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,karost,Its just too fun runnin around killing everything and that theres always a next thing todo.The thing im most amazed about is how the bots are built. I don't have an example its just amazingly built.Recommended!
,Recommended,285920,18827118,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,hellsvien,"TerraTech is a wonderful Lego styled game that is in an open sandbox world. You start with a basic cabin with 4 wheels, a drill, and a smg to defend yourself.Follow some basic quests at the start to obtain the parts you need to have a fully perpetual survival system. Conquer all and every other prospecting drone to increase power and control over your new world.Pros: Really fun, super creative, flying machines, multiplayer SOON, much more.Cons: Some bugs that can corrupt your whole game meaning you need to restart all over again.6/10. A solid game which just needs a few more patches!"
,Recommended,285920,18965211,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Im_awesome04,AWESOME game but can get very laggy at times.
,Recommended,285920,18400242,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Rori,"I played the game for a bit and i have enjoyed every second of it.  The point of the game is to create the ultimate base and vehicle as you progress through the game and fighting lots of enemies. This game provides unlimited ways to express your creativity. The game has a lot of things to offer, such as tons of crafting and building objects. Right now the game isnt so well developed, but it has a bright future and a lot of potential. I'm sure this game will become one of the best building/sandbox game you can find in the future."
76561198116767654,Recommended,285920,18364485,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,strykerboy8,very good game but there are some bugs
,Recommended,285920,18421499,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,shinaki,10/10 good game. not good game for slow computers
76561198181120247,Recommended,285920,18422095,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RetardedRhinocerosCSGO-Coins.com,"Terra tech is a good game. not a great game. the one thing i dont like about it is that your robotic creation can be destroyed at any time.for example, when i started the game i wasnt good so my robots were destroyed at least 10 times in the first 10 minutes. the developers should make it so you have a base to store and protect your robots in."
76561198131348222,Recommended,285920,18474734,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Dragon of Shadows 284284,i have a reccomendation it would be helpful if you put the version number on the main menu in the pause menu and maybe along the top with the title
76561198069726915,Recommended,285920,18473798,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,(B)lokki,very good but very hard at the start
76561198011164120,Recommended,285920,18397411,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,LasVegasPunk,"Awesome game, would love to see some new options such as, move zooming ability (zoom out more), tracks and half tracks, multiple different tiers and strength of mobile generators (possibly some sort of solar panels or some such. Multiplayer would be fun as hell even if its just inviting friends to your game for coop. Option to remove respawning resources or at least have them not spawn right next to or under you xD that gets a little annoying haha.Overall cant wait to see how this game blossems loving it so far!Edit: Another thing I would like to see is the ability to actually aim where you are shooting. Would be amazing to be able to aim at wheels or guns rather then just somewhat randomly as it is now.Edit2: The yellow markers that show a tech point or whatever it is, would be nice if they went away once there was nothing left there anymore. So it isn't a battle of remembering where you have been lol.Edit3: Had a run in with a major map glitch, was partially detatched from the rest of the map, can be found in my screenshots if anyone official wants to see the issue in action."
76561198059626361,Recommended,285920,18511943,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,yumri,from the demo i was expecting a mmo robot tthing .... it is misleadieingfrom gameplay it is hard for a downtime ame but if you are into it then it is good yes just hoping fo more story is all
,Recommended,285920,24413448,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,☆Mitar. Keat☆,I think there shoud be able to play with your friends together on this game it would be alot more fun
,Recommended,285920,22029737,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[GS] Skeleman Joe,its a great game currently and amazingly funProsthe feeling of scrapping enemy wrecks and adding them onto your own is greathuge worldssome enemy things are made by other playersthe devs add a large amount of content and there are rumors of mod support and multiplayer later down the line.soundtrack is great if smallAs of right now there are a few issues that hopefully will be addressed soon. the devs seem to be pretty active though so they are at least working on fixing themconsthe ai can be pretty dim at times both the enemy ones and the ones you make. (the devs said its a know issue though so they are working on it)some quests are bugged sometimes to not spawn the vehicle with the part.the quests are a little repetitive sometimes.all and all i give it a rad max and a 7/10 with a 9/10 if the devs fix the bugsupdatethe devs have been slowly fixing the bugs and adding new content. I'll have to see how the game ends up but its getting a little better every update
,Recommended,285920,24398222,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sanic so runny fast,"As soon as I open up the game from my library it freezes and can't go past ""Welcome to Terratech"""
,Recommended,285920,22271889,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Lm602,"July 12, 2016:Due to update 0.6.2 I can now consider this game complete enough to play. It is now, finally, fun :) I really appreciate the developers listening to and caring about what I had to say (see comments below) It can only hopefully be improvement from here on out. New tech trees, map areas, who knows. Below this is my original (slightly mean) review from way back when.Long long, ago:Fun for about an hour, then you hit the broken progression wall. All time after this is roaming around aimlessly searching for a certian part. Hours and hours to find things that should unlock with progression that simply was lazily not finished. Buy something else."
76561198098996614,Recommended,285920,18242249,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,bluejay900000,The new update for this game is great! I have not had a problem with 0.6.1+ since it came out! 10/10 worth a buy!
76561198272360895,Recommended,285920,24150152,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KILLERSTREAM,love the game that they've made but at some points of the game it tends to lag a lot but the only thing i hate is how every time i go to the trading station and theres always a hard boss there that i have to fight. anywase the game its self its pretty good keep working on it devs
76561198287317562,Recommended,285920,23101861,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ragingclock,"This is easily my favorite indie game, ever.  While yes there are some issues with physics and some framerate issues, it still doesnt take away from the endless fun you will have building you and your AI minions to crush any one in your way.  Building is some what straight foward although a bit buggy in its self, but works most of the time.  The combat is really my only gripe with the game; while your guns track your targets for you its awkward to use the space bar to fire your weapons when it should be the mouse button.  The camera however is easily the most disfunctional part of the game, especially during bot fights.  Its okay when looking around and placing blocks, but its a disaster when fighting enimies because there is no lock on button for enemies and often you have no time to right click and drag the screen to face the bot your fighting.  Thankfully, the enemies arent that smart to begin with and many of them arent that aggressive so you can build/travel in safety.  The AI on your team is also not that great, they often drive into trees and rocks, so be prepared to free them when necessary.  The winner for this game is the journey its self; you crash land on a alien planet and need to build your self up into a killer machine that can fight hords of bots and collect resources to get money and get more stuff to make you even more OP with healing bubbles and amor plating.  I cant wait to see what else the devs have planned for this game, even in its current state i give two thumbs up."
,Recommended,285920,14696568,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GGN,i WONDER WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE BUYING IT hmmmmmmmmmmm i remember something like PewDiePie xD !
,Not Recommended,285920,18564558,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Gemini Marshdevil,"Edit: a year later...... no update, no change to the game, non of the promises made kept.the illusion is gone.dont bother with this. go get Space Engineers instead. infinitely better in every single way.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~:Old Review:get this game..... after the devs do the complete overhall of the code necesary to allow for this game to be fully modable and have all the end-game potential you think it has after watching the trailer.after that, it will be minecraft status~  legit.before that, its only about 40 hours of gameplay."
76561198089468510,Recommended,285920,14362751,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Bone Doctor,"Terra Tech has had alot of time in development, and in this time it has really come a long way with active developers and constant updates the game has never being this polished.The story, although lacking in some aspects is a nice touch which really gives the gameplay meaning and attempts to keep you hooked, making sure you always have something to do or somehwere to go.A minor issue i have is the frames, personally i have a resonably beefy computer but on ""Good"" graphical setting i am going from 20fps to 35fps, maybe its just me being used to a constant 60 but who knows? minor problem tbhAlthough this game is not my cup of tea as i would rather a more tactical approach to taking on enemys rather that ""Lets see who can fit the most guns on their vehicle"" kinda game, i can definatly see others spending alot of time building up their vehicles and bases in the future with a fortress guarded by little drones with drills on the front while you are out exploring the ever expansive world of TerraTech!"
,Not Recommended,285920,21124525,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KThen,"I'm not sure is it me or is it the game, but I have always complained about how lag it was to play Ark, but this is more lag than Ark? Really? People say it's the AI that if you kill more it will eventually smooth out.No. I lag when I am even at the game menu. That's it. Not recommending it to anyone else. Can't even finish the tutorial right because of this lag."
76561198167892891,Not Recommended,285920,21368922,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,daf,my game wont start. when the start screen comes on it justes pauses.
76561198245590526,Not Recommended,285920,18314799,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BlackDeath2023,it sucks! i had it for 20 hours and it crashed i could never open it again. even if i deleted and reinstalled!
76561198122373228,Recommended,285920,22599874,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ProGrammer,It's k
,Recommended,285920,22067427,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,D_bot369,I love the game but i trued to connect my 2 creations s they would be safe and i could drive them both at once but i could only attach a block to one at a time. I think it would be really cool to add in a feature that allows you to connect 2 creations like a rope or even a tool so when you click a key while placing a block you click 2 places that you want to connect the block. so when i grab a block and click a key or hold it down i click one end of my machine and the end of another and it brings them together and attaches them through that block.I found a few improvements that could be made to make the game better (in my opinion).First i think there should be some sort of despawn thing for items(If you go X amount of chunks away from an item(Like harvested material of items not picked up(not base blockes of course)) then that item would be deleted). This would reduce lag tremendously. Next I think there should be some sort of advanced mode when creating a world. This would incude a biome select(Like a checklist of each biome that you want in your world (there would be a small description or picture next to each biome name to explain what the biome is like (flat/bumpy or the color)that you hover over with your mouse to see the description better)) and a difficulty level (How hard the enemy robots/bases would be). Finally I think there should be some sort of mirror mode(Similar to the one in the game Robocraft). These are the ideas that I think playes(including myself) would enjoy.
76561198297345433,Recommended,285920,23892288,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,1buster1121,i played for 45 minutes and than it broke wont even load the home screen good game other wise
76561198003622915,Recommended,285920,20836908,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nyantho,Build and destroy!Build and destroy!AND...Build and destroy :D
76561198093350925,Not Recommended,285920,20832675,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Solaire,"This game needs some serious work to be worth $19.99. Most wheels feel like they need a speed rework, trade post spawns are pretty garbo, and with the gun mechanics you think they would put it a camera lock option. But really don't pay $19.99 for this game it's not worth your money or time."
76561198285399511,Recommended,285920,21513198,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,tommyjdchristian17,its awesome good game
,Recommended,285920,17655715,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,WildCharger,"This game is phenomenal. It proves extremely promising for it's early stages, and although I don't have the R&D Expansion I don't need to to know this game has great potential.Robocraft and Minecraft have a baby.And it's perfect.EDIT 1: Money well spent. The R&D Pack provided me with more stuff than I thought existed. This game is a masterpiece and should continue to be for years to come.EDIT 2: The new updates had me a bit flummoxed at first, but the continual bugifxes brought it all back to order. The improvements continue to get better!"
76561198179808842,Not Recommended,285920,21630816,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr.McAsian,this is a difficult game to move around and it is a slow pace game
76561198287223408,Recommended,285920,21608466,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jeffreybrumfield7,i love this game but please update it keeps freezeing for me
,Not Recommended,285920,21606463,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Awmax,"I looked at the trailer and other various gameplay videos and all of them made this game sound amazing for a robocraft player like me. When I bought it and got into the game, I was horrified at the lack of gameplay and the difficulty of playing (Easier than Zero Reflex on easy mode). If it was free, or under 5 dollars, I would reccomend it to everyone I knew, but for the price it just isn't worth it. I understand its in early access and that it may change in the future, but for 20 dollars I doubt it could get any worse."
76561198073706797,Recommended,285920,22013651,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,that one guy,all the good legos we had as kids an dont got to pick them up at the end an no mess when ya stuff gets blowen up
76561198135706406,Recommended,285920,25300199,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ForemostEel344,"Terra Tech is a very fun, mechanical-game and is very addictive in my opinion. I love these types of games and i have played this game for a long time. This game is just simply amazing!"
,Recommended,285920,25304467,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Steve Dancer,"This Game is really cool!I love the design and everything.But it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥..I have a Alienware laptop and I canonly play the game on the fastest ( lowest) graphics.I can't even play it in full screen.So, yeah.Great game! But must have is a good pc or laptop ..."
76561198206984751,Recommended,285920,25291875,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ZerglingRush09,"Good Game, very fun, alot of updates, love the sandbox"
76561198207782084,Recommended,285920,22243752,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Narwhale,"This is a really great, fun game but I really want the game to be online it would just be so fun if we could make servers and play with our firends. For example my friend said she was going to buy the game but when I said it was not online she right away said im not going to get personally i think if you make it online you will get tons more money and people will appreciate the game and I think it will be easily in the top charts lickity split, but overall I sugest this definitly but please think about my comment."
,Recommended,285920,22211213,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,whiteleyj,"Granted this game does have some bugs, but Im sticking with it in the hope to see whatelse is developed. Build whatever you want."
,Recommended,285920,22229010,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thereaboutz,"This is a very good game. Not very much game at the time, but I know there will be more added. A very good buy."
76561198183068910,Recommended,285920,22230526,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,2fck_aduk,A must buy for those who love mechanics and making things just to blow other things up.
,Recommended,285920,22206871,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Egor001,"Good game. Good customization, easy to play. One main gripe though. The difficulty ramps up too fast for folks to survive. I've gone through two saves where the AI bots have been far too strong for me to defeat. I recommend."
76561198205183081,Recommended,285920,22133994,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheLegoPenguin,"TerraTech has lag, bugs, and many other problems, but thats normal for a pre-release game. I really like how the developers made this game, and its given me hours of fun, so I put this as one of my all time favorite games."
76561198187495910,Recommended,285920,20856883,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,eerfi,I think it's a cool game
,Recommended,285920,20876411,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TheCosmicMist™,This is a really good game
76561198174308659,Recommended,285920,20754332,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,sponge,ok but wen you dele you start with a wubis thek
,Recommended,285920,20759666,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hinksy,"Hours of fun still havent unlocked everything if you like constantly building new vehicles and refining stations this is the game for you. Build the biggest and baddest techs give yourself regeneration and a shield, equip yourself with batterys, build yourself a buddy or two or equip your old tech with AI. create techs to harvest for you and make you money. build more, expand your empire, but be carefull ive never had the same tech more then a hr and a half, ussally get jumped or get to cocky. but yeah everything scales with your size and level. im very exited to see what the finished prouduct for the game is im expecting soo many more classes and items."
76561198274810838,Not Recommended,285920,20736922,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,rachelstansberry,it will not let me into the game
76561198098004681,Recommended,285920,25095508,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[KSG] SC2 marine,"The key is to not give up, there seems to not be any goal except to detroy all that oppose you. after a while, that becomes an easy task. still is really fun to drive around and 1 shot tanks with like 10 megaton cannons XD."
,Recommended,285920,25093578,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,UCANTCEEMEgamer,"TerraTech is an amazingly fun and challenging construction simulator that reminds you of playing with high tech lego blocks. You battle, you construct, you harvest, you craft, you explore, you look up and 3 hrs have passed. This game is that ADDICTIVE. It's a like a mixture of Spore, Minecraft, and Battle Bots.Even as a quote unqoute ""Early Acces title,"" I've enjoyed every minute of this title.Check out my vids to get a better look and perspective on this amazing game!!!TerraTech - Indie Game Spotlight - Ep. 15 - Robots Building Sandbox Tech Open World - First Look!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeBc-hex-ZI&index=4&list=UUxjgXmU3z_4gYORnpjFmi2wTerraTech - Lets Play HD 1080 - Ep. 1 Future War Games - How to Start a War Fleethttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhAMgHWprzk&index=1&list=UUxjgXmU3z_4gYORnpjFmi2w"
,Recommended,285920,25092260,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SCB,I love it!. Great game.Only thing is that multiplayer should be added4/5
,Recommended,285920,25045442,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,PnkBstrA,"Actually a nice game, a Vehicle based sandbox game with some fighting action.But, after the last update (date 08.21.16) it does NOT work anymore.after some retrying of starting my computer ctually crashed...I'm really unlucky, i paid money for this, and i hope payload will fix this as soon as possible"
,Recommended,285920,25007291,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,e_rabbid,"This is a great game for the most part, but it does pretty boring after awhile, as there is really no goal except killing things, putting onto either yourself or your base, then killing more. Still fun though."
,Not Recommended,285920,21575671,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,LAW-11-NYC,"Gets old really fast, and too buggy. A lot has to happen before I even try to play this again."
,Recommended,285920,25084376,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,✪ Ἡρακλῆς,This can be a great game after multiplayer is here and bug/lag free. IT HAS A POTENTIAL to be the very best. Once you get all geocorp and maxed out levels. It goes down hill. Multiplayer would be a great addition.
,Recommended,285920,25083142,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Common,best game ever
,Recommended,285920,18146897,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,xRay *logosinformatica.it*,"Best early access game out there, try it!Edit: Currently is full of bugs, and literally unplayableNot worth €20Edit: 22/08/16Now it's playable, but it still needs lots of improvements"
76561198287383626,Recommended,285920,24925692,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,poppoppop34561,Very fun for those who love to explore and don't give up
76561197961387056,Recommended,285920,24972587,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[WLG]Trenton**,"while TerraTech is noticably an early access alpha, it is highly enjoyable as is.i find my self spending alot of time just in the design of the vehicles, and i have not even made it to the flying units, and i have only touched the surface of the base building aspect.Currently it is only single player, but with a multiplayer option on the board it has the potential to be a really fun sandbox game.while the cost is a little more then i like to spend for an early access alpha, i would say if your looking for a game to play, that is only as complicated as you want it to be, then give it a shotI can say this, once multiplayer is set up i will be picking up another copy..."
76561198265513714,Recommended,285920,21029923,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Edsknife,"TerraTech is a game all about controlling vehicles in battle, construction, and the harvesting of materials. It is currently single player and local multiplayer only, but players do get the chance to face off with ""techs"" built and sent by other players. Another thing about this game is the graphics, which are quite stunning for an early access game (but, the graphics cause this game to be quite hard to run). I got interested in TerraTech by watching a channel by the name of Xisumavoid, which I found through Minecraft YouTubers. Anyway, the game has had major updating to its content and tweeks to the HUD, making it stand way out from other games. The campaign mode has seen the most updating, giving more objectives and making the player have to work more for rewards. The game also has time trial modes, which also includes some combat. Really, this game can be enjoyed by people who love racing games, people who love shooting games, and by people who like adventure games."
,Recommended,285920,24769454,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,A1Sauce,"This game is overpriced for how little it hasThis game has a lot to it, but I'd say still a bit overpriced. This game is beautifully designed and has a pretty fun objective to it. But it gets boring after a bit. (added 8/8/16) The spawn system for enemies could be tweaked a bit.Edit 2: I Honestly LOVE these kinds of games. But this one just isn't ready yet. I know it's in early access, and I'd love to buy it when it's finished, that is if they (and i'm sure they will) fix some of the things that could bother you.Edit 3: DirectX was somehow the reason behind the game losing FPS at times. Turned it off. Now the game works amazingly. Also, I've ventured forth into the unstable builds and found it quite entertaining. This definitally changed my review from a ""No"" to ""Yes""."
,Recommended,285920,19509298,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RussEfarmer,"Now, this game is fantastic for what it is. Its a sandbox game, but you start as a little robot, destroy little robots and steal their parts and make your robot bigger so you can fight bigger robots and steal their parts and become a giant cube with guns on every placable space. For the most part, it works well, but does get boring after a while. If your not creative, dont get it or else you will get bored very quickly."
76561198098941501,Recommended,285920,25040229,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fox_Mc-Tag,Kerbal space program light edition: even the fun gets light past 20 hours
,Recommended,285920,25523185,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Skullexik Clanship,"Honestly... This is one of the few games that I played that I saw of of Youtube... All thanx to Ssundee! If it wasnt for that, I probably would have never fell i nlove with this game!"
76561198152095609,Recommended,285920,18159198,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ViperConnect2,i wish i could get this game free
,Recommended,285920,18163240,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Aluriana Dragonheart,"Except for the occassionaly bug which is to be expected during early access. Terratech has become one of my most played games quickly. i dont expect a lot in games much, yet Terratexh has done amazingly in its growth and the ideas it puts forward"
76561198209821345,Recommended,285920,25886100,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,royw,a fun game but gets boring after a few hours.i hope there comes more base buildingi hope they fix that enemy tech don`t spawn in youre base or underground.
,Recommended,285920,25949935,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GEPRNKAED,"needs work, but is better than most early access games."
76561198276768044,Recommended,285920,30884881,Posted: 1 April,all,Olavnoordhuis,"This is a great game. I have been playing of a while and keep coming back to it as the game develops. One minor issue, ever since the newest update the R and D test chamber has been lagging quite a bit. I find this annoying, as I payed an extra $10 for it. Hope they fix it soon!"
76561197992211589,Recommended,285920,25919605,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,j_termeulen,"You crashland on a planet with a tiny bot.And you have to fight to survive so you can increase your bots weapons and size. There is no limit on what you can put on your bot, just keep an eye on the ingame messages if your wheels are overloaded.Just kill a slightly bigger bot with bigger wheels to solve that.At some point you will see a message pop up telling you an invasion is coming, this invasion means a big bot will orbital drop on you that will slap you six feet under in a heartbeat if you are not ready.Just get out of his red zone to keep him happy untill you are ready to wreck him.(He can drop new tech!)"
76561198099790285,Recommended,285920,25927897,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,traeng,"definitly cannot run with a celeron 847 at 1.1Ghz, 8Gb ram, windows 10at least i tried xD"
,Not Recommended,285920,18192089,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,mxpph,"Not very good, trailer is better than the game imo. Would not recommend until out of early access.The tutorial is unskippable, so if you mess up you have to COMPLETELY RESTART!Flying system isn't great.MAIN THING THAT MAKES THIS A NEGATIVE REVIEW: THE AI SYSTEM IS SOOOO HARD IF YOU'RE TRYING TO GET THINGS. IF YOU DIE YOU HAVE THE STARTING VEHICLE, AND ALL THE AI CAN KILL YOU IN SECONDS!!"
76561198217329657,Recommended,285920,26273963,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Reed,Awesome!
,Recommended,285920,26756821,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,John Smith,"10/10 would play again, and i will~"
,Recommended,285920,26980463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thrsti,This game gets pretty boring after a while but still fun while it last...
,Recommended,285920,26862796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dman1215,Very Good Well Designed Game so far. The campaign goes a little slow and is dependent on the players creations and designs. There are times when i get stuck by a point of interest not activating or just stuck on a lvl.
76561198081410586,Recommended,285920,25910545,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Person4772|Trade.tf,This is a very good game but to be even better you need to buy the R&D pack to be able to really mess aroundit is a fun game with good missions and building capabilities all inall 7/10
76561198302562584,Recommended,285920,25936874,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,hdeitz_csgolive.com,is very fun
76561198184903489,Recommended,285920,25937113,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JBAMA,great game
76561198292841084,Recommended,285920,26020233,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CosmicChaos555,The best game of all time. Great graphics and sound
76561198321309566,Recommended,285920,26051209,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tenacious,"TerraTech is a sandbox-type game, but also a game with objectives, missions, fighting with giant blasters and chainsaws, as well as exploration and saving up BlockBucks for new things to use on whatever you're building. Anyway... it can get quite frustrating at times when you can't find certain resorces, an enemy destroys your base, or you get #rect by a huge Tech with laser cannons, but it shouldn't keep you from building up and getting bigger, more powerful weapons. There is the gauntlet, sumo matches, and a campain without the DLC, and that is quite enough! It's definetly worth the money, and it is getting alot of updates currently so the content is not near what it'll be a year from now!! Since there isn't multiplayer yet but it is planned on, you can make lutiple Techs and control them all at once to destroy enemies, and eventually get materails to make tanks, planes, and speedy-fast rocket cars! Recommended fully!"
76561198175637977,Recommended,285920,26077556,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,the ultra flyer,with the hawkeye that adds weapons as geocorp is for mining and venture is for speed
76561198220450617,Recommended,285920,26063427,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Neon,Great Game
,Recommended,285920,25249547,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Entire Population Of Switzerland,It has potential indeed! Just you get stuck a lot.
76561198263947149,Recommended,285920,25876125,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,kritish2424,Terra tech is a great game for adventure people. In the beginning it seems very fun... But once you are the best it gets kind of boring. But don't be fooled as updates are very often.
,Recommended,285920,25915153,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,catengineer,Can't wait for muiltaplayer!I have had this game since version 3 and it has gotten so much better.i would rate this game 20077383 out of 5 stars this game is epic!
,Recommended,285920,24019944,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mewelup,"Love the game, just wish my computer could handle it better later in game.first saw this on a Ssundee youtube video, and I fell in love it!"
,Recommended,285920,30821082,Posted: 29 March,all,EthanAndLiamHD,fun
,Recommended,285920,22736404,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,That Shades Boi,You've turned my frown upside down!
76561197992377642,Recommended,285920,17502096,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,PinkiesBrain,"Lets say it has potential...But seemingly the devs are not very skilled- the game is very buggy and most annoying the AI is not really existent. Especially for own ""buildings"" cars or towers.The World map is neither pretty nor rich in details. Mainly a big plane with trees and small rocks.Even for this state of the game this is not very promising.Anyway - building and farming things is fun for a while but it becomes dull and duller fast because there is no goals to go for.If it was free to play or a five bucks game i`d recommend it - but at this price tag it is not satisfying even for an early access game.My recommendation would be: wait for the final release (if there ever is one) and then look up some reviews again or watch a lets play.At the moment - Don´t buyEdit: 27.6.16Well I´ve been asked to take another look at the game and so I did.It seems most of the main issues are solved by now. it is fun to play around with all the (new) blocks and go adventure to raid other bots.Most important at the moment (0.6.1) there does not seem to be game breaking bugs anymore.My game still crashed after some hours while playing around with the ""base building"" and the whole refinery transport and so forth stuff feels unintuitive but better.It still feels like ""empty"" in terms of story/content/ aim/goal like ""reach the end of the world"" or ""escape the planet"" - but still - messing around with the game itself and its neat mechanics is fun enough so i didnt miss the ""reason why"" too much anymore.All in all it now has a reasonable bang for the buck and I enjoy the game - Everybody who likes to scavenge and raid and build minecraft/lego like in neat ""WoW"" like with relatively good physics and graphics can now buy this without hesitation.It seems that the Devs still care about the game which is definately also a plus although development goes on slow."
76561198145199131,Recommended,285920,23910305,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RaG3_ShadoW,This game is like drugsYou get hooked to it and can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,285920,24005004,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,How2Destroy,"I love sandbox/strategy games, so this is just my kind of game. I really like the idea of contructing bots out of parts you pillage from others. The only few nitpicks I have are that the steering is not inverted when in reverse, and the camera is very jerky at times. Other than that, I'd highly recommend this game to anybody who likes sandbox and wants a few hours of fun."
,Recommended,285920,23968514,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cryogenic,"Even though it is still in early development it is a great game.Thhis game has so many fetures even though it is in development.  THe gameplay is awesome and can, at times, be very intence.The game, however, doesn't come without it's bugs.  There are alot of bugs but most of them are worked out very quickly.  And with the unstable mode players can give feedback on fetures not fully released, which it very helpful, since that would allow less bugs in the stable mode."
76561198140934498,Recommended,285920,20671967,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bandit,Even though the game is hard (Hard to get back up when you die) and OP wepons it has alot of replay value and is fun once you get a good start.
76561198069633982,Recommended,285920,24110424,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Potty McSmoke,"Honestly i enjoyed the game until they broke driving backwards with your tech. It turns to the left when using the ""S"" key to back up. Binding your keys to anything but the ""S"" key fixes it. The first ever review i write is to publicly complain about the fact that there have been 4-5 updates which just added more unneccesary♥♥♥♥♥♥to the broken game. And don't even think about saying ""It's early access, it will have bugs"". This game should only be bought on a 85% sale. Other than that you will waste countless hours on a game that has no goal other than to gather♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.EDIT : Dev's are looking into the problem."
76561198253963303,Recommended,285920,22209271,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,captainkenny42,this game is amazing it can get boring if u get everything but thats becaus thers not enugh objects to buy and im sure the owners are working on that but for a erly acces 9/10if they added multiplayer with servers and lan  it would much improve it alls if people can host privet servers with a unlimited amount of play slots it would become the coolest  game i know of.allso the AI needs some work thers not really any intelugens they get stuck all the timeand if enumys could set up bases and would up grade and rade in teams an your ai would work more as a team plz cas ther like headles chikens at the moment.Edit:1I know the devolepers are doing all they can but the game still hasnt bean updated and its just to boring well the AI crash all the time.also my game lags after i have one save for a long time.The developer/s  are doing a good job but they may need to see if they can speed some things along.Edit:29/10 only reall problem or close to a (bug) is if you play for a large period of time randome objects start to stack up all over the place and thers no portable inventory collecter to do clean up so it starts to lag .... (might just be my pc)if this is a problem in the future and becomes worse maybe they will make it so blocks take damege if you leave them for over a minute or two?9/10 for were it is in devbut is not a finnished game just yet :).
76561198236153950,Recommended,285920,22195183,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DatFamGuyHyperNova,"This is a good game with an amazing potential.The next Minecraft?But this runs horribly, frame rate for me are 30 fps! As i said, has potential but horrible frame rate and crashes often.If they improve its compatibility then YES. 6/10"
,Recommended,285920,22275246,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Corgi,Does anyone Else Have That thing where you cant change to a diffrent tech you made?
,Not Recommended,285920,17322409,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Horst The Chef,"Its a very solid game. Its like 3D ""Captain Forever""One of the very large problems is the annoying autosave. I was just destroyed by some one, so I restart. It puts me in the middle of the fight again as soon as I was going to die...This game needs a feature where I can save before a fight so I dont get my whole creation destroyed by some OP invader.(Additional Edit)This game also has a unscipable, repetative and boring tutorial. I also found myself unable to ""complete"" certain essential tasks, such as opening the inventory. I opened the inventory and still, the tutorial notification popped up every five seconds, along with the map marker. Some of this buggy content makes it annoying and boring to play. Not to mention strange flying mechanics, and the incomplete control section.Currently extremely buggy, and incomplete. Do yourself and your wallet a favour and spend your 20 on a better game, such as Red Orchestra 2 or any relatively cheap, non-repetative and boring game."
,Recommended,285920,22116407,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Crazyfuzzy,"Good game I liked playing, the slow process of getting cubes, I haven't played this game in a long time, so yeah. But good gme, haven't played it much, but I would recommend it to many people if they want it"
,Recommended,285920,22100233,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,[1COG] The'lil'Squeaker,Fabulous for someone who likes wrecking enemies and reaping the benefits and anyone who likes crushing penalty and the potential for everything to go wrong.8.7/10
76561198048210906,Recommended,285920,22073940,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NETTObananen,"I was going to find a new game. I was looking for a survival game with a little taste of creativety. That was when i stubled across terratech.When i first bought it i was almost addicted. I couldent wait to get home and play. It was loads of fun and i enjoyed it so much. The only problem was all the bugs. That was when i found out what ""Early access"" was. It was kinda aynnoying but i kept giving feedback and now its already amazing. It is a beta wich means that its not fully completed and bugs can be found but its so fun.If you are concidering buying this game. i will strongly reccoment it. You never run out of ideas. You can always inprove your base and techs. Still many features are being added and it all sounds amazing. Keep up with the good work developers! :D"
76561197970620538,Recommended,285920,22054205,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,UGA__MPcdn,Fun game but it is an Beta and crashes a lot and then you need to start again from the start.  I am sure the Dev are working on a fix and I can see this as a great game with hours and hours of fun.
,Recommended,285920,22056029,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Maijeral,"This game is amazing - Legos meets Battlebots (with a bit of Spore thrown in for good measure). I highly recomend Terratech, just know that if you do get it you won't be able to put it down!"
76561198120235577,Recommended,285920,22114326,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Reflex,"First off I don't write reviews unless a game really comes up to the plate, and this one hit a home run with me.Pros-Good Quality-Great Gameplay-Game is somewhat liniar, but its mostly based on your descisons-Great Value, would not buy at 20$ price because im not rich, but 13.98$ during the sale is a great value-This game is long, you can play for 5 hours and not get boredCons-Content, yes this is an early access game but it needs more stuff to do-No multiplayer on normal game, there is only sumo mode and a couple of others, but thats it-Sound Track needs more, it gets annoying after awhile-It crashes every now and then, but that might just be my pcThats pretty much it for this review, I would recommend this game for anyone who whants a great game at a decent price. I would not reccoment this to anyone with a crappy computer, i have a gaming laptop and i have to play on medium to low settings, so look and see if your specs match up. PLAY THE DEMO BEFORE YOU BUY!!!!!!!!! That will help you decide weither or not you should buy this game. Thank you for reading"
76561198187058829,Recommended,285920,22251475,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,cjturner2003,Awesome game. Great games
76561198171462055,Recommended,285920,22263193,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Revanty,"I love everything about this game with its originality and creativity, and how there is not really an end to this game, especially since you could just watch the AI drones follow you and do fun stuff all day long... the only thing I dont like is just simply that this game lags a lot!Other then that (which im sure is being fixed right now) I really love this game!"
76561198290231480,Recommended,285920,22286904,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,bconner1229,Great game love it to bits
,Recommended,285920,22239164,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Marius,"It's fun but goes down to 1-10 FPS once you've progressed through a few hrs of gameplay, making it unplayable.. Not sure if it's due to the size of the vehicle, number of blocks from broken enemies scattered through the map, AI, etc... I hope the devs optimize for this inevitability and clean up the map more actively as enemies are destoryed to declutter the map."
,Recommended,285920,17405291,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,aguselrey,This game is awesome
76561198183681537,Recommended,285920,17405580,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MOUTAINDREWWWW,pretty fun and epic 4 an early alpha game
,Recommended,285920,16948230,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,.Hyper_panda,"i am so addicted 10/10but could used custom routes for items (food to generator, ore to fabricator,)"
,Recommended,285920,15759467,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,gooroo7,"TerraTech is a survival-sandbox where you start with a small robot and fight enemies to build a bigger robot.  You can also mine ores and gather resources to either craft new stuff or sell for a profit.  You can use these profits to get more items and make your robot even better.Before, I did not like this game because you were required to rebuild yourself every time you fought and I really had no idea what I was doing.  Now, the creators have updated the game so it is more balanced and there is a good starting tutorial.  With this new update, rebuilding isn't a big deal at all and I enjoy this game a lot.My only issues with the current version is the AI doesn't really work and there are one or two crafting paradoxes (you need the item you are trying to craft to craft the item you are trying to craft).  Other then that, a great game!"
,Recommended,285920,15643740,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,DeathBySuburban,"Edited 6/6/15: With this recent update, I'm glad to say TerraTech is now playable on my little dual core rig. I would also like to personally thank HigeKun for for responding to my original post, and for your work... I love the look of the game, But I conatantly get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ingame (probably due to my poor designs) I now recomend this game... (Keep the updates and optimizations coming)"
76561198354357380,Recommended,285920,30444510,Posted: 11 March,all,Moge. hellcase.com,"It may say that it only needs a low processor but trust me this is the laggiest game i have ever played in my life, this computer was built to do a lot but not enough for this, i do not recommend it, the graphics are super poor as well even if you put them up to full blast and it takes quite a brain to play this awfully hard gamed UPDATE: Having no problem now just seemed my pc was not working at its best Doc Robnic, great game having lots of fun lately"
,Recommended,285920,17236719,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,L!nk,"I know I have very less time in this game, but I HAVE to say it was AMAZING. This sparks your creativity to the next level.The only thing if I would reccommend anything would be an option to aim yourself at enemys and a possible first-person, fighting enemys when they are circleing around you gets hard after some time, even with the in-built aimbot!"
,Recommended,285920,17187572,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Nikle,need bether controls
,Recommended,285920,17206932,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,P4ntagon,i love the game and everything but im confused how do you get a 2 slot refinery to make a 3 slot fabricator
76561197992837608,Recommended,285920,17216203,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,jamesdftx,"14 Hours in the first two days of woning this game, I can say it was quite worth it. If games like Minecraft, Kerbal Space Program and elements of RTS tickle your fancy -- this is your game. I'll update more as I play."
76561198150394325,Recommended,285920,17249345,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Christodude01,"I have been playing Steam games for 1-2 years now and I have NEVER left a review on any games as they were sometimes great, but they never quite pleased me as much as I would have enjoyed! This game however is an exception. This game is the definite BEST game I have ever played! There is so much creativity involved in it and I have been glued to it since I bought it (roughly 2-3 hours ago as of this review)! I highly recommend you play this game!"
76561198000010328,Not Recommended,285920,17244986,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BlueSkull,"funny ideafor me the crafting, basebuilding and vehicle building is a bit too clumsy at the moment.better wait a few month before consider a buy on this title"
,Recommended,285920,17255934,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sydney,dank
,Not Recommended,285920,17258471,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,NecroCloakDozer,"It's a bad game in general if you don't want to throw something at your PC, Hard. First off, the gameplay is EXTREMELY Difficult, your blocks have 4X Less health than enemies, The tutorial can glitch very badly, leading you to nowhere, You don't gain enough money for what you have to buy, the enemies in the statring area will kill you fast and you will do no damage to them, just take a look at the Boom Fish, a cannon that two-three shots any block and is too accurate, but when you use it, you couldn't hit the broad side of a barn, Dark Souls is easier than this, by a lot, because at least you respawn away from enimies, while in this you just spawn in a group of 5+ Bots larger and stronger than your 1 Gunned car"
76561198238370754,Recommended,285920,17149361,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Echo2309,this game is amazing because the game never makes you feel to powerfull and the deeper even when you get used to the old regualar collect money yhe game throws something new at you!
,Recommended,285920,17140629,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Doglat,Terra Tech is an amazing game and I SERIOUSLY recommend that you buy it. The game itself has great graphics and the whole idea is just so good. What you do in the game is you start with a little car (they call it a tech) in which you drive off with and start to recover fragments of your Base Bomb which you also came in and have to fight off enemies with extremely good AI so that you can get parts. Once you have being playing the game for a while you will need to build a base to progress more or you can just keep on venturing until you find one but then you will have to fight off gaurdians.If you do get Terra Tech watch out because once you start playing time is like fluid from than on. So in conclusion I hope you get it and enjoy playing the game.
,Recommended,285920,17154969,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,CalmRice,If this game ever gets multiplayer it will be my dream :)Also that music track when you encounter an enemy robot is truly artistic!
76561198125995326,Recommended,285920,17224112,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,劍 maxbarnett,This is a very good game but still there are a few bugs in it that really should be fixed like ai`s
76561198118719000,Recommended,285920,17230061,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mr.Bee_spy,i love this game brings so much imagination and you can drive what you build. some lag some bugs but its a really great game!!
76561198240971830,Recommended,285920,17230491,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AireDrew,"I first learned about terra tech from my favorite youtuber, then i went through the process of setting up my steam account, e.t.c. and here i am now. i played the demo and i loved it, this is a great game for anyone who has a creative or destructive side... or just like explosions!"
76561198356375779,Recommended,285920,29044096,Posted: 5 January,all,Chrisli4321,It's a great game but after like 10 minutes it just shuts down my computer please fix
,Recommended,285920,28873014,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FredMunro,"Only played a little, but the 0.7.2 update made everything new again.Great game, still has a few bugs (mainly glitchy flashing UI on occasion) but worth playing, get it now and build something!"
76561198327571906,Recommended,285920,28855000,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,awesomedude1007,awesome game but I suggest you have a good computer I bought it but none of my computers can handle it because they are old.
76561198134003327,Recommended,285920,28800152,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Grimm_Sodov,"This is a really fun game, eccept for the fact that ALL of the enemys attack you from behind. If you play, put all the guns on the back. Other than that though its a really fun game."
,Recommended,285920,28918033,Posted: 1 January,all,|-ICE-| King Bob-Omb [420],"I loved the game, but I don't know if it's my laptop or the game,  running really slow, the fps is most of the time at 20. My laptop meets all the requirements; windows 10, 4gb in ram ,and I have more than enough space required, I really wish the game could be fixed for me. I enjoy it and wish to play more"
,Recommended,285920,29076448,Posted: 6 January,all,ur mom jeff,I only play this game so I can beat up other people and steal their stuff in order to make my stuff better
76561198314426428,Recommended,285920,28925668,Posted: 1 January,all,Louxgarou,how do i get into the sandbox mode thats the onlt thing i hate about this game
76561198092494650,Recommended,285920,28864955,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,happysycko,"Terratech is a fun game. It is obviously still in progress, but its gameplay is smooth and the explainations of how to do things are relatively informative. My only gripe at the moment is the lack of variety in the missions given during the campaign setting. Other than that however, if you like building and blasting things, this is your kind of game."
,Recommended,285920,28901834,Posted: 1 January,all,ToadLitWickedRogue,"""You gotta, build and scout and make yourself proud."" ""Build and scout, becoming proud. "" ""Endless open world, find the core and kill them all."" Yea I shouldn't sing. Good game."
76561198135515234,Recommended,285920,28902177,Posted: 1 January,all,cordbighamjr,This game is great. Even people with no real gaming history can easily play this one. Iwould love to see how far this one will go in the future.
,Recommended,285920,28890717,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,warturtle99,I have no idea why this game has lower ratings. It is a good game. Give it time and you will slowly get newer and better weapons and blocks as the campain mode moves along. The only thing I wish is that the DLC content was in the normal game.
76561198346529388,Recommended,285920,28892851,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,twoturtles,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,285920,29035075,Posted: 5 January,all,USL45,Favorite game 10/10
76561198097163630,Recommended,285920,28702308,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scattercatt,"I gave this game a not reccomended review a while back, but since then, most of my complaints have been fixed and i'm enjoying the game alot more. Thanks devs! This game is super fun and interesting but i feel that it is missing a certain feel. Everything feels kinda dead when you play it since the only music is the ambient western track and the battle western track and i feel that if they added more music and sound effects it would make the game SO much better. Overall i feel the game is great but i REALLY think they should add more sounds besides gunshots and the two songs that repeat over and over the entire time.So yea, PLEASE PLEASE add more music/sound effects!!!"
76561198310042591,Recommended,285920,28779461,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr_Indigenous,"Great game and getting better with every new update, but one thing I found is that sometimes the game will freeze for a few seconds and then continue as normal. This gets really annoying when you are in the middle of s battle with another tech. (And it's not my computer cause it's pretty beefy and ran run the game in max graphics fine)"
76561198141731280,Recommended,285920,29154642,Posted: 9 January,all,connerconnercon,i am upset i cant play the game but i could play the demo until i deleted it because i had got the full game not knowing i coudint play the game but now i cant find the demo. i want to play the DEMO OK!
76561198086135124,Recommended,285920,29138700,Posted: 9 January,all,Biscut Man,this game is awsome and i can´t stopp playing it... but i have a problem a mission have been stuck in the mission log and i get i out of there if a dev see this pls help =(
76561198211091833,Recommended,285920,31835895,Posted: 19 May,all,ANZ,great game but gets boring after youve got every part and youve made a epic base
76561198354542386,Recommended,285920,31940814,Posted: 24 May,all,brandyfaulkner81,the game is ok but it crashs alot for me
76561198623455997,Recommended,285920,32027095,Posted: 28 May,all,Gamingborne,I have played the game before but it doesnt work on me it crashes when its loding and its fustrating but i recomend it.
,Recommended,285920,33539090,Posted: 14 July,all,Runes,if you like painstaking builds this game is for you you can pretty much make anything your comp can handle for campaign otherwise the othe modes are more for you i got to top rank for sumo and did a 1 min dash in the race and 3 mins in the rolling thunder so i would say this game is good even with the challanges as is
,Recommended,285920,33580958,Posted: 16 July,all,anobis,"The game has enough content and enjoyable gameplay as of now to be worth the $20-30 for sandbox lovers. Specifically people who enjoyed games like Besiege, Reassembly, and Space Engineers.There's base building, in game stores and currency, crafting, scrapping, missions, factory building, auto-mining, etc. The game has enough blocks, techs, guns and such to keep you grinding for hours on end to get better and better stuff for your Tech('s)."
76561198345202410,Recommended,285920,33573690,Posted: 15 July,all,Toxic waste,"for the love of god please add enemy ai in to craetive, without it its pointless"
76561198403703091,Recommended,285920,33548188,Posted: 14 July,all,elijahshaun2007,It's a really really good game I just got geo blocks it's really good
,Recommended,285920,33626360,Posted: 18 July,all,Gibberish,"Fantastic game. Anyone looking to buy It, think of Minecraft, Factorio and Robocraft all in one game; that game is TerraTech.There's so much you can do. No matter what type of player you are, from a murder hobo to a farmer, this game can accommodate your play-style.Would thoroughly recommend it. I payed full price for this and I feel it is worth every penny. 10/10"
76561198062108088,Recommended,285920,32359122,Posted: 11 June,all,BlackSilence,"If you like Lasagna, and aren't named Joseph Stalin.. than you're alright in my book.As for this game? pretty solid. No point, but a good time waster."
,Recommended,285920,32353980,Posted: 11 June,all,Superdude4567,"I'm bad at writing reviews, so i'll just say that I liked it... It's poorly optimized, but really fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,285920,32344472,Posted: 11 June,all,Contep,"Many bugs, but still a good game."
76561198151405805,Recommended,285920,32368632,Posted: 12 June,all,kimmik2bjacobs56,I love this game and it is a game were you can build and distroy I would recomended it for any kind of person.
,Recommended,285920,32367218,Posted: 12 June,all,AceOverU,i would like for you to add multiplayer it will be really cool to foght other people
76561198313773022,Recommended,285920,32376848,Posted: 12 June,all,Devin Septic YT,Very Good Game Could Use A Bit Of Tweaking For Bugs And Such Not But Otherwise Is A Great Purchase!!!
76561198019272048,Recommended,285920,32380217,Posted: 12 June,all,OdnamRa,Just need Multiplayer in open world
76561198099515955,Recommended,285920,17933831,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,focusmon,"welp, i bought this game with the R&B chamber expansion, to courage the developers of this game, around the start of this game i guess...where the megaton cannon was still EXP instead of GSO, i reviewed the old version of this game, wich had loads of potential, but now im writing the current state of this game....boy oh boy, i have so much fun around in this game, look at my hours...i'm a real time-spenderthe only thing that stayed from the older version is the way you start the basics XD!the rest of this are partened with missions and so-called ''tiers'' you need to achieve to get to more serious blocks, i like how they have implemented friendly techs aswell..protect them and learn more from them, especially CRAFY MIKE...''Kiddo Kiddo Kiddo'' i want more of those missions aswell, killing a bunch of techs tend to be boring after a while. also i think with new stuff we need more cool looking biomes aswell, the developers are active listening to their loyal comunity and thats a good thing, sometimes you are still recovering from the old invader and the new one is already happening, it goes so fast!!all in all, i'm hyped for the next part of this game, and i hope it will bring loads of funthanks for this beautifull game, Payload Studios9/10"
76561198241799974,Recommended,285920,17464007,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,lolerzmctrollerz,Good game
76561198350060500,Recommended,285920,32189648,Posted: 4 June,all,Nathan V.,Fun and Creative where you can open your minds to do anything.
76561198353345772,Recommended,285920,32119383,Posted: 1 June,all,seanrhannaman,it is a good game.but they need to install a pause buttonI DIED BECAUSE OF IT.
,Recommended,285920,32201486,Posted: 5 June,all,Agent Gizmo,"A very fun (and stable) game, i have played enough to level all licenses to max, and it's still fun. Controls aren't too bad (except for flying), and building seems simple. Crafting may seem complex, but crafty mike teaches it all.All hail Crafty Mike."
76561198350409976,Recommended,285920,32137935,Posted: 2 June,all,badisgood06,It's a great game.It has potential to be the next big thing!
,Recommended,285920,30182428,Posted: 25 February,all,BigB299,10/10 lit game. Would buy again.
76561198329994722,Recommended,285920,33328942,Posted: 6 July,all,cwjc98,"i love the game. but for some reason, after the last update the game crashes everytime i try to launch it. i have reinstalled it multiple times but it never wors now"
76561198386169904,Recommended,285920,33329922,Posted: 6 July,all,samiealswafta,fun game
76561198255173017,Recommended,285920,33254295,Posted: 4 July,all,Pur-Pur,one of the best games ever played
,Recommended,285920,33251699,Posted: 4 July,all,mauerhan,good.
,Recommended,285920,31099239,Posted: 12 April,all,GaudySquirrel,It made me punch my computer 10 out of 10 would recommend
76561198237319038,Recommended,285920,31106810,Posted: 12 April,all,ScrappedIdeas,flyiiinnn arrrouuunnnddd atttt theee sppeeedddd offf ssouuuuunnndd
76561198262254245,Recommended,285920,31162857,Posted: 15 April,all,vinnylax1,"AMAZING, I PLAYED THIS GAME 4 HOURS STRAIGHT JUST NOW"
76561198021572886,Recommended,285920,28854330,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ayylien,"Scratch that! My graphics card was having a massive error, and ended up deleting it's connection to my computer, I was running entirely off of my inregrated, this game is optimized rather well, and I am playing again! Woooo!"
76561198041605676,Recommended,285920,26776009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DarkDC,"If You like a building Games This is it .If you like shooting the crap out of your enemies  This is it.If you like exploring games This it.If you like managing resources This is it.If you like originality This is it .Do i need to say more I LOVE this game still early access but very , very promising.Also devs are listening to you if a change is needed on twich.tv with 3 times a week stream letting new stuff come up and your tech could be in the game for playing against it.So what do you need more .....ask them maybe they would change it in the next update............"
76561198335001661,Recommended,285920,31172610,Posted: 16 April,all,andrewbaker352,it is a really fun game
76561198131776238,Recommended,285920,31168447,Posted: 15 April,all,Oscar251,"Great game! The only problem is that in the start of the game when I go to get the solar generator, it isn't there. If anyone knows how to find it, please tell me."
76561198152803752,Recommended,285920,31176726,Posted: 16 April,all,JustoneSpade,"The game is pretty good. For me I have a kinda crappy laptop for this, getting a desktop. This game features:Multiplayer in the future (or when it comes out, right now)Constructable robots!Explosive weapons!Robotic destruction!The freedom to build aslong as you have the right stuff!Huge robot vs robot battles if you can make a huge robot!A dlc which gives you access to a dev talk, sandbox/testing chamber, and a creative mode gamemode!AI that can ( try to ) defend you!Harvesting stuff and turning it into cash by the refinery :^)Dlc sold $10. I don't have it but i've seen reviews, etc.Anyways, cons:Artificial Intelligence doesn't have much options or much of the Intelligence in it :/ The devs say they are working on it tho.Thats all :^>This game is for computers with a good gpu/cpu. I'll say that a dell inspiron is trash for this game without lowering it to a resolution where you can barely see good and it still has fps spikes then :P A desktop is better for this game or some computer laptop/desktop that has a good gpu/cpu together.Hope this review helps!Max graphics makes the game look beautiful, but I never get the chance to turn anything into max graphics cause my inspiron is crap :/ I very reccomend this game to all of your friends."
76561198269649073,Recommended,285920,31138825,Posted: 14 April,all,Mountainfalcon15,"This game is really fun to collect all the parts, but sometimes i'm right next to a trade station and i still can't get a mission. Any help with this problem?"
,Recommended,285920,24390553,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dolan49f,This game would be fun if Optimized a lot lot lot lot better.when you start getting bigger in this game it bogs down your computer fastThe worst part is the developers know its a an issue but will not fix this problem.Dont support this firm untill its optimized better.I can say that thru the recent months you have done a lot with the game. It is fun and creative.i still wish that the game could be optimized just a bit more.Keep up the good work!
76561198189660839,Recommended,285920,24138672,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DAT BOI,"gr8 use of money, great performance and usually fun gameplay"
,Recommended,285920,26585102,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,I AM MUDKIP,"I DO think this game was good. Not think, thought.It just won't load correctly and freezes for me on the menu.Any help? I have changed this, now it works!!!"
76561198131286727,Recommended,285920,24525961,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Chairdolf Sitler,"When I got the game I could play it normally but I struggled to start and continue the game so I didn't play for a while.Since the 0.6.2 update came out I haven't been able to play. I might just be unlucky though.Edited:This problem has been fixed in the 0.7.2.1 update. Besides the very old problem stated above that has happened to me Terra Tech is an innovative game that I have never seen anywhere else. You build your own vehicle and while you find other vehicles in the game you can defeat those enemies, collect the pieces left over and upgrade your vehicle. There are 4 different types of parts in the game that are very different."
76561198135079615,Recommended,285920,30270851,Posted: 1 March,all,Fluffy™,"This game is under my radar for 9 months now and I must say, It went from good game to the Best Awesome Game!!! TT is special. this game got no other game with the same Idea as this. Hope We will have Creative Mode which we will have unlimited access to the blocks that we can easily get from the main story for testing out."
76561198084707835,Recommended,285920,29076181,Posted: 6 January,all,Argonwolf,"Note: Obviously, all info is only as up to date as this review's posted/last edit date.TerraTech is a simple and cartoonish sandbox game, one of many created during the sandbox fever that gripped Steam so recently. You build vehicles from parts you get by killing other vehicles, and the campaign is one giant endless gladiator match where you shoot enemies, steal stuff, do missions, level up, rinse and repeat. Each part belongs to one of four corporate factions, with most of them having one particular aspect of the game they do very well:GSO - Starter faction, very balanced with a bit of everythingVenture Company - Exploration and mobilityGeoCorp - Heavy mining and industrial processing equipmentHawkeye Private Military Company - Advanced weapons and combatThe faction a part belongs to only influences its paint job and which missions you might unlock it by doing. Every part can be used on every vehicle, and not even the AI enemies tend to stick to one faction's parts when spawning in. I have found that the best build results from mixing all factions in approximately equal numbers, though for specific jobs I'll go with the company that does it best.You wander around an infinitely procedurally generated, and honestly extremely bland and boring world full of resources, enemies and treasure scattered in such a uniform manner that exploration for fun is almost completely pointless. If you've seen one square mile of this world, you've seen the whole thing.This leaves the main fun aspect of this game on building and fighting. I play this game fairly frequently because I rather enjoy the freedom of mixing and matching parts and fighting my own way. I consider this to be the game's one redeeming quality, as without the construction system TerraTech would be insufferably dull. However, even this gets tedious after a while, because though there are lots of parts, most of them are redundant. For example, Payload Studios seems to think that the one thing us gamers have a raging hard-on for is headlights. To wit, there are about 12 different light blocks in the game, across all factions, and pretty much all of them are just ""shine in a cone in one direction"" deals. I could almost forgive them for this if lights had ANY BEARING ON GAMEPLAY, but not only are nights never, EVER dark enough to require you to use lights, they're all so damned short-ranged you couldn't possibly make any constructive use of them anyway.Missions are as grindy as they get, and reek of extremely basic random generation. Go here, shoot a guy, get a crate drop of♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't ♥♥♥♥ing need because you've already got 3000 max-tier GeoCorp heavy armor blocks from shooting the useless hulking masses of free resource this game calls enemies.There is exactly one point in the game I felt that I accomplished something major, that I had truly advanced, and that was when I got the Megaton Cannon for the first time. A Megaton cannon is a weapon from the GSO that takes up a 2x2x2 cube of space and inflicts psychotic damage in a game full of mediocre pea-shooting lasers and mortars with 20 feet of range that never hit. Once I had them, I was never again challenged in a fight. I've made all my kills with them since then, and have never had any need to change my craft to do anything better.The fact that weapons aim themselves, and you can't control them manually even if you wanted to, is cancerous in a game that already lacks combat depth.Despite being overpowered and able to one-shot most enemy techs (the name for vehicles in this game), I still had to spend hours grinding through boring missions to very slowly earn XP and unlock higher-tier parts. In addition, the order in which you unlock parts is completely arbitrary and often rage-inducing. Sure, it's good the best weapons are difficult to unlock, but why in the hell do we have to wait until we've killed 500 GSO techs before we unlock basic flight gear. Venture Co actually won't give you hover plates until you've maxed out your xp on them. Hover plates. For hovercraft. Things that might be useful 10 minutes after you start the game, but have no damned business taking 10 hours to unlock.To unlock a faction, you first have to have an encounter with them, which gives you the Tier 1 license. These encounters are incredibly rare and the game gives you no indication as to how you can work toward getting that faction faster. You're just halfheartedly slapped in the face and told to go grind for a few hours while the RNG decides when you get to have fun doing what you want to do.That's probably one of the biggest problems I have with this game. No matter how good you are or how hard you try to do one particular thing, the game forces you along an awkward and random progression path if you ever hope to build big techs. The combat is some of the weakest I've ever seen, with auto-aiming weapons missing constantly if the enemy has the good sense to move half an inch per second. None of the weapons have tactical niches that make them better in some situations over others, the exact depth of weapon strategy in this game is ""melee weapons are strong, ranged weapons have range."" And again, post-Megaton cannon, forget about trying ever again.Before anyone thinks that I'm raging off because I haven't given the game enough of a chance, I say to you that 20+ hours is plenty. I've fully unlocked all factions except Hawkeye, which I have only one tier left to unlock. This game is simply not ready to be called a full game yet.This is to the developers. I can admit that I had fun with it, but this game needs a LOT more work before it's ready, so I can't recommend it at the moment.Retool your old factions to make them actually interesting. Give us the chance to decide what path we want to take, so if we want airplanes before factories we can damn well have them. Overhaul the combat so it's actually interesting to fight enemies. Stop filling the world with gigantic wimp enemies that give you thousands of dollars of resource after a one-shot kill. Optimization is also dreadfully necessary as the framerate declines rapidly after playing for a time. Make terrain generation interesting so we can explore and actually enjoy the experience.You've created such a broad foundation for what could be one of the most interesting and creative video games ever made, but after all the time you've put into it it would seem that you haven't focused on depth, which is what it really needs.EDIT 1 | March 9, 2017A handful of updates have been released and I noticed the game's running better on my computer. There's also some new mission variety, and the massive oversaturation of parts from giant enemies has been mitigated by making parts less likely to survive being part of a craft that is destroyed. The dev team shows no sign of slowing down, so though I'm not ready to recommend I think it's worth mentioning that the game is constantly improving. If they follow through with their vision, I can't imagine I won't change to a positive review.EDIT 2 | April 17, 2017Creative mode has been added, and I'm officially ready to recommend this game. The old paid-for sandbox mode is still there and, in most ways, still worth checking out for those who want to support the devs. But allowing people who bought just the normal game to experience creative fun is, in my eyes, an overdue but still greatly welcome addition that proves Payload studios didn't actually intend to lock content behind a paywall, instead providing early experimental weapons to people willing to give more financial support, a move I believe to be in good faith. Excellent to know the devs still care, and despite being far from perfect I now heartily recommend the game to anyone who likes creative, under-development games with developers who don't give up on their ideas and loads of great things to come."
76561198225818864,Recommended,285920,30310211,Posted: 4 March,all,Biggie Cheese,this is a great game where you can truly create techs that are custom made for you by you.This game has great potential and the developers truly care for their game.10/10 would bang again
76561198172710579,Recommended,285920,30241772,Posted: 28 February,all,brenbranger,"Very fun, lots of updates always better than the last."
,Recommended,285920,20952420,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mouse,"I love the flying challenges! Like legos that fly! Very cool game! Broke my own rule about buying early access for this game, and I don't regret it!"
,Recommended,285920,30376625,Posted: 7 March,all,Slynk,Very impressed by this game
76561197974806389,Recommended,285920,30360468,Posted: 6 March,all,Batman,I enjoy it
76561198087830219,Recommended,285920,30532138,Posted: 15 March,all,JJ,good but needs a createive mode
,Recommended,285920,31455315,Posted: 29 April,all,Screwbles,Real life?  I've never heard of that block.
76561198384078351,Recommended,285920,31466539,Posted: 30 April,all,batmanyah611,My terratech is not loading in
,Recommended,285920,31489395,Posted: 1 May,all,☆ Ihic ☆,Ok.. Let me straight for this...MAKE THE MASSIVE MULTIPLAYER VERSUS GAME MODE !!!This will be hardcore a lot of fun :D
76561198352589862,Recommended,285920,31490953,Posted: 1 May,all,thtubehd,theres not enough space to say how good this game is in the review box but heres a number rateing 10/10
76561197978816059,Recommended,285920,31486938,Posted: 1 May,all,moondawn04,This is one of the most fun games i have played in a long time. it is the first game in many years that i actually lost track of time playing. if you love building stuff and blowing stuff up then this is the game for you lol. and don't let the early access tag scare you i have only had a couple of small bugs that were fixed by reloading the game.
,Recommended,285920,18448258,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,VNDL_Kapper,"Great game, buggy when I bought it initially, but devs seem to care about the project. I love the new creative mode - really lets you get to know the game a lot less painfully.I've no reason to regret this purchase, worth keeping in my library."
76561198039943618,Recommended,285920,31539409,Posted: 4 May,all,DEADLYMIKKA,Very fun sandbox game
76561198056736576,Not Recommended,285920,24294755,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zenieth,"I talked to one of the devs on Jul 16 2016, i was talking to them about multiplayer, and they said they will be doing it.  It still isnt a option in the game which might be hard to do, but be an investment towards the game....  If any devs see this please tell me if your working on multiplayer atm, if your not working on multiplayer, please make note.My opinion on this game so far is bad, if they do implement multiplayer, more people will play and make the community happier and the game better."
,Recommended,285920,31737849,Posted: 13 May,all,WaterP,This game is great fun for anyone getting into the world of gaming! It shows how fun a game can be and I had fun playing this due to its feature of endless playing. Defintley recommended to any indie tycoon!
,Recommended,285920,31862282,Posted: 20 May,all,Oiff,This game is a whole heap of fun and the developers keep adding more to it :)Definitely worth the price.
76561198273666261,Recommended,285920,31877576,Posted: 21 May,all,NatsuDragneelo1,Its a good game to play and alot of peple agree i also agree but it is really slow i have ran the game for likr 15 minz and it still hasent loaded if u think thats a short amount of time then i am inpatient but it is really slow and i dont have anything else running on my laptop
,Recommended,285920,31773262,Posted: 15 May,all,Castle Bravo,"I love it, who ever says it sucks has mental issues"
76561198314469982,Recommended,285920,31781654,Posted: 15 May,all,XeXenophobic,fun
,Recommended,285920,31879580,Posted: 21 May,all,SuperDudeHD,Great Game!
76561198285755585,Recommended,285920,31861880,Posted: 20 May,all,tholgor,the game is good but every time i play it it crashis
,Recommended,285920,31876850,Posted: 21 May,all,Little Engineer,This game is GREAT!!!SCU keeps getting blocks stuck behind others though9/10
,Recommended,285920,31879822,Posted: 21 May,all,Nader,"Great game, but entity despawn should be a thing. After playing for a while and working your way through the campaign the FPS lag starts to get real. I have a 1080 and I'm only getting 16FPS right now."
76561198258086041,Recommended,285920,31881213,Posted: 21 May,all,mastermalina | gamekit.com,amazing!!
76561198271044056,Recommended,285920,31824584,Posted: 18 May,all,HECK,Great progression
,Recommended,285920,30095492,Posted: 22 February,all,918 Spyder,You can get in action packed battles in this game worth it.......8/10
,Recommended,285920,30100544,Posted: 22 February,all,RockeT,it's a fun game and I like that you can drive around and build basser here and there.
76561198304841017,Recommended,285920,31029520,Posted: 8 April,all,DarkArchers25,Great game so fun to play! recomened this game for creative people
76561198047310642,Recommended,285920,29659476,Posted: 2 February,all,jpinion,I can't get venture stuff.
,Recommended,285920,29660929,Posted: 2 February,all,cori6487,"this game is better than i expected has good gameplay,  and i dont even have the minmum specs and it still runs good"
76561198036883186,Recommended,285920,29637288,Posted: 1 February,all,iraben,"I love this game, Something about starting off small and then developing bigger and better techs is just a lot of fun. Starting off with the smallest little base and working and improving until you build a base with all kind of various things to suit your needs. It's just a lot of fun. Exploring the desert late at night with a vehicle that you purpose built for expeditions. It's the kind of game that I always thought I would enjoy."
76561198098774724,Recommended,285920,29617800,Posted: 31 January,all,Odin,Best game i own.  If you played with legos when you were a kid you'll love it.  Perfect game that should only get better
76561198122199044,Recommended,285920,29578010,Posted: 29 January,all,Awesome13579135,"This is a great game, but it it is in desperate need of a multiplayer function. I haven't really touched this game in kind of a while, but I will touch it again once they add those new corporations that they promised. Also, this game better have something unique going for it soon, or scrap mechanic might just overshadow it if they get their survival mode released and worked out. All in all, a pretty good game. One last thing...More music please!!! I do not want to listen to the same loop of ""epic western sounding space song"" over and over again."
,Recommended,285920,30007566,Posted: 18 February,all,daringxxdooxx,hey hope you get this i thought it would be cool if each refinery had its own special quality like gso is  normal based  geo has better quality [sells more]  vencher have a faster speed same with cannons?
,Recommended,285920,30000525,Posted: 17 February,all,firelement16,"I love this game. This game is a great game for people who like to start with nothing and build up to be the best. This game has so much stuff to do and it is only a beta so that means that it still will improve. I would recomend this to anybody who wants a game that is a little unique and is open world with no set goals exept some missions,"
,Recommended,285920,30014179,Posted: 18 February,all,MScott38,Some good sh!t right here.
76561198272734529,Recommended,285920,30017716,Posted: 18 February,all,mckittens20,i love this game and have been following it since release and got it and was suprised of the updates and what there are doing to the game.
76561198273726366,Recommended,285920,29994838,Posted: 17 February,all,chapman.hollie.n,"I hope your game grows to be the most populaur, most money making gamelol small scroll bar"
76561198030702555,Recommended,285920,29998909,Posted: 17 February,all,Porcupine,"Great game, I just wish there was a bit more difficulty in mining/etc.When you discover a trading station, you can sell blocks/tech/etc. whole.  There's no reason to get an orbital canon (despite the fact you discover the trading station earlier, since it's part of the basic missions you need to get any tech/etc.).You get paid more for full tech blocks, then the resources, so the whole idea of mining, refining, etc. becomes entirely moot.TL;DR:  I wish you actually had a reason to refine/mine materials/etc.  You shouldn't be able to endlessly sell stuff at the trading station."
,Recommended,285920,29277931,Posted: 15 January,all,Zero CSGODUCK.Com,this game is good but TerraTech palyers would want more things then sginal player mods other people would like muiltipalyer games where  u could have a 1v1 with your friends or you could be helping out in the same sever making big techs  and all that. I would recommend it to plays that dont get bord of playing just in snigal player mods.
,Recommended,285920,29279413,Posted: 15 January,all,Pipa11223,"nice game, makes fun but has a lot of bugs that need to be fixed"
,Recommended,285920,14359052,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"Its alright, good consept, ok execution, nice little time waster, just dont expect your next 100hour+ game and you will enjoy yourselfedit: has improved immensly in a short amount of time. developers actively working. one of the good early access games, well played.edit 2: seriously im getting towards 100 hours, how wrong was i about this game. constant and consistant updates, extremely responsive developers, they seem to always be lurking around different places to actively find people with issues instead of waiting for people with issues to come to them, i cant rate this game highly enough, i cant rate the support hightly enough, and i cant rate the community highly enough. if your burnt out and fed up with crap early access games, cancer communities and sh*tty lieing cheating angry devs, do yourself a favour and put you faith back in to early access by getting this game.Top game"
,Recommended,285920,16527683,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jinx,"Review from game version 0.7.3.5PROS:-big universe-all variety of parts and blocks-simple tutorial when starting ''story mode''-all variety of enemies-Devs constantly adding new cool stuff-Challenges (non story mode)-Freebuild (R&D Room and Creative Mode)-World seeds to share good worlds-some blocks are free to buy in story mode-Devs who listen the players-creative mode-multiplayer (on its way)-constant updating of the game to improve it-no size/complexion limit on techs (so you can build mobile bases aswell)CONS:-coloring/painting the blocks-lack of water in biomes-most enemies are overpowered gunbeds-overpowered gunbeds causing lag-you'll die alot because of those gunbeds-some physics are weird (random floating objects like rocks)-no toggleable AI/manual aim for shooting-Some WAY TOO overpowered invaders/bosses-needs more control options (like custom key mapping)-camera derps ALOT at the times-enemies rush on you most of the time..-enemies will chase you way too long-AI is not the brightest and often gets left behind or gets stuck-You're dead-You're dead again-You're dead because the same NPC stalks on the spawn-random lag spikes-want share you creations? ''GET TWITTER HURR DURR'' (most of us would be just fine with workshop, duh!)-lack of settings IN GAME-no creative mode on multiplayer (waiting multiplayer to be implement in the game aswell!)"
,Not Recommended,285920,15287808,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,gMaImNeDs,"While they're adding fun updates like creative and some interesting mini-games, they've recently been devastating campaign, which is mostly all I play. In 7.3.5 onwards, the beta before 7.4, resources no longer respawn, components only add tedium to the crafting process, and what's worse is this comes with a major nerf to all trading stations that extremely limits whatever you buy from any station obscenely.Previous Review from around 2015:This game has been a big part of my life these last five days, as I have spent more time in a week playing this game than most americans spend working, one bout of playing it having kept me up more than 24 hours. 65 total hours in five days.-GameplayDuring those hours I found myself challenged, having to adapt and learn, while also benefiting from my creativity and ingenuity, be it making my base be a sentry-base hybrid so that my one sentry would always turn to be be between my important stuff and trespassers, or using massive hover propellors to lift the front end of a vehicle for angling a long range artillery shot with those big, beautiful, EXP mortars. Creativity, ingenuity, planning, and knowing when to be bold or be careful are key, as this world is relentlessly relentless. It even has a good combat system that rewards those who plan their tactics and vehicle out in relation to their foe(s)!-GraphicsGoing into the game, the graphics were good enough for me, but yet I always found myself using the fastest setting due to how resource intensive big bases can be. Besides, I never focus as much on the eye candy so much as the actual, playable content.-AudioSimple, and still lacking sounds for many aspects of the game, with only two tracks I know of that I nickname ""Cowboy"" and ""Drunken Cowboy Broken Beer Bottle Brawl"". I don't mind too much, as they're probably focusing on bugs instead for the time being, this game itself being early access.-ControlsForward, backward, left, right, shift for hover pads/rockets, click'n'drag, and double click another of your vehicles to switch to it. 'Bout it. When it comes to how your vehicle controls, it's all on you and how you design it.As for the stability of this game, I'd say it's best to relax, have some patience, or wait for them to fix up what's going on in the background. Early access and all that. Regardless, I've found a fun platform for unleashing all my little, devilish vehicles upon all the unsuspecting victims, ""Invaders"" included, as they get flipped right over by creations half their size, then have their bellies gutted so I can mount their 'parts' on my car. Who knew a game appropriate for kids could be so wonderfully vicious?I find this game thoroughly fun, and quite replayable. Also, why does the yes recommendation have only a one thumb option? Oh well, I give it two thumbs up anyway."
01100100011000010,Recommended,285920,31527755,Posted: 3 May,all,Len Kagamine,Minecraft: Battle bots Edition10/10 even for beta.
,Recommended,285920,30360660,Posted: 6 March,all,Falco,still in development proccess due to lack of features but playable and fun ... sometimes .....here are your options :1. get annihilated by a superior tech2. you block spam till you are unkillable3. be a capitalist and blow up everything in 100 mile radius4. pray that this game had artileryseriously we need artilery guys
,Recommended,285920,18236809,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,MrCatUa,played it year before and dont liked it but they fixed averything!
76561198175928135,Recommended,285920,31398134,Posted: 27 April,all,blablabla,"3 Words:fun, fun and fun.Cant say more sorryJust buy it and have some FUN"
,Recommended,285920,31890718,Posted: 21 May,all,Baconader,"I first saw this game on youtube and got the demo.later, I got the full version.I like the game and i'm exited for multiplayer and other cool features of future updates"
,Recommended,285920,31893279,Posted: 21 May,all,Genji,"I enjoy the game and I spend most of the time in the RnD Test Chamber. One thing I would like to see added is harvest mode back for the AI modules. It would lead to new designs for the community to create, as I myself made a harvester AI to find that there was no harvest mode. Of course the harvesting would take some time to playtest and I would happily wait for it. All in all, The game is good for you to show your creativity and share battle designs with others in the hopes that yours is the best yours is the best,"
,Recommended,285920,31891308,Posted: 21 May,all,ELC_AMX_FTW,"this game is amazing, it has taken so many dull hours home alone and turned them into a great creative experience, GET THIS GAME"
76561198272976171,Recommended,285920,31891534,Posted: 21 May,all,GeneralGrant,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!! This is one of my favorite games of all time! However, I would like there to be an option to play on a world with my friends. Other than that, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,285920,31905772,Posted: 22 May,all,KING,i like the game but i would like to see a coop mode campain
76561198193874599,Recommended,285920,31496779,Posted: 1 May,all,epicghostboy,cool lit fam
,Recommended,285920,31403037,Posted: 27 April,all,Tanklover,"I've played this game nonstop for 6 hours its amazing, I love that you start from nothing and work your way up to be this unstopable master for war xD"
76561197961764358,Recommended,285920,31403500,Posted: 27 April,all,. [ the dreaded dot ],"In my short period of play time thus far this game feels like factorio meets battlemech games like robocraft.You can set up belts and such to transfer your goods to storage spaces, factories and such to build things like factorio.Like robocraft you build your ""tech"" (aka robot/mech) out of blocks and such, but unlike robocraft you build your tech on the fly in realtime.It's an awesome game if you enjoy either type of game. Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,285920,31405184,Posted: 27 April,all,sG | Dakka,"FINALLY! AN ""Open World Survival"" GAME THAT IS FUN!!What makes it so fun is that there really isn't an ""end game"" and you can grow to massive sizes and create bases that not only defy physics, but have them be 3 dimensional in the case of the factories you can make with conveyor belts that go up and down!I would buy it now to see it grow into something much larger."
,Recommended,285920,31442197,Posted: 29 April,all,N E A R H A N,"Coming from Robocraft this game does have similarities: Build your own vehicles, slap weapons on them and wage war with them. Except Robocraft has a more PvP aspect to it I think, and doesn't have the resource gathering aspect as much as TerraTech has. So, is it good? Well, kinda.Controls are simple. WASD to move, and Space to shoot. Aiming's auto-aim though, which could be a blessing or a curse. Mouse is for block manipulation. B is to levitate your creation via a tractor beam for easier construction. Do note that your creation is tied to the driver cab, so if you accidentally detach it, the rest of the tech falls apart. Thankfully there's an undo button for it.So you start with a small, basic design. Few blocks, a cabin, a peashooter. You start killing enemies, salvage their parts, maybe dabble in the 'missions' a bit. By missions, I mean objectives you can fulfill by doing X thing. Mostly they consist of taking out enemy techs. But once in a while, especially the missions involving that robot dude (the one that flies away after finishing his quest) involves resource gathering. Along the way you can supplement your income by harvesting raw resource and selling them. Put enough hours and you'll end up with a badass 16-tracked ATGM-equipped monster bristling with side mounted cannons. And then...you're done.Parts wise, the blocks are divided into several categories. These have an emphasis on certain traits. For example, the yellow ones (the ones that look like construction equipment) value durability, whilst the red, white and blue ones value speed and lightness. The black ones...just look badass. Maybe firepower is their virtue seeing as they are end-game material. The blocks are unlocked as you gain xp for killing A.I. techs of a certain category. Construction techs yield xp for their category level and so forth. Another option is to just go out on a killing spree and just kill enemies and take their stuff. After a while, it gets same-y, with nothing to spice things up. You'll grow too strong and then wonder what to do next. I haven't dabbled in the other modes yet, but I'll assume with some gameplay tweaks the core gameplay is pretty much the same.Game gets laggy once you killed a lot of techs though, as all the debris created from destroying them still stay and won't despawn. Maybe its just me being a bloodthirsty tech operator.Interesting game, honestly, although I'm not too sure if it's still actively developed. Try to pick this up for a discounted price if you can, though."
,Recommended,285920,31459327,Posted: 30 April,all,Killer Penguin,"TerraTech is a very good game with good grahics and a good set of controls. It has some problems especially the boss mechanism. In all, very good game, good community. Keep it up with the updates!"
,Recommended,285920,31473937,Posted: 30 April,all,🐺King Fenris🐺,After years of playing games I tend to have high expectations. I also don't like making reviews because i tend to come off badly or hatefull and sometimes just plain rude but this game i can say with all my heart has never let me down. I know theres a lot of bugs but lets be fair no game is perfect and when have you heard of a game with 0 bugs. I've watched this game grow right from its first day and have had some problems with it glitching and failing but did i have a bad time with this game? No I say I had a wonderfull time and still do. i love how understanding the devs are and how they built this game from the ground up to make an original idea. people like to judge games by how many bugs and what it doesn't have. I look at what it does have and what it could be not what it should be. because i think the only true way to have a good time in games is to find something that you already like not complain about what a game should have and other people get it to that the awsome part. games like this bring our comunity together and we can all have fun sure bugs are game breaking but isnt that what makes games a game? its fun to find the bugs so they can later get fixed and if you ever plaid a good old game you know there the funny bugs that game provide us with a good ol laugh I would suggest this game but I'm not saying to get it I'm saying its really fun and a good time dom't just read a review and deside go and watch some videos and see for yourself if you would like it instead of just playing untill you see a bug and think its a bad game If not for the graphics then for the gamplay and mechanics. The devs work hard to please us and give us what we want but they want it to fit with the game and be canon to the theme I have supported this game and always will but this is just my opinion. Hope i can be of some help.
,Recommended,285920,31897333,Posted: 22 May,all,RaihanWD,Need to fix more glitch for the future..This game is good for engine and sandbox feature...Love it !
,Recommended,285920,34624630,Posted: 30 August,all,coolconrad10,"a very good game, and very creative! but again, my PC couldnt handle it. too laggy for my pc, reccomended for players with good PC's."
,Recommended,285920,32728327,Posted: 24 June,all,otokoyo,"LOVE the modularity of this game, I do. Despite my minor critiques below, the game is overall wonderful.Great for building-oriented gamers and the vehicle vs vehicle combat is pretty great.Requests/issues:I do wish the devs would add the ability to see the weight(Kg) and HP of my vehicles.Please add toggle shields & toggle repair fieldsAlso, devs I LOVE that your mission distances are in KM, but the speed ratings are still in MPH, mildly infuriating, please convert fully to metric and offer a regressive 'imperial units' checkbox if you must keep silly units.REALLY need to be able to better manage saved cheicle blueprints.Wish you'd bring back the giant yellow solar panels.Why isn't the venture (or hawkeye at least) cab equipped with an altimiter standard?When will we get space parts/stargates?!"
,Recommended,285920,19641773,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,"Jamesthe1, The Mann of Crits","Now that I have more knowledge of this game, it's quite fun to play. Each tech is unique, and the game encourages you to battle them. The developers have added new systems to make the game easier to understand, such as fabrication recipes and the ability to choose the missions you want. Once you discover a new block, it is automatically discovered and will be added to the known blocks list.However, this game can become repetitive at times. Resource missions get boring easily, and the game just seems to be going at a slower pace than it did before.I'd give this game a 7.8/10. Entertaining but not as energetic as the previous versions."
76561198075493453,Recommended,285920,33777300,Posted: 24 July,all,ryan.fish86,"At first it was buggy and decent. Then More features were added and the Game became Unstable. Now Since my recent experience, it has become stable, fun, and a bit more challenging. Great Job to the Team, Just wish I could resurrect some of my builds."
76561198193389741,Not Recommended,285920,29629184,Posted: 1 February,all,minetime43,devs runined it
76561198329722997,Recommended,285920,33974354,Posted: 2 August,all,PurpleFireX,LIT
76561198361283124,Recommended,285920,34068816,Posted: 6 August,all,Exploration_Gaming,It is a brilliant game but to make it that 5 star perhaps they could make it so that you can add mods to the game. All in all i rate a 4 and a half out of 5!
76561198225470124,Recommended,285920,34072221,Posted: 6 August,all,Myblockbuilder,this game is great and ive loved it if you like grinding and crafting and long term games get it but i would say to wait maybe if your not sure on that cuase im still waiting for multiplayer and there is going to be more added the devs have a small team so it might take some time i really hope this game goes forward
,Recommended,285920,33991423,Posted: 3 August,all,Reckless,"A really nice game, i was playing it for 96 hours and i think its really good.I really recommend buying it."
,Recommended,285920,33694985,Posted: 21 July,all,thesuperkitty9000,I think anyone who likes building and blowing thing up should get this game. its worth every penny. i bought the DLC for it. SOO MUCH FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
,Recommended,285920,34038234,Posted: 5 August,all,Gezzuk,Love this game well worth the money could do with an option to add bots to creative mode and a multiplayer side then it would be perfection keep up the good work devs :)
76561198089707514,Recommended,285920,34339796,Posted: 18 August,all,Molle,The game is really good and fun to play BUT!! WE NEED MULTIPLAYER/CO:OP!!
76561198283683283,Recommended,285920,34361236,Posted: 19 August,all,boopid2,Great game
76561198207603087,Recommended,285920,34401553,Posted: 21 August,all,bacon,"Love this game, it gets better with every update"
76561198356083487,Recommended,285920,33936435,Posted: 31 July,all,toasted777,a very great game i have lots of fun and it has so much u can do with it i say its the best for peps ho like to build and destroy/but good game m8
,Recommended,285920,33288278,Posted: 5 July,all,wazz_up_dog,"Game is really fun, plenty of missions, infinite vehicle combos, and a well balanced crafting system."
,Recommended,285920,33953543,Posted: 1 August,all,AllensFish,An amazing game!   Just do not know what to say.   probs one of my Top fave games!  Keep it up Devs!
76561198200855966,Recommended,285920,17571189,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Aaron G,A good game to play when you're bored. The devs seem to be committed to developing the game. (Last time I played the game was boring and very laggy for my beefy PC).
,Recommended,285920,33978981,Posted: 2 August,all,Dehaka,yasss
76561198160013869,Recommended,285920,31759071,Posted: 14 May,all,crep,this is a fun game
76561198321161234,Recommended,285920,34224319,Posted: 13 August,all,Poopfartabc,A very addicting game...If you combine Legos with robots you will get this sandbox/survival game!There are many ways to play and lots of fun to be had!I recommend this game!
,Recommended,285920,34224034,Posted: 13 August,all,...,"this games is/was my bread and butterpros- easy to learn the controls- updates have been going well- entire new faction added a long time ago (hawkeye)- focusing mainly on hawkeye, geocorp and venture- you start with the weakest faction and get stronger with factions- game has some texture packs- alot to offer- youtuber references- lights- day/night cycle(lots of games dont have this)- world is almost infinite- you can run or fight- missions are available- has creative mode and research and delopment test chamber that allows you to build anything- challenge modes- pros outweigh cons- coloured blocks allow imagination- tutorial- skip tutorial if you've already done the tutorial- pve robocraft- better than minecraft- guns- lasers- drills- plasma cutters- saw- payload terminal for all factions- different blocks gives different statscons- old buying system was removed(infinite buying)- enemys depend on the level you are(tiny scout at level 5 gso=level 5 gso enemys)- ai circling you are annoying af- no modding support- no option to use old buying system with modern ui- little to no mods- gives you no life"
76561198080132313,Recommended,285920,34239108,Posted: 14 August,all,Maverick,"Remember how good Banjo Kazooie Nuts and Bolts was on the Xbox 360? If you do, then buy this game just trust me."
76561198210374740,Recommended,285920,34251333,Posted: 15 August,all,Wotto,"Very fun and addictive! Great for kids and adults. With unlimited building possibilities and amazing gameplay, you will never get bored!"
76561198165001145,Recommended,285920,34261017,Posted: 15 August,all,vertigo-007,"This is a very fun game and will leave you wandering it's great expanses for hours. It's based more on base building, then go out foraging and returning. There are some mobile components currently but wish there were more of them."
76561198166235405,Recommended,285920,34785464,Posted: 6 September,all,AKDRER,a great game. the only thing i would like to be added is multiplayer.
76561198397587097,Recommended,285920,34774441,Posted: 6 September,all,ale hau hau,=]
76561198359982209,Recommended,285920,34666377,Posted: 1 September,all,michaelmusinov,For some reason i cant shoot my guns and the only thing that works is my drills so i really just ram people now.Other than this glitch which hasnt happened to me before this game is great and i really recommend it.
,Recommended,285920,34696398,Posted: 2 September,all,Weegee,"This game has very great potential and is like an upgraded version of Minecraft/Terraria. Even in its early stage, its very addicting and fun. It has powerful weapons which you can use to go ape on enemies alike, and you can even fly with the right build.There are a few downsides to it though:-AI for enemies is bland and simple- Non-Anchored AI modules do absolutely nothing on follow mode right now.-Can get boring without multiplayer.However, the positives do crush the negatives:+Tons of blocks+Tons of weapons+Easy to learn how to play, hard to master the game itself.+3 seperate gamemodes (including R&T Test Chamber)+Ability to save creations+Crafting and shop systems+Frequent UpdatesIn the end, this game somewhat reminds me of Spore (am I the only one that remembers that old game?). But, unlike Spore, it has even more potential to really take off and become one of the best sandbox games out there. And, unlike Spore, it is incomplete- and already is amazing. I daresay that this game WILL top all the other sandbox games out there like Minecraft, Terraria, and even Spore!"
76561198039709014,Recommended,285920,27347324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bombr,"Game is great, but FPS drops are so horrible, its impossible to enjoy late game. When your giant tech meets enemy giant tech and both start firing, game fps drop close to unplayable.Edit: Game still isnt optimized, it seems to run even slower now.Game started to spawn huge techs, with loads of weapons, in big groups, making game completely unplayable, just getting close to them drops your game to 1 fps.As bonus, scrappers no longer work on moving vehicles. This either end with tons of blocks laying around, punishing your FPS even with nobody around. Dropping your storage blackhole every 30 seconds to suck all items in, or dragging them with magnet to your base, everytime you had defeated enemy. Either way annoying and tedious.Im going to wait until is out of early access. Knowing how games work on steam these days, its probably never. :)EDIT 1: developer seems to be working on their game, unusual for early access games. Good job."
,Recommended,285920,34806574,Posted: 7 September,all,jackrat639,OMG i love this game but what they shold add is BOATS that wold be awsome L()()()()()()()()()(()()()K <------- developers
76561198104949077,Recommended,285920,34845480,Posted: 9 September,all,=WL= Captain Engi,This is an amazing game and anyone who likes games like minecraft or some others i think this game if for you.
76561198073280139,Recommended,285920,34899988,Posted: 12 September,all,HicccupHater,Great fun and very helpful devs
76561198389183748,Recommended,285920,34887568,Posted: 11 September,all,cpt_thomas_cruise,"this game is a good 9.5 out of 10 it already has tonnes of content that can keep you satisfied for hours i loved making different ""techs "" for mining, fighting and racing the spending hours building a fort (base) that could withstand a massive attack you gotta get this"
,Recommended,285920,34867570,Posted: 10 September,all,PatrickMC06,This game is soooooo fun! I love it! hopefully you can get mutiplayer working! :3
,Recommended,285920,34869960,Posted: 10 September,all,Dthaw,"Fun for few hours, gets boring after you get stuck in a learning curve."
76561198311482897,Recommended,285920,34954868,Posted: 14 September,all,timwolffgramm,this is only getting better
76561198181027921,Recommended,285920,34912376,Posted: 12 September,all,jonquilcowboy,10/10
,Recommended,285920,35003899,Posted: 16 September,all,festivneer,5% glitches5% block cleanup at bad times20% spam70& heat seeking rockets
,Recommended,285920,35010332,Posted: 16 September,all,JABBA69R,"It's a fun little game still being developed using the unity engine, worth checking out if you have the time."
76561197964349132,Recommended,285920,35142861,Posted: 22 September,all,cadetpirx,"Man,I really want to do missions in creative mode! Maybe you should add that for me,would you?"
76561198348802965,Recommended,285920,35131370,Posted: 22 September,all,HL,从来没有见过一款可以让我上瘾到这种程度的游戏   大赞    玩不腻的  游戏内容很多 虽然有些东西需要改进 但毕竟还在开发总的来说是一款非常好的游戏👌🏻
76561198279931223,Not Recommended,285920,34940193,Posted: 13 September,all,T Side,"This game needs updates. some of the quest are a bit hard to complete when your becoming more ""well knowing"" to the game because there are stronger techs than you"
76561198345420734,Recommended,285920,28316687,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Destruction Corvin,It Works Perfectly!
76561198187323629,Recommended,285920,35300581,Posted: 29 September,all,gamer spy,yes
,Recommended,285920,35310029,Posted: 29 September,all,CJtankster,10/10
,Recommended,285920,35194361,Posted: 24 September,all,BlitzLego,it's a good game so far. Can't wait to see it's fianal outcome. just wish stable updates where more frequent. also can be challngeing at times. fianally the controls are a little unusal but overall it's really well done thus far
,Recommended,285920,35245758,Posted: 27 September,all,kletimostaph,"Recommended for all ages. Limited only by your imagination or the number of blocks contained within. Build, farm, explore, and defeat enemies for endless hours of fun."
76561198327342175,Recommended,285920,35384078,Posted: 1 October,all,thomas63fredrick,awesome game. i have so mush fun playing. worth buying
,Recommended,285920,35406496,Posted: 1 October,all,System1024,">spend half hour making strong hawkeye tech>drive 100m>get ambushed by massive (probably over 1000 blocks) cube of GSO lasers>drops to 5 fps>wheels sink into the ground, get stuck>lose the hawkeye tech>quit10/10 enemies."
76561197971872842,Recommended,285920,26762604,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Riph,"Imagine driving a lego car, battling other lego cars. As the other cars are destroyed, they become joy-piniatas of new lego parts to look through and attach to your car. Over time, the enemy cars get bigger and bigger and carry new and more exotic parts.  For you to steal.Then you build bases and mine resources from the lego parts, and the resource crystals can be stamped into even more lego parts.Basically it's the best game ever."
76561198141857566,Recommended,285920,35430912,Posted: 2 October,all,Television,big♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198085700788,Recommended,285920,35502591,Posted: 5 October,all,Shadowknight908,Extremely fun but a little un optimized in areas the only thing i think it needs is multiplayer (they're working on it)seriously get this game its fantastic!
,Recommended,285920,35505310,Posted: 5 October,all,LumberHat,"This is an excellent game, the steady stream of new content means its hard to get bored of this game for long. It's AI has definitely come a long way ."
