user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044835533,Not Recommended,286040,24514382,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,One Ukrainian Rebel,"I seriously suggest clicking ""read more"" for your safety before buying this game. I bought this game for .99 cents for me and my friends figuring it was so cheap how could I possibly be upset.I wasnt, not with the game itself. For 99 cents its exactly what you'd expect, and its fine.However after messing around in the menus, I found their terms of use policy, odd I thought. Upon reading, heres the TL;DR""We can and will datamine you, what you view, we will store your personal and non personal information, age, place of birth, phone number, *CREDIT CARD INFORMATION*, we will monitor your advertisements, we will scan your FACEBOOK AND TWITTER FOR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, and store it in our servers in, the Czech Republic.Heres the line that really packs it in for me.BadFly Interactivetakes reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of customer databases and recordsbut cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will neveroccur.11. Computer systems on which BadFly Interactive collects, stores and uses the information itcollects and receives, are based in the Czech Republic. The servers and equipment on whichcustomers' data is stored and processed may be owned and operated by third parties outside theCzech Republic with whom BadFly Interactive has contracted to receive, store and processcustomer data. By accepting the Privacy Policy, the customer agrees with storing and processingdata by a contracting party stated above.Link to entire article, its short. Kids, stay away from this.http://deadeffect.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdf"
76561198185395607,Not Recommended,286040,31194998,Posted: 17 April,all,CreamyPie,"I seriously suggest clicking ""read more"" for your safety before buying this game. I bought this game for .99 cents for me and my friends figuring it was so cheap how could I possibly be upset.I wasnt, not with the game itself. For 99 cents its exactly what you'd expect, and its fine.However after messing around in the menus, I found their terms of use policy, odd I thought. Upon reading, heres the TL;DR""We can and will datamine you, what you view, we will store your personal and non personal information, age, place of birth, phone number, *CREDIT CARD INFORMATION*, we will monitor your advertisements, we will scan your FACEBOOK AND TWITTER FOR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, and store it in our servers in, the Czech Republic.Heres the line that really packs it in for me.BadFly Interactivetakes reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of customer databases and recordsbut cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will neveroccur.11. Computer systems on which BadFly Interactive collects, stores and uses the information itcollects and receives, are based in the Czech Republic. The servers and equipment on whichcustomers' data is stored and processed may be owned and operated by third parties outside theCzech Republic with whom BadFly Interactive has contracted to receive, store and processcustomer data. By accepting the Privacy Policy, the customer agrees with storing and processingdata by a contracting party stated above.Link to entire article, its short. Kids, stay away from this.http://deadeffect.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdf"
76561197976551517,Recommended,286040,14093771,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,wkduffy,"Really, really enjoyed this. Perfect? Nope. Inspired? Probably not. Hectic spraying and praying while walking backwards alot? Yup. A serviceable story with generally bearable acting? Sure, why not. Believable, claustrophobic environments with a tense atmosphere around every other corner? Absolutely.I'm 50 years old. In other words, I'm way, way ancient. As I approach having played through the campaigns of about four dozen sci-fi/horror/shooter/stealth games stretching back decades--some of the AAA variety and others that less than 15 people in the west even know about (Kreed, anyone?)--I am slowly learning that all interactive entertainment exists in context. Anyone grousing about this game probably has no idea what a truly bad game is. Dear complainers: While it may appear to have the proper trappings (and do a lot of borrowing), Dead Effect ain't Dead Space (or Doom for that matter). But to our benefit, it also isn't Run Like Hell or Alien: Colonial Marines. This game exists as a competent, complete (as in finished), challenging, bloody, entertaining, intentionally goofy (at times), highly derivative, technically stable title with generally wider-than-average blood spray patterns. I mean, what else do you want in an indie?Enter Dead Effect's playground with the proper context, and it will easily rise to meet your middling expectations. (And I mean that in the best, brain-splattery way possible. Reload.)"
,Recommended,286040,9827039,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,virpyre,"Dead Space & Mass Effect had a baby called Dead Effect, then Dead Effect got mixed up with Doom 3 then had a party at Killing Floor."
76561198069704735,Not Recommended,286040,24931289,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Happy Shark,"Get this thing off of steam... They apparently collect personal information from their users... Like... ALL OF IT.""BadFly Interactive, a.s. a company developing and publishing games for the web, and for PC andmobile devices. When customers play games developed by BadFly Interactive, BadFly Interactivemay collect certain personal customer information, such as name, email address, phone number,home address, birth date, mobile phone number, credit card information, information fromcustomers profile at SNS and other personal or non – personal information."" This is a paragraph from their privacy policyNot okay.... At all... It's not even a multiplayer game so this just seems irrational and unecessary..."
76561197971745805,Not Recommended,286040,32340090,Posted: 11 June,all,RoflMan,"Fun game but the read the privacy policy (also visible in the game's menu under 'extra') ->http://deadeffect.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdfTldr: they datamine you. (for detailed information see Creamypie's negative review of the game)About the game itself (takin into account that its dirt cheap):+ gore is pretty good for indie fps game, its fun to throw a grenade or use your blast power and see all the gore.+ they are some fun weapons (although a bit few) like a chainsaw and a few basic upgrades that you can buy with cash gained from missions and doing extra moduses (see below) and you have a blast power and bullet time power.+ enemies are challenging (in hordes) and there seems to be some variation so far (mostly melee but some are ranged, some miniboss-like enemies have a gun and some throw grenades).+ they are some extra moduses; survival and kill of waves of enemies.- at first it can be a bit tedious cause the begin weapons are a bit boring and weak. Also enemies like the grenadiers can be annoying, since they can or atleast can almost instakill you.- maps are just corridors (so far for me atleast), while there are some extra areas where some extra cash or ammo is laying around, its still simple map design.- some of the graphics while not bad for an indie fps, have to much contrast."
76561197961489779,Not Recommended,286040,13726073,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kamakazi_Llama,"This is precisely how to *NOT* make a game about killing zombies on a spaceship.Never mind plot; even if the plot for this yarn was excellent (which it is not) I could not recommend it, because the gameplay is just plain awful.Enter room.  Trigger zombies.  Shoot zombie heads until they're dead, or you're dead.  This sounded great, in a Painkiller-esque sort of way... until I actually played it.There is hardly any mobility, because the fights are almost always inside very short corridors or other zones and your character cannot jump over stuff that an 80-year-old grandmother with the flu could.  Yes, that's right, kids, it is 2014, and somebody thought a FPS WITHOUT JUMPING OR ANY REAL USE OF THE THIRD DIMENSION WAS GOOD GAME DESIGN.This is not even Quake; this is Doom, badly done, with modern-ish graphics.  It's not as fun as Doom, though.Then let's talk about the guns and approach to game-balance.   Guns go bang.  Zombies get tougher.  Upgrade guns every level, so that guns still hurt zombies.The magical upgrade system for guns between levels (because, gosh, pacing weapons availability throughout the story would take actual game-design skill) is lame and makes this feel like a title that was originally intending to be F2P, but failed to find an investor.  Especially the ""gold"" bit- that's a classic bit of F2P design (gold would normally cost Real Money, kids) but It is absolutely atrocious game design to need multiple resources in a SP campaign.  Seriously- if you don't want players to have gun X until Y point... don't give the players gun X.  Not real complicated.But, to add insult to injury, the gun choices are perversely bad- not ""so bad it's good"", or ""bad because it's part of a purposeful attempt to talk about an Idea"" but bad out of sheer lazy programming and poor attention to detail.Pistols might vary hugely in total DPS delievered per bullet fired... but the two pistols I've found thus far?  They have exactly as many starting bullets.  So, hmm, which one am I going to pick?  The one that will do 4000% damage for all shots fired, or the one that does 3000%?Seriously?  Whoever designed this couldn't be bothered to get balance even roughly done, or differentiate weapons correctly?The list of these kinds of good-god-why mistakes is terribly long.How about a UI where it took many random button presses to figure out how to merely switch guns before a mission?  How about the game awarding upgrades to weapons I didn't even have equipped?How about having a ""grenade"" button that, instead of instantly throwing a grenade, does the same thing as pressing the Select Grenade key?How about a plot so lame and incoherently written that I could care less?How about playing a female character, and hearing male breathing the first time I used the Sprint feature?How about ""crouching"" so low you'd have to crawl IRL?How about the transition from standing to crouching having absolutely zero purpose in the game at all?  No accuracy boost, no stealthiness, nothin'- it's just a gimpy way to move around.Lastly... the graphics are really sub-par.  Each element is OK, in a boring, done-that-been-there fake-looking High Tech kind of way.  The zombies aren't terrible or exciting, although they really  don't make any sense at all- I'm on some high-tech spacecraft, there are no trees... so, uh, where did all those chainsaws come from???That said, the environments and level designs are very lousy.  They aren't invested with any emotional involvement and  the vast majority of the locations look exactly the same; until I got to the D-Tox room, I was pretty much just staring at the same bland sci-fi-ish corridors over and over, with heavy use of colored lighting instead of genuine attempts to create interesting spaces.Anyhow... if the gameplay wasn't terrible, I could have let the lousy use of art assets go; this wasn't a AAA title and I was expecting gameplay, not graphics, to be the show.  But for the record, it's not done well; the art assets are just fine, but the level designs are terrible and there is never a sense of Place about the vast majority of the ship, which makes the fact that gameplay consists mainly of doing the same encounters with the same zombie hordes, over and over again, that much more boring.Could this game be fixed?  Somewhat.  Issues with the UI, the concepts of balance for the weapons, etc., could be addressed.  The major issues are with the level designs, not allowing jumping in general, and the lousy plot; these things aren't so easily addressed.  Anyhow, I hope that the developers read this and, should they get the opportunity to ever make another game, take this critique very seriously- I do not mind if your levels aren't AAA-looking in screenshots, but you'd darn well better build a game that's actually fun, if you want to avoid a diatribe like this one from Steam raters and reviewers alike."
,Not Recommended,286040,31514255,Posted: 2 May,all,Claymore,"♥♥♥♥♥poor design which they make you use the money in the game that you have earn to respawn, the enemies are bullet sponges which means you die within seconds of starting the level and have you read the policy they have? I'd suggest following the link and reading it all.http://deadeffect.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdfI would never buy this game. I wish I could get a refund."
76561197983384376,Not Recommended,286040,16273053,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,gauss_1er,"Not a bad game. Not a great game. But those grenades throwing zombies (really!) are way too irritating. They will kill you in one direct shot, and sometimes you cannot even see them coming because either 1. they are in a dark and narrow corridor, 2. you open a door and they are right there or 3. you take an elevator, end up to destination to simply get a grenade thrown at you.Then, you get a choice. 1. reload since the beginning. 2. Spend money on resurrecting. Given how expensive are upgrades and/or new guns, the 5th time I got killed by a grenade zombie that I could not see coming, I decided to give up on the game. Unfortunate, because I was enjoying it otherwise. But getting killed in one shot like that... nope... too frustrating. Would that not be there, I would definitely recommend the game."
76561198114817545,Recommended,286040,9827580,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,LudoKai,"I'm playing it right now and I've gotta say, it seems solid. Most ports-to-PC often fall short but this one...it looks pretty good, the handling is pretty good and I love the idea behind it.It's not horror in the sense of you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bricks in your undies, more like a survival horror. It's not over-loaded me with ammo and I genuinely feel like every bullet counts [there was a point where i missed a single shot and took a lot of damage for it]I'd say it's already worth getting. Especially for the price. Imagine Dead Space meets DOOM 3 and you might have a mild idea of what the game is."
,Not Recommended,286040,34191451,Posted: 12 August,all,Peter,"Read the terms of service and then you decide for your self, they are allowed to store your information forever= credit card, where you live, anything that you could of gave out by a mistake."
,Recommended,286040,14579626,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,RAD5002,"It's pretty great. You can tell from the get go that a lot of time and effort has been put into it. It starts off slow and gets you into combat fairly easily. From there it gets harder but a lot more fun and creepy. It has a nice ""Doom 3"" feel to it, but the ease and accessability of the earlier DOOM's. You can load it up and start into the action right away.If you're a fan of games like Left 4 Dead, Killing Floor, Doom, Aliens, or other FPS ""Monster"" genre games then I highly recommend this game. It has a campaign, survival, a nd a shop for customizing weapons. Along with hidden secrets in the levels such as credits for the shops, tablets for the lore, and much more.Would throughly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,286040,14613695,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,aVe,"So, what makes a game a great game?Unless you're the first to create something never-seen-before with an earth-shattering-gameplay, you're living with a legacy. Your best option then is to live up with player's expectations of the genre, plus surprise them with one truly good and well executed idea to deliver a great experience.In Dead Effect, you are shooting zombies in a spacecraft. That's it. Many titles comes to mind like Doom, Dead Space and such. And for a reason. It seems that most of these games tropes has been collaged in this game, but with no to little inspiration. The level design is repetitive, the zombies aren't that exciting, and the storyline has a smell of deja-vu.But let's say Dead Effect uses these fairly known genre elements to lay a great core mechanic on top of it? If only.First, your character moves a little too slowly (it glides actually since there is no footstep sounds), and can run just a few meters since he's apparently an heavy smoker. He also cannot jump so I suspect he or she's overweight too.Your character can carry two weapons, that are predefined for most of the story campaign : pistol + rifle or revolver + shotgun. But since all the weapons are suboptimal at first, and have a atrociously long reload time, you die often - or walk back all the corridors just to be safe.To make things worse, Dead Effect does not feature a save game or checkpoint system, forcing you to restart the whole mission even if you die a couple of seconds before the end. You're in to grind your way to the next level, and it really feels like a chore.If you want a better weapon, don't try to pick one, you'll have to upgrade yours or buy one during the intermission - explaining why you are collecting money while trying to escape.And here is the fatal flaw of the game. In my opinion, either :- you design and balance each weapon to provide player with variety, uniqueness and consistency (like Doom, Half Life, Fear, etc);- you can buy upgrades or upgraded version of your weapons in a marketplace (like Borderlands, Bioshock) to add the thrill of finding a badass one - at least for a couple of hours;- you can upgrade your weapons & gear using ""spare parts"" found in the world (like Dead Space, Shadowgrounds Survivor) to add the thrill of making tough choices.But I personnaly find using a ""pay as you go to upgrade your gear"" too artificial and really non-immersive, especially when you're supposed to be alone, cut from civilization.I know that Dead Effect is a port from a iOS game, and uses micro-payements. But that's not an excuse for bad or inadequate game design. For the PC version you pay upfront, so, in way, you're supposed to see none of the monetization elements.So, if you really like to shoot zombies, endless corridors and flat storyline, you can give this game a shot. A piece of advice : upgrade only your best weapon and be cautious of the grenadier zombies."
,Recommended,286040,15153105,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"This is a zombie killing game. No more, no less. Use miniguns, crossbows, machine guns, pistols, etc and kill lots of zombies. Playing this and expecting anything else would be like playing Tetris and complaining because all you do is stack blocks all the time.Voice acting is horrible, visuals are average, story mode is a bore, but the challenge mode is enjoyable for a bit and the price for this one is just right, even better if its on sale. Not a masterpiece at any stretch but this one achieves what it sets out to do which is just to let you, wait for it -- kill zombies.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcL2cgcMN_U"
,Recommended,286040,13891984,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bullett00th,"Don't let the low price, the simple visuals and the fact that it's a tablet port fool you.I would have never imagined myself playing a shooter ported from tablets on PC and having so much fun. First of all, it's miles ahead of the portable version, almost a different game. The fact that there are no microtransactions help you enjoy this as a wholesome product, albeit with a little bit of fair grinding.A good zombie game needs 2 things: good zombies and good weapons. While this is far from many AAA titles, the weapons in Dead Effect look and sound meaty enough to feel the punch of every shot, but don't expect spectecular quality of animations and sounds.The zombies however are a whole other dimension, and are at the core of what makes Dead Effect so fun, as they should be. Despite the small scope of the game, it features quite a few types of enemies, each of which in its turn has its preset of behaviors, some of which are randomnly generated depending on difficulty. In other words: zombies are dangerous and unpredictable, and demand the best of your attention, reaction and situational awareness. The dodge funcion is in this game for a damn good reason. This, combined with the very much Doom3-inspired leveldesign, make up for a great immersive atmosphere of an ever-so-popular contaminated spaceship setting. There's even a small cheesy story that works well enough to glue the events together and give the player a sense of purpose in addition to a sense of place.If I had to complain about Dead Effect, which would be stupid considering the price, I'd say some will find the grinding tiresome (althought there's not THAT much of it compared to other games of this type), and not much variety beyond the campaign and the survival modes. While admittedly true, these problems didn't stop me from finishing the game twice, and I'm sure I'll be going in for a third time on Hell difficulty where almost every zombie hit is deadly.In conclusion, Dead Effect is easliy one of my best surprise purchases on Steam. It's like Doom 3 and Killing Floor had a baby that doesn't know much yet but already shows great potential for being its own thing. Big thing, hopefully."
,Not Recommended,286040,29283608,Posted: 15 January,all,fnoigy,"My favorite part of the game is the enemy that looks almost exactly like every other enemy but throws near-invisible insta-death grenades from halfway across the level that you can't dodge and forces you to start the boring, tedious, half-hour level all over again.  That and the really boring combat."
,Recommended,286040,9911218,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,AndrewDell2471,"About an hour in and I have to say it's a good game so far. The game as some pretty cool features, and if the developers work on improvement, Dead Effect has the potential to be called a great game. The achievements earned only unlock after closing out the game.. but the game is only in beta, so I can't really complain. Overall, it's worth a shot to try, especially if you are a fan of Dead Space and or FPS involving zombies."
76561198024059826,Not Recommended,286040,14902219,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GetSchwifty,With starting the Game... you automatically accept the EULA!Not like other Games... before u install it.Found it online:http://deadeffect.com/TermsOfUse.pdfhttp://deadeffect.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdf
,Not Recommended,286040,28891740,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,A Large Cat,"Coming right out and saying this that it plays like something you'd expect a moble game to. You see the leanings of it with two forms of currency, cash and gold.That aside, it's just not very good. The shooting is poor, the zombies look terrible, and the levels are unintresting. There simply isn't anything that stands out about this.The UI that you use to upgrade feels like something out of 1996.I paid $1 for it, but even at that price it feels like a raw deal."
,Recommended,286040,13409567,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Itchybum,"Best 5 bucks i spent in a long time. So much fun.I grew up playing games during the golden age of quake, doom, duke nukem etc and this is just a 2014 version of those games. Shoot everything, figure it out later.Controls are smoothGunplay solidSound is goodLots of goreAnd a possibly deranged german doctor is also included.So much fun to be had for very little money."
,Recommended,286040,14486325,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,JakeArtistIV,"I spent my Christmas Playing this game 7/10...Well I can't just say that lol, This is yet another Zombie game thats single player for the time being but has a pretty fun campaign that lasts about 3 or 4 hours. so of course the game is short but I had a pretty fun time with it. You have your Slow-Mo Ability similar to Max Payne and graphics similar to Doom 3 which is kinda neat.The Zombies themselves can only be killed by a headshot which makes things a bit difficult as they swarm you, so at times the game is pretty intense. and some of these levels can be difficult early on. You can upgrade your weapons that you find or buy throughout the game between missions. and play through a Survival Mode similar to Killing Floor choosing the amount of waves you fight. highest being 10 I think. Coop should be added in the near future so that will be cool. Got this for $4.79 and it was well worth it. Check it out if it goes on sale its a pretty decent zombie game"
,Not Recommended,286040,29453039,Posted: 23 January,all,QP,"Just...bad. Poor controls, poor framerate, poor level design - ""why look at this open area finally, oh nevermind there's a small pipe in my way guess i'm not going there."" Thought it might be fun for the cheap price, I don't mind the loss of a dollar or two, it's more the loss of my time."
,Not Recommended,286040,25594926,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cybe,"Ever wanted to have a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Doom 3, like mobile play store crap tier but for the pc? well now you can. You can even buy gold to get more weapons just like your so loved facebook games!-Animations suck-Everything feels modular, like snapmap but like more ♥♥♥♥♥♥-the gauntlet is absolute crap, it wont ever help you-the weapons take hours to reload, hours to aim, and they wont do♥♥♥♥♥♥-shoot at an enemy in the head, it bleeds from the torso-shoot a pistol to an enemy too far, it doesn't even do damage"
,Not Recommended,286040,25002311,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Wertyop70,"THis is just another very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile port, that you tell they didnt put enough effort in for the PC version...""Tap here to start""Keep Tapping to open""Swipe left to open (Spacebar)Just a few. Also, mobile shop transactions through steam... Ha!"
,Recommended,286040,25535369,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,AbedsBrother,"Get guns. Shoot zombies. Get instructions from pseudo-Ahnold. Shoot more zombies. Dead Effect is (if you hadn't guessed) a single-player zombie fps set on a space ship with a mad scientist whose experiments have gone wrong. We're clearly in B-movie sci-fi territory here, and don't expect anything else. The dialogue and voice acting play up to it. While Dead Effect doesn't possess the design of Dead Space or the gun-play of Bulletstorm, it's a decent way to pass time if shooting zombies is your thing. List price is $5 and it can discount even lower, making it a low-risk “why not?” buy that delivers more than its price and premise promises."
76561198028021739,Not Recommended,286040,24248787,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Chancellor Palpy,"In order to recommend this game, you should wait until heavily discounted. This brings very few new ideas to the FPS genre. That in itself is nothing too bad, but there are probably just as many cons as there are pros.This has a good selection of weapons, plus you can give them upgrades. To buy either, then you need the $ you find in the game. That seems like a cool feature, but it takes far longer to buy all options than there is game time. You will not have all weapons and will likely not have too many fully upgraded weapons by the time you finish this. There are a few different pistols, rifles, shotguns and bows you can get, but it seems that there is 1 of each that is the best. If you die, then you have to also use that same in game $ to revive. You get gold (separate currency) that seems to appear from random fights along the way. You can use that to buy better weapons (most will need a second playthrough to afford). You can also use that gold to buy HP regeneration. If you save for just that, you will get it around 2/3 of the way through. By that point the grenade throwers appear making that regeneration mostly useless since they will usually one-shot you. Since there are aid stations throughout every level the regen is not nearly as useful as you would think.This is a port from a cell game and you can tell byt the gameplay and that there are some things that have that tap or finger slide feeling to it. For a cell/tablet game, it is actually quite good, and has great graphics. For a PC game, it feels over 10 years old. The levels are repetitive and has a low budget Doom/Dead Space feeling. Enemy movement is clunky and predictable; straight line directly towards you. End boss is anti-climactic and very easy. Game is incredibly short. I finished on medium in 3.5 hours. Also, you can only hold on to one pistol weapon, one 2 hander, one type of grenade, and your default melee attack.The game is not all bad, and for the short time it took to beat it, I was marginally entertained. It takes longer to unlock and upgrade than there is time in the campaign. Story and dialog is meh. Repetitive levels and corridor and scripted AI enemy fights. The first hour was pretty entertaining. The second was like ""hmmm, this again?"". Then it quickly became ""I just want this game to be over"". I don't plan on playing this further to unlock other weapons or upgrades and I don't care to play any other modes."
76561198115666215,Recommended,286040,9836237,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ThezDarkzKnight,this game could be good i mean it is in early access .with that said it deff has potential  the controls need to be smoothen out.. there kinda laggy even with the graphics set to low it still shows. ie the aiming and movement. also there should be a default melee button not one used with E which also is to pickup items ...also i cant really compare this to the android one seeing as i dont really play games on my android phone. so i dont know if these problems exsist with the android version. all in all i would say still get the game its only 5 bucks and its better than alot of games on steam that cost alot more and end up being crap :)
,Recommended,286040,13469900,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Munkee,"I completed the story, got all guns, and played every mode.Story mode: No spoilers here, but I will say this.Pro:The story is fun to play, the levels are so nice looking to me, and there are random points where you will need to aim for heads or get swarmed. Plus if you die, you can use some of your credit(money) to buy a respawn. Which is nice if you were so close to beating it and you don't want to restart.Con:Story is a bit short, I beat it really quick and easy, but I believe there will be more added some day.The voice acting at some points seems a bit weird, like when you are going to die he says nooooooo in a bit of a lazy voice.and the beginning bothers me since the male still sounds like the female character. lol.The enemies, all different, pretty much if you like killing floor you may like this. It seems to me like a Doom, Duke Nukem, Killing Floor, CoD zombies feel.Every zombie has a different kind of ability that you need to keep your eye on while in small rooms.A large selection of guns from shotguns, rifles, archery, and a freaking minigun. Whatever you like to mow zombies down with.So far, I can't stop playing it, and once it gets co-op I may play it even more with friends.As it is, 8/10 and hope I see more guns to get and more story added."
76561198046164751,Recommended,286040,30353424,Posted: 6 March,all,Electric Draco,"Its killing for 2 but cheaper and with a story mode, if you have the money to spend get it and fool around but if not then pass it up...its a GOOD game but not really a ""must have"" kind of game"
,Recommended,286040,14031110,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chizzit,"Dead Effect is a cheap, fun, and easy to play game. Don't listen to those that say it isn't optimized. If you disable the effects (put them on the lowest settings), you can easily get 60 fps. I was able to run this game on a potato laptop at almost 200 fps. So, this game is optimized, and it is fun. Imagine Left 4 Dead mixed in with an arcady-like Dead Space, and you have a basic understanding of what this game is. If you don't want to buy it on the PC, then it is free to play on your phone/tablet. I deffinately recommend this game, and as time passes, more, and more content will be added. :D"
,Not Recommended,286040,17340004,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Papa Burny,"The game put in front of me seems like a game made with the Source Engine, so it's not that bad from the get go. While it does take a little bit of getting used to, it is playable, but it's mediocre in my honest opinion. The idea kinda felt like a Dead Space clone where you're in space, you have a navigator, and you have to fight of mutated or zombified humans. It's slow at first but gets more and more difficult as you progress. I've played maybe half an hour and I didn't seem all that interested. It get's stale and a little more difficult since the infected enemies can spawn randomly in areas you just passed to bring out the 'THE PLACE YOU CHECKED IS VISUALLY EMPTY OF LIFE, BUT I LIKE TO HIDE IN THE VENTS' kind of scenario. I've gotten to maybe the third or fourth section of the game and I decided it was boring and just quit.At one point I tried scoring a headshot on a few of the enemies and it worked better without a scope than with one (which is a disappointment in that regard), nevertheless, they were resiliant, as if they were surgically enforced with a thick casing of plexiglass. Your weapons only seem to get worse and worse per progression (where I can see that being an additional difficulty increaser) and forcing the player to try out different weapons and using them to their best benefit. Long story short, from my minor experience in this game, it's decent, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it to the nearest stranger, telling them it's the next best thing since Spycrabbing, but I can recommend it for someone who likes an increasing challenge and a horde of zombies looking to scratch you like the dickkins and gum on your limbs until you succumb to an awkwardly unsatisfactory death."
,Recommended,286040,9976930,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,abracadabra420,"Though still in early access, Dead Effect doesn't fail to impress. I was a fan of the game and played it on Android OS. It was a blast then, and now it's gotten a mouth watering graphics upgrade that really bring this game even more to life. I recommend to any fan of shooters and/or zombies. Really engulfing environment, and a good storyline.  Get it...it's well worth the small price."
,Recommended,286040,14653147,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"below you'll find a written and video impression on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCAMpNLQUNgDead Effect is what many would consider ""that generic zombie fps"", but that doesn't automatically make it bad. You get tossed into an arena based level, full filling the objective listed in each mission. Before you head out the game offers you the opportunity to purchase and upgrade your weaponry. It's a very arcady FPS that knows exactly what it is and makes no illusion to it's identity.I wouldn't go into Dead Effect expecting a full narrative experience from games like Bioshock or Wolfenstian last order. The story is pretty bad, and the voice acting even worst, but where the game shines is it's excellent feeling run and gun gameplay. There is a fair variety of firearms to use, and they all feel great! Excellent visual and audio feedback on each shot, classic and challenging difficulty scaling, it's generic FPS done right!Dead Effect has it's origins in mobile tablet gaming and the Steam version is basically an upresed version of the mobile original. They've done a pretty good job of upresing, as the texture quality is quite good, as well as the lighting, showing a good amount of visual fidelity. Where it takes a hit in the visuals is it's lower polycount models used, due to it being on mobile originally, and the menu screen has too much left overs from it's origins, with big unnecessary buttons. As far as visuals are concerned, it does a passable job as a PC port.Dead Effect probably won't be the very best FPS you'll ever play, nor is it very original, but what it does it does very well. It's gameplay, though generic, is designed well for maximum entertainment in shorter burst play time. At it's price of $5 there's not too much to complain about. If you're looking for an entertaining but cheap action FPS, and don't mind it being some what flawed in comparison to it's competitors, Dead Effect is a very viable choice.Pros:- Excellent feeling run and gun gameplay- Multiple game modes to play- Brings FPS back to it's roots of run and gun- More than fair asking priceCons:- Unoriginal- Terrible voice acting- Left over Mobile UI"
76561198050715681,Recommended,286040,13882265,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,cavanasm,"TL;DR: Cheap and fun, but don't expect anything crazy.For the price, this is a great game. It's very arcade-like, which is to say, there aren't a lot of frills. The campaign is fairly short, but if you want to collect all the upgrades and weapons, there's a decent amount of replayability.It's rather refreshing in that the biggest threat is simply the number of enemies coming at you and they are almost never going to surprise you (they aren't stealthy zombies by any means, like in a ""real"" zombie scenario). Rarely (not never, mind you) was ammo an issue, and there's an upgrade you can buy that gives you absurdly powerful health regen, and at that point your only fear is getting swarmed because you literally can't kill the zombies fast enough, and you're incredibly slow moving yourself. I loved to hate the grenade zombie, which is exactly as terrifying as it sounds, because he's a zombie who can throw grenades that potentially one hit you, but he's fairly uncommon, easy to spot, and the ceilings have lots of underhangs for the grenades to bounce off and kill zombies for you, so he's not an unreasonable sort.Anyways, despite being early access, all the features feel relatively polished. I'm not sure how I feel about the distinction between money (which is hidden in levels, but not dropped) and ""gold bars"" (which are only dropped randomly by enemies). I guess it's nice to have a second currency that you can only buy a limited number of things with, but I just don't know if its really necessary."
,Not Recommended,286040,17686217,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,elviscera,"After a little more play, I'm changing my review, it's a mediocre game.  The game mechanics are poor, the controls are very limiting (especially the movement -- you can't f*cking jump), the cut scenes are obnoxious, the framerate is limited to 60Hz, the graphic detail is underwhelming even at so called ""extreme"" settings and the save points are far to widely spaced (you have to play a whole damned level to get a save).  Maybe they couldn't figure how to code anything better, my sympathy to them.  Save your money, get Painkiller instead."
76561198124104878,Recommended,286040,25703378,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vault Boy,I would buy this when its on sale for like 1.00 if you like shooting zombies get it and btw take off the multiplayer tag there is no multiplayer
76561198041656877,Recommended,286040,30376179,Posted: 7 March,all,DE GRAAFF,"It's mediocre, but it's very good at being mediocre.7/10"
,Not Recommended,286040,34648749,Posted: 31 August,all,American_Blackshirt,"The game is essentially a rehash of COD Zombies with a Prey setting.  The plot and the characters, of which there are pretty much only two are pretty bland but the gameplay is solid, the movement and shooting mechanics are pretty smooth for a game without a ton of backing like a triple a title would have.  However, the number of weapons,  the terrible dialogue, the flashy interiors of the station and the horrendously designed maps for which the campaign involve are simply too much to work around.  The games premise and overall feel is great but the way its executed seems laughable at best.  At worst?  ... play the first boss battle and ask me how fun it is to hit left, right, up, left, right, up, right click .... over and over again."
76561198046661937,Recommended,286040,9879507,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Wo|f,"Awesome!! Would love to see this game more developed and on going!! Gives me the much needed gameplay I love from Black Ops II Zombies and mixes in nice weapon upgrades and game modes. I would love to see a more developed single player, the gibs head shots are the best. This game is heading in a fun great direction!!More weapons (another melee weapon would be nice)! Grenade exploding effects, THE BEST!!! More levels and maps! More different zombies!! Game engine is awesome smooth gameplay addicting with earning bonus cash, random item pickups upgrades and gold!! Multiplayer would be wicked with customized skins and customized weapons and specials!! Just leaving feedback awesome job guys I can't wait to play more!!I would be playing this all the time if specs kept for all computer players to join in and mulitplayer coop and pvp!! Greatness!!!!Feedback on bugs and such controls!!--------------Theres a flashlight on the HUD but you can't use one? I tried all buttons checked out configuration whats that about? A working flashlight would be awesome!!Without a flashlight way too dark some areas in game, like to see what I'm killing.*update I don't know if this was intended, but playing as the Male character profile is when the flashlight doesnt work, and lots of parts of the 3 levels and in Survival and Biohazard modes some parts in the levels are way way too dark and again no working flashlight, but playing as Frey the female character on her profile, the flashlight does work turn on and off, and the lighting is perfect way more lit up in more areas though flashlight still helps in dark spots. In saying this, the darkness is a challenge and if you could somehow see the difference in Males version game dark as hell levels, it's kinda neat darkness would be great and challenging if only the flashlight works.The zombies fading away Blade like golden fairy dust, kinda cool but I felt takes away from the blood gory mess that sprays all over the cam love that effect!!! A dark burned dust away bloody mess would be nice..Jump button please? love jumping... sprint would be awesome too, love sprinting :)secret areas, doors, ala original Doom and Tomb Raider style?other then that perfection.. I need more I'm hooked..I hope you guys get the funding to finish and continue this game!!Please open to open donations and cool weapons gifts for donating or something again!!Please another update new maps levels something soon!!! arrrrgh!!!! this game is so good haha!!*new* also yah a seperate button that doesnt coincide with the weapons for the grenade would be awesome, and in harder modes especially maybe some small health packs throughout the hopefully new maps would help"
,Recommended,286040,14096030,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Two Clicks,"Dead Effect is a story driven first-person corridor shooter set aboard a futuristic research vessel/station, where an accident suddenly turns the crew into homicidal zombies.  It is a very well made game enjoyable to play and satisfying to beat.  Essentially it is a free 2 play iOS port.  One of the few I have played that works well as a PC game.You are part of an Elite unit awakened from hibernation to respond to an emergency aboard the vessel.  You can choose to take on the role of a male or female soldier the only difference being the starting weapons and the voice-overs.  Once armed you go up against a horde of zombie type enemies.  Your job 'as always' is to go from level to level and complete objectives in order to progress to the end boss.Enemies consist of several types of zombie: crawler, zombie, scientist zombie, soldier zombie, spitters and grenade zombies, plus a few specials which I wont mention and spoil for you here.  Combat against the zombies is one of the strong points of the game.  While they are only effective in packs and at close quarters, the badder zombies can spit venom or throw grenades which can be deadly from range.  Furthermore even though the zombies close distance slowly their strength is in numbers, especially when moving through the vessels tight walkways.As you move along the infested decks of the vessel you will be able to collect ammo and grenade refils, and credits from the (un)dead crew.  In addition you can collect datapads with snippets of story to help explain the events which unfolded before you awoke.  Killing enemies sometimes provides valuable item drops such as gold bars, credits (i.e. in-game cash), new weapon unlocks or weapon upgrades.  Gold bars seem to be largely a remnant of its free2play days, which I suspect were gained largely through some sort of microtransactions.  Thankfully though these do not exist in this PC version.  Gold bars can be used to buy a handful of ultra-powerful weapons or an auto-heal feature which seems redundant for most players except for casual gamers.  Credits allow you to purchase or upgrade combat weapons.You start with a basic 1000 volt stungun which is good when you fighting lone enemies.  As you play you get access to better weapons.  Even though you can only carry two types of firearm (1-handed sidearm & a 2-handed assault weapon) and 1 batch of grenades during a level.  You can switch between several model types between levels.  This limitation is quite realistic even if you prefer the old skool method of carrying an arsenal into combat.Weapons include different types of: handgun, assault rifle, shotgun, bows, energy weapons and a minigun. Melee lovers take note that there is a chainsaw weapon which you can get close and personal with the enemy but I found it to be the least satisfying of the weapons to play.  Whats even better about the guns is that they can be upgraded during play.  5 levels for each weapon that increase stats like: reload speed, magazine capacity, damage and accuracy.  New weapons can be purchased with the credits you collect.  By far the most satisfying weapons are the shotgun or the bow with exploding arrow heads! :)  You also get two special if limited abilties: Bullet time (slow-mo action) and Devastation (powerful strike eminating from the player).The campaign consists of twelve levels ranging from short to long in terms of duration.  All levels though similar in the challenges and obstacles they provide are pretty well designed.  You will probably have to play through the game twice to complete the campaign achievements.  In addition there have been two modes added and play similarly to Killing Floor - Survival maps require you to not die for a number of minutes, while in Biohazard maps you must survive numerous waves of ever increasing difficultly.  There are around six maps for each mode.  These I found were adequate at best.  To be better coop is really needed here.Overall I found the gameplay and aesthetics (graphics & sound) were pretty good, setting the right tone that will remind older gamers of Doom 3 or System Shock [if you have played either].  The story while pretty standard does its job in immersing you within the setting.  Graphics for a port are really well done bringing a claustraphobic feel as you move around the vessel. While voice-overs (there are three one for each marine character and the only other survivor a scientist who guides you) are quite good for an indie game.  I did discover a very few minor bugs which were not game-breakers but these were fixed during my time playing the game.Rock, Paper, Shotgun wrote that Dead Effect fails in its ambition.  After playing through the game I found that what the game may lack in terms of ambition it more than makes up for in immersion, and quality implementation and delivery.  In conclusion Id say so many games that come through Early Access fail to deliver, Dead Effect does that and more.For the price its an easy recommendation.  Looking forward to the sequel."
76561198113063864,Not Recommended,286040,20044921,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,pepsi max will heal my wounds,Don't buy it
,Recommended,286040,25485919,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,White Shadow,"A pretty fun sci-fi zombie shooter. Don't go in expecting a triple A quality game, but what you will find is an entertaining and nicely polished FPS that should occupy you for a few hours.The game has several game modes, including a short story campaign, as well as survival missions (survive before the time is up), and biohazard missions (survive all enemy waves). The game is not focused on story, so you'll not find any huge plot twists or character development here, but you will get to shoot a tonne of zombies and explore a dark and atmospheric sci-fi spaceship.The game has a lot of weapons that you get to unlock as you progress, all of which you can improve with various upgrades (damage, accuracy, etc) by using the money that you find throughout the levels. In addition you also get upgrades to your suit and cool things like bullet time and a powerful energy burst attack that pulverizes any enemy in the vicinity.Most missions are very much alike, so some people might find it repetitive, and the game is mostly fun in short bursts. But the core mechanics are fun and well executed. I've only found the grenade-throwing zombies to be a huge pain as they often hide somewhere in a zombie mob, and before you know one of them is around, you get whacked with a grenade explosion, which can 1-hit kill you if it blows up very close to you. Apart from those, there are no frustrating aspects.A fun indie game all in all."
76561198103801240,Recommended,286040,14270702,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Iron Tarkus,"This game is great, dirt cheap price, stunning graphics, and an abundance of cool weapons. It is like Nazi Zombies mixed with dead space. Oh, and did I mention? There's a bow. Yes, there is a bow and it is EPIC!"
,Recommended,286040,13534000,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[ZM] Darkflame,"Completed the main campaign 5 times on various difficulty settings, completed all the other modes on the highest difficulty.The game is just fun, nothing else to say really, the storyline is meh, the voice acting is terrible but the gameplay is solid.I look forward to co-op being added into future versions so i can play it all again :)"
,Recommended,286040,14668781,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],"very much a DOOM inspired game , great fun for the price"
,Recommended,286040,26593571,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,C40-5RU,"I was surprised at how many bad reviews there were for this game. I personally liked it. The graphics, gameplay, and actiing, in my opinion, were pretty good.Even though the game is classified as ""Indie"", I would say that it is better than most ""Indie"" type games that I have played..The one thing that I didn't like, as others pointed out, is the inability to jump.Other than that, the game is worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,286040,18991453,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,RindahmaN,"Nothing specieal for this game , Actually this is a horde zombies game.But this game can't make me feel excited.I feel boring after play this game for 1 hr.I feel this game let me keep doing the same thing for each mission.Unlock the door , Grab ammo in the locker , Kill zombie , Pass Mission 1 .Unlock the door , Grab ammo in the locker , Kill zombie , Pass Mission 2.Unlock the door , Grab ammo in the locker , Kill zombie , Pass Mission 3........"
76561198054504145,Recommended,286040,13886976,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,K4piTän GrL,"this one is Doom and Dead Spaces's child... bought it for wanting for a fun shooting game, this is best indie game.. atleast one of them :D"
76561198001365001,Recommended,286040,13374358,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Grasshopper,"I hate this game in the way I hate any game that keeps on drawing me back in and then killing me mercilessly until I get  it right :) $4.99 and I'm having one of the best times of my gaming life for quite some time, plus I get to waste zombies with my favourite weapon the pump shotgun!What more could an old time gamer like me ask for?Kudos to the developers and thanks for a helluva ride!Oh yes and this is still early access? Job very well done...."
76561198083526608,Not Recommended,286040,31046440,Posted: 9 April,all,߷ The Gu ߷,"I could recommend this game (on sale).This game is a really mixed bag. I realise it's a port of a mobile game, and pretty good for a mobile FPS, but there are places where it makes this painfully obvious.Funnest part of the game: the guns. These run the gamut of ""futurized"" assault rifles, pistols, shotguns ect. to electrified and explosive compound bows/crossbow, laser energy weapons, and a chainsaw as well as a selection of grenades and mines.The weapons are decently fun and effective to use, but this is somewhat ruined by the tedious upgrading system. Upgrading weapons can take HOURS as upgrading one weapon means playing the same levels multiple times through just to get enough credits to do so. A smarter game would disperse weapons with varying attributes through out the course of the game (like DOOM), but as I said this is a mobile game meant to simply eat up spare time. And hey, any game with a Super Shotgun can't be all bad, right?The game also gives you the option to ""aim down sights"" with your weaponry but this feels purely cosmetic as it doesn't seem to effect the accuracy of your shots.The designs of the game's weapons seem really uninspired, just taking real world weapon blueprints and adding tons of metallic clutter to make them all ""futuristic looking"" which can be used to describe most of the game and it's environments. It's all just very post-DOOM 3 sci-fi metallic clutter, really generic and unremarkable.I haven't touched upon much else outside of the weapons because there's really nothing to talk about. Outside of the campaign there are a couple of survival type game modes but these offer very little outside of achievement farming, the game also offers a harder New Game +.Also it needs to be said the sprint mechanic in this game is infuriating, you can sprint for maybe 2 seconds before you meter runs out and you start panting like a 300 pound geriatric. The flashlight works on a similar mechanic but is way more forgiving, but this is only undermined by the fact that there is virtually nowhere in the game you even need the flashlight.I feel as though a saving grace of this game could have been some sort of multiplayer as it looks to have the potential for decently fun PvE and PvP-ish modes. Atleast the second game from what I have seen has addressed some of these issues, so that may be more worth your time and money."
76561198077101793,Not Recommended,286040,29518790,Posted: 27 January,all,meatsteak,"You know how there are those shops that mark up their goods 500%, then put on regular sales where they ""discount"" the item about 80%, so you end up paying the price they *actually* wanted you to fork out for?This game is not worth it, not even for a dollar. If you paid full price for it..."
,Recommended,286040,13438801,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Arkveveen,"Dead Effect is an exceedingly fun game that is way more than it seems. But it suffers from awful voice acting that is honestly really funny, a basic story, and production values that aren't too high. However, at $8.00 you can't go wrong with this game.There's a lot of guns to use as well, each with their own upgrade trees despite them being very basic and doing nothing to change the appearance of your guns. It's also very clear that this game was a mobile game of some type, with irritating minigames that range from QTEs to weird hacking puzzles that would be more fun on a tablet. The interface, the gold, and other ""artifacts"" clearly show this was some type of tablet game. I can't see a phone being able to handle these visuals, but I can definitely see a tablet doing it!The graphics are quite good actually, and they remind me of Doom 3 but modified with higher resolution textures. There's a lot of options for PC gamers that are very welcome, including the coveted FOV slider, and there's really nothing much to complain about here. The sounds are satisfying and the music is decent, with a few standout tracks. The production values might feel cheap here and there, but there's some quality hidden in this little budget game!Of all the indie FPS games out there, I highly reccomend this one to the zombie slayers out there. It is VERY fun!"
76561198121046024,Recommended,286040,13443234,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,UnholyGayLlama,"i liked it, bought it when it was in early access and i am happy i did, the gameplay is fun and i always loved killing zombies :Dthe weapon upgrades are cool and interesting, the blood and gore is is great, there's really nothing like getting a headshot and watching the head explode with a sickening sound of delight :Di have not yet beaten the campaign but the first 3 levels so far where fun and entertaining. all in all this is a great game and well worth the price."
76561197972918384,Recommended,286040,13462958,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Demon Horde,"Now that this game is complete I'll finnally write my review for it.  First off I'll say its a suprising little endevor. I rarely see such polish from games made by a small team. as i said before  there's tons of zombie games out there these days. Thankfully this is one of the best small dev zombie games i've seen in a long time.The Good:Engaging storyBeautiful graphics (for  a small dev game)intersting game modes outside of the single player mode.The Bad:Lack luster weak gun sounds (maybe it's something with how my desktop detects my 2.1 system  but none of the guns really rattle my woofer , in fact they sound like they all fire from the sats only. I got a 200 dollar 2.1 system  I want some BASS when I shoot. EDIT: as of to date, I have found a couple of guns that do thump nicely on my woofer. Especially the chain gun.Graphics occasionally slow down, while they are beautiful graphics they aren't so beautiful that they should be slowing my frames down. My system runs Far cry 3 flawlessly at max settings.Overall i give this game a 78%.  Zombie fans and shooter fans dig in."
76561198042338193,Recommended,286040,12029699,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Joepayne,"if doom3 and dead space had a baby this would be it..the game is still in beta so some things need to be worked on still.For the most part if ur a fps/horror fan this is a must.and its only  5 bucks.the graphics are great,the levels look really good,at times it feels like ur suffocating in hallways or rooms when the dead are coming at u with nowhere to go.the guns,grenades feel and sound very powerful, with optional upgrades. u can also slow down time to ur advantage.for a game thats still in beta it plays and looks great. worth the price."
,Not Recommended,286040,29471253,Posted: 24 January,all,zmk69,Not bad couple of minutes for a game that tries to rip off Dead Space and Mass Effect. 4/10 Probably will not open again.
76561198036566016,Recommended,286040,9873920,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bebo,Highly entertaining and simple game. It's pretty difficult without autoheal. It has no checkpoints and tough enemies. Graphics are excellent and the design itself is very nice. Absolutely worth for 5€ and much more content is comming! Can't wait for more missions and coop with multiplayer!
,Recommended,286040,9886143,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,DawgBert,I like this game... that is all.
,Recommended,286040,9898474,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Gamingspacebunny,I like The game and all but can u make the music lest loud Please But all of the another stuff is AWESOME keep up the good work!. :)
76561197995559499,Recommended,286040,10012013,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SuKa TuYa,This game with high quality game textures and upgrade in the enemy skins.. will be a decent game ...
,Recommended,286040,10034553,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Aether-Eel,"Dead Effect is the perfect nostalgia trip for veterans of Doom & Wolfenstein. Chunks, blood, and gore sparkle through out your journey like fireworks on new years.  This game caters to the seasoned gamers of only the most cherished first person shooters. With a buffet of weapons for your choosing and a plethora of heads to pop, Dead Effect is eager to quench your thirst for head shots, gibblets, and more. Now with coop on the way, this is an awesome game for the family!"
76561198027161792,Recommended,286040,9883042,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Meihe Muihe,"This game is very well done in my opinion. By the time I write this, this is in a pretty early access, I think.Of course it needs some work and so on, and so on, but even atm it is very functional, although the single player thing has a few horde parts that were quite problematic... for start, after a while, you get used to them. The game is awesome already, and with a little bit of tender love and care from the developers, it'll be magnificent. Highly recommend it, I mean come on, it's just 5€ and it's pure awesomness if you love the old dooms, including doom 3, dead space, and all that sort of stuff. Great game!"
76561198100904720,Recommended,286040,9941448,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Otaku4Life,If Dead Space and Mass Effect just mate with each other. Then this will be they're neborn child that this very amazing sci-fi horror first person shooter is. Dead Effect is the most enjoyable game to play and recommend to buy it for $5.00 in early access demo.Hopefully this game will be more better and more fun once the new updates will arrive by adding more missons on the story mode and adding new CO-OP and PVP Multiplayer mode.Overall the final verdict is sore of 9/10
,Recommended,286040,10030872,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Juicecaboose,"think of deadspace meets doom 3, if that didn't turn you off i recommend it. for 5 bucks it worth it. although when i first bought it only came with the first ""chapter"" i think the game has more levels. but other then that its a good challenge and satisfying combat. best 5 bucks i spent, its the best moble port ive ever played. i rather play this on steam then on my phone."
,Recommended,286040,13546342,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dimi,"I had really no expectations on this one. Got this game since the trailer looked promising. After having played for about 20 minutes I loved this game. A really nice little game from an indie studio. The graphics are good, the sounds are nice. Maybe a other game engine would fit better but hey, we are talking about an indie production so this is totally ok. The game starts with an awesome zombie headshot massacre and ends with story which is build slowly during the progress of the game. The game took me 4 hours on normal difficulty to play through and was totally fun. For that price it's a steal.Get it or you miss something."
,Recommended,286040,9862667,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),GET IT NOW!!!!!!this game is pure fun and promises to only get better.  It is so cheap and only an 800mb download that uncompresses to 1.5gb.  What are you all waiting for?  time to put those puss-brained freaks back in their graves!!!
76561198027987051,Recommended,286040,13574143,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Juraj,"Very good game, I am glad the developers have made a PC version (I tried the mobile version in the past, but I am not good at playing FPS / 3D games via touch controls). Dead Effect is an old school scifi horror FPS and I am having lots of fun playing it. I have not finished the game yet, but I have spent some hours playing it, so here are my thoughts on its pros and cons:+ Good atmosphere+ Nice graphics+ Solid gameplay+ Good sound effects and music+ Collectibles and upgrades – you collect credits to buy / upgrade your weapons, gold to buy special weapons / autoheal ability, tablets to get more of the story and orbs to unlock another game / story information in the main menu – it is fun trying to get them all+ Clever achievements, I am having fun trying to get as many as possible- When the game starts, the initial sounds made by your character sound female even when you play a male character – this lasts only a few seconds in the beginning, but since I repeated the level because of the achievements, I noticed it more and more"
,Recommended,286040,13543186,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CrashTheWicked,It is a perfect Mixture of Dead Space feel with Mass Effects shooting and The bonus of Zombies
76561197970560183,Recommended,286040,10013920,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,cybercon,"Doom, Dead Space and Zombies whats not to like, for early access very well polished, icons could be a little smaller and some F5 save points would be nice as you can be overwhelmed by Zombies.Alltogether excellent, recommended."
76561198075246525,Recommended,286040,10019852,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Retro,"For early access, this works really well. Very creepy atmosphere, you are rarely safe, and then not for long. Very immersive, glad I tried the early access.{edit}--The screenshots on the store page don't do it justice, they look almost cel shaded.  Much more realistic in game.Update-Game is now in a finished state, but devs are still being attentive on forums in case of problems.  These people seem like they genuinely care about their customers, and want their game to be it's very best.  Runs smooth as silk on my aging system at medium settings @ 1680 x 1050.  If you like FPS games, sci fi, zombies or any/all of these in a game, you need this."
,Not Recommended,286040,25426510,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Grow Wings,"It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, but it's a lot closer to being decent than people are giving it credit for. If they fixed a few problems, it would have actually been fun.The first weapon you get is some sort of electrical gauntlet that recharges in a couple seconds. Because of this weapon, I found myself dragging fights out for as long as possible to make the most use of its free ammo. Not the most compelling gameplay mechanic, even though I know I'm more careful with ammo than I need to be.Ranged enemies can be extremely annoying, especially bomb throwing enemies wich deal 3-4 times as much damage as any other enemy at the point where they start showing up.The health system itself is simple bar segments, like hearts in old games. You regain all your health every time you use a health station, and the health station is then disabled. This makes certain areas MUCH more difficult than others based on the availability of health stations. Would have been better off going with standard health pickups.It's very easy to get pinned in by small enemies, at which point you may as well restart. Your character is really quite fast when sprinting, and you have a sidestep move that is actually very nice. However, none of that helps when the corridors are 5 feet wide and you can't jump. I know it was a mobile game, but being able to jump would have made combat MUCH more enjoyable. As it is, you can be standing somewhere and suddenly realize you can't move because 4 or 5 crawling enemies have surrounded you."
76561198223426672,Not Recommended,286040,29640158,Posted: 1 February,all,❥￭ ɮʊΤΤɛrfly ￭❥,Bought this game because I love  zombies.. But control an  aiming is  bad.  Zombies overpower you..  Making it nearly impossable to do anything.  Glad I didn't pay alot for this game..got it on sale.  Meh too bad IF the controls an aiming was better an indeed zombies was tweaked a bit be a better game.  4/10
,Not Recommended,286040,25629187,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Axelon,"Is this game worth $1? If you consider that money a donation to the team doing development, sure, it's worth it, but the game here is really rather raw. Technically it's a shooter. Technically it works. Everything in here is like ""Baby's First FPS"" which is to say there's potential, but it's almost entirely unrealized.I hope someone enjoys this and the team finds some success, but this game, as-is, has little to offer."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,286040,19383478,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IcUZe6tcmUThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Dead Effect is a first person shooter port that takes place on a ship where some sort of disaster has occurred, and all the occupants have been afflicted with a virus; zombies in space, what more could you ask for?  Well, for starters.....Content for the game is wide and filling time wise. One option that is offered separate from the campaign is that once you have completed a mission, it unlocks and you have the option to replay it if it was one you enjoyed, or one you wanted to improve upon. I like that they have this option, as you don't have to play through the entire game again just to replay that one mission. The lighting and effects of the game are reminiscent of DOOM 3, and do a good job of adding to the tense atmosphere needed for a horror FPS game. The voice acting is poor and overdone, and actually takes away from that horror feel although.There is a large variety of weapons available, but you are only able to take 3 into the game at a time, and there are rules to which three; (you can't put an assault rifle in your handgun slot, and you can't take an assault rifle and a shotgun but no grenades, for example). While the weapons have the right heavy feel and sound good, having a cap of three weapons undermines the large variety of weapons that are offered. You can always have a little of personal discretion or preference in your choice, but you will also be shoe-horned into using certain types of weapons as they all feel ruffly the same meaning some will be much better for wider encounters.Character upgrades are very limited; basically health regeneration. The weapons can be upgraded, for the most part by purchasing them with the in game money. The money system did transfer over well to PC, and is relatively balanced. What I found to be unbalance, however, was the difficulty settings. I normally play a game on the hard to hardcore setting, but in this game I found myself being one-shot by monsters on the easy setting, unless I adjusted the Gamma settings to make the rooms brighter. (Doing that however, took away from the atmosphere and immersion into the game). The easy difficulty setting plays and feels like it is the hard setting. This ties into the money aspect of the game as well, because when you die mid level, you have to use your hard won currency to revive yourself, and the further you get into the game, the more credits it costs to revive.Playing it on the easiest difficulty and being one-shot by enemies that you cannot see, and then spending your money that should be spent on upgrades on reviving your character instead, makes you feel that you are never progressing with your character. I go into more detail on this topic in my video review, which I encourage you to watch if you want more exploration on the reasons why.The multitude of irritants throughout this game including the difficulty levels, the weapons limitations, the difficult to follow story and the lack of character upgrades all add up to making this a game an unbalanced time annoy-er that I cannot recommend.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here.http://www.youtube.com/c/SocioPsycho"
76561197972445514,Recommended,286040,13477591,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Hellbishop,"Just wanted to chime in that am enjoying DEAD EFFECT immensely. The zombies definitely feel right especially when it comes to making the player feel overconfident only to be surrounded, killed and.. DEVOURED.Love the science fiction setting with all the futuristic equipment, ship computer, monitor screens, healing stations, environmental sound effects which add a extra level of eerieness and futurism.Am also real happy being able to choose a female character with her commenting on situations as well as the realistic voice acting.Weapon upgrades are cool giving a rpg feel of progression motivating me to explore every nook and cranny of the ship for money and ammo. Looking for orbs is also a nice touch especially since i usually dont look up to the higher areas of a room etc on a regular basis.Framerates are excellent on my i5 3570k with 8gb ram and a Radeon 7770 with 1gb vram and Windows 7 64bit version.Thank you BadFly Interactice, a.s. for a fantastic terrifying sci-fi horror game and much success be yours. Happy Holidays!"
,Recommended,286040,9993374,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Noided One,"This game has lots of potential.  If you included a basic jumping mechanism and a melee attack (if you don't already have one, if so I couldnt figure it out), this game would probably be one of the best first person zombie shooters I've ever played.  The horrendous lag is also a consistent problem, causing me to die constantly without any fighting chance.  I've noticed that it seems to lessen when zombies aren't around (which isn't very often), I'm sure these issues are being resolved and will be fixed when the full game comes out. The graphics, concept, and settings are stupendous.  I personally like the suspenseful mood of the game and can't wait to see what the full game is like!"
76561198022640636,Recommended,286040,29754295,Posted: 6 February,all,Jamison,"IMHO This is just an ""OK"" game that definately lacks the polish of DE2. The Game likes to put you into impossible situations. Repawns after death seem overly expensive compared to the amount of $$$ you can earn per mission."
,Recommended,286040,9913306,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,DOOM Guy,"I prety much got this game for free through trading cards, but from what I've played of it I like it.It's got a good, solid base and runs pretty smooth.I'd like for the graphics to be bumped up a bit, but this a a mobile port (I found out, it seems to have transitioned to PC pretty well)All in all, the concept is really cool, and I hope they get enough money to put in Multiplayer, because that would be pretty fun."
,Recommended,286040,10068327,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,blackops144,FUN game has lots of potental
76561198085184194,Recommended,286040,9861868,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Alpha Wulf,"http://youtu.be/PHC_98sbZQoThis game is pretty crazy.Im enjoying it do far! Check it out.CRAZY.Great graphics,gameplay,audio"
,Recommended,286040,9932790,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Monkey D,"Very cool game. The power is in the playthrough: for each rendition you get a different loadout with different upgrade options...each time you complete a full round of three missions you get a new loadout. It's kinda short, since there are only 3 missions total, but three playthroughs (which you have to do to unlock all the goodies) equals 9 missions total with the opportunity to collect achievements and unlock extras. Very recommended if you like achievements, survival zed horror, and supporting indie devos."
76561198044655462,Recommended,286040,10055351,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,GrimZypher,love it ! nothing more to say <3 !!!
,Recommended,286040,9951032,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Jerdingo #TF2SP,Amazing game! You can upgrade your weapons and get loads of weapons! The end of the 3rd mission made me scream so loud I got a sore throat and now it really hurts.10/10 do recommend!
,Recommended,286040,20514258,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ameldan,Surprising solid shooter.
,Recommended,286040,13469580,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rogers Todger,creepy as ♥♥♥♥ its like dead island meets resident evil but in space
76561198044937880,Recommended,286040,12506427,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Bosencaine,"Let me get a few things straight: 1) this is not Dead Space, Doom, or Left 4 Dead, 2) this is not what I think of as a 'twitch shooter', though I may not have a full understanding of that term, 3) this is not a low-power horror game the likes of Outlast or Slender.However, what this game does present on its own merit is a vicious, heavily armed, desperate tromp through hordes of the undead, in a space craft presumably designed by an engineering crew which assumed ship personnel would spring for an extra helping of bioluminescence in their rations. Unfortunately, this is not actually something which exists in the game world - just keep your flashlight handy.With a brief experience (and a shotgun), one might begin to subconsciously downplay the presented risks. I am convinced that this was a ploy by the designers to lull the player into a false sense of security. Don't be fooled. There will always be more zombies, and that slavering clutch of bloodthirsty undead shambling toward you are actually moving a little faster than you first thought. It also seems you forgot to reload after the last encounter. I should likewise mention that your stun gauntlet is still recharging after liquefying the nearest zombie's face, and you're a dozen mobile corpses away from the next healing bay. Better tag that reload button and hope you can chamber a few rounds before they get into lunging distance, because there certainly isn't anywhere to run."
76561198139903504,Recommended,286040,12831049,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,blackdevilslayer,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!! too bad it so short though :'(. also add more characters and unique abilties becasue i want other abilities then just bullet time . also give gold bars more uses like i dont regening ammo or just make auto heal slower and add upgrades to that
76561197983216698,Recommended,286040,12959506,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,mwildrick,"DE IS A FANTASTIC GAME SO FAR, When the full verson comes out I will purchase it."
,Recommended,286040,12795151,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Python,"This is game is fun, scary, and freaken awesome if you love fps zombie shooters! Great game for the price, and awesome gameplay too! I love the game already and i give it 10/10"
76561197970860897,Recommended,286040,12862051,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Custer701,"Dead Space, Doom3,... If You liked those games You'll probably enjoy this,  Good for quicky style drop in mayhem and destruction.  Promising title...kind of old school but fun...better voice acting would add much to the suspension of disbelief.  Where do they get these voice actors?"
76561198116375524,Recommended,286040,12855848,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Carnivorous4Mia,"When I played Dead Effect it was very creepy that it kept me on my toes thinking where are these zombies gonna be, when are they gonna get me. It creeps me out when I play this game, and thats rare. Because I play horror games a lot in my free time, they never creep me out as bad as this one! Good gameplay, Very Good Graphics, and the zombies are unique! Like, there are normal zombies that you can kill easily, and there are zombies your gonna have to kill with certain weapons to kill em faster. But the only thing I dislike is when you die, is that if you want to continue (Respawn) is that it cost in-game money. Other than that I Recommend this game to those who are big fans of Sci-Fi and Zombie games. 9/10"
76561198003141213,Not Recommended,286040,14868635,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DiscoTurkey,"From the start its clear this game is ported from mobiles, Fantastic graphics but thats about all i can say, if you die good luck getting back to your previous position without an arm and a leg for it. Typical ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game ruining steam."
,Recommended,286040,9839579,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,B-Dawg,"Great fun! Reminds me of Doom 3, with some flashbacks to System Shock 2. A quite straight foward shooter, where you fight hordes of zombies and collect stuff that lets you buy upgrades for weapons between levels. Guns initially reload very slowly, meaning you have to be careful and strategic, keeping you on edge. I was worried the game's mobile origin might hold it back, or it might be an ""on rails"" type game. However it controls just how you would expect a PC FPS to control (albiet without ducking or jumping). It's just a 3 level early access build for now, but I recommend it at this price."
76561198078121071,Recommended,286040,9875301,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ToasterFrog,"is such good game, even tho early access, y u no buy?buy.zambies in space,chainsaws in space. hooray"
76561198314918696,Not Recommended,286040,31229636,Posted: 18 April,all,Hitminion 007,"A very bad game. I can get this free on my mobile device. After some of the reviews I've read, I just plain don't like it anymore. If you're looking for something good, pass on this one."
76561198022759460,Recommended,286040,11780199,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,moonbeam,enjoying playing this game graphics look great is very well done for a small team would recommend this to anybody who likes fps.
76561198148843139,Recommended,286040,13017102,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Crom,For those who enjoyed Dead Space or really any sci-fi horror shooter. This is it
,Recommended,286040,17261309,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Gravity Cann0n,"This game, honestly for $5.00 is more than worth it. Playing much like Doom 3 on a smaller scale, the story actually isn't terrible and it's also pretty smooth running. If you enjoy an arcade shooter with zombies that's just an overall fun game to play, this one is a no brainer. Very simplistic, easy to get the hang of and actually quite a challenge. There's been a few parts that took me a few tries to finally overcome. Once more, $5.00, you won't be sorry for spending that."
76561198153247363,Not Recommended,286040,14890086,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Crazykidd10,"Not fun at all, got bored after i saw the graphics and the ways the zombies acted. not even worth the $1.49 i payed for it"
76561198056516209,Recommended,286040,18021058,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Eskillz,"A small, cheap zombie game with a dull campaign, cool gore, alright weapons and fun arena modes. It can be entertaining occasionally, but it won't hold your attention. 6/10.Oh, and grenade zombies can go kill themselves, even though they're already dead."
76561198009733550,Recommended,286040,9959829,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Girth_druck,Yes YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES all i can say.
,Recommended,286040,10902899,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Menin Gate,"Having just finished the early access release (it's only 3 levels), it show real promise.The gameplay is solid (there is no jump?), plenty of action, headshots and you get to electrocute zombies!! As a result their heads pop off which is quite humorous.There are quite a few O'f*ck moments and I look forward to playing the finished product. I love Wagners voice.All in all 7/10 gameplayVALUE 10/10; For $5 how could you go wrong"
,Recommended,286040,21523193,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Geru,A surprisingly fun game for what it is.Not for what it tries to be.
,Recommended,286040,13024522,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Bambam625,"very cool game for the price. I am excited to see where this will go!I will say that there needs to be a little more urgrncy in the reloading sometimes. Seems like the guy is leisurely reloading at a nice relaxing day on the range while he daydreams whats for dinner, while theres like 30 zombies right in his face. Even if it takes the same amount of time to reload, you should probably speed up the animationsa for reload, it bothers the heck out of me.And when youre reloading shotgun, and you click shoot, id like it if the charactter responded quicker. Theres like a huge delay. because when youve got four slugs in the chamber ready to go, and theres three zombies right in your face, itd be nice if you could justt pull the trigger and blow them away without a 1-2 second delay ( it seems like the main character is like "" hey hey, ill get to it in a second, hold your horses"", while hes getting mauled.Overall controls seem slightly sluggish to me.Id say it needs a constand stream of content, it has addicting gameplay, just not a lot to do.Longer single player story, more weapons etc etc. More depth and content, the game is worth the tim.Also, in today's day and age, theres no real reason not to include a jump ability. I would say adding the ability to jump would definitely help the quality of the game.And some of the voice acting seems a little cheesy, but not too bad, ive definitely heard way worse.Also- With the guys in the yellow hazmat suits and the fat guys who spit blood at you, id say itd be an improvement in gameplay mechanice if there were some headshot animations, or anything like that, if i shoot a guy in the face with a shotgun, i expect them to go down, regardless of how undead or mutated they are.Anyway- Excellent game, GREAT quality overall, im not ripping in the above statements, I just think fixing those few things would be a HUGE improvement. And add some more survival levels, and maybe add the option to go with no time limit, thatd be pretty neat.Overall great experience for an alpha game, WOULD RECOMMEND"
,Recommended,286040,10023397,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,[insG] KaMiKaZi_ChIcKn,Really fun game. Minor gun glitching when I crouch and it would be cool if a final version had jumping and a melee or some way to push zombies back when you get cornered. Definitely Dead space & mass effect 3 had a baby.
76561198028537639,Recommended,286040,32079705,Posted: 31 May,all,Cocknows,"Very fun game if you like shooting things, got it on sale and I'm glad I did. Very well worth the price and at 99 cents I'd say it's a no brainer. Try this game and if you love it like I do, try number 2 it's very good as well."
76561197997678124,Recommended,286040,14633517,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,fragkitten,"I wish there was a sideways thumb for meh. TLDR version at the bottom.Pros:This is a good game for killing some time and at the 70% off price ($1.49), it's worth every penny. I enjoy the mindless killing of zombies on a space ship. It doesn't take a lot of skill or effort making this game a decent time waster.Cons:For some reason, no matter how I adjusted the sound levels, I could barely hear the voice overs and the music was WAY too loud. I had to turn captions on to see what people were saying and sometimes I would still miss it because I was busy shooting zombies.After a few 'levels' the game starts to feel a little repetetive and loses it's luster a bit.TLDR: Good time waster, but gets repetetive after a little while so it may not be for folks with a short attention span like me. :)"
76561198170030190,Recommended,286040,24456646,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,I. Suck,"A great fps shoot-em-up game with sweet weaponry, good graphics and fun gameplay. I would deffinately recomend this game if you like gory games based on killing everything, and then some. There is a variety of weapons for almost every role, with upgradable weapons and no pay-to-win features as both in-game currencies can be got by playing the game and killing stuff."
76561198011502457,Recommended,286040,13189611,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),yeah new update made it look like a real game with all the options you needonly the 2 player mode would make this game complete but they are working on ita nice replacemtn for dead spacea space shooter zombie game
,Recommended,286040,21430358,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blackpot,"Science-created zombies are no better than the magic created ones, they hunger human flesh no less. This game reminds me killing floor, just in SP with more complex quests. Good music, good hunts, weapons to buy and upgrade, however all weapon have some bullet delay. Best way to save some gold for bigger ones, then blow away the place."
76561197983412898,Not Recommended,286040,28926243,Posted: 1 January,all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"Mediocre gameplay, voice acting, visuals, and plot.  There are better things to spend your money and time on."
,Not Recommended,286040,13426120,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Salty Bob,"TL;DR version: Wasn't impressed with this one. Feels amature.Edit: Used less harsh language but still would not reccomend.Regret the impulse buy on this one. Please don't do what I did and buy this on impulse thanks to some nice looking screen shots. The only thing this game has going for it is the visuals which are admitedly pretty good. Everything else is honestly pretty sub par. The guns have no real kick to them and the reload animations are D tier (most of the animations for your character could be much better as well), the zombie AI is very simplistic where all they can really do is move towards you and attack, the upgrade system is the same on all the weapons feels lacking with nothing but reload speed, damage, accuracy, and clip size (Some of them are also pretty bizzare in this context. Why is there a reload speed upgrade on the grenades?), the story is uninspired at best, and last of all the game just feels bad to play in ways that are hard to explain. It might be mouse acceleration or maybe just the movement in general. If this was still in early access this would be more excusable but if this is indeed the release it leaves much to be desired. Feel free to skip this one."
,Recommended,286040,13425532,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGcrs-L3eZw&feature=youtu.beBest one man  game ive played.For the price this is an awsome game to explore if:You love nice graphicsYou like unlocking deadly weapons (minigun included) as you progress and gain money.You enjoy space environmentYou are obsessed with guns and zombiesThe only thing lacking is the story. It feels like an old fps going from door through door.This game has the doom 3 feel but with  user-friendly gameplay.  You will recognize Doom 3 when you see the way monsters die and disappear on the ground after being killed.8/10
76561198072396470,Recommended,286040,14234738,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Chilatow,I really enjoyed this game. The story line is short but for a cheap little game this has exceeded all my expectations. It doesn't have any co-op which I think it could benefit from. All in all a pretty good game.
,Recommended,286040,11974584,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Smash9006,"I personally enjoyed the game and the difficulty spikes, once you level up enough everything becomes a breeze,  I hoenstly can't wait for co-op, The only problem I had with it is you can't jump, Its sort of like doom and I like that,I say buy it, It has some good gameplay and the co-op sounds great with a friend, hopefully it doesnt get too easy with two people."
,Recommended,286040,12048406,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Robotic Nurse,"Hello, I was testing this game with an OS and I have found somethings that need fixing.1. Mac Os version of the game dose not allow you to get in-game achivements2. You can't buy Auto-Healing3. Cross Platform Multiplayer (Co-Op)4. How does bullet time work exactly, I have tried and nothing happensThat is all, your game is great and im hoping you fix the problems so not just me but others would enjoy this as well."
,Recommended,286040,12128100,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Braeburn,This is an icredibly fun game thus far and I'm very interested in seeing where it goes. It's super well specced and runs on my old PC. I hope this game does well and I really am going to play alot more of it.
,Recommended,286040,21027640,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr.ChairMan!,Gr8 Game! :D
76561198116113488,Recommended,286040,9888303,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,comicfan88,"I play this game on my phone alot, so when I found out it was going to be on steam I was really excited to play it on my Mac.  This game is incredible.  Smooth game play, amazing graphics and a hell of a good time!"
76561198089864964,Recommended,286040,11508339,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Silent Eagle,"I think the game so far looks great, just a minor improvement with controls and we have a winner here."
76561198009609307,Recommended,286040,10051613,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,coungx2,"Have the Iphone Version, but i got to say the PC version is way more creepy, I like whats been done so far, hopefully the finish release has more content like missions, new enemy types like Bio-weapons, extra creepy atmosphere and other locations like a in ship botanic garden, morgue, planet-fall missions, puzzles, multiplayer. I would also like to point out, how do we access our collected PAD files, make them availiable in-game. Your help section needs an update (its still using Ipad/Iphone images). in all i really like it keep up the great work."
76561198100854231,Recommended,286040,9894937,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Billie Joe,Hey i just bought this game and wow its amazing i recommand buying it you will enjoy it
,Recommended,286040,11579667,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,PEENOOTZ,"i really like this game, in just the few minutes i started playing i feel it's potential and look forward to its continuation. i really recomend this game, go for it and buy it.although it may need more work, im my opinion i would like more graphics option or a tab with to go to Advance parameters.since im playing on my laptop it isnt the best way for gaming thus why i would prefer more graphics options."
76561198115829424,Recommended,286040,11603151,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,stormaura8,I recommend this game to anyone who like the dead space and doom sereis. Plus I have the ipod version of game and I have to say that I love this game and It is fun to play. Please make the full version of this soon so I can play it and love it
,Recommended,286040,9944305,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,its somehow good in that its janky bad
76561198119376787,Recommended,286040,13447802,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Single 'N' Sad,"In my opinion this game was bad but then i learnt that it was made by one man.And now i will be more forgiving of flaws due to lack of man power.Graphics arnt the best (again lack of man power).This is a ok game, Its basically dead space but with zombies.So if you are looking for a low price zombie game this is it!"
,Recommended,286040,11306085,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,GuruMeditation™,"This is my new review of Dead Effect.My first experience was, that the game had trouble running on my pc.I experienced an error about mono.dll, that even the devs didn't knew what could possibly cause this.To make long stuff short, the solution to my problem was removing Bitdefender Antivirus, and voila the game was finally running. So keep this in mind, if you got trouble with mono.dll, then your'e antivirus could be the cause of this.I'm right now done with the first level of the singleplayer game in story mode.And this is what my review is based on.The game loads fast, and so does the level i just played through.Once done loading you are presented with the current situation.(The devs have put a lot of sweat and blood into DE, the visuals look really good !)Partially a cutscene, in wich your'e character awakes into a nightmare.  Everybody arround you is dead, except the undead wich are pretty much ""alive"" and kicking. The first thing to do is finding the weapon that is close by. After this it's down with the elevator. Scream !! Haha i just love that. One more elevator down and a small cutscene, showing 3 zombies eating their dinner. Yummy ! Now my weapon will come in handy. allthough this little fellow has a cooldowntime, and you must be close to the target, it does it's job. The zombies are served with a quick death and i can add a pistol to my collection.....I could go on telling you people what's happening after this, but i rather advise you to buy the game instead. :)If you like old school fps games, and zombies, presented with great visuals and smooth gameplay, then buy this game!I rate this game 9/10"
,Recommended,286040,13242048,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jynx2700,"I would like to start out that I am am what I would like to believe an above average FPS player, I also loved the Dead Space series and Doom series and I can see it in your work with this game. Very very dark and VERY creepy atmosphere in this game, I am not easy to get a jump out of and you got a few out of me in the short time I was checking this game out tonight. The aiming seems to be missing just a little something, I am not sure what it is at this moment, I am sure I will figure it out tomorrow when I do a full review and get some video for Yout Tube. I actually like the fact that the grenades are a 1 and done for the zombies, kinda just like they would pretty much be in real life. Tossing them is a little bit of a challenge, maybe increase throwing distance and give us an arc reticle like in some games? showing us the flight path to give us the ability to aim it perfectly? The ADS and reload speeds seem slightly sluggish at start as well, I would expect (from the characters view point) someone that is suddenly facing down a bunch of zombies would be so hyped up on adrenaline that he would be able to get the sights up FAST. One last thing before I wind this down, the zombies crawling / lunging....they crawl faster then they walk lol also I would LOVE some sort of melee ability to at least create some much needed space, or at least the ability to stomp on their skulls while crawling at me. So far though this looks to be the beginnings of an amazing game and I cant wait to see this in the final stages of development! Keep an eye out on Twitch and YouTube for my streams & recordings, w/ commentary"
,Recommended,286040,13205521,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hammerheart,"This is a winner, a great game for Sci-fi fans."
,Not Recommended,286040,29349427,Posted: 18 January,all,z3rotek,"It looks pretty good. and I thought it would've been a good game. I tried it but couldn't be bothered after less than 15 or so minutes. Usually sci-fi, zombies, and awesome visuals would've been enough for me, but not this time. Sorry."
,Recommended,286040,12869946,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ponzi,"It's a decent game. Graphics look like an iOS game, but they're decent. It's overall very fun, but, the voice acting is TERRIBLE. The attempted Russian accent is laughable and the main actress's voice sounds sarcastic when she's supposed to be worried. Can't wait till the full release, this is gonna be a great game, but for now, 6/10"
76561197970527065,Recommended,286040,13540145,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,boner42,Great little game!
,Recommended,286040,13467902,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MISFITSWITCH,"I do not write revies much but I love this game. It is better then most AAA games that have came out in the last few years. It plays smooth, fun and the music gets you all pumped up. The Devs did a great job with this game."
,Recommended,286040,10382180,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ĦƐXΔ₲∅∩,"A cross between Dead Space and Doom (with more of the Doom side). The only downside to the game is the random, unexpected hords that appear in a lot of rooms. Weapons are great, atmosphere is awesome, and the voice acting is phonominal! For an alpha build at $5 this game is worth trying out."
76561198138204518,Recommended,286040,10414235,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,lil mayo,"Dead Effect is an awesome game and I really like it. The graphics are relatively good, apart from I'd like them to look more realstic e.g. the electricity from the electric gauntlet. I also wouldn't mind if you stepped down the diffculty a bit as me and a friend were only managing to scrape by on easy. Apart from that, Its a reall cool game."
,Recommended,286040,10089134,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,"Dr. N, Geener","early accessas in its current state, it feels like a moblie game, something quick and simple that could be picked up and played with little or no prior experience with this game. it also feels very solid for this, i would like to see where the developers are going with this game. i would recommend getting this game once its complete"
76561198012336820,Recommended,286040,9839207,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mortii,"Very good game .Its simple i like it , cool animations & good game music . (Y)The biggest question is :Who long can you survive?!"
,Recommended,286040,14657923,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zachary3D,I've paid $60 for games with a fraction of the content.9/10 -Devs That Respect Gaming.
,Recommended,286040,10105763,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,randomstuff,"With all the mediocre android/ios ports including a certain unity game from square enix, dead effect manages to seperate itself from the crapshoot by playing like an actual pc game.Sure its an ios port, the story or gameplay are nothing new or interesting, and the voice acting is about on the same level as those who voiced the house of the dead 2, but the work done on the early access version alone and the amount of polishing that has gone into the first few levels tells me that the development team has a lot of plans for this pc port and is likely not stopping anytime soon.So far im impressed, and it seems to be the best ios port that 5$ can buy at this point."
76561197979129536,Recommended,286040,10247422,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,hawklands,"One of the best rendered zombie games, 360 control support, I do wish it had cheats god mode is needed for me its hard, but maybe with 2 player splitscreen coop it would be easier and more enjoyable it is a cool! I like it."
,Recommended,286040,10098374,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,This game is really worth the money for helping the guys who got games to the pc try it its fun as hell and will feel really nice to those who are looking for something new in the steam universie!!!!!
76561198011965365,Recommended,286040,14658854,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"This game is an IOS game, but it is quite an impressive remake for PC game easy pretty cheap and with the trading cards you can atleast get half of your money back. The game is kinda short but the replay value is good and it will always get harder and harder as you keep beating the game"
,Recommended,286040,12869944,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/decifix,"This is a great game, Can't wait for the second one either, hoping that it'll add more uses for the gold bar, or make them sellable for in game currency."
,Recommended,286040,14023759,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,neoadorable,"Cool basic zombie shooter. Quite repetitive in terms of environments, but looks OK - didn't even know it was a port from mobile until read it in the reviews here. You get your standard FPS guns, though aim down sights is quite unneeded. Just hip aim for the head. Some nice but cheesy collectibles, choice of weapons is nice, but the really cool ones will require multiple playthroughs. Intentionally over the top and goofy voice acting (by a massive cast of three people) lends this a definite charm.Very much like Dead Trigger in spirit, except better because it's more structured. You will fight the same five zombie types over and over, but that's fine. Even for the MSRP it's not bad value, on sale it's quite good.7/10"
,Recommended,286040,14100463,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DingbatZiggy,"Aspect is cool, Weapons are cool, and atmosphere is amazing :P add co op or multiplayer and you got a masterpiece guys! Keep up the good work."
,Not Recommended,286040,29233858,Posted: 13 January,all,LYON -1337-,this is like the worst dead space rip off and it looks terrible as well...
,Not Recommended,286040,33913728,Posted: 30 July,all,Drake Skaletta,Boring and uninteresting zombie game and if you look at the privacy policy they actually data mine you. Avoid this game like the plauge.
,Recommended,286040,19071661,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Deadfxplays,best game ever just if there was multiplayer
,Recommended,286040,17198917,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Latis,"I overall enjoy the game, tried to get every achievment (and got almost all). But a few things that make me do not full enjoy the gameEasy difficult: the zombies can kill u in one hit, yes, but you re allways full of ammo, you never ran out of ammo, there is ammo all over the place and is easy just to buy a powerfull weapon in the third or four level.. so? whats the point of survival?.I finished my frist play in harder difficult without anyproblems, i died only a few times just for do not knowing where i step o the new zombie type enemies. And i never ran out of ammo, in the next game please put some more survival aspect :PAutohealing ♥♥♥♥ some achievments, since you do not need to use medical stations, but you heal yourself anyway, bug? or change teh achievment name to ""finish the level without taking damage""explosive ballista is so OP, with that weapon my 2nd play in NG+ was just a piece of cake, i beat most of the achievments there.Beside that, the game is just GREAT, nice story (reading all the pads i found) and nice atmosphere. maybe if i got less ammo would be difficult, but is easy to beatgood luck with DE 2 =)"
76561198141684494,Not Recommended,286040,14944458,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Brumpo Samson,"Horrendous.Annoying controls, awkward movement, Horrid graphics, VERY boring, horrible gameplay, and more complaints that I probably couldn't fit in this one review.Do not waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,286040,14736506,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,AFRICAN-CHICKEN CHARMER,Punched to death by a crawler through a wall.
,Recommended,286040,24568119,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Airsickcoot,"Short, Challenging and fun, this game can really test you on how well you can aim, and how you manege your money, its fun to play and it can help pass time and its interesting and i like it and its a good shooter, a array of weaponry and ways to find cash and earn gold to get awsome weapons and help you advance beating it, its short like i said but fun.(controls are a little weird but not hard to get use to)"
,Recommended,286040,19770573,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"I say this with genuine affection: ""Dead Effect"" is basically a schlockier version of ""Doom 3.""  Like D3, it takes place on a space station that has been overrun with Space Zombies. You, the Grizzled Space Marine, must stop them with your Space Guns and Space Grenades. There is much KERPLOWing and KERPLOOPing as zombie parts fly, and explosive things go KABOOM. Along the way, you pick up PDAs which tell the story of the Dumb Scientists who started the whole mess. Eventually you face off against The Big Bad Guy, and then... it just kinda ends.The main difference between ""Dead Effect"" and D3 (other than the former's much shorter runtime) is the nature of the combat. In D3, you were faced with a steady trickle of monsters that would pop out of nowhere and attack from a distance with pistols, fireballs, etc. By contrast, ""Dead Effect"" basically repeats one combat scenario over and over again:1. You open a door2. You see a group of 20 slow-moving zombies start shuffling toward you3. You pick out the one zombie holding a grenade and shoot him first (optional, but recommended)4. You walk backwards and pump shotgun blasts at the rest as they stumble uselessly in your direction, since they aren't capable of ranged attacks5. You celebrate victoryI'm really not exaggerating; that's pretty much the whole game. Personally, I found this to be quite fun in a mindless B-movie kind of way. But I could see how others could hate it with full justification.TL;DR: it's a boilerplate zombie shooter in space with repetitive combat. I found it to be oddly charming and competently made, and perfectly satisfactory as cheap fun. Others may (and do) hate it, and I don't begrudge them that. To each their own."
,Recommended,286040,30326899,Posted: 4 March,all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,a mini doom game.
,Recommended,286040,14696772,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"It's not a terribly long game, the story is quite weak, and the dialog is kinda campy. The gameplay is pretty decent and it's just an okay game, but it'll tie up a few hours of your time and you can't beat the $1.49 price tag when it goes on sale. =D"
76561198083145754,Not Recommended,286040,14701760,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sirlarryton,"Alright so your on a spaceship in space and you have to kill zombies. Sounds fun so you go and start at the first level and get your stun gun.......really a stun gun? Ok then you head to the next room and hear a scream fear starts to rise then you go down the small lift and see guess what? zombies! Now they are charging at you 1mph the terror that coming from you because of these dangerous creatures limping at you. Then you get close and left click and problem solved.Concept 1/2Now I'm going to say this when you use the words terror,fear,horror it should be about the build up to the creature your going to fight. Think of jaws now think how scary the movie would be if jaws was shown 5seconds in witout any build up. That's how the zombie are introduced. I should be scared not o look some zombies *opens fire*. The surivial part of this is done really well.Story 1/2The story is basic put it doesn't make us go who are we?Gamplay2/5The gamplay o boy let's talk about this. The diffculty of ths game spikes alot such as the gas room where the player will die not from the zombies but from the gas. That should have been put later in the game so that the player get's more experince . Also the death thrower zombies need either A. nerf the amount of damage of the explosive they throw. B. give the player aromor to reduce it. The reason why is from the insta 100% hp deaths I was getting. Also adding more death throwers doesn't increase the diffculty it just makes it more frustraing. Also I really wished I could have fought the gunner zombie more than one time.Also the player upgrades should have been spread out through out the game. The way they did it was o hey there were just going to give you a player upgrade three quarter into the game. Now go find the other's from this lvl on. That is not how you do it and really the upgrades weren't even that great expect with the increase hp one.Now I'll say that I did like the random drop in this game. It's great when you get a weapon that you really wanted. I also like the other modes when if you don't like doing the campine missions. I also liked how you used surivial part of your game very well. So it makes your player think before running in shooting everything.Music 0.5/0.5The music goes with the game.Gun0.5/0.5The player can pick what weapon they want(at a price ingame). Instead of the normal you only get these weapons and you can have nothing else.So I give this a 5/10 without a recommend cause the gameplay needs to be worked on. If the gamplay it improved then I could easily give it a recommend."
,Recommended,286040,11984033,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"Have this on my android tablet and love it on there  , tryed it on the PC and it is better in every way so if you like deadspace and the space type horror i must reccomend this game because for $5 you would be crazy to pass it up .http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=304843867"
,Recommended,286040,13451860,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pug Life,Really fun and worth the price.
76561198119128251,Recommended,286040,26464899,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Candyman,"Obviously not a Triple-A game, but it is a very, very good game for the price (Especially if its on sale for lower than 5$)."
,Recommended,286040,13587563,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,C. Fish,"As with many games that come from mobile, it's very grindy.  The good news is that the grind is actually fun.  You can play Survival mode and just go out on a killing spree without a care for the story.  You can do the story which will keep you entertained for a bit.  You can replay missions and easily collect credits.  Things that I wish it had was more guns and better awards.Pros:- Can be fun for several hours of mindless zombie killing gameplay- The grind doesn't get dull in 5-10 minutes- Decent/Good graphics for a game of its type- Obtainable goals ingame instead of the usual ""pay 99999999 ingame dollars or $1 for this""- You actually have close situations and not jump scares to pump your blood- First Person Camera angle done so so right.Cons:- AI is a bit odd at times- Another zombie shooter that only stands out because it's on Steam- Can't see your feet(I don't care but I know a lot of people get butthurt over this)Overall, a really nice game and I recommend it to everyone who is looking for a zombie shooter with realistic blood pumping situations of survival instead of forced or guessable jump scares.  9/10 Sloths."
76561198119394938,Recommended,286040,11478645,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hellcase.com,:P
76561198109233713,Recommended,286040,12439563,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lord Gamer,"Dead effect is very enjoyable reminds me right of the Bat of Doom 3/resident evil & Dead space in terms of Visuals and certian aspects of gameplay which which is great as the graphical quality is amazing good beyond what I exspected,This is early access still but it seems the core game engine is about finalised and it's in a highly playble state,Controls are fluid gameplay is fun adds a sense of panic theres a weapons upgrade system and the begginings of character upgrades I.E recharchable Health. Also randomised loot system says Harder enemies greater chance of dropping items.Playing through first few levels I got shocked quite a few times when a zombie Horde appeared around the corner or turn around to see a creature with it's legs missing crawling really fast almost no time to react fast towards me, worth the Buy in current state will update review as Neccassery.  6/10 So far"
76561197993334702,Recommended,286040,11343000,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,wardog,it dose not work it has a virus it works now thank for the help
76561198032914096,Recommended,286040,12396931,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Alphaflight,I highly recomend it to other gamers seriosly fun and crazy. Love it. More Fun better than doom 3.
76561198087913182,Recommended,286040,12500020,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,alien_ape777,"I absolutely love this game.  This is right up there with dead space.   If you enjoy playing dead space, you will definately want to play this, especially if you just cannot get enough of dead space."
,Not Recommended,286040,32377453,Posted: 12 June,all,zimmer550king,"This is a good game with some problems.- The voice-acting is comical and it feels like playing through some kind of comedy. So, instead of feeling the dread of stranded on a spaceship with zombies I laugh whenever I hear the voice of doctor wagner and/ or myself. I don't know whether the developers knew this and decided to proceed with it anyways just for the lolz.- The game isn't optimized for PC at all. The mouse movement is slippery and not smooth at all. I tried really hard with the settings but it never feels right. Plus, the movement is weird too. The character transitions from normal to sprint in a weird and abrupt way.- The horde encounter feels uninspired. Basically, keep your distance and shoot at them from a corner and you're done. And I understand that is the case because this is primarily a mobile game. I think developers shouldn't port a mobile game to PC and/ or consoles if they aren't going to change the gameplay at all. This honestly feels like a cash grab.- The story is surprisingly good but the voice-acting makes it look weird and funny at times. That Doctor Wagner sounds like someone immitating the accent of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It is just hilarious.I have yet to play the sequel. Hopefully, that is good."
,Recommended,286040,12381184,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,OcularRat19,Awesome game for $4.99 its not that bad i recommend you should get this. Can't wait for Dead Effect 2
76561197966619209,Recommended,286040,18037049,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Virck,"Wow, that is some great value I'm feeling!  There's a male and female character to start out with, I believe they have a different primary and secondary weapon, and you can pick up more weapons along the way, the zombies are challenging without feeling cheap, and there's almost a strategy to each level and many things to conquer.One of the best Indie first person shooters that had voice acting and a storyline."
76561198086976396,Recommended,286040,18027091,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Cookie Bear,"When I got this game, I thought it was going to be so bad because it is just so cheap.I was very wrong, this game is great.The undead swarm you, they are always in hordes, which means make your shots count. George Romeros will be proud."
76561198035500404,Recommended,286040,20619529,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GRATUR,"It is a so-so game for the price tag. Was not expecting much... however having played a lot of games and being from the generation of NES it is so head banging that in a FPS you can not jump at all. So far the story ended sort of ok (7) and the script a barely pass (6), the character did not develop but I did not have great expectations as you really follow the back story through pads scattered around, a bit like doom 3.Basically you are shooting a horde of zombies. Same as the Iphone android game I hear. There is a special ability, which reminds me of Bioshock. Neverthteless I do not know if I will replay more of the main story as I played on hell and it was a very easy game and no one jumps from behind so easy peasy..... Nevertheless the good things....Survival mode is really good, hordes of zombies after zombies, the other mode you can play is really good, not as much as zmbies from call of duty but you ahve fun, specially if you enjoy zombies shooting at you and not following a set path where you can go around in circles very easily.The upgrade of weapons seemed alright and fair. You want to be revived? You better spend some money collected in the game, seems alright. However I think they should let you be revivied according to your score, saying rather than spending the money you have found, which by the way is so easy to find, you should be revived as many times as your game score lets you.For the price tag? Fair enough. You love FPS? You can get better games out there. Enjoy shooting at hordes of Zombies and horror games? Jump in. Want to spend some easy time shooting something? It can give you what you are looking for.6/10"
,Recommended,286040,21515891,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,"RebelD, Empress of Death","Firstly, this game is pretty freaking fantastic. Secondly, its Indie and can compete with the ""top notch gaming companies."" Even if the campaign might be mildly predictable and slightly typical, it is delivered in a way that makes it far from that. Basically, as an elite soldier in a zombie infected ship, you must fight your way out or become one of those plagued. The first several missions feel really intense and that's just not because you might be new to it. However, I feel like as you progress, some of that robust flavor is lost. Needless to say, it's still a really good game with a decent set of challenging but doable achievements. Oh and I'd kill for the soundtrack, for realz.Pros:-Excellent graphics, style, and gameplay feel-Fantastic story, music, and campaign-Good length of gameplay and some replay value-Challenging and intriguing achievements (except one of them)Cons:-The ending (W.T.F?!?)-Overseer Achievement (hardcore grindfest T.T)Other:-I'm in love with this gameOverall: 10/10"
76561198003383149,Recommended,286040,13427583,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sporokotok,"If this was a movie, it's more likely a low budget film.  But was very well made one.  Just like the playing DOOM 3 for the first time.  It deserves a very good review."
,Recommended,286040,10155112,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,FadedAk,this game is awsome. i love where they are going with it. keep it up guys hopefully co op will be up soon
76561198044876660,Recommended,286040,10193620,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Rikoshi,"waste of time and money. rather just have bought doom 3.I understand you can not rival Doom 3. However if you would rather I compare to other indie games out there right now. my money could still have been better better spent elsewhere. However, since you have taken the willingness to message me about your game, it would mean you have good intentions and listen to those that play your game. I will give your game another chance in a few months to see your developement and see if it has improved."
,Recommended,286040,10200713,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,koalaKILLER95,"I like this game, it's really cool how it reminds me of the first Dead space with all the corpses and blood splatter on the walls with a mixture of Doom 3's dark closetphobic rooms and halls, but my only problem with this game is I keep pressing shift hoping my character can run even though there is no running in this game and some of the zombies have the same movement speed as your character making it hard for you to avoid them when your health is really low, also some of the weapons take really long to reload even though I'll have the reload time upgraded. For anyone who just want a good zombie game I recommend this despite the little problems it have."
,Recommended,286040,10152479,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Black Eagle,"Realy nice made game, nice graphics. Thinks are working like they should, well there are few bugs nothink special. Story is realy short for now, but very interesting. After playing missions, you can try survival and other or just try to get better score in missions. It's not that hard but it's not easy as well. I'm looking foward to see more of that amazing story as well as more survival and maybe some multiplayer."
,Recommended,286040,10078652,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,PooterPuka,"Wow, I just beat the first level on hard and got all the achievments for it. I can tell that this is going to be a good game. I am on the second level, and when you play it on hard you truely get a rush when you are just surrounded by the undead horde. This game is great for a mobile port and I can't wait for the full release of it. The story, so far, is petty and bland. It runs with the other ones in which you need to get out and kill everything on your way out. But the ride on the way out just blanks the story out completely, its so much fun. One thing they should add is a jump button. The voice acting will make you smile, this is one the games the InsideGaming would play and have a good time with. It is a good indie game and a great mobile port, I would give 8/10 or 8.5/10."
,Recommended,286040,10161891,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Bushman,"for a port game it is very well done even though its in its early stages,feels like a lesser version of killing floor. i have no doubt once fully released it will be amazing"
76561198011570983,Recommended,286040,10912268,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jakal,Dead effect is in early acres but there's still a lot of room for improvement. Dead effect places you into a horror first person shooter that every corner could be you last as zombies creep up on.  My verdict is still early but I do recommend dead effect 3.5/5.
,Recommended,286040,10925832,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"This is a pretty solid game for early access, Currently the game is about 1 hour long roughly . The setting is similar to doom 3 with a space station that has been overrun by zombies caused by an infection. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys  horror games and is willing wait for the developers to add more content as the year progresses."
76561198065266649,Recommended,286040,11000534,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Morpheus,"This game has potential, its fun to play but unfortunately at the moment there are not enough levels and game is easy to complete, although if this was made to be a multiplayer game i imagine it could be quite popular."
76561198046270843,Recommended,286040,10136152,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,rayman,"I found this game as a FPS extemely good. The onlything I found that there are not enough levels, you really start to get into the game and it the end in story mod. More levels would be great."
,Recommended,286040,10350736,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,gthom60,"I don't know what this guy is talking about, if you like fps then this is a fun game.  Sure the story-line needs a little help, but you don't play FPS for the story-line. Leave that 2 sims and RPG's , with MMPG and Co-op for the price you cant beat it. Not 2 mention it looks good and the weapons get the job done. Now this just my 2 cents"
,Recommended,286040,10351221,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Foxy|twitch.tv/foxynorge,"Awesome game, the engine in the game is terrific.The zombies are pretty scary and it actually made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself a few times.The game should have been postponed with a month instead of rushing it to release.It has it glitches like invisable walls/zombies.The only reason why I give this a thumbs up is because it's still in alpha and they can work on their glitches.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,286040,14652995,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,penis_,"I can't tell if this game is trying to be Killing Floor or Doom, but it's well worth the $1.95 I spent, check it out."
,Recommended,286040,18023499,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,hushedclouds,"***Dead Effect Review***Story: Aboard the ESS Meridian a ship powered by the latest and greatest FTL technology. Unit 13 (That's you) and crew are embarking on a mission to colonized the planet Tau Ceti f. Suddenly you are rudely awakened from your cryogenic sleep only to discover the ESS Meridian has now become a direlect with no sign of life. And the few crew members that are left have become unrealistically hostile and devoid of any survival instincts.Gameplay: If you've played any FPS game before, then Dead Effect is no different. Standard keyboard, mouse and Xbox controller layout, controls are very fluid and responsive. The games AI isn't the best, but it's far from bad. The AI becomes a little more savy on harder difficulty settings. Hell, they turn into excellent flankers and teleporters (just keep your head on a swivel, trust me). And what's a FPS with out a little ""Bullet Time"" (Rockstar should have copyrighted this word, all that money) gameplay action. Enabling you to see your enemies limbs and brains splatter across the screen and enviroment, to an excellently done soundtrack.Pros: Standard FPS run-and-gun action game with a simple story plot. Suprisingly good graphics with plenty of blood and entrails to look at. Dead Effect's musical score is quite impressive, coupled with an impressive looking enviroment it really helps set the games overall tone.Cons: Partial controller support, meaning sometimes (most of the time) you are forced to use the keyboard and mouse to navigate through most menus. Another pain being you aren't able to map all player controls to the controller, luckly you can at least map the buttons most needed to play the game.(((Verdict)))A standard FPS with great graphics, plenty of blood and guts. Dead Effect has an excellently scored OST with detailed enviroments and smooth, responsive controls. A game with an average story and AI, suprisingly fun while some might find it repetitive. Dead Effect is a game that offers quite a bit for its small price tag.---Score---6.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,286040,13207211,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Robdoggierob,"I already gave this game a bad review earlier today but thought ""hell why not give it another shot.""  So I got rid of my old review and put another hour or so into it.  And I still can not get past a few aspects of the game.  First off the grenades are 100% broken.  They are useless in the hands of the player and can not be thrown far distances.  But in the hands of the grenade type zombies they are a one hit kill weapon with VERY deadly aim.  Getting past how OP that sounds I'd like to address the issue of how the zombies behave.  I have ran in to multiple of this specific zombie type that has had the uncanny talant of throwing grenades around corners.  To top it off I also have had the joy of seeing them throw grenades out of their faces and or shoulders while being knocked back from my shotgun blast.  That aside I'd like to address the weapon balance.  I feel like the shotgun needs WAY more power to start off and the handguns and rifles need to be more accurate.  And yes I'm aware that you can upgrade them with time.  But they should not be missing point blank range head shots.  That's not ok.  /end rant.Ok now on to the good things.  I love the graphics.  The atmosphere of the game is great!  Zones are creepy as hell and the mobs move in a very creepy manner.  For a shooter this is actually kinda scary.  The controls are ok ish.  Could use some work.  For example the player moves quite slow.  You do however have the ability to sprint........very short distances.  Another thing I really like is the upgrading of weapons and gear.  I'm very glad to see that in a shooter.In it's current state this game functions like you would expect a shooter to.   It just has some poor design choices that I feel should be changed because they really take away from the fun of the game and honestly quite ruin it for me.  After all of that though I think this game will EVENTUALLY be f'n amazing.  But for now ........thumbs down....."
76561198071940144,Recommended,286040,13424236,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,taka hebi csgobig.com,i have just played the game for 20min already likeing it and its only $7.99 so worth it i would pay 20$ for this game
,Recommended,286040,20534813,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"very similar to doom 3CONS:very repetitivedoesnt seem to be much of a story. the story is weak and doesn't keep you interested.PROS:good graphicsruns perfectly, no stuttering jaggednesszombies, lots and lots of zombieslots of weaponsupgrade weapons with credits you aquire throughout each levelbuy nerw weapons with credits or gold (whichever is required to purchase the corresponding weapon)gameplay consists of walking into a room, kill everything, walk into next room, kill everything, next room, kill everything, next room, kill everything. i have not fully finished the game yet so it may or may not get better than that.i do recommend this game because i am a huge zombie fan and i enjoy killing zombies....this game offers that!!!overall 6 out of 10, so far (may change as i progress through the game in the future)"
,Not Recommended,286040,18020612,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Rooty Rootz,Pretty much ruined by a single game mechanic: grenade-throwing zombies.F*ck this game went downhill from the start. It was fun before they showed up.At least I only payed $1.49 for it.
,Recommended,286040,10669125,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,swiftshifty,play nao 9/10
76561198038742356,Recommended,286040,14447329,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Enigma88,"Not a bad little game for the money, if you enjoy games like Killing Floor/Doom 3 you'll get a kick outta this."
76561198001454789,Recommended,286040,24603187,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Charming Cthulhu,"Yes, it's a mobile port. No, it doesn't look bad. You can compare the graphics to Deus Ex: Human Revolution. And no, the controls don't feel like your playing a former mobile game at all - the developers really put a lot of effort into it.The gameplay is a bit like Killing Floor in a SciFi-setting, but with more or less linear levels. They aren't very long and the story is average, but it's a really enjoyable FPS if you don't expect an AAA game.There's also a survival mode, but I have more fun playing the missions. You can collect money, upgrade your weapons and find collectibles which give you background info, there's also a New Game Plus mode. However, I didn't complete my second playthrough because I quickly got bored by the gameplay while playing the lame survival mode for achievements.For 99 cents this is a really good deal."
,Recommended,286040,24435421,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Captain Jax,"I picked this game up for $0.99. It's your run of the mill, cookie cutter shooter. Not too bad for time passing."
76561198050044545,Recommended,286040,14632980,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Anacosta,"Get this game while you can!! It's dirt cheap right now at 70% off and it's worth every penny.The title of the game is obviously a play on ""Dead Space"" and ""Mass Effect"", and even though both of those games had zombies in space, to an effect, this game is more reminiscent of games in the id Tech engines (e.g., Doom 3 and RAGE)although it still manages to pull off a ""Dead Space"" vibe at times, which is really nice considering the first Dead Space is so poorly optimized on PC that it's often not worth playing anymore. but i digress; on to the pros and cons!Pros:+Visually the game looks great, and lightning and shaders are used to great effect. the particle effects look great and complement the environment well.+very cheap. SO cheap in fact that even if you don't think you'll like it, there's almost no reason to not at least give it a shot+The Zombies. Normally that would be a con, since there's just been SOOO MANY zombie games lately, but the inventive use of the environment and the fairly novel use of a space setting sets this game apart from so many other zombie games+The story. that's right there's actually a story in this headshot simulator. It's not necessarily a new or novel story, but just the inclusion at all in such a normally cut-and-dry indie title is a breath of fresh air, and most of the context is gotten through in-game logs and tablets, which helps with the immersion. I'm not done with the game yet but i am very excited to finish!+The sound. OH ! the sound! sound, ambience, and music is SO important in a game like this, and these guys nailed it. from the quiet halls with the creaking and settling hull in the background, to the tense and frantic zombie engagments, there's no sound effect or piece of music that feels out of place, and that also helps so much with the immersionNow, before i move on to the cons, i must admit that the very low cost of the game right now helps to eliminate most of these as actually bothersome, i just feel it's my duty to list them anywaysCons:-No one will be mistaking this for a AAA title, the voice-over work is just decent, and at times the tone of the voice actor/actress doesn't match their current surroundings or situatation (i.e., being in obviously dire peril and sounding unconcerned to the point of almost parody)-there's a certain ""sharpness"" or lack of polish to some textures and menus that's, it not bothersome, at least noticeable-It's short, it may only take you a few hours to finish the story mode, and after that there's not really any incentive to replay other than beating it on a harder difficulty or trying out the ""horde"" mode-Single player. This was not a huge issue for me, as in fact i am not a big fan of multiplayer games (outside of co-op), but i know the lack of a multiplayer mode could be a deal-breaker for someAll-in-all, i realy hope to see more from this developer, they did an excellent job with this game, and if this is just a sort of preview of what they have to offer, i can't wait to see what they come up with next"
,Not Recommended,286040,29369467,Posted: 19 January,all,Bertha PickleBags,I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK
,Recommended,286040,22877228,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nik,"Personally one of the best indie game I've played.The fighting is smooth and satisfying and there is an interesting variety of weapon and upgrades, the story might not be extremely original and mind blowing, but as an FPS is enjoyable and I'm pleased that they managed to fund a sequel with multiplayer that I will certainly pourchase and play during this summer's (2016) holidays.I played this game to the point to unlock every weapon and upgrade and I completed every map at the maximum level od difficulty, I liked the balance."
76561198046060015,Recommended,286040,21509276,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mahametta,"This is a fairly standard shooter with some quaint classic-era design elements to its credit that I find rather refreshing, especially after playing a lot of modern FPS titles.There isn't anything new or innovative here.  You assume the role of one of two space marine meatheads (the stereotypical male space marine meathead or the stereotypical female space marine meathead, just to clarify) aboard an FTL ship in deep space woken from cryogenic status up to a ship full of zombies, and proceed through a succession of linear mission levels usually consisting of finding a few switches to power up elevators or unlock doors and shooting everything that moves with a standard (and I'd say woefully small) arsenal of weapons.  No platforming (you can't jump in the game: a thing I haven't seen in an FPS since Doom), no puzzle solving, nothing requiring anything much thought. Just go to room, shoot all the zombies, get a few generic instructions from the badly acted German accented scientist, rinse, wash, repeat.  No spoilers.Along the way you find credits and gold bars to upgrade your arsenal, and a bunch of tablets containing various emails and communicaes left behind to attempt to flesh out the story and universe a bit more: you know, the same thing every sci-fi/horror themed FPS has done since System Shock.Really, this is an amalgam of cliches from System Shock, Doom, and Dead Space cobbled together for no other purpose other than to give us a familiar setting that provides massive hordes of undead to spend several cathartic hours mowing down.Go in with low expectations and you'll find a fun, competently put-together FPS.  Go in expecting more than that and you'll find yourself very disappointed."
76561198073600298,Not Recommended,286040,14962767,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Legacy,"Very bland gameplay with slow sluggish controls and a bland linear storyline.This game is outdated and very rough feeling, resembling an early Quake game. DE honestly felt like I was playing a cheap knockoff of Doom but with zombies instead of demons. The voice acting is just poor and no background or story is giving unless you really look for the hidden data pads found within levels, but even those don't paint you a very good picture,The zombies are easy enough to kill but one in particular, a grenade throwing soldier will instantly kill you if his incredibly precise throw hits anywhere even near you. But wait, if you die you can use credits found across the ship to revive!!Oh, but that doesn't matter when you are stuck in certain corridor or above elevators where the moment to move out to proceed, BOOM! the zombie will suicide bomb you over and over until you restart the level.Very weak gameplay, poor acting and story telling and a general feeling of unpolished gameplay, only get this if you can find it on sale for 1$.Personal Rating: 1/5"
,Recommended,286040,14660266,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[CULTSHIT]ED13,"In space aboard a starship with guns + zombies, good times."
,Recommended,286040,17423505,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Born 2 Game YT,AWESOME game!! Love the way you can completely explode their heads :D
,Recommended,286040,27384808,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wakane,"A nice FPS Horror. It's a short game, but there are other modes that you can play around after the solo campaign is completed.Grapchiss are nice. Controls are superb!The game is based on coins, because I think it was based on a mobile game (CMIIW) ? So you earn these coins as the currency to purchase weapons/upgrades.Story is minimal. Then again, this is a nice small game that really does its job!"
76561198061955363,Recommended,286040,14168156,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Null_Unit,Great game! A lot like Doom 3.
,Recommended,286040,14427189,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nixon Fox,Awesome zombie game really fun
,Recommended,286040,14397732,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BOONK GANG hellcase.com  plz no,Hard to stay alive you can revive with money and you don't have to buy characters.10/10
,Recommended,286040,14525856,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CrisisManagement,Games got some issues that I hope they address but it's also strangely addicting. Can't explain what it is but feels like a cross between Dead Space and Doom.I'm using a controller which works good while in FP mode but whenever I jump into a menu or read a data recorder I have to use the mouse. Most of the time partial controller support refers to using the mouse only in the menu and controller for the game. So I hope they correct the issue with having to use the keyboard and mouse while playing.Still all-in-all worth the money for a FPS.
,Recommended,286040,14595811,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,cb3000,"This is game that is built on gore, fun and guns. At first I was just critical like the Metacritic some of us can be but as soon as I started playing it I found myself getting addicted to it. If your a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and a multiplayer junkie you still may  find this a lot of fun a good breakaway from the crap that is now gaming - multiplayer and larger than life heroes that are unrealistic. Just fun!"
76561198155215380,Recommended,286040,14353500,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,inwardwinter,This is a well put together game with zombies in space! The voice acting is real good even on the Google play version for phones. If you want a non-expensive but still fun game I would defiantly tell you to buy this game!To the company! Thanks for putting this game on the market can not wait to see what happen at the end of this story line way to go and you have caught my interest!!!
76561198073648775,Recommended,286040,12354562,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Suma,"My first impressions of Dead Effect… (Early Access, Macintosh)First and foremost, the game is still in Early Access stage.  It is not finished and may still have bugs and in need of balancing, tweaking, additional content, etc.Dead Effect is a 3D FPS zombie shoot'em up game.  It heavily borrows the theme from Doom 3 and is bloody, gory and not for the weak hearted.  The atmosphere is dark and creepy, the gameplay is fast & furious!  It will at times, make you jump out of your seat.  You've been warned! ;-)The game is designed to be played repeatedly, as to gain credits and gold to buy and upgrade equipment and weapons.  It is not a game that you will beat over the weekend, so tell your friends they'll have to either buy the game too, or go home and watch Star Trek repeats again, because it's zombie killing time!  lolYou'll need to invest some time to get the better weapons and to experience the harder parts of the game.  It's no cakewalk!  I hear there are bosses to fight, so that will be another reason to get your friends to buy the game once multiplayer arrives!The game is only $5 at this time and is well worth the investment.  If you like killing zombies, and who doesn't, then you should get this game.  You can replay any unlocked mission for more credits and gold bars, it has two other game modes, Survival & Biohazard, and lot's and lots of zombies to kill!!!  Well what are you waiting for!  I FULLY recommend this game at it's current price, to any zombie killing enthusiasts!!!Here are my system specifications: Apple iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8, Journaled HFS+ Extended file system.The game runs great at 2560x1440, with all graphic's settings set at Extreme settings, but I run the game at 2560x1440, with all graphic's settings set at High.  It runs silky smooth at those settings and still looks awesome!  Great job dev's!  KUDOS!!!  Have fun!!!As the game progresses, or as I progress into the game (lol), I may update this…Edit:  I tried the game on my 5 y/o Apple laptop and it runs great too! Here are my 15"" PowerBook Pro system specs:Intel Core 2 Duo 2.66 GHz, 4 MB system RAM, NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT with 256MB dedicated video RAM, running OS X version 10.6.8 (10K549), HSF+ Extended file system.EDIT: The new update Beta v1.3 was released today!!!  There was a slew of fixes and additions to the game making this one of the best Steam Early Access games IMO!  I am surprised they haven't taken the price up since they doubled the size of the game!  The game is nearing completion on the single player side.Multiplayer is planned and is now in the options menu, but not active yet.   They added 6 more levels, making it a full 12 and they are not a breeze!  You'll need to grind to get the good weapons and upgrade them to survive the harder levels in the game.  Don't expect to beat this in one weekend!   Maybe two though! lol :-)They added run, dodge, new weapons and a new powerful AOE attack that is supposed to stun a lot of zombies at once to help get through the harder levels!  The dev's really listen to their community and are doing an awesome job applying their requests!Many KUDOS to the development team for their hard work and dedication!!!  AWESOME ZOMBIE FPS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,286040,25700866,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,xXReaperCallinXx,quite fun to me
,Recommended,286040,21850239,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kaiser Ducky,"Dead Effect is the (unofficial) expansion pack to DOOM 3 released in 2014 to hold you over until the new DOOM gets released. If you were disappointed with Resurrection of Evil, this should make up for it.In all seriousness, Dead Effect is a really neat game with a classic FPS feel, while bringing in a few modern FPS elements to the mix. It also incorporated a few horror elements to it, such as being very limited to how much you can run, a flashlight that actually takes some time to recharge, and a semi-limited amount of ammo to be collected. If DOOM, Dead Space, and F.E.A.R. had a threesome, this would be the baby. Although it is an awesome game, it's not something you'll play for 100's of hours, though I can sense some replayability in the game (I only beat the first few levels thus far)."
,Recommended,286040,25846085,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,paradust,"Dead Effect is a zombie horde shooter with strong focus on upgrades to your arsenal / abilities and a (deliberately) cliche sense of humour. It's got a bunch of imperfections, but manages to outweight them with a larger bunch of nice features.There is no map, you cannot jump, the progression is linear and the story line is not to be taken seriously - but it all doesn't matter; what matters is a nice zombie killing spree with a satisfying, well-designed balance between your firepower and the amount of baddies you are able to despatch using one clip.The assortment of weaponry at your disposal is concise but diversified - shotguns, bow and arrows and even a minigun. Each requires a different approach and technique. Rifles go well with headshots; shotguns mean close combat. I havent tried the bow, but I am assuming it will add the element of stealth, while the minigun will be the very opposite. There are more weapons too.My main gripe with this game is that it's really short - I managed to finish it in two sittings.The thing I liked most about it was how well balanced the combat mechanics was - something a lot of games nowadays, the latest installment of Doom included, have problems with.To sum up, Dead Effect is a pretty cool little FPS. True, it's monotonous at times, but the fun factor of despatching a group of zombies after another while hoarding in-game money to get upgrades more than makes up for the few snags."
,Recommended,286040,28916264,Posted: 1 January,all,McPhattz,"Worth the dollar paid during the 2016 Winter Sale, but man... I really wish there was in game jump.  When you play enough FPS games over a 25 year period with it's hard to live without....if I had to place the game it's somewhere between Duke Nukem 3D and Doom 3.Numeric Score: 5/7Lettering Score: C+"
76561198206713068,Recommended,286040,14525888,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,drewbchambers,"Gotta say this game is loads of fun. Finally a videogame with repercussions for death! It's a lot of fun working towards obtaining new weapons. It has some technical issues however; loading new levels causes the game to crash and often times the game itself will freeze and require a force quit, which is obnoxious when you're slaying zombies for those gold bars. Luckily the load times are very fast, otherwise with such serious glitches, the game would be unplayable, which is a shame because it's loads of fun. It's basically Doom 3 meets Call of Duty Zombies. KILL KILL KILL"
,Recommended,286040,14633745,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Outcider.EM,"Needed 30minutes of Fun, paid $1.50, got the fun."
76561198083068272,Recommended,286040,17689705,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,TheBeak,"Dead Effect is one of those ""it is what it is"" games.  In Dead Effect you get guns, ammo and bullet time.  In return you use guns, ammo and bullet time to knock the stuffin' out of zombies in ridiculous, cartoon-y splatters of blood, guts and brains.  You will do this over and over again as you collect money to upgrade equipment, find tablets to flesh out the backstory and enjoy some of the cheesiest, most poorly acted voice-overs since the beginning of time.  Don't let my smart-alecky sentences chase you away.  I had alot of fun playing this and am already at work on a new game plus with the intention of enjoying the other modes shortly after.  The game basically is a B movie splatter-fest combining Doom, Dead Space and Resident Evil.  It's not nearly as good as any of those games but it doesn't need to be.  It does what it does well enough and is plenty entertaining, especially for the low price tag.The game is deliciously simple and after stomping through Volgarr, Betrayer, Deadlight and several other games that required some thought, strategy and timing, it was fun to turn off my brain entirely for this one.  As a hard as nails space marine, you're way too tough to jump, think crouching is for fools and can't ran worth a crap due to your heavy space suit.  None of that really matters as you blunder from one point to the next pressing a few buttons (barely disguised as mission objects) while blasting every single zombie in your path with shotguns, assault rifles, magnums, pistols and more.  It's not very difficult, although the grenade zombie is a pest but as long as you have cash you can pick up right where you fell in a heap by paying to revive.  Dying's not much of a problem anyways because the levels are fairly short and really once you've got a few guns at your disposal, you'll shred everything like paper.Having a new game plus to carry over your gear and earn more cash to buy those elusive, extra expensive guns was a great idea and the weapons themselves are satisfying to shoot.  By no means is this blaster-o-rama without its flaws.  The graphics for the zombies, guns and splatter FX are all pretty solid but the levels are mostly a bland set of corridors, walkways and other similar areas.  It doesn't detract too much from the score (and as an old school gamer I don't give a hoot about graphics really) but don't expect to get any twisted scenery to match the dire situation your'e fighting your way through.  Since zombies are the opponent du jour, it was cool to see some varied types;  chainsaw wielders, spitters, grenade tossers, armored zombies, etc., yet none of them really pose much of a challenge.  You might die a few times at first while figuring out how to manage their numbers, but again, once you have the tiniest modicum of strategy and beefed up guns, they go down like paper planes in a tornado.While not a major problem, the controls will sometimes get you in a bit of trouble as they can be touchy and have you staring at the nearest vacant wall instead of the revenants you need unleash hot fury upon.  Another slightly irritating aspect is that other than the chainsaw, there is no melee combat.  In close quarters you've got the electric arm, shotgun or saw...but that's it.  It would have been sweet if you could carry more of your levelled up guns around, or swap out a few of the things they make you carry for other guns.  The grenades weren't overly useful at all.There's really only two bosses in the game (three total if you count the second encounter with the first one), but they are so easy I'd practically bet you 50 bucks that you won't die while fighting them.  Aside from very early on you're never in that much trouble, so those looking for a white-knuckle, bullets to bedlam challenge, you're barking up the wrong corpse.  This is seriously exactly what you need if you're just looking to shoot thousands of bullets, drop mobs of the undead and really only tax the trigger finger.  Nothing more/nothing less...  It was honestly alot of fun, if not something you have to have (depending on your tastes).  I will certainly play Dead Effect 2 and it'd be a hoot to see this with some multi-player options.  I'll make a list of pros and cons for you, and then please excuse me, I have more zombies needin' taught some manners!Pros:-Fun arsenal of weapons that are a blast to shoot and upgrade-Satisfying, old school combat-Enough secrets, modes and extras to encourage additional playthroughs-Mobs of zombies are a hoot to pummel-Easy to pick and up playCons-After a few skirmishes there's virtually no challenge-Upgrades are awesome, but also render you darn near invincible-Putrid boss fights that are far too easy-Controls can be a bit touchy and oversensitive-Few more levels wouldn't hurt-Other than the chainsaw, there's no melee combat or close quarters hand defense-It would have been nice to be able to carry more than 2 weapons at a time or at least swap out the electric arm, or grenades for another gunThis is a budget game that does things right.  Unlike the semi-horrid Land of the Dead, this is a zombie smashing romp that's worth taking.  It's far, far, far from perfect but if you know what you're getting and that's what you wanted, you'll have some fun!Rating:  7/10"
,Recommended,286040,18155249,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,El Nakhla,"Surprisingly fun and competent fps game.Game controls well and looks  as well as sounds decent.Quite short, but for its type it feels just as long as it should be as the action will get repetitive after a few hours.Definitely worth it's asking price and definitely something you should try if on sale."
76561198018544449,Recommended,286040,18945926,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,HighPalms,"Not a Bad game. For 5 bux, its alright to get. The granade throwing zombies are the only ones that killed me, with a direct throw at me. lighting in the game is dark just up the gamma a bit. it is a challeange to shoot the zombies. headshot kill em. I was a bit dissapointed with the ending. the bosds dies and credits roll. i never admired having to find money to upgrade my weapons. i liek the run and gun. which you can in this game. to really gather the story details you have to find a collect all the tablets. i failed at that. the game play is alright, considering that it has replayability, i give it a plus. mediocre at best."
76561198095882620,Recommended,286040,22329958,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Wobblekumquat,Really Great gameplay and weapons to choose from! The only slight problem is the bullet delay.
76561198195840986,Not Recommended,286040,18866969,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,wolfdrums,"I saw the game via mobile app, but was thrilled to try it here and was just as disappointed with it personally as I was with it on mobile. I really liked the premise of the game but like mobile, the controls are clunky and stiff and the game itself is riddled with bugs. For example, I went through one room, get ambushed by a zombie horde, back tracked through a door I came though to gain some distance, only to find I was locked in the room because the door was rigged to where you weren't supposed to backtrace upon the linear path set before you and had to restart the level. Next time I tried the door refused to even open at all.Again the game is nice but playing wise, unless you have no real bars set, it's another one of those clunky cookie cutter mobile games ported pc that is more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥then it is fun once the bugs and controls start to show their colors."
76561197974912593,Recommended,286040,17451190,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ReÑ¡ciÐe,Fun FPS. Worth the 5bucks+++
,Recommended,286040,24676183,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,"first 5 hours was boring... but then i collected ""52k money"" and bought a bow, and the game is more intresting now :)(upgrade weapons kill zambies. do story) <-- ggbought it for 1€"
,Not Recommended,286040,25433878,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,OneExOne,"Its just♥♥♥♥♥♥ they didnt even try to remove the ""keep tapping"" text that appears when you are opening something."
,Recommended,286040,29572010,Posted: 29 January,all,pecky-pete,it's not bad for the price. i will probably play it more in the future.
,Recommended,286040,21946157,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Bigdogagent007,"Fairly decent game, though I did think that the difficulty scaling needed some work. The game scales the difficulty by the number of zombies, and on medium/normal difficulty, i was just getting swarmed by zombies. I would have rathered them be harder to kill with less zombies than easy to kill with so many zombies that you have no reaction time. That said, the game  makes a fairly decent atmosphere where you can dive in fairly well. All in all, it was a fairly good game that I enjoyed playing. Will probably be playing more of it given that it has some replay value and I want to see if the female charactor gameplay is different with her seperate ""weapon specialties""."
76561198002986817,Recommended,286040,14717087,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"For this game, I got what I paid for. I paid a buck fifty and I got four hours worth of entertainment. It's a good game for the amount of money I paid for. The graphics are really good for such a small company but the voice acting is beyond terrible. The story is a traditional spaceship gets turned into zombies so nothing new there. The gameplay is a bit clunky but you get used to it after awhile. Once your guns are upgraded fully, you'll have no problem wiping the floor of all zombies. Its a good game, not a great game, but a good game. I like to play games that are cheap and good. I just wish it hadn't been so fricken short."
76561198078308113,Recommended,286040,30804118,Posted: 28 March,all,csgolive.com Yuji Uyoku,"0.99$ , not bad  , but don't pay more for it!"
76561198105445916,Not Recommended,286040,31051423,Posted: 9 April,all,Fugitive Mind,"What could have been a decent game winds up being frustrating due to cheap enemies with grenades and tight corridors when fighting hundreds of zombies.It's a shame too, because the gameplay is actually fun, the graphics are good, and there's a nice bit of content here (even if it is repetitive). Overall, it's  good game to kill an hour or two with, but not one to play all the way through."
,Recommended,286040,14655375,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Funcooker30,"This a good mini game type game, which is a good challange, that is a good change from lots of shooters."
,Recommended,286040,9837949,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Lolfy Boy,"I know its early access and all but i hope the devs read thisThis game was so hard at first due to no auto heal but still once you get everything like auto heal and better weapons like the shotgun the game is so much easier!ok heres the pros n consPros: Perfect atmosphere!Good Graphics (wouldnt mind for them to get better in a future update!)Lots of blood n gore (make the blood a lil more dark)Con: Grenade glitch when you scroll downPistol looks empty when you reloadToo many zombies at first (had to switch to easy mode)Even in Early access i do recommend this game because it can be a lot of fun.Score wise so far i give it a great 7.5 as updates come i will be increasing the score, i just love this gameEDIT:with the updates and patches im adding to the review!pros:3 more missionsnew weaponsability to increase your abilities (health, movement speed, how much ammo you can carry ect)Cons:Game is not done! xD!!!Autoheal is a lil slow at refilling healththats it so from a 7.5 i give it a 8.0 keep it up guys!!!!"
54564897984651684,Recommended,286040,11223519,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[PFK] Spartan,"I was looking at this game and I was like eh.. Looks like it's gonna suck.I WAS WRONG.I had 5 bucks saved up in my steam wallet so I decided to give this one a go and the quality and atmosphere are very good. I love it, it's very entertaining and fun. Think of Dead Space and Killing Floor when you play this. Also the soundtrack is surprisingly really really cool.My only complaint in there aren't to many graphical options and the player movement speed."
,Recommended,286040,10041376,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Schiz0id,"This is a great port. It's tweaked to for pc pricing. It has zero free to play/microtransactions, as opposed to their ios versions, and its just complex and just simple enough to merit hours and hours of your time.This game is no exception. The controls feel right at home on pc and the graphics are nothing to joke about. I'd say, get this game now, and when co-op is put in you'd be ready to rock.The game takes obvious cues from F.E.A.R. and Dead Space, but its the humor it has with the voice acting, the meaty weapons, the awesome animations, and even the random loot drops that makes this game every bit as fun as most zombie shooters out there.The game started off as a competitor for Dead Trigger 2, a game plagued by microtransactions. The first version was wonderful, but the second just felt cheap.Dead Effect has become so much more since then. These developers know their audience and know how to make great pc ports. (I'm looking at you, Edios Montreal!)Simply put, the game is freaking fun, and is also every bit as awesome timesinkwise as, say, bejeweled and their other games like Meltdown.Get this game, it's cheap as a steam sale and it's a great developer!"
,Recommended,286040,10086089,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,McShave07,"I heard this was a mobile game that you can get for free on the Android store (with micro-transactions). That instantly put me off. Bought it anyway as it's so cheap. Really glad I did. This is the best mobile game to PC port I've seen. How has this little gem, made by five guys, remained hidden so well on the store?This costs £3.99, yet it's still better than 90% of the garbage clogging up the Steam store. Yeh it has a few problems but nothing that the devs aren't working on sorting out."
76561198109855248,Recommended,286040,10386577,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DARKWATCH,aweome game Good mix of doom and fear some wat I'll give the game 7/10 just keep in mind it's still alpha but sadly finished the game in 30 minutes :( but good news thay working on the game so it will be much longer Can't wait when this game is finished it's go too be amazing so far I like the hole concept and the out of space zombie killing rampage I recomend this game too every one This game got high potential
76561197972691664,Recommended,286040,14319484,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bartimaeus of Uruk,"Dead Effect can be described as an old school, minimal bells and whistle linear FPS with an unimaginative plot and very sophomoric writing.  If you are an experienced FPS player you will recognize plot and play mechanics that have been inspired by or outright copied from such well-known predecessors as Quake 2, Half-life, System Shock 2 and Doom 3. so it has a very been-there-done-that feel.  All the corridors look the same.  All the zombie monsters look like familiar copies from Doom 3 such as the chain-saw zombie.   The weapons are your typical pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, mini-gun, high-tech cross bow, grenade types. The music oscillates between different versions of spooky sci-fi riffs and action soundtrack orchestral motiffs.  The controls are your basic W-A-S-D, space, 1-2-3-4 or scroll wheel (for weapons).  You do have controls for flashlight and crouch but these are basically not really needed.  You can't save during missions but you can pick up credits that can be used to revive yourself if you die.  Gold and credits can be picked up to purchase weapons and upgrades between missions.  You have two profile slots for a male and female protoganist but gameplay is identical regardless of who you pick.So, you might think that on the basis of the above description I would tell you not to buy and play this game but you would be wrong.  For the price I paid ($4.99) you get the gaming version of snack food - something that satisfies that craving to just shoot stuff for 20 - 30 minutes without the need to learn complex controls, go through a steep learning curve or possess ridiculously high eye-hand coordination skills in order to make progress. It's not really a hard game but just hard enough (especially in the beginning) that you actually need to pay attention and employ some elementary strategy in order to finish the different missions.  It does also have some nice options - for example, you easily replay any mission level that you like plus there are stand-alone game maps where, on a timed basis, you can practice with different weapons and earn additonal credits and gold for new weapons and upgrades.  So, when you don't have time to FPS binge all night but you need a little distraction or break from whatever boring thing you are doing  Dead Effect fits that need."
76561198040275876,Not Recommended,286040,12103955,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Judge Daring,"The Game looks and sounds really good, it costs 5 euros, it is gory and brutal.The Game also spawns way too many zombies.At this point i cant recommend it.I cant play through mission 3 on the normal difficulty, it gets to repetetive, ther are to damn many zombies..."
,Not Recommended,286040,24528860,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,bleh,"Something really really bugs me about FPS games with no jump option being constraint to areas by the tiniest of obstacles any reasonable person should be able to just step over is frustrating.even for the price, complete garbage"
,Recommended,286040,23096020,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,jasonerklestalder,"top game at a top price, its not hard nor easy and i think its very well balanced for the price and content. if you cant survive the first few levels then sooters are not for you"
76561198156047031,Recommended,286040,23657224,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wyatt The Great,very fun game. has its problems but overall enjoyable to play. simple and to the point. no multiplayer is its main problem. glad i purchased Dead Effect
,Recommended,286040,23142668,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[REDi]1R PTE Techguru,"Very fun killing zombies, survival mode is awesome !!! pew pew pew !!!"
,Recommended,286040,14207764,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,YouTube/Kire667,"At first I was hesitant to try it. Definitely a winner if you are in to have so many guns to unlock and upgrades to earn through grinding Survival mode. Well worth your time investing in the chainsaw, grenades, and chaingun. The gun alone will give you infinite currency to buy every upgrade you'll ever need. Always be sure to first restock your chaingun ammo after each Survival mode round. You can also collect bullets from lockers in the Survival maps. Once you max upgrade the guns of your choice and stockpile ammo - it's time to head to the campaign and complete story mode.Voice acting may be up to par of the first Resident Evil. But the gore and blood and bullet time make up for. Waves and waves of undead around every corner. Various types of infected to overcome. Enjoy!"
76561198025639250,Recommended,286040,14315988,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dragan,"OK PC people, lets get one thing straight, this game isn't going to win any awards for originality.It borrows heavily from the likes of Doom, Dead Space, Quake, FEAR etc. to name a few. Throw in a smattering of Resident Evil and I'm sure you get the picture. However, don't be put off as imitation is the sincerest form of flattery (so they say) and for a game which started life on a mobile this is an incredibly polished FPS offering.Sound and lighting effects are good. Nice visuals, chunky weapons (Shotgun a favourite of mine) smooth targeting and an easy upgrade system are all spot on and don't forget the fantastic price. It's old school fun with an Arnold Schwarzenegger sounding bad guy (what's not to like).Give Kevin Spacey a well deserved rest and have some mindless zombie blasting fun (love you really Kev, text me). You won't be dissapointed (mind you I was one of the few people who actually liked Black Ops 2 but don't let that put you off, ahem)."
76561198121718704,Not Recommended,286040,24986611,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jabobomb,This game plain out sucks... not much to it
,Recommended,286040,24485455,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Yojimbo,actually good game for 1e on sale.
76561197979875574,Recommended,286040,25168260,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"I don't understand the negative reviews.  It's a fun, mindless shooter in space.  This is not Battlefield 4, there's barely a storyline.  You wake up in a ship full of zombies.  You collect, buy and upgrade weapons.  This isn't Shakespeare.  You shoot things until they're deader.What I particularily like about this game are the different modes of play.  There's a sort of survival mode, a Biohazard, the story mode and a ""replay missions"" mode.  Whenever you progress in one, the upgrades and money are all counted.  One mission's a bit hard?  Here, enjoy killing X number of waves of zombies.  Make some money, buy a new gun or upgrade your fave.It's cheap, it's fun and you keep going back to it.  The morons leaving a poor score because it's just a zombie shooter forget that's the whole point.Thumbs up."
76561198095771550,Not Recommended,286040,21586781,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kimcruz,Just no.
76561198021757575,Recommended,286040,10001697,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Could Be Alot Better..Not To Bad Its Like Aliens..But With Zombies But Not As..Intence!!!
,Recommended,286040,32181558,Posted: 4 June,all,Yonyomi 🐾,"For a port coming from iOS and Android, it is very, very fun, with flaws, but hey, it's just 1€!!The devs didn't really spend time storming their brains when it comes to originality, it is a cheap mix between Dead Space and Dead Trigger. The sounds, some menus and icons are basically a cheap Dead Space copy and some of the zombies are kinda the same as in Dead Trigger, but as I said, for a 1 euro game it is fun and offers a good dozen of gameplay hours.As far as the shooting goes, it is better than 7 days to die :D Worth it!"
,Recommended,286040,14616677,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dr. Lucifer Crow (Nvidia Shield),"Just like Doom 3, hold the demons!"
,Not Recommended,286040,27931137,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cosporcos,"didn't expect much from a mobile port and still got disapointed.All good til the end of lvl 1 where i got the upgrade screen.guess what, the same looking zombies from the first level, in the second one turned into multi shot resilient zombies so you indeed need those stat upgrades. they removed the microtransactions but left the painfuly unreasonable gameplay there."
76561198104136705,Recommended,286040,19990489,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,武蔵,make my eye feel sick from graphic but game are good 8.9/10 where 1.1 go? animation yes... that it good as shi-
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,286040,19406309,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"+weapons+upgrades+music+textures+body upgrades-even with fully loaded weapon upgrades, damage can be low-slow shock recharge-not enough gold drops per level to get all weapons-gold bars to upgrade some weapons-/+graphics are not that bad-voice acting-no boxing-level design-story (if you can call it that)-dialogue-test tube baby-no jumping-backstory-end boss-paying $20 for this crap"
76561197973616173,Recommended,286040,13842555,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rosshaslett,"I have only just started playing this game and it reminds me of System shock 2. It is not as complicated as the afore mentioned game but I am really enjoying playing it. The zombies behave as expected but this does not mean that you can run away all the time and get them from a distance and the load time for the weapons are realistic, (take it from someone who knows), I have had, so far no glitches of any description, such a great time playing this that I have put this company on my radar and will buy the next thing that they make. I recommend this game for anyone looking for a bit of diversion because I think that you could not play this past about 30 hours."
76561198128064152,Recommended,286040,10170543,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,cheeki dimi,pretty cool
76561198043363390,Recommended,286040,13422866,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TheRevPlays,"Great game, love playing it, nothing like killing zombies in space!!!"
,Recommended,286040,13217830,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Good game for a great price....for sure worth picking up!
76561198225067632,Not Recommended,286040,30684301,Posted: 23 March,all,phreak311,I really wanted to like this game. But it's terrible. I can't belive I paid for it.
,Recommended,286040,14370161,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ReconSixth,I really really love this game! Not only graphics are good!! The price is just perfect!!!
,Not Recommended,286040,22700986,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TheNOURI78 ♥CSGOatse.com,BADShort not Fun :'(
,Recommended,286040,14137064,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DankBujjet,"Dead Effect is a mobile-ported zombie survival game (surprised to see one here on Steam) set in the enviroment of a spaceship, I will be breaking down the game by it's natural elements.Story: Surprisingly, this mobile-ported game has a storyline attached to it, but I was not really expecting a storyline at all when I launched the campaign up. In short, the storyline is VERY linear and basic, and for the rest of this statement, the storyline was not good at all. Luckily the gameplay of this game makes it still an average game.Gameplay: The gameplay of Dead Effect is simple and sweet, upgrading weapons you come across is nice when it comes to zombie survival games nowadays. Since there are zombies you face in the game, there are other variants you'll come across whilst blasting through the campaign. And what is also nice is that you get to upgrade yourself as well which comes in handy. What kinda bugs me since this was a mobile-ported game, there's no PC elements in the game, meaning there is no quicksave, quickload etc. Another gameplay mechanic I should mention is whenever you die you would have to decide to establish one of two options to move through the game, the first one is to restart, which does mean that you have to restart the whole chapter, while the other option is you can continue for a price of credits which is the currency in the game to buy weapons and its upgrades (luckily for your ownself upgrades there is no cost, but there is a catch). The price for continuing does change, I was playing through the game on Medium and I don't know if there is an increase of price when you die on higher difficulties. One last thing to mention, there are some extra gameplay modes in the game, there is New Game +, which is self-explanatory, another one is Survival, and lastly I saw Biohazard, not sure what that one would be.I don't really know if there's any other things I can cover about this game, but overall for a measly price of only $8, I would recommend to you to buy this game when it's on sale, since the storyline sucks, which matters the most in a game in my opinion. Don't take this review I'm writing the wrong way, this game is an average joe, but again, buy it when it pops up on sale."
76561198113203925,Not Recommended,286040,23018208,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Donald Trumps Right Testicle,"Genuinely a very boring game, if you dont buy the best weapons its near impossible to get through the game because its that hard. Story is alright i guess but not something i would play again. Mouse Sensitivity is like 10000000 dpi and can't really be played without going into your mouse settings and lowering its sensitivity. Audio is good but the voice acting is terrible. Feels like a mobile game, which it is. Dont recommend you buy it.I was looking forward to playing it but it just let me down. But on the bright side Dead Effect 2 is really fun and only costs 20 euros, recommend you buy that rather then this."
,Not Recommended,286040,32627570,Posted: 21 June,all,Stun,"Mobile game? Hello? This is Steam, not app store"
76561198027641358,Not Recommended,286040,12804185,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,=][= Overlord =][=,Must  say its kind of boring to play because i cant rly find action in this game you shoot zombies (mostly oneshoot them) i am a great fan of doom or zombie games overall but this hm not ATM! il keep watching the early access  and might change my mind but not yet!
,Recommended,286040,18016335,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Dead Effect is a fast-paced zombie shooter that was initially released on mobile phone operating systems. Similarly to Dementium 2 this is a port and as such its graphics may seem a little mediocre for many, plus, the story mode only offers a couple of hours of entertainment.Still, this is a great pastime if you finished other games in the genre (such as Dying Light) but you still have a hunger for massacring the hordes of the living dead. As usual, the game has a New Game + mode and a Survivor and Biohazard modes ensure we can still spend some time with it after completing the campaign.There are options to upgrade our weapons as well as the abilities of our protagonist and lots of collectibles (tablets expanding upon the story) make sure we return to a couple of chapters only to achieve 100% score. There are, of course, tons of achievements so you're gonna spend some afternoons with this one if you want to get all of them.Grab it if you are a zombie fan, it's only 1,5 euros if on sale. 'Nuff said!"
,Recommended,286040,13830256,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,|UKMD| oldgreydude,Really good FPSLooks great plays super smoothLots of replay valueBetter then some AAA games I've gotA steal at £5
76561198033101711,Recommended,286040,18632047,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Skullker,"How dissapointing...these so called comments are >.>""All giving a thumbs down, calling it mediocre, annoying, not worth it and so on.Are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s serious? xDYou try hard, critique, wannabes. :PHere is how I see it. This a gem of a game, covered in coal and dirt. Yet unpolished and somewhat ugly from certain angles, it does not fail to impress, the old school gamer from within bringing back an old feeling of real challenge. Yes some animations are choppy and unrefined, yes some textures look like they were ripped off of google images, cropped and copy pasted into the game, yes the mechanics and hitdetection feel clunky, even unfair towards the player at times, yes the voice acting/dialogue feels cliche and cheese and... so WHAT!?There were far worse games released at almost full retail price in the last decade by so called AAA devs with a far greater resources, still unable to evoke that glimmer of fun, excitement and fun playing them. And YOU are going to complain at a 5$ game, that offers you content at least 5 times for that, not to mention when you can see the hard work, sweat, blood and passion put in to this product? It's one thing to have high standards and another to be a try hard elitist game connoisseur. This is why we can't have nice things anymore. This is why we don't have as many innovations in gaming as we used to.To those consumers, that come from simpler times, of scarcity, novelty and patient gratitude, I warm heartingly recommend this game to you. Explore and survive this new zombie universe. Slaughter your way through hordes of zombies, in narrow, claustrophobia inducing halls, against true adversity from both enemies and game itself with a rather impressive array of weaponry. Forget and push aside the hateful, banefull words of the rabble and the ones who forgot what it's like to be a true game enthusiast of old. So gorge yourself on this games' beauty and make it succumb to your will, beating it into submission, as you have done with so many other before it. By the way I strongly recommed to not be discourged by the first 2-3 levels of the game. Take your time learning its' mechanics, its' flaws and mercilessly beat it at its' own rules. >:D"
,Recommended,286040,13423758,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ogryzek933,"Spoko zabawa zwlaszcza za taka cene , old school FPS na podobienstwo Doom polecam A+"
76561198085147034,Recommended,286040,25569718,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Cpt.Vaporwave,"dude! this game was so friggin fun for me! i tottaly recomend this to anyone! BUT BE WARNED theres alot of gore,which to me i like the gor i think its awesome."
76561198069285592,Recommended,286040,14494626,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NIRAHC,i do agree. Co-op and multieplayer would be awesome and make the game complete!
76561198122462660,Recommended,286040,13421485,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,CLARKEY,only done first level so far and i can see i am gonna finish this game lol cant wait for the co op survival mode.for the price what a buy to.
76561198043198803,Recommended,286040,25154386,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SoulKratos,"Excellent game that is desperately missing co-op. This was fixed for Dead Effect 2, but a late patch for this would be much appreciated. I backed these guys before Early Access and got it for $5, and I have no regrets.Imagine Dead Space in first person, with early Halo game graphics and Doom's very slow movement. Not an action title, but an excellent, casual gaming experience with some horror/suspense. You'll have a fun time. The price is right. For modern games, I would not have paid $60, but considering it is an Indie masterpiece brought together by 5 developers from various companies that came together for the love of video games, I give this game an A."
,Recommended,286040,13835098,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Westlin [GWJ],"First of all I would say I like this game.  That said it's a pretty poor clone of a ""Dead Space"" game.  The voice acting is pretty campy, the controls REALLY need an overhaul.  And gamepad controls seem to be an after thought in how it was implemented.  With some updates, tweaking, maybe added via FREE DLCs  (one can hope), and tighten up the controls and this could be a really good game."
,Recommended,286040,13802509,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Omegaprime02,"This game is an unholy union of Dead Space and Killing Floor from what I've played thus far with gibs and zombies everywhere.I'd whole heartedly recommend it to anyone that likes Killing Floor, but wants a far future Sci-Fi theme.  The weapons seem to be persistant, and I'm not yet sure what I think of that, but otherwise I have only praise to sing for Dead Effect."
76561197967271190,Recommended,286040,13810994,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lucky23,"Another fun game for around $5 on sale. The story is a little short since it can be played through in about 7 hours. The dialog is not the best but the graphics and gameplay is done well.  All weapons are not unlocked so you need to collect money or gold to purchase them. The game started off giving me two different pistols, a shotgun, and an assault rifle which are able to be upgraded.The game also has two other game modes besides the story which are survival and biohazard. Survival allows you to select a map and sets a time limit of 3 minutes in which you need to fight off zombies to gain cash and an achievement. Biohazard is similar but instead of a time limit there will be a total of 4 waves with the last wave including a boss. Once you finish the last wave you will be rewarded with cash, gold bars (amount depending on difficulty), and an achievement. Overall I like the game and will purchase Dead Effect 2 which supposedly will be released later this year.7/10"
,Recommended,286040,13821087,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wild-Bill,Great game so far!! Very worth thr price.
76561198043150302,Not Recommended,286040,30410583,Posted: 9 March,all,Cozy Pyro,"I bought this game for one reason and one reason only.it was on sale.Upon the starting the game it seemed good enough to warrent at least one playthrough, but oh my god, was I wrong.It was fun at first, realatively well put together, and it had an eerie enough feeling for me to enjoy. But after a while that feeling went away, the combat got slow and repetative, to the point where every level is a chore. But eventually you get this  one enemy that's just the absolute worst. He'll just keep on throwing grenades with no warning sound, and he can be anywhere in the huge rooms you come across. It's like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Not to mention the absurd damage and range of said grenades. I died to this annoyance more times than I can count, and it's so frustrating. I can't say it's worth the five bucks, hell, I can't even say it was worth discounted price I bought it for. Too bad I don't have a physical copy so I can throw it in the trash.P.s. When the girl character runs, she makes the male breathing sounds. Small but big enough of annoyance to make me hate it even more."
76561198158178233,Recommended,286040,13655748,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,iJonesy,"Overall, Not a great game but for the price on sale I'd say it was more than worth it. Was a short story, nothing special as far as shooters go. But, I had some fun playing it. So give it a try!"
76561197995113663,Recommended,286040,13621790,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,seanyboyuk,"The only way i can describe this game is dead space meets left 4 dead. Very good game, my only gripe is it could do with a melee attack and the scroll wheel mouse settings need to be reversed"
76561198085344854,Recommended,286040,14279599,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,darkknight91,Love the game it has been to long since i have played a good shoot em up
76561198269425322,Recommended,286040,28019193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Electr0_ruby,A short and fun zombie shooter that doesnt take itself too seriously.
76561197970456109,Recommended,286040,13701542,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Godsdemon,I feel this game has done for me what I wished System Shock 1 and 2 creators could have done with a more recent game engine.(I loved those 2 back in the day) My only regret is that the story/missions are short. (I didnt pay a premium price) Great job guys on the game! I hope to see more DLC of this game.
76561198011337069,Recommended,286040,13749872,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lord-Commander Volkov ☢,"Dead Effect. What do we have here, I wondered, when I saw it at a discount in the store. Generic zombie shooter in space #9001, as it turns out, but entertaining enough for a rainy day or such. Also, blatant DOOM rip-off, but personally, I can forgive them that.Story? Nearly non-existent and very predictable, cheesy as can be. Then again, with a game like this? Don't expect too much story. Has some interesting bits to it, though.Gameplay? Iffy in places, but fairly smooth for an Android/iOS port.Voice acting? Mweh, average, but there's some funny bits here and there. And of course the good Doctor's a German.Graphics? Mobile device port, so don't expect anything special.Sound? Fairly decent, weapons feel properly powerful too, especially the iconical shotgun.Overall, fun to play once or twice, wait for a discount and pick up this funny little game when you can."
,Recommended,286040,13423678,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Purple_storm,"Funnily enough, I brought this in early access and in the same day it's released as a full game...which feels quite odd because from what I've played I've gone with the expectation that ""they are going to add more"" (which they could still do as well as add fixes).So instead of a early access review, I shall do it as a full one.The game is nothing on the level of a triple-A title, this is a cheap n' cheerful FPS, the voice acting is sub-par, the shooting is...un-remarkable, the aestetic for the levels remains the same throughout the game (save for one horde mode map) but does good enough and has a nice arcadey vibe to it that reminds me a bit of timesplitters, mostly because 80% of the shooting, I shot from the hip rather then use the iron-sights, the iron-sights feel like...they just aren't needed, the gun's are plently accurate enough without them and the sights on the guns themselves...well...they don't feel reliable to land percise headshots.Dead Effect for me in the begining felt quite unremarkable, the weapons were serviceable, the enemy's were few and my combat options were limited but once you progress through the story, buy some upgrades, become stronger and more experianced, the more fun it becomes, so if you put time in to it, it gets better as you unlock bullet time and a AOE attack, both have recharges.There are plenty of weapons and plenty to upgrade them (although the upgrades are run of the mill that boosts reload speed, mag size, damage etc.).It's a nice little game that if you are looking for a new FPS to play just to waste time, this is a good choice,"
76561198002541740,Recommended,286040,18082474,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Azagaar,"The ending dissapoints (you kill the boss, and that's it. No finall cutscene telling us what happened to the main character).But overall it's ok considering the price."
,Not Recommended,286040,17716112,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,FaZe faggotjew,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,286040,13585323,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,plumerri,very interesting storyline and well worth the price. I just started but I can foresee that I will be spending my whole night playing it. The weapons and the scenarios are not unique but the gameplay is really entertaining.
76561198044757167,Recommended,286040,20107712,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Smileattack123,"bought for a buck fifty and had 3 hours of entertainment, worth it"
,Recommended,286040,23380316,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bulimic Zombie,"Great Game, Controlls arent perfect but thats what to expect with a company that initally just started. I seen you guys going really far with development and i am looking forward to a new game from your studio! not to interested in de2, but great idea guys keep it up :) Also i do a bit of freelance video editing as well as have an associate degree in comp. sience if there is anyway i can help at all lmk.email:gafine81@hotmail.comhuge fan of this original game! keep it up guys :) something tells me you may be the new treyarch in a couple years"
76561198061732453,Recommended,286040,24428481,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Echlord,I'll be honest.I had fun.
76561198013131299,Not Recommended,286040,29362511,Posted: 19 January,all,Badandy-119,No thank you.
76561198138736729,Not Recommended,286040,31006200,Posted: 7 April,all,benISbadATcsgo,"honeltly i dont care for this game, thats my opinion. Watch the story gameplay and youll know why..."
,Recommended,286040,22873291,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,WaShEDBuRnEd14,Pretty fun horror/sci fi shooter. gory zombie kills are fun to do. good achievements. feels a bit like doom.
76561198232205212,Recommended,286040,21544952,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,zeekeel,FANTASTIC GAME!
,Recommended,286040,22925084,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,palathas,"This game is really quite good. It's not an amazing saga about a post apocoliptic journey through space, but it is what it is. The feel and story is very reminiscent of System Shock, the first one, but so much better because of the newer technologies. The graphics are really quite good, not your cutting edge AAA title but this is a very affordable indie title and I feel this game is very much worth it.Everything about this game is very polished and slick, everything works as you'd expect it to and there were no hicoughs that I saw. All very good.Big thumbs up from me.I also looked ahead to Dead Effect 2 and it's even better."
76561198182480665,Recommended,286040,23945943,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mikebaunach66,"Dead Effect is a FPS Zombie game. It was a good game however it doesn't feel like a true FPS game for PC, in face the game was originaly for Android/ios tablets and phones so the controls repesent that as well as the overall feel, one feature is that you can't melee or jump. i got it for 4.99,Features-Decent Graphics (for the time and now)-Weird but easy controls-A variety of weapons-ZombiesPros-Good gameplay-Good graphics-Zombies and GunsCons/Pros-Extream Blood and GoreCons-None"
76561198031531351,Recommended,286040,21907669,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DANZIG is GOD,For $1.00 ?  f u ck yea
76561198150250132,Not Recommended,286040,17163466,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,(PAG)Y0$h1,Not worth no multiplayer just same boring missions nothing new to do just walk and shoot just walk and shooooot!Nothing to really say if you wanna shoot zombies then this is the game if you want a story then say no like you do to hoe's!
76561197988836567,Not Recommended,286040,17114848,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,tehfade,Terrible. Awkward controls and annoying enemies. Don't bother.
,Recommended,286040,18099881,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Richward Anime,"I like this game, but i was not expecting the 'f' word to be in it. So, here is how to not here the 'f' words throughout the game1. Go to options2. Go to audio3. Turn off speech audio4. Go to game and turn off subtitles5. You're welcome :)Overall Rating: 8/10 (WAY better than doom 3)"
,Recommended,286040,13424990,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lost,Its pretty fun. The cheesey voice overs make it have a bit of a comical side to it which I love in the midst of all the chaos. But! I lost interest after a while because it closely resembled Dead Space in many ways. Not saying its a bad thing Just I have played all the Dead space game a lot. But over all 8/10 for fun factor while I was playing.
,Not Recommended,286040,14645917,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nadebug,"Nope Effect. Digital cancer in its purest form. Don't buy, don't play - and if you pirate that piece of crap, don't seed."
76561198082033025,Not Recommended,286040,14939541,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mrpig8756,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,286040,24304972,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Re.Luzach,This game is friggin awesomeI love it
76561198048309188,Recommended,286040,21637728,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Derk,MY fail computer cant run it well and it makes me sad. All so sad. Like I chimpmunk trying to get a nut on a tree that is across a 10 lane highway in a crouded city. I would to pray to my allmight chimpmunk god to grant me strenght to get me across the road to obtain my nut but I fail to .............. I give up. I would finish this sentance but my imangnation is gone.I want to play.... so sad
76561198145320641,Not Recommended,286040,17565236,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,KingFox,"Very poor design in every aspect of the gameplay.Decent graphics, but boring."
76561197978967102,Not Recommended,286040,17661145,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Caveat,"The game is very short, beatable in 4-5 hours, less in story plus mode, so maybe 7-8 hours total playable time.The game is very static: Neither character or environment control is as flexable as one would expect for a 2013 title, and there is little to no randomization built in.Bugs in targeting (shoot the head, the arm explodes; shoot the body, the leg explodes) and target hit registration (being able to see shots repeatidly go through lower level targets) are also very noticable, espically in target rich environments.All in all - Save Your Money."
,Not Recommended,286040,14996773,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Danny1243,"Unpolished, unoptimized, horribly ported f2p mobile game is how I would describe this in short. I bought this game because I like to support indie games and their developers, but this port is just lazy. The phone interface still shows up, as if you'd be using a touchscreen to play it. The game runs at like 20-30 fps on medium, and like 12 on extreme. I should probably also state that I can get about 60 fps on medium in skyrim, and 45 in far cry 4 on medium. This game just isn't finished. There are so many things that need to be fixed, and yet people keep reccommending it! I could only stand about an hour of the game before becoming annoyed with the horrible balancing system. You use in game currency to respawn and buy weapons. ""Well that's not that bad,"" you say. Yes it is. The entire game is based around buying amazing weapons with real life currency to actually beat the game. I played on normal because that's usually the most balanced, and room after room I was surrounded by zombies. It makes me sound like a noob, but when you can't jump and are stuck in a corner being surrounded by zombies with no way to get out, it becomes frustrating. I have no problem being surrounded by zombies, but you can't jump AT ALL, you can sprint for like 2 seconds, and the character takes a good 5-10 seconds just to reload a weapon. All in all, this is a game for masochists."
76561198202763120,Recommended,286040,18792649,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[EXECUTION]_Dead Earth,"Pretty Great game. Great Dead Space theme, this is wonderful. Just saw that the second game got released on handhelds. Cant wait for it to be on PC :)"
,Not Recommended,286040,14948672,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Paul_Bruce,"Dead Effect fits under that broad category of ""atmospheric space horror"" games. This is literally zombies in space. ZOMBIES IN SPACE. Some of them have hazmat suits, and some are grotesque, chainsaw-wielding fattys, and some are giant, fire ball-spitting monsters. There are even grenade-throwing dudes. How are they able to function like this? How did they all get inside this space station? BEATS ME! But they are there, and you must kill them, and it isn't pretty. This is a fairly easy and light game and it only takes about three hours to beat entirely, so if that sounds appealing then this is serviceable fast-gaming. The boss is almost laughable, and it's one of the easier parts of the game. Forgettable but mildly fun while it lasts. I feel apathy more than anything for this game. Plus, where are the ""hidden spheres"" or whatever they're called? I did not find a single one through the entire game. It's whatever."
,Not Recommended,286040,16798980,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Pyro Mannco.trade,the game sucks the trailer made it look good but its not
76561198268814014,Recommended,286040,21869897,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lunya,"Simple, but very good game for it's price.Graphics are polished and gameplay is smooth.Recommended."
76561198047944623,Not Recommended,286040,14733214,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Alieen,"Muito fraco,me arrependi de ter comprado."
76561198076685952,Recommended,286040,18840999,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sotoyaki,"First off this is a port from a mobile app, so interpret that as you will. Secondly it's cheap ($4.99 or less if you get it on sale), so once again interpret that as you will. The reason I recomend this is that for a mobile port it has decent variety of weapons and a couple powers, a decent price, some story elements to keep you interested, small variety of enemies, and hordes and hordes of undead. While nothing out of this world, it was still fun to blast undead for a couple hours."
,Recommended,286040,18852911,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Anthony,Really fun game and good story line.  Bad voice acting but.
76561197983140368,Recommended,286040,18965775,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gorgutz 'eadhunta,Zombies are a pretty cliche' thing these days but fighting them in space is a nice change of pace. A good game if you are on a budget or are bored of the AAA titles.
,Not Recommended,286040,24509436,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheZach007,I regret what I had done
,Not Recommended,286040,23278594,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pustota,"I'm going to start with the basics on why this game is utter trash.You start out in a capsule of sorts on a space stations that your existance on it and how you got there is vaguely described using collecable tablets. ( Which no sane human being would try to 100% this game) The story line of this is horrible due to the fact it has no plot to begin with. The dialogue and voiceacting are poorly done. The graphics are terrible, and there's TWO bosses the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game. The only challenging part about this game is not commiting suicide. And how the vague german guy who's helping you the whole time is the stupid twist you could have possible done. The only reason I completed the story was because it was too late to refund this crap.In conclusion, this game sucks. ( Although he fact that it was 30 cents does't suprise me.)"
,Recommended,286040,16962740,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Tendawyn,"A nice zombie shooter game for a nice price. You have 2 characters with unique abilites to choose at start. There are not too many weapons but there are different kinds of weapons. Weapon upgrades are pretty nice but there could be more customization. (Laser sights, weapon flashlights, etc.) All in all i enjoy and recommend this game."
,Recommended,286040,15131323,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,-GoV- Squeze,"Let's start by saying i Paid less than 2 $ for this game so my expectations weren't big.This is a decent game, worth the price and probably more.Kind of a killing floor, it is actually kind of easy and even on hard difficulty I didnt have many problems, i suggest to play at the hardest difficulty. There's a new game plus mode that gets it harder, but it's not one of the games you will probably want to replay.Wont be a masterpiece, wont be a famous game but still I enjoyed my hours in it, especially for what I paid.Zombies are always fun, especially when many and you have lot of different weapons to kill them with. You can also upgrade them.For the 100% addicts there are several achievements no one particularly hard but probably fun to get if you like the game.There are 3 game mode that can keep the fun going for another 4 to 5 hours surviving hordes of zombies (main story last around 5 if you are not speeding).Pros:CheapNice zombiesSeveral Weapons and upgrading thing.Short but many things that can keep you going for some random zombie killing.Cons:Kind of easy especially if you use your powers.Silly voice actingProbably not the best story ever, but really does a game like this need one?75/100 for an underground and low budget game they really did a good job."
76561198044223878,Recommended,286040,15794966,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Doity Toilot,"DEAD EFFECT should be one of the benchmarks for all other indie zombie shooter titles out there. This game is FUN despite flaws in its story, mechanics, level design, upgrade system, or voice overs. Dead Effect was basically all I wanted out of Doom 3: a blood-soaked zombie shooter, NUFF SAID. No epic story, no tedious crafting, just BOOM BOOM SPLAT.Once you finish the campaign mode there is replay value in starting a New Game + or trying the Survival/Biohazard modes. I wish there were ways to customize your experience or set custom parameters for Survival/Biohazard but they were still fun when I wanted a quick zombie fix. I enjoyed gathering up credits/gold bars so that I could unlock all the weapons.The weapons are interesting enough and designed to be very satisfying to use on the zombies. The undead have enough variety to keep the game exciting and on Hell difficulty combat can get pretty intense. I also thought the music was entertaining, kind of a new-Hollywood spin on zombie horror."
76561198013848877,Recommended,286040,20654739,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ɥɐɹpʞoɹǝ99,this is an ok gamewill just do pros and consprosgraphics are not horrible for a portplenty of ammo (never lack for it)it does have a decent story line (generic story line at best but hey it was made for an android os lol)the a.i. isnt great but they do keep you on your toes.plenty of searching for goodieskey configurations are decentweapons seem ok and upgradablecould be more pros if i really thought about it but these are good.conseven though there is mouse sensativity controls they do not really work.looking around can be kinda fast to the point of motion sickness.though the key configurations are decentthere is a cpl that will spin you 180 degrees. (q and e)if you get paniced these are easily hit causing you zombie issues lol.could change these but i am just to lazy for it haha.cannot mantle things cannot even jump. so if you are in a room with a 2 inch ledgeyou will never get over it.the movement seems like you are skating. (everything else seems ok)the weapon prices are kinda high but remember this is a port from android tablets.was intended this way to get you to spend a buck to really buy them.its like those low budget fps games of old. weird looking arms holding a weapon.aiming isnt great and there is a slight sway when aiming.over all this isnt a bad little game and can give you mindles game fun for cheap.will remind you of early pc games like doom or blood.all the corridors seem the same but hey its a space ship. isnt like you are traveling around the world.so yes everything looks the same in diffrent areas. what do you expect for a 5 dollar game?i am sure there wasnt a huge budget to make this game so with everything taken into account. this isnt bad.i bought this on sale i do not know how much this is but i wouldnt spend a great deal on it.if its like 5 bucks thats a decent price i think but wait if you dont need something new for when it is on sale.
,Recommended,286040,30925698,Posted: 3 April,all,Jesse James,"Pretty decent game, good way to pass the time and not get too hard core."
76561198124559404,Recommended,286040,15117602,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,FairFang,"Nothing game changing, pretty simple shoot zombies, but it can get repetive sometimes, the levels can be short and the enemies are pretty easy to handle although there is that one zombie that can kill you in one hit, yeah that guy is a real kill joy. All in all it's not a Dead Island, Dead Space or Left For Dead even if it has the word ""Dead"" in the name but it's still a decent game to pass the time, but buy it on sale and only if you just wanna kill zombies with different weapons because thats all it has going for it."
76561198060616363,Recommended,286040,14728545,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Seraphiel,"One of the best games I bought for under $10 and well worth the full price! Overall, it is on par with Killing Floor. The graphics remind me a bit of Dead Space 1 because of the claustrophobic, slick spaceship design. DE has extremely nice textures, lighting, effects, and classic zombie animations that create a suspenseful and foreboding atmosphere which is fueled by a superb John Carpenter-like soundtrack. The guns that you can buy and upgrade, with funds earned by completing missions, feel very satisfying and add a large variety of firepower. The fast-moving game play, sprinkled with map objectives, feels like an updated classic Doom with multiple modes of play. I’m really looking forward to the co-op mode now in development. The FUN FACTOR is through the roof! This is a no-brainer must-buy for all First-Person-Shooter and horror fans. Well done, Badfly Interactive, thanks for such an awesome game!"
,Recommended,286040,23383544,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bernerd Backstabber The UnDieing,This game is a great FPS Zombie game and i would recomend it to almost anyone. The only problem i had with it was i couldnt really get involved with the story.
76561198030497356,Recommended,286040,21379077,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Amora Shepard,"It's an enjoyable enough game, if you can get past the fact that it can't decide on some things. Got it for $1.49 from a steam sale, and I have to say that it's worth no more than that. It's got the space plague on a ship thing ripped more or less from Dead Space and contorted into FPS form. Got a small variety of guns, with 2 out of the 3 shotguns being very clear on what they are/are trying to be. ARs are suprisingly the most reliable guns with the first one being pretty solid. Looting is easy since locked lockers can be opened with some mashing of the space bar and all loot having massive ""COME GET ME!!!!!"" holograms pointing them out. The shop feels like it was supposed to have microtransactions, but they never implemented the in-game purchases system. Stopped playing after the first boss cause they dropped the name of the game as the name of the entire zombification plague and said ""Oh yeah, the plague lets you bend time cause reasons"". Just too many little things drag it down."
76561198040068182,Recommended,286040,21492225,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bear,For the $5 price tag I was plesently suprised. I am looking forword to the release of DE2. Its worth it as a fun jaunt and time killer.
76561198015730303,Recommended,286040,21406539,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Grandp57,"Not bad, only the second I have played it since purchased. Just got Dead Effect 2 a bit of a disappointment this runs much better, smoother."
76561198074850627,Recommended,286040,21288654,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,sam.felder,"It's fun, but maybe I'm getting too used to checkpoints, but when you die (probably from a f**king grenade), you either have to pay out of the♥♥♥♥♥to respawn or restart the whole damn mission. I was even playing on easy! It's just that I can be kicking♥♥♥♥♥ getting head shots, finding money, reading the tablets, getting gold, have full health and ammo and BOOM! one grenade ruins it all. I mean that's justified, of course a gernade should kill you in one hit even with full health, but usually there's a two or three second delay until it explodes. It seems like right when it's thrown at me it explodes right away. Hopefully this is fixed if there's a second Dead Effect. I still recommend it, with some work it can be a really fun game."
,Recommended,286040,22217545,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Hero Acer,Good space zombie fps for the price.
76561197980582881,Not Recommended,286040,24968509,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr.Pink,Meeh...waste of time and money in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,286040,25101395,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dtorx,Game will not save - don't buy this game !
76561198115390412,Not Recommended,286040,21867841,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,A Triggered Feminist,5/7 would kill myself again.
,Not Recommended,286040,21896334,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,JV 469,"This is a bad game with poor design choices out the wazoo.-Instead of logos or an intro, upon startup an advertisement for the game you've just launched starts playing.-Despite the fact that the female MC has all her own voiceover work done, when you run out of breath from running, a male breathing file plays.-The only other speaking role in the game is filled by someone apparently instructed to do their worst German accent. Ja, really.-This is a FPS that was developed for mobile platforms.-The story is entirely supplied by easy-to-miss tablets you can collect - some of which have completely irrelevant messages on them - and is left unresolved after beating the game.-There is no jump function.-You can lose all of your stamina in about four seconds and it takes about a minute to recharge.-No matter how long you cook it, the animation for throwing a grenade takes nearly a full two seconds.-There are zombies that throw grenades that insta-kill that you can't hear or see when thrown.-The zombies are shamblers, so the challenge lost by the zombies being so slow is made up for by there being lots of them, resulting in the challenge being more frustrating than tactical and fun.-The subtitles all appear at the top of the screen and are often wrong.-The weapon selection is surprisingly small, and the system is set up in such a way that your best option, instead of buying a bunch of weapons and exploring the possibilities, is to spend your credits upgrading one gun as much as possible.-There is very little variation in level design or textures.All in all, this game's core design is brought down by poor design choices that make it a chore to play. This along with the fact that the initial concept (zombie FPS in space) weighs it down to having the potential to just be a mediocre game makes it a bad one in the end."
76561198015769026,Recommended,286040,14584119,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,drivemagnum1,Great Game. I really enjoyed playing it. Now all that is needed is a full version.
,Recommended,286040,21515854,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,drale,"Fun game for simple shooting fun. Not to fast, not to slow."
76561197992045016,Recommended,286040,16636746,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,noupperlobeman,"Dead Effect a sci-fi shoot-em-up where you encounter groups of zombies.Between levels you are given the opportunity to purchase upgradesusing the currency you've collected.It's competitive within it's price range, and worth the asking price. Otherthan the standard rough edges expected of a lower budget game, the leveldesign is the only let down here. They pit you against hordes of enemies,but don't give you enough room to move in the event you start gettingboxed in. It's easy to get trapped in one of the countless dead ends orbottlenecks should you try to fall back while getting over run.At the time of writing, I have only played some of the story missions."
,Recommended,286040,17945801,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Exnopeo,i guess it ok but too many zombies
,Not Recommended,286040,17251572,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Handy Man Kira,DON'T BUY ALL IT WANTS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFO.  TORRENT IF YOU WANT IT THAT BADLY.
76561198009025108,Not Recommended,286040,16265135,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
76561198162551985,Recommended,286040,16838026,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,goatman1213,really laggy and buggy  i cant move 1 foot with out it lagging some please fix this issue
,Recommended,286040,15443742,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,NINJA,Such a fun game 9 out of 9 (Cause its just not a 10 game). I love zombies and I love Sci-Fi. So what else do you need?
76561198095228172,Not Recommended,286040,20462529,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,HazmatMatt4121,"Terrible, just terrible. Very boring. Its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile port. Everything about the game sucks. Nothing makes sense the gameplay sucks, its ugly etc.Dont give them any money please. I dont even care what happenes to this review I just cant have my selp associated with such a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont reward them."
76561197976499177,Not Recommended,286040,20655021,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,mag,the chainsaw sux
76561198161616225,Not Recommended,286040,20668209,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,yaksha117,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. the controls are crappy and i cant even throw the grenades
76561198102715245,Recommended,286040,18784776,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dannie Fan,easy to die
,Recommended,286040,18828026,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hellmaster,mean game
,Recommended,286040,15595247,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,old savage 🔥,Why this game have negative reviews? Is a great game on this price! Don't worry to buy ! I get CD-KEY
,Not Recommended,286040,14205213,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,illage2,"I'll start by listing the pros and cons.Pros+ Works well enough maintaing 60fps and above+ Cheap+ No microtransactionsCons+ Doesn't feel right on PC you can still tell its a mobile game+ Poor audio quality+ Slow movement+ Poor graphics+ Tends to repetativeI expected a better port than this to be honest, however given its pretty low price its hard to resist getting the game. If you really want a game where you have to shoot zombies then there are much better options out there.  There's also a severe lack of options for the game.If you want this game by all means get it, but I recommend you play it on a tablet first as its free on Android."
76561198103487159,Not Recommended,286040,14250396,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Beer Mug The Russian Dwarf,"gets raly repetive,then gets very difficult,or i just suck.Anyways a poorly made game with a poorly made storyline with some bad spots on the game and cheesy storyline.Haters be haters"
76561197970708144,Not Recommended,286040,14327347,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,resiseven7,"I really want to like this game. REALLY. It reminds me so much of Doom 3, which I loved. But, alas, I didn't. Why? Well, first off, you need to pay in-game money (which you find scattered around the place) to continue from where you are. If you don't pay, you start from the beginning of the chapter/game (Don't know since didn't get past first chapter. I had already decided my thoughts on the game, and was not enjoying myself) I hate that kind of thing, and I know alot of other people hate it aswell. I'm just glad it's not real money. Second of all, it's really, really.... bland. Everything is the same. I was wish through my time playing I would find a new gun, or get to the next chapter or.... SOMETHING! Something new! Something that was differant from what the game was so far! The animations are laughable. Just look at the first 5 minutes of gameplay or something, and you'll see it. It's shockingly bad. But animations aren't everything. Gameplay is important. And the gameplay is repetitive. I do not recommend this game. If you like the look of it, check out Doom 3: BFG edition. It has the action, guns and monsters, while keeping the erie atomsphere.Like what this game was trying to be."
76561198151758728,Not Recommended,286040,14332098,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,LordInnsmouth,"Oh, my God, what a waste of $5!  Feels like this was trying to be a combination of Doom 3, with a little Dead Space, and it fails.  Controls are incredibly clunky, and the whole grinding things is just irritating.  Should have stayed on phones, or tablets, or whatever it was on before."
,Not Recommended,286040,14485311,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MichaelKire,"I have played an hour or two. No apparent bugs or similar things. The story is incredible boring though, which made me stop playing"
,Recommended,286040,21876441,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,GreenJPGSandRAM,Has better hit detection than Black Ops 3
76561198122421393,Recommended,286040,21878226,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SuPrEmE meme machine,Good game
76561198086468464,Recommended,286040,22616973,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,koray-brucelee,"I will refuse to go into so much details about this game.  As many have already given good, detailed descripsions and positive reviews on Dead Effect.When I heard it was originally for mobile phones, I was kind off put off, I will not lie to you. After reading lots of positivety and feedback about it, I decided to gamble and took my chances to purchase Dead Effect.I am not exactly an expert at reviewing games.  However, I willl mention this ladies and gentlemen....If you like killing the undead, saving up credits for many badass looking  weapons, being in a claustropbic abandoned space ship, replacing Demons, with Zombies.  To a similar ''Doom'' type formular.  Then Bobbs your uncle.It is worth every single penny in my opinion.  Genius little game design for four squids, can you really go wrong ?  The level of detail and atmosphere is nice, the graphics are good and well beyond passable.  More importantly though, with the mouse and keyboard this is a treat to play.The game is far from perfect but you can see it has a lot of potential.  It will surely give other game developers, lots of nice ideas.  So it could  further expand, with a real meaning in a beggining, of an interesting franchise.I read that Dead Effect 2 is even better.  Personally, I will wait for a slight price drop.  It really is a no brainer though.... Well done developers for porting it over to PC.  It is simple but satisfying.  A good job well done I think. Go for it and see. ""Splatt with all the eyeballs flying out torwards you and all sorts''.   XD8/10 is very generous maybe a 7.5/10 realistically.  I did not expect it to be this good. Buy it. Trust me. you will not regret it if you like zombies, you simply cannot go wrong with this."
,Recommended,286040,21859021,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Charly,"So much fun for only 99 cent on sale!!I'm into this game for only 30 minutes now, and it's pretty cool!First I thought this only is one of those many cheap shooters, but this one really got atmosphere and style, the spaceship feels real, the graphics are great, and all this with a cool soundtrack... yeah it's repetitiv but doesn't bother, you have to find your way through this large spaceshipt and fight those zombies, the game does manage to put the player under ""positive"" pressure, rushing to find the way.pros:-decent graphics and textures-good and smooth game-engine-good soundtrack-dense atmosphere-many different weaponscons:-aiming the gun feels a bit like  you're drunk"
,Not Recommended,286040,29524765,Posted: 27 January,all,DoomPickle,Those reload speeds X_X
,Not Recommended,286040,22429699,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,magoo,"Ah, this looks cool. Let's go through that door. Now where to? Oh, that room again? Here, again? Where do I have to go? Really, here again? Ah, now I know where to go. Where the **** am I? That room again?"
76561197982780933,Recommended,286040,26186050,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,KFC_bucket!,who makes this stuff? Im trying to like it butplaying on chapter 3 on easy and still getting killed over and over and start at beginning everytime  which  sucs or I want to continue it cost money where i left off but i need the money to upgrade weapons like it says EASY its not.Games today lack of short progress points or a save location or save on exit christ were not here all day playing this stuff over and over always repeats until you get through what the game wants. I get down 2 halls would be nice to save where i want!Play dead space or dead space 2 or dead space 3 any day! on impossible mode and its still funI found this game ok and frustrating at the same time only thing good it was 5 bucks its probably gonna be another dust collector watch a video first then decide if its worth  it.
,Recommended,286040,26239547,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jack Bright,This game is like a 6/10. But its a cheap 6/10 that entertained me for five hours.I'd say its worth the purchase if you can get it cheap. Generic zombie shooter that plays about like you'd expect.
76561198135763898,Recommended,286040,15932313,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,rc42,"Wow what a great indie game this is.Think Doom 3 crossed with dead space with a little painkiller sprinkled on top.This is not a triple AAA title but i payed £3 and was worth every penny.I have read some of the negative reviews about no space to move when a horde of zombies come after you,but for me this is what made it fun and tense and made the head-shot all the more important.My only gripe is that the weapons cost to much to buy and would be a grind to purchase , i made do with the basic pistol and machine gun.All in all i recommend this fun indie FPS and should be worth your time if you liked any of the games mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,286040,22199309,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bottleneck,"Update on my last review:I gave it another go, to see if it really was THAT bad.I still ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game."
76561198202181632,Recommended,286040,26696019,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,dragonking9746,bloodest game with zombies in space ive ever seen
,Recommended,286040,28178194,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,GraphicX,"At the asking price I'm going to rate this game a 6/10.It's quite short, not difficult on the normal settings & fairly straight forward.  A good game for just literally smashing through zombies with a small variety of weapons & upgrades.Graphics aren't ground breaking but aren't terrible either.  Game mechanics are nothing great & I experienced quite frequent slow downs & speed ups.Definitely worth picking up on sale, will keep you amused for a couple of solid sessions."
,Recommended,286040,15910535,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,WarrEn,
76561198101247628,Not Recommended,286040,19753888,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Angel Suzuya,You can get it for free in the app/play store on mobile
,Not Recommended,286040,18269508,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jack,"This is honestly maybe the 2nd worst game I've played this year. It is so bad. It is unbelievably bad. I can't believe how bad it is. The amount of anger I have experienced playing it is phenomenal. I don't even know how to describe this game other than say that all it is is watching reload animations. It takes approximately 3 seconds to unload an entire clip. It takes 3.5 seconds to reload. That means you are spending more than half your gun action reloading. And usually when you are reloading there are a dozen or so zombies around you. I hate this game. I really honestly hate this game. I have reloaded so many times...Maybe I never got the guns that might make this game fun. But you need currency to get better guns and every time you die in this game it costs you currency, and you die so much because your guns are so crappy that you never have neough currency to get better ones. You have to play the game to get currency, but when playing you die, and lose all your currency, so basically there is no reason to play the game. The game actually doesn't want you to play it. That's what I inferred from it anyway.It's horrible. Don't buy it. Don't play it. I want it removed from my Steam library. I don't even want a refund or anything. I just want it removed."
,Recommended,286040,29704002,Posted: 4 February,all,Brando974,"This is just my opinion but I do believe the developers got inspiration from Doom 3. Doom 3 had a terrifying atmosphere, where enemies lurk around every corner. Pretty similar with this, except Doom 3  is by far the superior game. The enemies are a bit harder to kill, offering a bit more of a challenge. I am not hating on Dead Effect at all. It's a great game so far and I will continue playing it. If you liked Doom 3 like me, then you are in for a treat. Happy killing."
,Recommended,286040,17588389,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Be back September 2017,Amazing. Lovely story and graphics as well as all out fun. 9/10 being the aiming is a little weird and Farming for gold and money is WAY to easy
76561198124151449,Recommended,286040,17650073,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MiLked up owen,"It's really good, some stuff might need some logical changing like a 34 gauge shotgun.... (the smaller the number the bigger the calibre) and if you choose a female character you breathe like a man when you sprint, I like how you can't jump, gives it a Dead Space feel and the soundtrack is similar to Crysis which i love. Overall, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,286040,17491982,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Satan,Стим начни кроспладформу с Aple или Android А то ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ одну и туже игру покупать на 2 пладформы
76561198094758787,Recommended,286040,17585409,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,[SKVR]derpbrigade,"This game is like a lower res Dead space. Now what I mean in this is it is an overall good game. The voice acting is really good, the music is to die for (no pun intended), And the atmosphere of the ship is a really nice touch. The ship gives you that No one can hear you scream vibe, Also the weapons aren't that expensive. The Price is good too. My rating for this game would be a 9.5 out of 10. Good job devs and keep up the good work.Sincerely derpbrigade"
,Recommended,286040,17688478,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cyka McBlyat,"It's not bad.  Just go into it remembering that it's a port of an indie iOS/Android FPS and that it 100% shows.  Other than that it's an overall servicable Doom 3 clone with nice weapons and somewhat impressive graphics (For a port of a mobile title)It's worth your $5 if you liked Doom 3.  If you didn't, wait for a sale.  Or don't buy it.  You're not missing out on anything revolutionary here, just a very run of the mill space FPS."
76561198095924054,Recommended,286040,23632228,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FusionJay,"The game is alittle bit slow, can be frustrating at times for that particular reason but the atmosphere and the direction of the game is awesome. The atmosphere feels like Doom 3 and dead space, not nearly good as them but an interesting concept. I don't plan on playing this game again but I have no regret in getting it for the right price to appreciate what it had to offer. They made a sequel of this game because it had potential and people seem to enjoyed this one.pro:-nice atmosphere setting-shooting zombies-variety of weapons to choose from and upgrade-two unique abilities================================================> For a $1 gameCon:-no replay value-Too easy-slow pacing of the game"
,Recommended,286040,23118615,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dodger Rabbit,Excellent visuals and challenging gameplay.
,Not Recommended,286040,17001982,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,The movie director,"mixed opinions on this game. you cant expect much from a game this cheap, but its ok if you dont have tons of cash for games. still recommed other games, even free to play ones. this game is also really repetetive and dark, it gets sad and boring after a while."
76561198038983036,Recommended,286040,17885432,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,masterchief,"for an indie zombie app game i recommend this, its a good game but its not excelent ether however there are worse app indie games then dead efect out there and this one is decent anyways lets start whats good.what i like:- a weapon shop.you can purchase zombie slaying weapons with credits or gold bars the shop contains weapons from pistols to machineguns to ravage the undead aswel as upgrades purchases to improve your guns, not enough? wel why dont you take the chainsaw and slice yourself trough the horde, still not enough? well dont be disappointed because you can instead take out the big guy (and yes im refering to the f'ing minigun) and mow the horde down.- different varieties of the undead.there is a variety of zombies in this game not so much as any other zombie game but enough that will try to feast on you. from regular zombies to minigun wielding zombies.-suit upgradesthere are certain levels that has suit upgrade stations wich gives your character upgrades such as: more health or stamina.-random dropsrandom drops happens rarely when you kill a zombie sometimes they give you gold bars or sometimes they give you a weapon or an weapon upgrade. (a weapon or a weapon upgrade drop is very handy)- survival and biohazard gamemodesin survival mode you take on an endless horde of zombies, your goal is to get a highest combo possile and to survive till the timer runs out, youl be rewarded with credits (amount based on difficulty)biohazard is pretty much the same as survival exept its wave based and without timer that can run out, you win the game by surviving all waves, and just like survival mode youl be rewarded with credits with addition to gold bars (amount based on difficulty and length of the gamemode) before you start a match you can choose the length of the gamemode and the difficulty- new game plusthere is new game plus wich you can take all of your unlocks to a higher difficulty if your tired of the difficulty your on.whats decent:-12 levels campaignthe campaign was fun to play but it isnt that special compared to other zombie games but its not bad ether for a 5 euro indie app game it was decent enough, for those who wants to play there fav campaign level again you can do so by choosing level select there you can replay the levels while still keeping your unlocks such as your weapons and its upgrades.now lets talk about the bad things in this game:-low amount of gold bars dropsthe gold bars that are getting dropped by zombies are very low on amount youl get only 1-2 each campaign level while you can get 8 if you play biohazard and if you set the game mode length to long and difficulty to medium grinding that is just way easier of getting golden bars then just doing the campaign all over again if your saving for a gun that cost allot of gold bars.-OP kamikaze grenade zombiesthese guys are tough, armored and anoying as hell one of the most dangerous zombie types in the game, these guys are gona make you swear allot in this game because they can instant kill you with ether trowing a grenade at you with a frontal hit or suiciding near you they are hard to kill since they wear a body armor there only weak spot is their head but its hard to aim at if hes accompanied by a bunch of zombies so focusing only on them isnt easy their damage realy needs to get nerfed because they where the main cause of my deaths in the game.-paying credits to get revivedthis is defindly one of the bad things this game has when you die you dont get to spawn near a checkpoint like most shooters do, instead it gives you the option to pay  with your credits (and the costs vary) and be revived to continue where you left of or to restart the entire level, yes there are no checkpoints in the levels so more reason to hate those OP kamikaze grenade zombies.-cramped roomstheres allot of times that theres to much zombies in small rooms or hallways wich youl get anxious, and its hard to combat them that way as you will get easy cornered and ganged with no escape.low stamina and batterys:your stamina and baterys run out way to fast and its reloading takes way to long long enough for a zombie horde to corner you or to suprise you in dark areas.wel that was it, like i said above its a decent game for 5 bucks youl gona enjoy it for what it is but i prefer to wait till its on sale then youl get a good deal out of it i personaly enjoyed and liked this game and im looking forward what the developer is planing to add in the sequel dead effect 2 wich i have sadly heard that it will be free to play unlike the first game wich is unfortunate. have a good day all thx for readingoow yeah almost forgot developer if you read this for the love of god nerf those anoying OP kamikaze grenade zombies if your planing to bring them back in dead effect 2."
76561198176433503,Recommended,286040,15224730,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,zazzmagicmaster,"At first, I thought that this game was an impossible horror story..........Then I made some adjustments, and learned to use a few tricks, and now I find that it's quite playable . ........... ADJUSTMENTS - I don't have an NVIDEA graphics driver on my little laptop, so the game ran somewhat shakey and surreal, untill I turned 1. VISUAL QUALITY 2. SHADER QUALITY and 3. EFFECT QUALITY down to the MEDIUM SETTING, and the game still looks just fine to me, and runs smooth . (What V-Sync, Antialiasing, and Anisotrophy is or does I'm not sure, but I don't think that I touched on those in the video opions .) ............. TRICKS - I originally replayed level one about ten times, to earn enough space zombie bucks to beef up my hot girly's shotgun, but then I found that I didn't need to do that . When I press the right bumper button, on my gamepad controller BOOM !!!!! All the zombies around me suffer exploding heads, which is a great way to get out of a zombie bum rush, then keep going in and out with the stun gun (you don't have to shoot heads), and you'll gradually be able to pick off most of them as they come in and you back up . Just get the rhythm down for recharging of the basic stun - about five seconds, and the head explosion thing - about two minutes . Also, take out the gun turrets with your hand grenades . Zombies with hand grenades get hand grenades ."
76561197963207023,Recommended,286040,32322219,Posted: 10 June,all,gabcik&kubis,"Recommended: (only) ON SALE!!!For a full prize, there are probably better games. But for 0.99 Euro, it is OK. DOOM3-like game with absolutely classic scenario about zombies' outbreak - on board of the spaceship, even with classic plot-twist (Hint - Far Cry alike). There is nothing special - just a cheap FPS for couple of hours, or if you have nothing better to do, just start the game for short time to shoot couple of zombies in some single-mission scenarios.PROS:ZOMBIES. Yes, they are like classic zombies should be - they slowly come after you in numbers and are susceptible to headshots.Weapons. Good selection of types, despite there is no reason to use some of them from one class, as you can easily get the best ones (i.e. no reason to bother with AR's as you will get the cheapest one in-game and it is not so hard to buy the TOP two of them - thus no reason to buy and upgrade middle ones)you can fairly change fight tactics by selecting special weapon (i.e. bow is totally different to shotgun or assault rifle)Decent graphics even for older PCs'Gameplay is OKSingle-missions, where you can get money, upgrades and gold (to unlock the best / special weapons)Special abilities - just 2, but both work as intended.CONS:not that long - but it can be advantagefinal fight is - well, ridiculousrepetitivecorridor. But Call of Duty is corridor as well ...even single-missions are corridors / closed spaces. The only one that pretends to be slightly opened has stupid selection of enemies.QUESTIONABLE:low ammo capacity. On the other hand - ammo is easily availableto respawn when killed, you have to pay. Not an issue, if you keep it in mind and do not use all money on upgrades (get some money in single-missions)storyline as classic as a wheel. But it is better than inventing wheel that is not wheel - with stupid results.Conclusion:Just an average game. Do not expect anything else, if you intend to buy it. It seems to be hated for its simplicity, but it is also its benefit. You can start it, make a small zombie hunt and go to sleep. No hyped storyline trying to force you to stay overnight to save the world :)"
,Recommended,286040,32388599,Posted: 13 June,all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Not Recommended,286040,14685853,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"Derivative gameplay, terrible voice-acting, mediocre/nonsensical plot and almost non-existent replay value do not a quality game make. The game is pretty short, and is probably one of the first shooters since the original DOOM that for some inexplicable reason (aka lazy level design) does not feature a ""jump"" command. Sure, you can shoot some zombies, but there's far more entertaining games that let you do just that, plus most of those let you play with your friends."
,Not Recommended,286040,18757246,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,b-rom,"I'm not sure how this game got in my library.  I hope I didn't pay much for it.  It's really not worth much.It's trying to be a typical zombie shooter but with clunky controls, poor aiming, competent at best modeling, highly repetitive zombie models, and not much more.  There were several special effects (for instance the electricity from the very first weapon you get) that look like they might have been done in MSPaint.  Most of the restrictions that were put in place to create suspense, limited stamina for running or flashlight power, only ever served to be annoying.Honestly, there are far better games if you want to blow zombies away.  Hell, if you want to blow zombies away in a spaceship there are better games."
,Not Recommended,286040,18059273,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Morroco®,"It's like dead space, in first person, with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns, and worse zombies. and you don't die, Ever."
76561198197471271,Not Recommended,286040,18760680,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Benevolent Overlord,"this game is a rip of ,lukily i got a refund , the grapics are crap ,the wepons are crap dont trust this game at all these people are total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for ripping people off"
,Recommended,286040,15282193,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,dbones,great game to just sit back and kill things can be hard at times but overall its an easy game to sit back and beat 10/10
,Recommended,286040,22832157,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Trim The D,"Dead Effect is a first-person, arena based zombie shooter. In other words, it’s a whole lot of fun! However, the respawn system is terrible but encourages you to not die or to not be stupid or whatever. So basically, it’s a fun game with a crappy respawn system but the awful respawn system isn’t enough to break the game or to not recommend.In other words, I do recommend buying this game but that respawn system is terrible. Pro tip: just don’t suck and respawning won’t be a big deal. The end."
,Not Recommended,286040,14699662,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RespectGiovanni,I bought this game because of all the good reviews but in reality this game is absolute garbage.-Pro'sNothing-Con'sNo Co-OpStory boring as f**kThe grenade zombie is TOO OPGameplay is the same for everythingMap layout practically the same for everythingDONT GET THIS GAME (I warned you)EDIT: Just found out they data mine you. Everyone should report them for fraud.
,Recommended,286040,14683303,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,dank meme,dead zombie killed me 10/10 best indie game ever.
,Recommended,286040,29365638,Posted: 19 January,all,PhantomSoldier,fun arcade zombie style shooter and great time killer i reccomend.
76561198308605439,Recommended,286040,25514368,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SweenyTodd,Brilliant lill game and not too powerful for my ancient compac presaario....hoping the sequel will be just as great as this one :D
76561198061262649,Not Recommended,286040,14812883,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HARDBASS,420
76561198155192289,Recommended,286040,25654298,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Silent,"yup , pretty nice game but if you can add multiplayer , cooperative , play with friends , you know ."
76561198152287124,Recommended,286040,14639921,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,All Intensive Porpoises,"I played the IOS version of this when it first came out 2 years ago.This game is a definite improvement of the IOS version.Although short, it is worth replaying and is very fun."
,Recommended,286040,16551390,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The DayDrinker,plyed for 40 mins and got poisoned while being gaped by a group of zombie ma♥♥♥♥as and it made me want to curcumsize myself with a rusty phillipshead screwdriverIGN- 10/10PC Gamer- 100/100Pewdiepie- Ducksimulater/10Gamespot- GuchiHandbag/10
,Recommended,286040,29916775,Posted: 14 February,all,MasterZoen,"Graphics: 3/5Music: 4/5Sound: 2/5Controls: 3/5Gameplay: 4/5Overall: 3/5Some games make you grin when you think about them. Some games make you cringe when you think about them. This game causes me to do both, and for the same reasons.This is one of those games where you are surrounded by enemies, have limited ammo, and are stuck in a cramped space the whole game. This is part of what makes me cringe when thinking about this game.Despite that you are stuck in a cramped space, there is no ""enter cover"" system like you would find in Mass Effect 3 or Gears of War. If you want to hang back around a corner and send rounds into the skulls of the zombies, then you can. You can even position yourself so that you can clip the arm/leg/ammo box of a target without taking fire from them until they move enough to actually hit you. This makes me grin, as I dislike the cover system that's implemented in Gears of War.You can pick up credits just lying around the map to upgrade your weapons damage, piercing, fire rate, reload speed, and accuracy in between maps. This, too, makes me grin, since I like upgrading weapons to make them more capable.Speaking of the maps, if you've got 30 minutes to kill, you can run most of the maps in that time. They aren't horribly long, and there really isn't any secrets to find like in DOOM, Hard Reset, or Borderlands.The games graphics are not going to win any awards, and the whole game is basically a tunnel shooter with flashing warning lights and hissing of pipes letting of putrid green gas to create that creepy vibe, but they aren't horrible and give proper illusion of depth. The zombies look obviously ""not real"" in way that makes me smile as well and think back to the ""Return of the Living Dead"" movie. The game easily hits and holds 60 FPS, with vsync on, not even slowing down when there's 10+ enemies in view and I'm unloading buckshot for all I'm worth on my High End system.Unfortunately, the controls as default seemed to make this unplayable. This is in large part thanks to a setting under ""Gameplay options"" called ""Mouse Acceleration."" Normally, when you move your mouse, the cursor on screen follows that movement at a flat ratio. If moving the mouse 1 inch results in the mouse cursor moving 3 inches, then moving the mouse 2 inches should result in the cursor moving 6 inches. Acceleration throws that out the window, and sometimes you'll turn to your left properly and sometimes you will turn all the way around and be looking behind you. Sometimes it's somewhere in between. Just move this slider all the way to the left and that problem goes away.Overall, this is a fun game experience in my opinion, though nothing you will brag to your friends about."
,Recommended,286040,32531299,Posted: 18 June,all,Mindstyler,This is a great game if you want some action and just want to shoot some stupid zombies. There are also many different weapons to unlock and so the fun lasts long.
,Recommended,286040,15093575,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,M3llow,ITS BEAST!!!!!
76561198132443266,Not Recommended,286040,15126196,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,jjsageng,"This games does not offer save games or save points. For a player like me, who plays for relatively short peroids of time, this makes the game unplayable. Each time you open the game you have to play the same levels over and over again until it becomes a chore."
,Recommended,286040,15196268,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,McTwitchems,Arnold Schartzeneger makes a funny mad scientist.......... also zombies.
,Recommended,286040,18104402,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Glacial,"Alright. Dead Effect. Where do I start... Hmmmm... Well, it's an indie game, of course. That does show. But, BUT, it's an incredible  indie game and is one of the best I've seen (and I've seen a LOT). It has relatively decent graphics, good sound quality, and hours upon hours of content. It has a Left 4 Dead style survival mode, a horde mode, and one other I don't know yet. And don't forget about the campaign! It has a multitude of levels weapons, enemies, and a weapon upgrade system a la Dead Island. You collect credits and gold as you're romping around, beating the absolute crap out of zombies. Then you use those credits and gold to get (DUN DUN DUN) new weapons and upgrades for those weapons. Overall, it is a great game and I very much recommend it."
76561198155044047,Not Recommended,286040,15936493,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,brutesfails,the mechanics are terrible and near;y impossible to kill enemy
,Recommended,286040,31514329,Posted: 2 May,all,Black Luffy,I dobt like it
76561198391022301,Not Recommended,286040,33353953,Posted: 7 July,all,Quelfyre,"I first got this game on my phone, the controls were good for a phone fps, but they weren't great. I'm not saying this is a bad game, in fact the premise is intresting, the graphics are pretty good, but i just can't get past the controls."
76561198085102532,Recommended,286040,24740327,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,rakshay1996,Loved the setting of the game and a different experiece
76561197996051698,Recommended,286040,16752791,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"I don't know. For $5 and for being a mobile port I really feel this game is pretty good. I don't know or remember if it was more than $5 when it was first released on Steam but its current price is pretty damn reasonable for this game. Its main campaign is about 4 hours long on Medium difficulty and it has quite a few extra game modes and difficulties to play on afterwards. It has something like 10 or 12 weapons, mostly guns, and has a pretty good upgrade system. You have 2 special abilities which both work well in the game and on harder difficulties it is pretty challenging. Its graphics are well done all things considered and plays quite well. When I first started playing it had some nast mouse acceleration but once I turned that off it was fine. There's no Jumping in the game but thats only a problem if you get swarmed by enemies and the enemies themselves have a little bit of variety. Theres your average zombies and about 5 or 6 variations of zombies. Theres only 1 type that is REALLY annoying but the rest are fine but you kill them all in basically the same way so theres not much variety to the game play itself from the zombies.Its hard to describe but the game is fun and if you just want to play a mindless shooter that is enjoyable, nice to look at and not overly difficult then this is a fun little gem for $5. I did enjoy my playthrough, i'll probably come back to it at some point and most of the guns are unique and varied. The weapons themselves control well and are fun to use and as said before are all upgradeable. The sound effects and animations on the guns are very well done and give the game a pretty visceral feel. The story of the game is pretty bland and uninteresting but it is kind of silly at times which is enjoyable. Theres only a few boss fights in the game and they're nothing to write home about.Pros -- It costs $5.- Decent graphics and fidelity.- Nice sound design.- Good amount of weapons that are mostly distinct.- Animation quality is good.- Voice acting isn't as bad as I'd expected.- Upgrade system for weapons and skills.- Extra game modes and difficulties.- Decent visual settings menu.- Deliberate combat- No microtransactions. Its good to see mobile ports that recognize the difference between platforms.Cons -- Repetative gameplay.- Anticlimactic boss fights.- Weak story and weak ending.- One very annoying type of zombie.- Female character has a clearly male breathing sound effect when out of breath from sprinting.- Mediocre level design.- Annoying respawn mechanic. You can restart a level for free but respawning in the level from where you died from costs in game currency.All in all for what this game costs its worth the investment to me. The combat feels good and is deliberate, you have to make your shots count! The zombies can pose quite a challenge at times but not too challenging if you don't want it to be. And like I said this game has some pretty good replay value and potential. Dead Effect has a lot of ups and downs but I feel its positives definitely outweigh its negatives and is worth asking price.Numbers don't mean everything, and I don't like giving a score but if I had to give it one i'd say Dead Effect is a.....6.5/10"
76561198256290380,Recommended,286040,34157094,Posted: 10 August,all,Luke_Memewalker,"A great game. Although, I'd like to be able to upgrade the grenade AoE and stuff"
,Recommended,286040,21887315,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HydroQuarintine,i honestly though this game was going to be crap considering it was ported from mobile but it turned out to be pretty good.controls 10/10graphics 8.1/10voice acting 6.1/10 [to me the guy you play as sounds like the postal dude and the germen guys voice is so annoying XD]
76561198076194169,Recommended,286040,35144882,Posted: 22 September,all,xXH3llGamerZXx,"Loved the game.  Great mechanics and the core play was pretty sweet for a zombie shooter.  Unfortunately for me, it crashes everytime I try to load the 4th mission so I can't really say a whole lot about the story, but the parts that I was able to play through was pretty good.  Seemed like a good plot."
,Not Recommended,286040,34299174,Posted: 16 August,all,Polaris,"I got this for 5 bucks, and I still feel ripped off."
76561198181380277,Recommended,286040,18665396,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Young Litttty,yea dude
76561198110321668,Recommended,286040,24593403,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Green-eyed monster,"OK so I thought should I write review or not :D But I figured hey since I even made game play video about it might as well share my opinion.So first of all I bought this game during sale (not that this is really important, but I figured I will mention it).So I will start with positives:- I really liked the enviroment and feeling of the game. The game has pretty good graphics and enjoyed that you can actually feel that your in a spaceship and not just walking through random corridors (ufff hard to explain what I mean. But sometimes in various games when you play you are told about you location, but since there is no way to look through window or step outside you kinda just take the word for a fact).- So far I enjoyd the weapons what were provided in the game. Especially the initial one that basically lets electricity to run through enemies.- I really loved notes that could be found through out ship. Not only they really added to the story but they were really funny to read and kinda gave you the feeling of this place actually being full of people who had emotions and friendships and so on. Really nice touch.- Game mechanics are pretty good. I havent noticed any bugs, or clipings through the walls. And shooting is pretty smooth (if you are good at shooter you will be great at this game).- The market that is provided in the game (the one where you can pay with real money), is not in your face and I havent noticed it for a long time.- The story it'self is quite interesting and like I said in the video it almost could be something that happened in Mass Effect universe when ships were send to colonise other planets. So good job on that one :)- Has pretty nice voice acting.Cons:- There should be a way to close hatches from which zombies come in (at least for some period of time). That would not only add some extra things to do but also could be helpfull in general. Since there were times when I thought I killed all enemies and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would crawl out of a hole while I am reading a note or healing.-Though the game is good but as a shooter it doesnt really bring anything unique to the table ( as a shooter).- The way the gun is held is a bit crude and feels a bit forced (but since as I understand it was developed from android game that is quite understandable).- There should be some tips or iformations about the fact that you need to shoot the signs that are in different rooms. I only realised about their existence once I finished mission and saw that I collected 0. So it's hard to collect something when you even don't know that there is something to collect.- Reloading of certain guns at the start takes very very long time. It can be very annoying especially if you are using shotgun or some similar weapon.Overall it's a great game and even when it has full price I think it's wort to try. Great game if you want to just log in kill stuff, finish few missions and log out. As well as to read some funny notes that gives you more information about yourself and stuff that is around you.And if you want to see my initial reaction and so on here is my video:https://youtu.be/3Bui2T7Q7lA"
76561198027982510,Recommended,286040,15604578,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hardcore Games™,"Bought this game 75% off, seems to be a reasonable shooter. Artwork is not so bad either.Does not seem to be any load/save capability like most shooters. This is common with most shooters suggesting the developer will add it eventually.This game runs fine with a HD 6970 or GTX 660 Ti easily at 1920x1080. The game defaulted to max graphics.https://hardcoregames.azurewebsites.net/?p=6351"
76561198082232279,Recommended,286040,26681654,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,vegetta777,is better than no man sky
,Recommended,286040,22987496,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jangowolf,Worth playing if you like shooters and killing zombies.
76561197970560243,Not Recommended,286040,28023463,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HELLBOT,"WOW! I cant believe i actually paid 4.99 for this. Sluggish, slow, 2005-2008 graphics sort of shooter. About the same as f.e.a.r 1 for graphics with a bad hard reset story line. belongs on a phone app."
,Not Recommended,286040,22888508,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,limelight1210,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did. However the half♥♥♥♥♥controller support, dying over and over on the first two levels because of underpowered weapons and cheap deaths, not to mention this was all on easy difficulty just made for a quick uninstall. Upgrade system felt like it was made for mobile which i just discovered it was ported to PC from mobile makes sense. I'll stick to Dead Space and its superior sequel."
,Recommended,286040,29246665,Posted: 14 January,all,geNthytiS[9].,Not bad game.This game is not so serious just fun.Buy it on sale!
,Recommended,286040,15236485,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,~ Blonde Queen ~,funny silly game for quickly wasting time and enjoying it whenever you're free
,Recommended,286040,13401806,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,shadowwolf1326,this is a very good game i recomend to those who are fans of dead space it's just a shame that it is only single player 7/10
,Recommended,286040,13487120,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jorkfriend,The gameplay is okay but the optimization can suck my DlCK
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,286040,32522729,Posted: 17 June,all,7thsojurn,POOR GAME BALANCE MAKES THIS GAME A NO PLAY GAME:I played this for a short time has good game play but could never get to far do to how difficult it is so can not enjoy a game if all you do is die.
76561198113014119,Recommended,286040,24350165,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Dead Effectfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
76561197999904169,Not Recommended,286040,30306034,Posted: 3 March,all,Atum Hadu,"This game slurps big, fat donkey testicles. Frustratingly clunky controls, awful sound design, assault rifles that are less effective than hand guns, extremely repetitive sounds, and hilariously bad voice acting. One dude sounds like he's doing an impression of Arnold Schwarzenegger on coke."
,Not Recommended,286040,17301036,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,qmqprdi,재미도없고 조작감도 ㅄ
,Recommended,286040,28026519,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ToRaBoRa,"Not bad, worth with that price."
,Recommended,286040,14848179,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MajorRed,enjoyable game. Love the weapons. Minus the movement (u can adjust to ur liking ) everything else is pretty good :)
,Not Recommended,286040,23313846,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kill Will,"Sub-par, low budget game that doesn't hold a candle to true gems in the genre like Alien Isolation, Dead Space, and others. For 2 bucks (sale price), it's okay, but I honestly don't ever see myself playing it. Refund time."
76561198070763466,Not Recommended,286040,24456358,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Colt,This game is crap. I only paid $0.99 and I still feel like I got robbed.
,Recommended,286040,15858685,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AssassinKip™,Awesome
,Not Recommended,286040,14877503,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lagitta,Graphics setting look extremely terribleLow - Medium - High - Extreme for different atmosphere
,Recommended,286040,27343778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Loud Ass Sistah,evil guys did bad stuff u are good kill him
,Recommended,286040,29551569,Posted: 28 January,all,Davadis,A very enjoyable and thrilling game. Interesting storyline as well as some unusual undead enemies.
,Recommended,286040,15114873,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"N!N's log. Dead effect, hour 1I seemed to be droped into a zombie game, came out this life pod. my hands are stuck in a position making me look like the mummy on those old black and white movies.... Man, ships a wreck..... but my avatar seem oblivious and dosent seem to care the rest of the crew is missing or dead in these wierd stasis chambers.....Headed down stairs..... theres some crap on the walls... computer says unknown growth..... so i must be in Doom 3.... Crap .... wheres a shotty....Found a weapon of sorts.... this aint doom... maby... found a taser gun... so im pretty sure im ♥♥♥♥♥ed.... or im in a doom3 serious sam3 thing... But the doors did sound like the mainchamber in a cool aliens flick i saw a few years back.... think i might be faceing a alien doom3 ss3 situation..... with a taser..... If someone finds this... tell my mom... it really was me that dented the car... bubas innocent.Level 3... herd a scream, saw 3 guys eating a lady out..... said... ""hey whats goin on here""..... so aparently my avatar is Berry from the origional resident evil....so im in this d3,ss3,alien,r.e. hell...with a taser..... ^$%#^%.....Ran into some more of the crew..... just to be clear there is dead bodies everywhere, green stuff is spewing out the ships vents half the crew is eating the other half.... and my avatar is still confused asking Berry questions.... ""what is this"".... Oh, did find a gun.... pistol... things looken up... put a bullet in my pocket for dinner tonight.Headin to a controll room i keep running into more undead and i came across an undead Dr. Gary Glover..... So im in a d3,ss3,alien,r.e.,killing floor.... hell ... ...  with a taser..... . ...ya,.. .. the game was right.... i am afraid..... But its ok... got some dead space style icons sitting over items here.... if i have to use my dinner bullet..... i can easily find another. Speaking of which i found you can open lockers by pounding on them. No real skill needed kinda like hungry hungry hippos ya just mash the key.Made it to the final room. Computer said somthin bad happened my team was activated and nothin happened...... aparently my team works for fema..... But on the guud side the level ended. I made it!!! i survived my first hour in this psudo doom3 serioussam3 a v. p resident evil dead space killing floor ship from hell!!!<RAWR>"
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,286040,26757984,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,bricmpt,"Slightly no.ProsGraphics are good.  Not first notch, but good to anyone who has been gamng for a few years!Range of difficulty settings.Smooth controls.Cofigurable keys.I like the zombies - they aren't too fast to be zombies.  They are relentless.ConsHand holding - glowing icons over objects, doors, buttons.  Felt like I was about to get a participation trophy.Really is a lesser clone of DOOM."
,Not Recommended,286040,16726755,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,{BCA} Captain Shlong,"Just plain aweful, nowhere near what the video shows for action"
76561198123326754,Not Recommended,286040,23676207,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BiSkUt,"not a good game, got a bug at level 2 where my screen cannot see anything like freeze something and cannot play at allnot recommended dont buy waste your money"
,Recommended,286040,27762204,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,z0,Bought it for $1.Pretty fun FPS considering you can't jump. Some of the movement seemed a little clunky but overall the game was very entertaining. It was fun being led around by an Arnold Schwar♥♥♥♥♥r voice. Very satisfying gameplay. It's a dumb FPS.
,Recommended,286040,20488375,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Plato,"Good game so far. Similar to Doom 3 in certain aspects, mouse might be a bit 'loose' but definitely doesn't feel broken like some people claim. Excited to play through this game, Achievements, guns, etc. Well worth it, especially on sale right now."
76561198053167193,Recommended,286040,16920887,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,HoboMcHerbington,Come for the zombies! Stay for the Arnold!
,Recommended,286040,22932858,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Fynneberg,Edgier than a D20. In a good way.
76561198044717043,Not Recommended,286040,13856952,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,#rekt,"Well...that was interesting.  The game is very low budget.  I guess I will do a pro/con thing because I am really torn about it.Pro:Good lighting and sound effectsGood weapons, they feel useful and powerful especially on power up.Cheap...think I paid $5 on steam sale.Cons:Freakishly short...about 10 hours MAX.The same level, with the same graphics over and over and.....over again.Overall graphics repeated so many times it looks like a few college kids made the game in their spare time.  Which they might have for all I know.Voice acting...the worst of any game I have ever played and I have been gaming for 25 years.  I played the girl...and yea, it's that bad.  My favorite is when you run as the girl you get the ""man's"" heavy breathing voice.  Classic.Nothing to interact with...except a twitch hack screen to get through a door.  That's it.  Everything else is for show.Nothing to blow up.  Heck, FEAR was blowing up objects 8 year's ago and Half-Life was doing it 13 years ago.In summary, the game is a simple twitch shooter which if you pay more than $5...you paid to much.  The end."
,Not Recommended,286040,13933983,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ogrobastard,"Bad soundtracks,horrible voice acting and a cold,slow gameplay make ""Dead Effect"" a waste of money and time."
76561198027039165,Not Recommended,286040,14509461,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Retro,Junk! You get what you pay for!  Looks like a cartoon game OMG!The colors our so bright you might go blind! This game should have came out in the 80s WOW!! If you like this game you need help!Critic reviews 57/100 should be 0/100
,Recommended,286040,23153180,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Susu Bendera,It's a great game. I finished it only about 4 hours.
76561198170174779,Not Recommended,286040,24238453,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,magic95,its fine if you dont mind bing swormd by zombes in a one way hallway on bolth sides and have nearly unkillbul zombes right in your face
,Recommended,286040,29514994,Posted: 26 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,its an ok gamegot it under $1 so thats not big deal
,Recommended,286040,21858169,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,MySeLf,"IT doesn't feel like  a AAA but its very close to Doom atmosphere and gameplay.The things that makes it not so good are some animations, the menus and some sounds.I would recommend it on a sale. It's not worth the retail price."
76561198014755741,Recommended,286040,15652937,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Snake Powerforce,"Ignore the thumbs down reviews, Dead Effect is one of the best budget titles here on steam. If you like the game Doom 3 (Which is one of my favorite games) then you will like this game. pick it up when there is a discount on it like i did you won't be disappointed with it for such a small investment.I score Dead Effect 85 out of 100 points"
76561198069989747,Recommended,286040,22646795,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,hexendude1994,Recommend..love everything about this game except it lacks majorly in a long lasting story.
,Not Recommended,286040,18603086,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Amante,"Eeehhh... It's not really good... But when I bought it, it was on sale for about 29 cents, so I though 'what the hell' and bought it with some extra money. It immediately struck me as some really ♥♥♥♥ing stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that some kid made after he played Dead Space (which it basically is) and it really doesn't have many redeeming qualities at all. Bad story, awful voice acting, lots of bugs, and even the hardest difficulty is too damn easy. What I'm trying to say is, this is basically a time-killer. If you've got like an 8 hour flight, this will make the time go by faster. At least, that's what I used it for. Otherwise, I suggest you save your money."
76561198066754315,Recommended,286040,32151009,Posted: 3 June,all,ShitterMcGlitter,It's a fun game. Really like it!
,Recommended,286040,32270521,Posted: 8 June,all,Zockerx96,Nice game.
,Not Recommended,286040,15238560,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Crowsworth,"This game feels very cheap. It actually feels like a mobile game someone thought would be fine on the big screen. I got it with a bundle so I cannot complain too much, but its still drek. I suppose I better at least say what it is I guess, for someone unable to see this turd for what it is.Its a space ship game, with zombies, you kill them. That's it. Oh you can use keycards, what innovation. Weapon selection is exactly what anyone who has played a FPS game will know (junk, then pistol, then shotty, etc etc). It feels very sluggish, nothing seems smooth with this game. That's part of its cheapness, it feels like one of those budget games in the supermarket than you have never heard of before, often come in a “ACTION TIME” series full of cheap rubbish and the odd old time classic that clearly just ran out of copyright and is considered abandon ware.Its not a game you will hate mind, I do not want to give that impression. Its so utterly generic and dull that I doubt anyone could be too annoyed with it. Personally I consider that the worst thing a game could ever be, boring. The sluggish feeling really starts to grate though, the “zombies” react the same to your shots, so even what little it offers is marred by a poorly put together cash grab."
,Not Recommended,286040,15063647,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,chocolatewolf2002,"3/10 THIS GAME WAS ORIGIONALY AN iOS GAME!!!!! Bad gameplay, Terrible map design, Horrible sound effects, wow a true recipe for disaster, if you buy this game for 1.00 thats 1.01 to much"
,Recommended,286040,16230833,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Erichtaker,"Funniest horror game I've ever played!!!The graphic is nice, the sounds are cool and the controls are excellent.But the voiceActing is so bad, that I'm not really sure if it's intended to be so ... ?cheesy?.It felt more like a big happy halloween-party with your friends who want to spook the crap out of you,then a deep horror atmosphere.Nice game though."
,Not Recommended,286040,24227190,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,OvO,Low budget version of collaboration Doom and Dead Space.
,Not Recommended,286040,18229588,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,genoforprez,"Nah, I don't think I can recommend this one.Controls feel like a 90s shooterComplete lack of melee/knockback attackObjectives not very interestingShooting feels clunky when trying to scope or shoot long distancesTedious collect-a-thon side objectivesAnnoying habit of nonsensically spawning a horde of 50 zombies directly behind you in the completely empty area you literally just walked through---without any explanation.Music volume is obnoxiously loud and completely drowns out the voices (which are mediocre) in addition to possibly making you go deaf if you are wearing headphones at full volume.Attempting to fix the volume is impossible since the audio sliders don't actually workAdjusting video settings can cause a variety of menu interface bugs, such as not being able to click on buttons and windows that will not close.It's an okay game if you are a die-hard shooter enthusiast and have a certain nostalgia for the feel of 90s shooters. Especially if you are kind-hearted enough toward the genre to be okay with a handful of bugs and clunk. If you get it on sale like I did (I think I paid $2 for it), it is honestly pretty decent for a bargain bin shooter. But it is a bargain bin shooter."
76561198013555822,Not Recommended,286040,21883994,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Shrek,"Worst game ever,"
76561197974086952,Not Recommended,286040,21972806,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Terrik,"Pretty aweful. Basically a cheep knock off of dead space. Controls feel clunky, action is not great. acting is the worst of any game I've ever played, and it is not at all scary. The only plus is the price tag."
,Not Recommended,286040,21975770,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SimpleZach,boring
,Not Recommended,286040,21289403,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Starlight Dash,"Alright so this is my first review. I have played this game extensively and found many things. The game has or had great potential to be something good. I feel as though the game was half finished then abandoned after the developers made enough money for a sequel. My heart bleeds for games that coulda been great. It had an ok story, decent graphics that were optimized fairly well so that you didnt need an super high tech PC build to run it, and some good content, but it fell short after I found out the announcement of the sequel. The negatives of the game is. Clunky cutscenes, controls, gameplay, eventually after you exhaust the content of the game it sorta just sits in your steam for years collecting dust, and the ending was not fullfiling at all. Even though the story was predictable I found it likeable in a way. I also noticed that at some point possibly the game might have been being designed to be a horror game, but was hastely changed to an action shooter. I will admit it had great horror potential. Amazing in fact! If it was done properly and finished I could totally see this game being worth much more. As it stands now I would not recommend this game much to many. If your looking for a good quick game thrill then I guess this game is for you."
76561197971121656,Recommended,286040,20625452,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ssdoxyman,Excellent Graphics---much like Dead Space but with normal weapons.A lot of fun!
,Not Recommended,286040,21257994,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Lunatic_Goat,Awful Doom rip-off with tedious gameplay.
76561198025654597,Not Recommended,286040,21205882,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jet4fire,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,286040,18779081,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Injeel,Dead Effect is a shooter set in the future where you are aboard a spaceship. You have to kill zombies. Great game!
76561198006652822,Recommended,286040,14630808,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,B. Arner,"Meh. Paid $1.64. Got exactly what I paid for.It doesn't feel as pretty as it looks on sceenshots.I can see that the devs wanted this thing to look Doom III-ish, however it ends up being a lot more like Killing Floor.It's nice for what it is, but don't expect anything amazing.Also, I can't seem to turn down the music volume. Bug?"
76561198038683032,Recommended,286040,14360086,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nerd Life,"funny game , for this price rly nice!2,5 hours storyline on normal"
76561198051304827,Recommended,286040,14633575,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TheSingaporeDictator,"-Sees dead effect on 70% sale and checks it out-Meh dosent look that good-Sees overwhelming positive feedbacks-Buys it-Install and plays it-Started story mode on medium difficulty-Starting was boring-Progressed further, hey this is pretty fun!-Found the first assualt rifle, starts having a blast killing zombie horde-Missed a zombie, got jump scare from behind-Reached the ""destroy the defence turrent"" objective-Spams 2/3 of assualt rifle ammo on turrent but dosent kill it-Throws first grenade, misses-Throws second grenade, misses and damages me to 1 bar of health♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and accidentally selects restart-I cries10/10 would click restart and cries again"
,Recommended,286040,15907293,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,vasyan,Better than Deus Ex: The Fall
,Recommended,286040,28168888,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ocratech,"It has its share of flaws, but there's definitely a lot of love here. A solid FPS experience that mixes and matches ideas from many different games. Have a peek at my in-depth review below:http://www.heypoorplayer.com/2016/10/07/dead/"
,Recommended,286040,28113074,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NativeOne,Get it ..
,Not Recommended,286040,14236381,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Owen Wilson,"This game is eh.It's not fast-paced at all.It's a bit like Killing Floor, just not co-op."
76561198090791184,Not Recommended,286040,31110744,Posted: 12 April,all,MotoMatt5040,Game kinda sucks tbh. Graphics are awful.
76561198035195667,Recommended,286040,23024999,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BlackOutBoss,"this a very cool game,andit had good storyline witn good action fps."
76561197987942713,Not Recommended,286040,13731171,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CausticSalmon,"What a fascinatingly awful game. I bought this because of the postive reviews and this is just strange.  The whole thing is so completely devoid of anything interesting at all.  As a concept, it seems amusingly mediocre. Guns + zombies + space station looking corridors. What could go wrong? Well everything apparently.This is a port of a mobile game (which I should have known) so it has a weird pace to it that is instantly recognizable as such.  The combat promotes a limited range of movement due to the fact that aiming and walking around with a touch screen is quite difficult. When you throw a mouse and keyboard into the mix the whole situation is almost comical. You just end up picking off big groups of exteremely slow moving zombies by effortlessly shooting them one by one in the face, moving back a bit, and then repeating the process.I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It should not have been sold as a PC game. Period."
76561198039458604,Not Recommended,286040,26755584,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Vembrace,Terrible game.
76561198018910266,Recommended,286040,25110922,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Good game with zombies in space, not creepy or scary but fun and entertaining."
,Recommended,286040,24427295,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Plantbob The Birthday Boi,dis pretty woos
,Not Recommended,286040,23917436,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Zombiebuttcheek,Not worth the money at all. Seems like one of those games you'd see people reviewing because it's funny how bad it is. I won't even be playing this a second time.
76561197971034014,Recommended,286040,29329999,Posted: 17 January,all,Blasatrigga,"And let it be known that 0.99 cent games can be fun!This game is cheap, and its cheap, but the kinda of cheap we can all like. It does nothing that any other run around on a space ship and gun down monsters game hasnt done already. You go up escalators,and down them, upgrade gear, turn on and off ventilation shafts and charge or ignite reactors, you get duped by weirdo scientists, and help reduce the mass surplus population on the spaceship called Immemorable.The story is lame but if you notice the subltely of Dead Effects creepy spaceship crew a more pitiful plot arises. These are not zombies, or brain fiending cannibals, they are the weary, dreadful, lonely people you see around the holidays. They crawl, limp, stagger, sway, their ways down a multitude of similar looking cooridors in the hopes of finding someone who will listen, who will embrace....who will give a hug.The freaks aboard this ship are not after your brainsThey are.....HOLIDAY HUGGERZ!These lethargic egg nog turkey filled stuffing - stuffed fools only want a hug, soloed out by the holiday season and a comfortable lack of social attunement they will be after you, to squeeze out the life you have so that when they look around the scenery is only bleak as their misery allows.Okay - so you can get the story isnt that great, the action is only so so, the upgrades, level design and overall attempt at an FPS is mediocre. So why get it, because it so basic, so regular, and you can zip zip zippedy zip through the game in about 4-8 hours blazing down hug crazed 30 somethings with a snickerish delite.You get the all the usual weapons (machine guns, shot guns, 45 acp pistols), but Dead effect brings a few unique ones to the arsenal - nothing ground breaking, just another perspective on already created weapons - the bow, crossbow, EMP pistol and rifle were dubiously fun, and the chain gun - it was probably the most responsive and well made version I have seen in a game.Some achievements are picky - especially the ones requring no healing, that means no regen abilit either. The slay 5000 and 10000 zombie achievements are easily accomplished through 2 or 3 (about 3000 kills each) playthroughs or grinding in the biohazard and survival modes. These modes can be used to grind out currency and upgrade weapons before taking on the new game plus mode.There are two characters to chose, the choice you make does not alter the ending story, only thing that is different is the voice and choice of starting weapon which can be changed out, and the opposite weapons purchased and used equally well.One other thing I like about games like this is....it ends. It doesnt have 200 hours of monotonous game play, its only a small grind for the 5000 and 10000 achievement. Otherwise the developers did a pretty good job informing the player of achievement progress and not making the achievements too absurd to complete.Overall if this game is on sale, and your a sci-fi/zombie/infected/killing floor/pain killer/Serious sam kind of FPS player this game will be about 24 hours of fun."
,Recommended,286040,28873545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RejZoR,"Genuinely surprisingly good game. Maybe movement and weapons feel a bit weird at first, but when you adjust the mouse sensitivity right, it's actually a pretty damn good shooter with RPG elements. Love the weapons upgrading, upgrading of your suit, poking my nose into every corner, reading crew logs, hacking is simple but well designed mechanic etc. I just need to figure out how these ""orbs"" look like because I haven't collected a single one for some reason lol. I have no clue how they even look like. Next playthrough i guess :) I also really liked the graphics, sounds and even the music was surprisingly good, setting the action or the idle mood just right. I thought this was just a shooter game, but it's actually a more action packed lite version of System Shock. Developers were certainly huge fans of that game, that's for sure :) And they've done a very good job. Can't wait to play Dead Effect 2!"
,Recommended,286040,29450465,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,Playable for a couple hours while you collect some achievements and trading cards.
76561197982034457,Recommended,286040,22258482,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TwitcherUS,good first person old school shooter! very yes!
,Not Recommended,286040,13686910,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,РакоНен,"Start the gameBeat first level in story modeGo to the Biohazard mode to grind some goldBuy Minigun and the most effective handgun with the goldUpgrade those weapons to maximumEquip those weapons in story modeBeat the main story with those weaponsDelete gamePlay something elseIt's a bit booringQuick side steps are annoying beacause those consume stamina and stamina generation is too slow.You can't jump, which is frustrating.Not enough variation in waves in Biohazard mode. (I didn't try the other mode)Not enough variation in monsters. I count 9 ""different"" kinds of monsters"
,Recommended,286040,32127962,Posted: 2 June,all,TheRedMelon,"Very good, recomend!"
76561198169201070,Recommended,286040,23047534,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The_Llama_King,"WELCOME to your verry own pile of digital poo this came features the most robotic of player and npc movements ,no story line a woping 10 or so total different types of ""monsters"" ,spooky right? those ten (or so) ""monsters"" are including all of the extra spooky SPECIAL ZOMBIES*ooooo the masterful skillz of the creators are represented many times through out the game as in the amaizing floating, perfectly circular,blood textures and the wonderful and exhilarating thunder animation that you get after shooting your specialized mall cop tazer on steroids and many many more ,the sound effects and backgroung music were more than top notch as through the all consuming, frightening, dramatic ""monster"" apocalypse music you can just barley hear the cheesy lines of your duke nukem voice actor ,the gameplay over all is absolutly terrafeying and you truly get the vibe of how much the ""monsters"" are just waiting to eat your brain from how mind numbing this game can be!"
,Not Recommended,286040,12094120,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Steph,oh waita tablet shooty-shooty
,Recommended,286040,14888836,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tweed,"Okay I guess, pretty short though."
76561198135036767,Not Recommended,286040,17853766,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,LD100,Porsche Boxster of zombie games.
76561198029540876,Not Recommended,286040,32645488,Posted: 22 June,all,Shitdows 10,This game gave me diarrhea
,Recommended,286040,25424161,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,LL KooL K,Mass Effect - Poor Edition6/10
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,286040,24413838,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,supesandbats,Looks and plays like a garbage mobile game.
,Recommended,286040,28540067,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bowser,"Great level design even if the graphics aren't cutting-edge.Can't say I'm a fan of the controls/movement though. That being said, it's still better than resident evil."
,Not Recommended,286040,14679152,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kvaki,Sux. just another mindless corridor shooter. another example why zombie games sux. only a $1.50 . oh well xD
,Not Recommended,286040,25653180,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,azzzzzu,No No No!
76561198083928450,Recommended,286040,29286425,Posted: 15 January,all,Soul Collector,Not to bad.
76561198079776720,Recommended,286040,24414333,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MajorMcMentzer's ALT,arnold schwarzenegger leads you trough the game
76561198083576124,Not Recommended,286040,26440003,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,not as interesting
76561198009844514,Not Recommended,286040,21533498,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ilyichzc,Пока еще слишком сыро. Ощущение что сделано на юнити. Трупы исчезают ). Понравилось только что можно попасть в голову и убить одним выстрелом. Все остальное не дотягивает до релизной игры даже уровня дум.
,Not Recommended,286040,21489593,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kendrel,"The zombies move faster if they have no legs. I repeat: A ZOMBIE CUT IN HALF IS FASTER THAN A COMPLETE ONE.This game should be called ""Look at your feet: Zombies edition"". Seriously, everything is on the ground. Secret stuff, ammo, and fast as♥♥♥♥♥♥crawling zombies. Opening closets are just space space space over and over again. It feels like useless busywork.If you are in the mood to shoot zombies, get Left 4 Dead instead. Skip this garbage. If you still want to play this game, get it on Sale."
76561197970524226,Not Recommended,286040,14788503,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,28k,"Gun sounds make my ears bleed.  Mob pacing is off. I dont know, for a couple of bucks its not a bad game but I found more things that irritated me then I liked.  If you want zombies to kill, better guns, better sound effects, bigger maps, etc, etc.  Go for Nazi Zombie Army 1 or 2."
,Not Recommended,286040,14631956,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,anggasyahptra,bad
76561198046675266,Recommended,286040,18868556,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"If you love DOOM3 and Dead Space. I would definately recommend this game.It does have a cheaper gameplay, but it's very similar to good games we've once played and deserves a shot.7/10"
76561198147721795,Recommended,286040,23010888,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Thatlil'Benjie777,"You know, Didn't this game used to be free because I never bought it? Whelp, Who cares... ZOMBIES! (Hopefully)"
76561198207807500,Not Recommended,286040,32707490,Posted: 23 June,all,Kman,You can't jump.
76561198254539022,Not Recommended,286040,22891064,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,parabolalien,"what a load a♥♥♥♥♥♥game - explain to me how an exploration ship has so many spacemen and women on it. explain why you cant jump but zombies can lunge forward at, duck and dodge quicker than a bullet, and be able to throw grenades. explain why reload takes forever, throwing grenades do nothing to zombies and you cant regenerate health. i dont know why it is like this.this game could have been so much better with less zombies and more horror sounds. like youre walking around finding things and suddenly 2 or 3 zombies attack you but no.i dont know if i can be bothered finishing this game, shotguns to the chest point blank dont kill, too many zombies on a spaceship just take the suspense away.a boring lacklustre zombie killing game.4 out of 10"
76561198309942040,Recommended,286040,32953896,Posted: 28 June,all,\/ideoluke {3rd DogeLord},pretty good story; similar to Doom and Killing floor
76561198262233230,Not Recommended,286040,22602046,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Hootimus,Just get Left 4 Dead 20/10
76561198322734843,Not Recommended,286040,25181308,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nexus ---> [O_O]凸,zla hra prestane bavit :(
,Recommended,286040,24417285,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,;;spluR 'new ',/
,Not Recommended,286040,33926362,Posted: 31 July,all,Redrusty66,"Horrible, not worth even at a 95% sale. Developer and his moderators are likewise worth less than that. Bad dvelopement, horrible gameplay, a floppy bird mobile app has more stratgey."
,Not Recommended,286040,23045004,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Im a School Shooter,"The game overall is terrible. The graphics, gameplay, and too many glitches. For example, during cutscenes zombies will spawn in next to you and kill you before the cutscene is done and you cant even skip them. The graphics are terrible and in the first two missions you have to fight like 100 zombies in a extremely small room and you can only run for like 3 seconds then you have to wait like a minute until your stamina bar refills."
76561198023637559,Not Recommended,286040,13936780,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Omunall,"Devs need to work on this game, and i mean a lot. I owned this on the tablet and it was indeed entertaining, on mobile, however it seems to run worse on PC, controls are still, even with gamepad enabled (which doesnt seem to control menus and still ties you down to having to switch to the mouse often)Overall still feels beta. It also feels like the devs gave up and decided it was ""good enuff"" and ready to call full release. Needs stability improvements, visual improvments, gameplay improvements, etc,"
76561198044724020,Recommended,286040,20356127,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,teknte,Fun little shooter. Would definitely check out the sequel.
76561198024191403,Recommended,286040,29451495,Posted: 23 January,all,ECR~infinitywatch,"What the hell is there to complain about ? It's only a freekin dollar, lol. I recomend"
76561198044229474,Recommended,286040,16045645,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","What can i say about this title, well first zombies. Secondly steam achievements and badge progressions, multiple gameplay options and weapon upgrading with challenges to every level. All in all, looks like a halo, feels like a doom, themepark shooter with zombies, be preped to grind older stages for precious credits, and farming zombies for upgrade cards. Still, it is in my opinion, worth a look if into a person is into zombie destruction titles on steam. Graphics do look nice though and the physics feel solid so gameplay feels natural. Wish this had some form of co-op, that would be balls.Give it a peek."
,Recommended,286040,34071045,Posted: 6 August,all,Projekt34: Your God,"I am not going to explain the reasons this game is a trash.I will tell you only one thing.This game is so good, that you can download it for free on Android app for mobile phones.Yea.Great game."
76561198298079036,Recommended,286040,33069731,Posted: 30 June,all,S_Coppards,A good game
76561198086223103,Not Recommended,286040,16935344,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Redrum,controls don't work quite right.I know it was only a buck fifty but thisis a bad game even if everything worked.They shoulda had to pay me
76561198079626597,Recommended,286040,14870745,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,NEW VEGAS MAN15,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░﻿
,Recommended,286040,25100917,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,I found this title to be mildly entertaining but nothing special. Once you get past its lackluster graphics and floaty controls is a decent game at its core .....So if you can find it cheap pick it up! 6/10
,Not Recommended,286040,23497675,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ArdentParagon,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.Heres a video I made showing why its terrible:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XWkzFSo0Rk
,Recommended,286040,13446689,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Frendle,"It's a good classic first person shooter, nothing fancy just some guns and a whole lot of zombies to shoot at.The zombies are animated very well, and there's a good amount of variety to them without getting too crazy.The gameplay borders between action-horror and survival-horror - you have to make your shots count but it's still pretty fast paced.The game can be pretty tough on some parts, but with plenty of mowing down hordes in between the tense parts.The game doesn't make you run around and search a lot, which I like - it gets to the action and stays there."
,Not Recommended,286040,9833061,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Render,"As early access goes, this one's got a strong base. I'll be updating this review as I play through more of the game; all of this is gathered from the first mission.1. Game feels strictly like a mobile port in many ways. You can't yet use the escape key to back out of menus, there's no explanation of controls, and the presence of giant circular icons clearly denotes something that would have been tapped on a mobile device. The last only became a problem for me in one place: unlocking chests / lockers / whatever those were. You just mash E a few times while the screen shakes for no explained reason, and they're unlocked... There also is no ability to modify controls, at least from within the game (mentioned by StarSepp in comments of this review). Doesn't look like there's any config to edit the controls, either.2. It took six or more headshots to kill a zombie in the first level, the variety in the radioactive yellow suit. Why?3. I can't jump what is this WHAT IS THIS4. Scrolling through weapons causes me tothrowwaste grenades.5. Text within some of the logs / items on screen bleeds through the perimiter of its textbox and looks ugly. Easy to fix with a scrollbar.Overall the game needs heavy work and probably shouldn't be available yet."
76561198332851603,Not Recommended,286040,31991893,Posted: 27 May,all,PICKLE RICK,NO NO NO NO DO NOT GET THIS!!!
,Not Recommended,286040,10193264,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Huntrag94,it's an okish game what I don't really like about it is it's trying to be Doom and Dead Space at the same time so would I recommand this game..... no save your money and if it's free give it a try if you want.
76561198149909326,Not Recommended,286040,32030661,Posted: 28 May,all,Lizzzzzzzzard,♥♥♥♥ing Trash
,Not Recommended,286040,25487579,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Wasson_G,It Stinks.
,Recommended,286040,23061512,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ToxicDestinyYT,Pretty Neat...___________________________________¶¶¶¶________________________¶¶¶¶____¶¶¶¶11¶________________________¶¶1¶¶_¶¶¶¶1111¶_______________________¶¶111¶¶¶1111111¶___________________¶¶¶_¶1111¶¶1111111¶___________________¶11¶¶111¶¶111111¶¶___________________¶11¶1111¶111111¶¶__________________¶¶11¶111¶111111¶¶__________________¶11¶111¶¶111111¶__________________¶11¶111¶1111111¶_________________¶11¶111¶11111111¶_________________¶1¶111¶¶1111111¶¶________________¶1¶¶111¶1111111¶¶_______________¶¶1¶111¶1111111¶¶_______________¶¶¶111¶11111111¶______________¶¶¶11¶¶111111111¶______________¶¶11¶¶111111¶¶¶1¶¶_____________¶11¶¶1111111¶111111¶¶___________¶¶¶¶¶1111111¶¶11111111¶¶¶__________¶¶¶1111111¶¶1111111111111¶¶¶_________¶¶111111¶¶¶11111111111111111¶¶¶¶_________¶111111¶¶1111111111111111111111¶¶¶_________¶111111¶1111111111¶¶¶1111111111111¶________¶11111111111111111¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111¶_______¶¶111111111111111¶¶¶________¶111111¶¶_______¶11111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶__________¶111111¶______¶¶11111111111¶¶_____________¶¶11111¶¶______¶111111111111¶______________¶¶11111¶_____¶¶111111111111¶________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_____¶1111111111111¶________________¶¶¶111111¶¶¶¶_____¶1111111111111¶¶_____________¶¶¶111111¶¶¶11¶____¶¶1111111111111¶¶¶_________¶¶¶1111111¶¶11111¶____¶1111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111¶1111¶¶____¶111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶___¶111111111111111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶__¶111111111111111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11111111111111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶111111111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶1111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶111111111111111111111111111¶¶1111111111111111111111111¶¶111111111111111111111111¶¶1111111111111111111111¶¶111111111111111111¶¶¶¶111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶
76561198021436539,Not Recommended,286040,9924063,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,82nd desertfox<(-_-)>,it has potential but right now the game play is plain aweful. i think they should update the graphics and game play more zombies hard to kill with guns and switching weapons is not the best
,Not Recommended,286040,28606366,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kenttäkettu,ITS SH1 TE
,Not Recommended,286040,10048626,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,thegatewayregular,"As it is, I cannot recommend this game. The menu is unresponsive, no jump, reloading takes forever. NO JUMPING. Graphics and everthying are good enough i suppose but the main things that get to me are the fact that I cannot upgrade anything because the menu is unresponsive and again....NO JUMP! There are zombies that cheap shot the crap out of you by coming behind you where you have already progressed, you'll be in a narrow hallway shooting zombies and here is this guy, cant jump over him, you just stand there slowly reloading until you die."
,Not Recommended,286040,10783949,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Plebimus Maximus,"Nothing at all like trailer,Plus,there are other games simillar to this which are much better like dukenukem/3d or doom or quake,etc."
,Not Recommended,286040,10401683,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SuperSonu222,"This game suck, I wasted my five dollar"
76561198040892175,Not Recommended,286040,10270597,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Slamatl92,i wish you can be able to run and have a gun bench and story with people talking in scenes but there's not it's just one person surviving the zombie outbreak i was hyped up for this game but now i dont think i am wasted 4/99 of this crappy game wont do it again this need's to be taken of steam and re-do the whole game player's of steam like to play a game where the checkpoint is above not when you get done with a mission ugh so much and you cant even jump f-this gamewrost zombie game of the year
76561198043160435,Not Recommended,286040,9835262,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,man.t.aray,Wont launch and when does controls are not responsive
76561198001541273,Not Recommended,286040,26345375,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,NeuroSplicer,"Not even worth the 99c.This sad excuse of a game is a one trick pony that tries to immitate DOOM 3 - and fails. Miserably.The zombies are boring.The environments are generic and copy/pasted all over.They even managed to screw up the classic clear-the-level/buy-upgrades/repeat.And to top all off, this POS managed to freeze my Win10 64bit PC. I had not used the reset button for years."
,Not Recommended,286040,26277793,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Digital Merc,"Really REALLY ugly / low quality DOOM3 ripoff. Even at max settings, the graphics are just... bad.Hell, DOOM3 is 10 years older than this, and still looks friggin amazing in comparison.Oh, and you can't jump... XDGranted, this is an 'INDIE' title and not from a ""AAA"" publisher, but.... don't pay more than the $0.99 sale price for this game.If you've got a very low end pc and want a space-zombie shooter than you can buy for less than the cost of anything  on the fastfood dollar menu, i guess this is you cup of tea. Again, just get it while its on sale if you want it."
76561198064339041,Not Recommended,286040,23319150,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mr.Red,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░
,Not Recommended,286040,16294204,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Slimy,"EDIT: ""You suck. You only played it for 6 minutes. How can you write a review? omg smh lol""1) Shut up. 2) Open browser to Google. 3) Shut up again. 4) Search Google for ""steam offline mode."" 5) Continue with the shutting up.What I learned while playing Dead Effect.- People traveling in space randomly drop gold bars when they die. Apparently space travel will only be for the rich, after all.- Speaking of money, people traveling in space also carelessly leave hundreds of dollars lying around for no apparent reason.- In the future, your debit card will project a large blue dollar sign hologram making sure everyone knows you have money.- .357 magnum revolvers have an effective range of 20 feet during space travel.- Jumping is strictly forbidden on space ships- You may shoot at a zombie. You may enter bullet time. But under no circumstances are you to engage a zombie in melee combat. Melee combat, like jumping, is strictly forbidden.- Space ships of the future constantly talk to you in a feminine and soothing - yet eerily robotic - voice and never shut up.- We will conquer FTL travel and initiate cryosleep in only 30 years!- It takes an elite female soldier only several seconds to begin panting for air after sprinting. And when she pants she sounds like a man.- In a world where FTL travel is possible, flashlights can only operate for about a minute or so before needing to be turned off and recharged.- Your interface will point you in the direction of your next objective, even if that means it runs you right into a wall. Figure it out yourself, genius.- When completely unarmed, an elte space soldier will walk around with his or her arms jutting out directly in front of their bodies as if wandering around looking for someone to hug."
,Recommended,286040,30407645,Posted: 9 March,all,670warrior,This game is really surprisingly good for being an indie game.The game offers a really good gameplay and story line but can be some what glitchy sometimeswith that i reccomend buying this game when its on sale.
,Recommended,286040,20470072,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,PlayerPierwszy,Cool
76561198165557195,Recommended,286040,17407526,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kmarble16,Its good for the price and a very good indie game 8/10
76561198010063736,Recommended,286040,18003510,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,vhettthevile,"This game is great, just not alot going on besides killing space zombies"
,Recommended,286040,17979842,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,I.Wilt,"Truly a shockingly good Fps game, Infact once you master how to lure the meat eaters intoyour killing fields its masterful tbh. I actually confess to jumping a few times with ears almostpinned back like a terrified cat.  At the price in the Steam store now what are you waiting for.?Why I even purchased another copy as a gift as soon as I finished a few missions, very addictivestuff tbh."
,Not Recommended,286040,17982745,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,BULLonPARADE,I could tell from the first 30 seconds this game was not going to be good.  The controls just feel so weird.  Shooting your gun feels weird.  Running feels weird.  No jump?I don't know.  I put about 20 minutes into it and I'm done.
76561198157618991,Recommended,286040,19248343,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Steffers44,"Nice game, it's definetly worth a go. I wouldn't pay a huge amount for it though."
,Recommended,286040,19132732,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dutchman bestopencase.com,"Great game. Amazing content with various modes including Survival, Story etc. The game runs smoothly no bugs nor glitches from what i´ve seen. would buy it 8/10"
76561197999470889,Recommended,286040,19273693,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Oziiii,"Zombies and zombies. Short, but still, playable game for few bucks"
76561198046299128,Recommended,286040,18738004,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Phantom,"A lot of people complain about the grenade guy, but once you have autoheal and know what to look for he is only a moderate challenge. I have beaten the game and found it quite enjoyable. I still find Dead Space to be much better, but this was worth the price I paid. I still wish the game didn't have a freemium feel to it (expensive to resurrect, expensive guns/upgrades, dual currencies), I was able to beat it without any additional purchases. I found the option to use a gamepad helpful, but the game doesn't have complete controller support (e.g. Once paused, I had to use the mouse to unpause & the upgrade/buy menu only use the mouse).Overall, I'd say this is a pretty good game that definitely feels like it was ported from a mobile device. It's short, action packed, & quite suspenseful."
76561197970382471,Not Recommended,286040,18801681,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gambit,i dont recommend this game because it is broken when i finally get to play the game i look in the air and spin and everytime i look down i look up again and start spinning. i want my money back
76561198020316946,Not Recommended,286040,19074711,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TAIPAN,"It was only a buck-fiddy and playing for about 1/2hour provided enough to emphasize this game is not worth the 99cent club. It would make a good game if player movement and melee allowed for it. Zombies come out faster than the firing rate of the guns and no way to jump over the floor crawlers nor fight the walkers with your limbs, which just dangle straight out. They could have at least made them functional. Short review, I know, but just leave it at that."
,Recommended,286040,21909236,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,cookiemonro,Minigun Zombies Are AMAZINGI Feel Badass When I Throw GrenadesRevolvers Are AmazingBiohazard Is Really FunCampaign Was A Bit WeakSurvival Is Just A Stupid Version Of BiohazardTag Is Multiplayer Even Though It Is Not Multiplayer7/10
76561198026812549,Recommended,286040,30608457,Posted: 18 March,all,"Isaac Yankem, D.D.S.","For about five bucks, Dead Effect is a decent enough little time sink if you've got nothing else to do.  The Campaign mode is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretty much only useful as a tutorial for the Survival and Biohazard Modes.  There are some frustrating enemies in there too - the grenade zombies are cheap as hell."
,Recommended,286040,19071121,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MKasul,"Nice time killer. Interesting experience to be a zombie killer. Weapons are very good made. Shooting is interesting. Buy this game, it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,286040,19087683,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Bishop1611,No strafe left and right??!!!  It plays like a 1980's video game. The creators should be ashamed and embrassed by their lack of NO LEFT OR RIGHT STRAFE!!! Maybe this is why so many negative comments are made. The graphcs look good. The script sounded cool.... but to be so ignorant not to allow simple strafe left and right movement???
,Recommended,286040,19299558,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Crayola Snarkel,its alright seems like a mobile game looked it up and it is lel
,Not Recommended,286040,19524816,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,shapes345,iphone game ported to pc.. whos idea was that???
76561198075576774,Recommended,286040,19599161,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Szamer,"""This is like any normal zombie shooter, just this time your in space. Plus zombies can throw grenades at you!""Watch my review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRPmELA-89M"
76561198060235761,Not Recommended,286040,19590059,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,my777stars,this game is a joke. dont bother your time playing this.i think i got this game free and its been under development for a long long time in a galaxy far far away.
,Recommended,286040,19797411,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,buticone,A competent if unoriginal zombie shooter.On the plus side:- Good Score- Good graphics- Nice variety in characteristics and behavior among different types of zombies.- Intuitive controls and upgrade system.On the minus side:- Voice acting so bad it almost qualifies as a plus for serving as unintentional comic relief.- The grenade zombies and their one-hit kills are beyond annoying.Verdict:Recommended for a buy if it's on sale.
,Recommended,286040,15705610,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tr3b0r,"For £1 (sale price), and for an iPad game ported to PC, this game is pretty good.A simple yet effective game you sink an hour or two at a time in.Buy it."
76561197962945972,Recommended,286040,19727252,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Blendes,"Want some brain dead fun for a few hours ?If yes this game is for you!I picked it up when it was discounted and it was totally worth the money, don't expect to be blown away by anything, just turn of your brain and shoot stuff!"
76561198192720951,Recommended,286040,19642744,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,brian223223,its a cool game
,Recommended,286040,19675048,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Guntario,"I really, really, really wanted to like this game, but I can't do it. I hate games that don't have a quick save feature. Everything else about this game is awesome. I can't even say that I don't recommend it because some people love the challenge of a game that makes you replay the last 10 minutes over and over and over and over until you squeak through. I'm too casual of a player."
76561198207556473,Recommended,286040,20100472,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,pikeman074,I really like the game slightly glitchy but deffinately playable a cross between doom bfg and black ops  zombies overall a very fun fps if you like oldschool doom and the like
,Not Recommended,286040,16103731,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Parallax Abstraction,"I'm honestly surprised by how many positive reviews this game is getting. I just finished it and it's not good. At all.First and foremost, this is a port of a mobile game that was originally designed to have microtransactions in it. The port is not great. On my GTX970, the frame rate frequently drops when there are a lot of enemies around. The sound is also improperly mixed, with the music overpowering all the speech and the volume sliders literally don't work. The graphics are B-grade but this is an inexpensive game and considering the price, they look decent with strong colours and nice lighting. This actually would look pretty impressive on a mobile device.The microtransactions have been removed but the secondary ""gold"" currency which is used to buy better weapons and an optional automatic healing device is still present, gold it just randomly dropped from enemies now. It's not obnoxious but it feels like a shoehorned design.The rest of the game is pretty awful. The voice acting are firmly in the ""so bad it's kind of good"" camp which I actually can respect when it's done well but the story and writing are absolutely abysmal and the ending is literally a screen of text thanking you for beating the game and saying more is coming soon. The combat feels pretty good with a varied selection of weapons but upgrades require so much in-game currency that you'll probably just focus on one or two, made more necessary by the bias towards certain types of ammo drops. The enemies run the gamut of usual zombie varieties but some of them (such as the soldiers that throw grenades) are cheaply placed in levels so that you'll frequently die unexpectedly. Since respawning costs in-game money, this is really frustrating.There was potential for this to be a good B-grade shooter which can still be fun but this was clearly a mobile game first and it didn't make the transition well. This might have been decent by the traditionally low standards most mobile gamers have but on PC, you can find so many better shooters for similar money. Skip this, it's not worth it."
76561198063012203,Not Recommended,286040,17787285,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Wolfsbayne,"bought this game in early acess, and it advertised it all :d co-op and so much more, year later and im reporting this game for fraud to steam, honestly the game dev's should rename their company to EA2, here have all these features wait you don't have a complete game! well buy DE2 for all the♥♥♥♥♥♥we promised and advertised for the first one, honestly atrocious, devs need to learn to finish a agme before working on the sequel, any positive reviews of the game im assuming come from people who recently bought it, or have no idea what a quality game is, i've bought better for a dollar. hoping my steam refund comes through and they take the opportunity to properly evaluate the scam that is dead effect."
76561198102542090,Recommended,286040,16693932,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ZETA6,this game removed the dead effect from my mind and got me to do something other than stare at my screen.awsome game. play story first then go play hord mode enleas you want a pushover game. the minigun sucks dont use it get the devanet it kills anything super fast no matter what.
76561197978843039,Recommended,286040,17872155,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,boff
,Not Recommended,286040,17830981,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Devir,"If you bought this game mistakenly thinking it was ""Dead Space"" you are fogiven.This game is crap. Complete crap. Horrible voice acting. Horrible zombies. horrible gameplay. The graphics are ok, probably stolen from 100 other space games. I'm not an EA fan, but Dead Space is well out of this game's league and so well done I almost forgot it was an EA game."
,Recommended,286040,17827739,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,akrovatis1979,The flaws that people are mentioning are true.But... Seldomly have I had such satisfaction of killing hordes of zombies. In a spaceship. For 5 euros?Good deal!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cg3mTttmJM8
76561198027541238,Recommended,286040,16586836,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PrimeMover,"For the price you really can't complain. It is a little rough around the edges. That considered, it has some really great parts to it as well. The weapon unlock, weapon upgrade, and suit upgrade mechanics are actually pretty cool. This game isn't as much of a run around and kill stuff shooter as much as a tactical slow moving shooter."
76561198011411324,Recommended,286040,16530301,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,davidcell,Really Quite challenging. Eye candy was not too bad.
76561198205692395,Recommended,286040,16918423,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,srhafc,LOVE IT first shooter i have played on a computer for a whileits a abit like dead space n doom
,Recommended,286040,17112999,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,VenomCLC,"Reminds me of DOOM 3, so it's good :D"
,Recommended,286040,18363918,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Shyhalu,"Its a pretty good game, worth the 5 bucks if not a bit more.Well optimized, excellent graphics, oddball storyline, a good selection of weapons, etc.Shouldn't be classified as a horror game, its basically a zombie sci fi shooter done well without trying to mash other game genres into it.Only major complaint is the garbage QTE event on one of the bosses, but its only upon being hit so thats fine.Game feels a little too easy after getting auto heal (Tough to enjoy game without it) and semi upgraded weapons, ran it on 2nd to hardest mode.Its honestly a stea lat 5 bucks."
76561198090745574,Recommended,286040,18361728,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Rushing Problem,This is a fantastic game but it can use some improvements here and there. All I half to say is the people that made this game that they did a good job making this game.
,Recommended,286040,18361929,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bigfoot Gangbang,"Atmosphere reminds me of System Shock 2, for some reason.Grenade Zombies are a terrible design choice and should be removed.Solid 6.5-7/10"
,Recommended,286040,19776799,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,netomanoten,"Wow! I played the mobile version, and liked it back then, but this is a super upgrade when it comes to graphics and ambiance. The game is now perfect! It’s a space zombie shooter with doom 3 like graphics. The story is simple, the gaming mechanics are similar to other shooters, but what really makes this game special is the ambiance, really dark, scary♥♥♥♥♥zombies, and great dynamic shadows & lightning. The combination of the elements used to make this helps to create a nightmarish & enjoyable game. I really thinks this developer is doing a great job in porting this great mobile classic to PC with sweet new graphics. I can’t lie, this is a really good looking pc game, but it certainly isn’t trying to compete with games like DOOM 4, but it definitely seems very worthy of paying for such a great experience."
76561198002380447,Recommended,286040,20057986,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Your_Fear,Superb!!!!!!!I already own DE on android and I was so impressed about this game that I decided to try the PC experience. Result: Day and Night. This game is like playing a MUCH improved version of Quake 4 with a twist of I would like to say Doom but nope it is more like Dead Space.  Music is awsome. Best of all I can play this game in 3D. I wish they write more games this much fun. I would give 10/10 however I will keep one point due to some stereoscopic compatibility issues. However the game is PERFECT for $1.49. This game put to shame higher priced titles. I cannot wait for Dead Effect 2 on PC. I do not care is free for android.
,Not Recommended,286040,20334683,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CHKnDaemon,"Great game if I were playing it on a smart phone or tablet while sitting on the toilet for hours s***ing my guts out after eating grandmas tuna dumpling casserole surprise. Other than that, not much to find here beyond it's tired out aesthetics, wonky controls, and lack of plot. Despite what women tell me, I have a life and 30 minutes of it is all I am giving this game."
,Not Recommended,286040,20314962,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,"Its like Dead Island but a little worse, but its in space. Thats kinda cool i guess."
76561198149644238,Recommended,286040,15694475,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,frazer_2012,"This is one of the best FPS, Survival-Horror, Adventure, Puzzle. games I have played in a long time! In fact, this game gave me heart trouble. I was tense and jumpy throughout the whole game. Zombies come out of nowhere to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and you gatta haul♥♥♥♥♥and\or get fraggin or die MUTHAFUKA! I didn't pay for this game but I would have. I hope they come out with an expansion pack or some other story continued,,,whatever just but me back aboard another space ship or space station and let me run the gauntlet again. My only complaint was that I played the whole game and it was just towards the end of the game before I could afford to purchase a different (more powerful) rifle and a better hand gun! I don't get that|? I found this to be somewhat frustrating and dissapointing at times e.g. 5 or 6 am and I am twitching at the mouse and I can't even see anymore because I have been trying to finish this level since sometimes late last night 12:30 AM, ish? yeah! and I KEEP getting killed because I have lame♥♥♥♥♥weapons and, okay, also because I am deleriously tired. I know yall can relate. In other words, this is one of those ADDICTIVE games dare i say WE,  luv??"
,Recommended,286040,15659649,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dr.Gutt'O,"I've bought it on a sale, and it was a nicely spent ~1,5 Euro. The game is great if you want and stick to play as a lone mofo (or father-fo if you choose the female character), to grind zombies the most linear way possible. However if your brain hurts of the story missions being so linear, the game gives you other arcade style blood splattering lovelynesses which helps you to gain more credits and gold bar to get more gun and upgrade them to shoot the guts out of the hordes of an evil zombiemastermind even better so you make more gold bars and more credits, but for some strange reasons those schematics I have found during the gameplay failed to update my weapons, however I might have gapped something as my intention was to minimize all brain activities for the time of the gameplay, basically turning myself into a cabbage capable of controlling 5-10 keys and a mouse.I have missed the game saving, which is available only at the end of the level, and the respawn-for-money option is kind of fails as in ""arcade"" modes it does not really a big loss, only during story mode.The linear gameplay is spiced a bit with locating bonus stuffs to collect/shoot which also adds a bit different light to the romantic gory sci-fi landscape:- Excuse me Mr. Deadmeat, but I believe you are spilling your guts on my collectible tablet.or- Please do not sink your teeth deeper in my grey matter until I shoot that nicely but not well hidden circle called orb, thank you!I have to admit as one FPS zombie addict to another I have purchased it with the intention to hold out until I receive my salary so I can afford another title which I don't want to advertise here, but once I'll have it, see you online, ladies!"
76561198109099969,Not Recommended,286040,15722339,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Daesaster,
76561198022370609,Recommended,286040,15708647,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tiny Trees,"I bought this for £1.15 in the May time sale 2015. It's only 6.1 hours game time for me.Yet I would have been happy had I paid the full price of £4. Thats's because from the start, DE takes off like a tuned up Doom 3 and it never lets go.The graphics are great even though there is not enough AA to calm them down. It leaves us with plenty of dazzling lines about. However for the price and the intense fun DE delivers, it doesn't matter for a fraction of a second. With DE you simply get stuck in and have a blast.The switching weapons to upgrade menu had me confused. Only by the end of the game I guessed it was mouse wheel scroll to select which weapon to upgrade. Bad point that because I tried every key and mouse click. I still managed very well in the game though because it was set to default upgrade the shotgun - good weapon.If you think not being able to jump is a deal breaker, this is not for you. Personally I forgave it instantly, the moment I found I could exit open elevators before they got right down. The only other aspect to mention about the mechanics, is that the shooting is good.DE is solid. The biggest surprise is that it's quite scary, and extremely engaging. From the Steam screenshots it looks the opposite, and only questionably worth £4. I just finished it, and even at 6 hours long it feels highly replayable. DE to me was worth every minute and pound invested."
76561198128581656,Recommended,286040,15584696,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Eagle Dionysos,I love this game because ıt's cheap and wonderful
76561197970933928,Recommended,286040,16635001,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,crankerup77,it's ok can't get thru the detox level it keeps freezing
,Recommended,286040,18269622,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Chevs,It's K
,Not Recommended,286040,15683925,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,eibnerg,The scariest thing about this game is how hard your character struggles to breathe after sprinting for 10 metres.Game is sh.it! (it's a mobile port ffs)
,Recommended,286040,18300779,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hudson Balboa,"Fala galera, beleza?Estou aqui humildemente para a divugação do meu canal do Youtube, sei que tem muito que melhorar, mas se vocês puderam dar molhadinha, não imaginam o quanto vai ajudar, muito obrigado!!=3https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8tquU5_X0t3NoZwUzKmRbw"
76561198168285286,Recommended,286040,18292300,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bananakin,This game is really fun i beat it and while i do not understand the story line completely it was worth the money i used to buy it !
76561198015772400,Not Recommended,286040,18447967,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,timbohay,"good god this game sucks, i know its cheep but man does it suck, and the art direction is just nasty"
,Not Recommended,286040,18024778,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Butter Bot,"This game offers come cheap fun if you're in the mind for a shameless Doom/Dead Space knockoff, but the appeal of zombies in space wears off quickly. By the time the one-shot kill, grenade chucking zombies are introduced, that appeal is gone entirely.Throw in the many weird/bad design choices (no jump, no melee, no meaningful/fun gun upgrades), and it becomes clear this is one zombie-infested ship that you should let fly on its merry way, without you on board."
76561198214114163,Recommended,286040,18019935,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ultimate gamer,its a fun zombie first person horror game that is based of in space with zombies its a great game that you must play
76561198078051483,Recommended,286040,17960108,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Razorman,"Нормальный зомби-шутер. Есть много схожего с DOOM3. Скорости маловато. Граната взрывается непривычно. Однако, за таку цену и со скидкой можно поставить плюс."
76561198111306223,Recommended,286040,14725490,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,"Ethan, That's Me",sausage sausage everywhere
,Recommended,286040,14725802,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Savage Boy,"> Watch out there are spoilers <So wut this game is about ? shooting a lot of zomb'z on a starship in da space ! that's it !Oh wait there is a campaign ! so you're a badass mercenary with this horrible dubbing (I played with the woman never impressed by anything) and this bullet time ability [F.E.A.R.] trying to escape this hell and helped by this weird german scientist, who's a traitor because finally he is the cause of this zombipocalypse and you're one of his ""patient""! and who's also the final boss, but that doesn't stop there, when you win this boring and not-so-difficult final fight, he almost die like Hitler [in Wolfenstein 3D] ""Auf wiedersehen and then dead he explode""beside the stupid 3 hours campaign this game got a survival mode [Killing Floor feelin'] and some gamemodes which allows some replayability...And good graphics for a smartphone's portage, it could have been worse (just look at Deus Ex The Fall), playing it in 1920x1080 is not that bad for my eyes maybe too much colors but that's all, what could I expect from the Unity Engine ?Is that all what's good with this game you may ask, no of course, I enjoyed the almost smooth and almost fast action that you have in the game BUT I found stupid that there are no footsteps noises and the fact you can't jump, so sometimes it's giving a weird filing, the sounds effects and the music aren't that bad and the shotguns in the games are effective, so yes I had fun playing this game once.So it's a classic formula of an old school FPS with a not-so-original story and a classic level design, you move and kill everything what's around you with some weapons which are difficult to paid and making your way through these things (That IA is so bad, take these stupid zomb'z grenadiers) to finishes many levelsThe experience could be a little better if this game would be more polished because I had this sad feeling of an early access because of some bugs like zombies going through elevators, not any physics in the game and the sprint is kind of bad.Oh and I have a little hint : don't buy the TAR-XR12 the feeling with this weapon is horrible and the precision sucks AND this gun doesn't hurt the big zombies (could it be a bug ?) , but the Spaz, hum I mean HYDRA-2CL would be your best ally, that's all I would say about this game, worth the 1,49€ I paid but maybe not the actual price at 5€ ._."
76561198050912162,Not Recommended,286040,14728156,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mobstered,"0/10, camera and movement are controlled by the game, you have no control over your own character. Updated all mouse/keyboards  drivers and reinstalled game, still no improvment."
76561198156625088,Recommended,286040,14728536,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BabyGotBullets,Has a Dead Space vibe with Hard Reset graphics minus the colorful explosions. Great game since I paid $1.49 for it. The only thing that I dont like is using the keyboard at certain points but its minor inconvience.
76561198039731449,Not Recommended,286040,14728683,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,me and me,"its horrible, u play only with some wagner giving u instructions in the background, it look like painkiller, terrible!"
,Recommended,286040,14714057,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ingeeknito,I decided to buy this game because of the price. It's an indie version of Doom 3 mixed with Dead Space and it won't disspoint you.8/10
76561198011469485,Recommended,286040,14714445,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Staticated,"Doom III clone with zombies instead of demons, a survival-mode and upgrading options.The game is graphicly nearly identical to Doom III, nothing esceptional to note.The sound is nothing exceptional either, though the awfull voice-work must be mentioned.Gameplay-wise it's just arcade-shooting fun, with your gathered money you can upgrade your character and weapons.There some secrets to look for during missions and lore-stuff to unlock.About 14 missions of each around an hour to shoot trough and a survival-mode to keep you engaged.Simple fun for €4,99 you really can't complain, but it isn't a 'must-buy' game either."
76561198088357983,Not Recommended,286040,14714728,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,killer12799,"3/10pros: differnt modes to play, Good WeaponsCons: Is this a iphone game, bad story, bad bosses, chartactor that no one cares about, are you sure this is not dead space, bad voice acting"
76561198000550050,Recommended,286040,14714797,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Rocktinius,"Used to play this on me old smart phone.Sound and graphics are far from good, but the gameplay is nice and fun with some laughable comments."
76561197993262431,Recommended,286040,14715136,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Draxx,Very well done.  Replayability is very good due to upgrade trees and the need for money.  Multiple game modes keep it fresh.
76561198150474106,Recommended,286040,14718798,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Magicaltyler,Its your typical zambie game. so u like to play zambie games? you will like this one
76561197980523260,Recommended,286040,14719527,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Stone_Templar,"Having a ton of fun. Simple? Sure, but what they do well they do perfect and it makes for really enjoyable gameplay.They don't try to get too fancy where they don't need to, and for the most part stick to a tried and true set of mechanics. Namely, aim for the head, kill the zombies before they eat you.Visuals are great even if dated, and fit the theme and the whole game beautifully.All in all, even if it looks old, it plays great and will give you hours of satisfaction holding out against the undead if you like solo-survival horror themed games."
76561198163148477,Recommended,286040,14720425,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"Dead Effect is really fun. Its a lot like Doom 3 but a bit more colorful. It is rather easy at times, with a few instant deaths from an enemy grenade. After a while you toughen up and survive these. The game has some fun leveling up of weapons and skills.The environments are not well varied and each map tends to be more of the same, over and over. It is very satisfying to play though. The revolver and shotgun are great fun. Ive yet to experiment with the other weapons.Dead Effect is not a AAA game by any means. Its worth $15-20 in my opinion although I got it for about $2."
76561198115082451,Recommended,286040,14720696,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Krazy Wallet,"When I purchased this game, I was not expecting much. The graphics are decent, satisfying sound effects (lots of splats and gory, juicey sounds when heads explode), and an easy system to learn. As with many shooter games, do not play this for the story. It is fairly cliche' and the voice acting is pretty terrible. I actually thought it brought a sense of comic relief. In terms of the environment, this game is similar to DOOM 3, except with more satisfying kills and you do not need to holster your gun to hold up a flashlight! However, this game is not nearly as creepy as DOOM 3. If you are looking for a scary/horror game, spend your cash on Dead Space or Outlast.Some negatives are the relative shortness of the story, the ease that one obtains money (you can get the best weapons within an hour if you play survival or biohazard), and some janky aspects of the controls. Sprinting slightly zooms in the view that could mess with your head, there is no jump option, and crouching just makes you feel like the midget version of arnold schwarzenegger. However, the most aggrivating thing is not having any form of melee attack. This is substituted with an electric glove that needs to be recharged after every use. Granted, the game is not very difficult if you are used to first person shooters, so you will likely not need a melee option.This game will not fulfill all of your first person shooter fantasies unfortunately. However, it is well worth the $1.49 that I spent on it. If you see it on sale, snatch it. It will provide several gore-filled hours of senseless violence and entertainment.As a side note, this game has the best credits. It lasted perhaps 8 seconds."
,Not Recommended,286040,14720773,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,setman212,"Ok now before everyone is like ""Why do you not recomend this game?! It's a great game it has zombies in it!!!"" Yes, it has zombies in it, it is a zombie based game with it's title adopted from Dead Space and Mass Effect. (has more of a resident evil/dead space feel to it though). It is an ""action-horror shooter that does stay true to older zombie games"" (quoted from Original Traders Group) but, for a game that had a really good trailer and has lots of potential to be a really good zombie game, it deserves a 3/10.Pros:*AI is smart, it has a good line of site and when it sees you it will start to come after you. If you get to close and it can't see you it will start attacking you.*AI helps other AI - if one zombie sees you, all zombies in the room your in and any ones close to a door to that room your in, will come after you.*Headshots are headshots, with the pistol. (so far I've only used the assault riffle and the pistol plus grenades)Cons:*Character Development - The only backstory you get to the two characters you can select, is literally almost just one sentence, and that's it, I have no reason to want to play as the character I play as aside from their abilities or their weapons.*Voice acting - God, I think I turned off all sound the minute I heard the doctor. Idk who was that voice actor (if it was one) but it was really bad and almost all monotone, same with the male protaganist.*Dying - When you die on a mission, you can pay to restart from a checkpoint. Now, for this to be a classic based FPS horror game, like doom, you should restart from the beginning regardless of how far you got. Too bad, you died, restart the whole mission again until you learn from your mistakes. Just like Doom.*Weapons - You can only have two types as a character unless you pay in-game currency to get say, a shotgun for the male character for example. I mean, its not all that bad but I'd rather save my money and spend upgrades on the weapons I already do own.Ok now, I did get this for 1.49 because it was on sale, and the original price was 4.99 so I should stop ranting now. But still, I'd rather pay $20 for a good survival horror fps zombie game than this. But, it's ok, knock yourself out with it. I mean, it's not like you will be raging from the EULA agreement that you agreed too. Wait, did I agree to that? Wait, I forgot, it's automatic with these guys. At least they aren't selling your PC info. Also, watch out for grenade throwing zombies. Even if you kill them before they throw the grenade, they still throw the grenade somehow.Well, have fun everyone, and happy gaming! :3EDIT: Also, is it monsters or zombies? Because one achievement says Kill 5 zombies with headshots, and the other said kill 100 monsters. Please, make up your mind."
76561198113873822,Not Recommended,286040,14721640,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,meep,"One of the worst shooters I have ever played.It shoves unfair amounts of horridly designed zombies at you in the hopes that you will not realize that it is a horrible game in terms of both aesthetic (overused♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and gameplay (buggy, unfair).It isn't survival against the odds, it's bad designI'm mad."
,Recommended,286040,14721653,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"I don't mind a zombie game every now and then. I, like most gamers, am getting fairly tired of the trope, but when a game promises a new approach to mob-style survival horror (especially at such low prices), I'll give it a shot. I'm a huge fan of Killing Floor, and so when I read reviews that this mirrored the gameplay (and with the 70% off), I grabbed it on a whim.Dead Effect starts with your character awakening from a cryo sleep on a space station. Much of the story is revealed through found tablets with various notes (nothing new here), and the seemingly endless corridors of the space station, while showcasing limited assets, adds to the feel of being ""trapped"" while you play. The zombies are zombies. Some crawl legless, some are in biohazard suits, and other various types add to the Killing Floor vibe. There's always plenty of enemies around, and being overwhelmed is as easy as missing a crucial reload. Grenades, special suit-based AOE attacks, and bullet-time modes make combat interesting and fast-paced, despite the slow hordes lumbering towards you.There are several different game modes apart from the campaign. Guns in the campaign are given early and often, and ammo (if you explore) is scarce, but easy enough to manage. Aforementioned suit-powers deliver devastating AOE attacks, used for those 'surround' moments. There are gripes, of course; Your character cannot jump, can only sprint for a few meters before tiring, the HUD isn't incredibly easy to understand at first, and the upgrade menu for after missions is extremely buggy for a final release game.All in all, it's a good little game, ESPECIALLY for the low price. A lot of hard work certainly went into it, and if you're into games like Killing Floor, Left 4 Dead, and any other mob-based zombie game (of which there are hundreds), this will be a good addition."
76561198006478062,Recommended,286040,14698558,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,tstefan,"Good. Not great, but still good. Especially for that price. Although the graphics should run a bit faster, I suppose. But it's worthy buying it."
76561198092542804,Recommended,286040,14698696,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,𝓡𝓸𝓻𝔂,"It's a great combination of zombie shooter and sci fi action kind-of-thing and definitely worth a try. I always loved call of duty zombies and this really reminds me of it in a great way, it's really addicting and your work gets rewarded. awesome game can only recommend it :)"
76561198074875921,Not Recommended,286040,14699917,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DemMemes,Now lets get things straight.Pros -ZombiesGunsSpaceCheapGood graphicsBloodShiney LightsCons -Awful plotClunckyLags without changing settingsAwful animationsEasy (even on hell)Very few enemiesNot good shootingAwful AIZombies are easyZombies are slow until you go right next to themShortUninspiringAnd Overall is a mehI give this game a 4/10 just because of howbad the plot is and the fact that there isn'tmuch in it. It is just a boring zombie shootergame. AND NOW I HAVE SAID IT SO MAKEBETTER GAMES PLEASE.Ps - I did like the staring screen.
,Not Recommended,286040,14707787,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Charlie Kilo,"In the film industry there's a name for what this game is, one I hope traverses into the realm of videogames: Schlock.Imagine the game premise as a film pitch: ""An amnesiac protagonist awakens from hibernation on a space ark on a mission to save the human race, only to find their fellow passengers and crew have been turned into a horde of undead monstrosities. Also the protagonist is a ex-special forces badass who can slow down time into bullet-time action sequences. Played straight""Seriously, you know what you're getting in for, it's cheap, predictable but at the end of the day regardless of the attempts at story and context it's still about shooting space zombies in the face for fun. If that's what you want from your game it will deliver, if you expect an inch more I'm afraid you'll be dissapointed."
,Recommended,286040,14713061,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RAIZO,"""You are needing to kill ze zombies..."" Okay, poor attempt at making fun of the German scientist in the game but that is what you need to do to survive, and man is it fun!  Sure, it may look a little oldschool and some of the enemy animations are a tad twitchy, but for $5 one can't complain.  Seriously, for that price there's a whole lot of gaming to be had with this one.In addition to the story mode, there is a survival mode (simply survive until time runs out) and also a biohazard mode (wave-based, like Killing Floor and other similar games). On top of that there is also a large selection of weapons to unlock by means of gold bars and credits (yes, everyone knows that in the future, or at least in space, all currency is in the form of credits........and gold!!).  The weapons can also be upgraded.Lots of fun and easily one of the better games available on Steam for the price, so grab a copy."
,Not Recommended,286040,14655457,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gorplax,"Installed game on my ssd, rebooted pc. The video never fails to freeze about a minute and a half in, but audio continues. There's absolutely no info about this problem on the web. Good thing it was only $1.70. A hundred thumbs down for stealing my money."
,Recommended,286040,14657237,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mac_er,"Nice game for the discountPros :no laglots of weaponSURVIVAL MODE!!!!awesome background musiccons :no footsteps soundno walking animationno multiplayer (i mean Co-op)short campaignBut still like this game for Insta fun or just messing around :DGreat game guys, pls update :)"
,Not Recommended,286040,14642501,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,boorns,"Wouldn't really recommend it. It's really hard to control the camera. Reload time is crap. Can't jump, can barely run. Zombies start lunging at you and there's really nothing you can do especially when you're stuck reloading basically always."
76561198015331470,Recommended,286040,14642931,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,A Multiplayer Game,"So far this game is pretty ill the zombe play - sick the grafix   sick the music is fittting,, I heart zombies i heart this game."
,Recommended,286040,14644592,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AmoBytes,"I'm going to make this really simple.If you're expecting a revolutionary game that comes to you with new ideas, mechanics, gameplay, a compelling story, phenomenal gunplay, expert voice acting and next generation graphics... This is totally not that game. However, if you're looking for a shooter you can waste your time on and not feel completely compelled to listen to the story, and can enjoy some different game modes in and just kill some monsters. This game is perfect for you.The game is a horror shooter and it does this well. The atmosphere is epic and probably the greatest feature of the game.The graphics are pretty on par with most other games of this style if not better, with some lower resolution textures in some places, but really not bad for the first game from a new company.The story is pretty meh, and the voice acting is terrible. But lets be honest, you're not really buying it for that.The gunplay doesn't really stand out as anything special, it's just average and works as you'd expect it to.On a whole, I'd say this game is really average, there's nothing new here, but it's fun. I recommend it because it's priced to sell as an average game. I picked it up on sale for cheap and it's completely worth it. I would have probably paid the full price for it. This was probably intended to generate a bit of revenue for a new company to build something bigger, I believe they successfully did a good job releasing a product that's priced correctly to raise money for possible future projects, and also something that will give the customers value for their money."
,Recommended,286040,14648835,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sir Maxwell Dong-Packer,So lets start off with the fact that it obviously looks like an fps Dead Space which we all know is a great idea. and with a price of $5 it makes it just that much more appealing. so obviously i bought it. as you can see i only clocked in a little less than 2 hours on this at the time of this review being written and believe me ill add more to it. I personally think this game is great. the weapons you can buy(a little too pricey for how common credits are but what are ya gonna do...) are really bad♥♥♥♥♥and make this slightly stiff shooter so much better. The Power glove weapon thing you start out with is very usefull and makes you add diversity to your kills with its very helpful pulse explosion and a high damage percise tazer like attack that really saves you in tight spots. i dont know if this is trying to be scary all around but the atmosphere that was used in Dead Space 1 resembles this very much but with a lack of audio(Background noises that keep you aware of the horrors around the next corner) to in a way make the rusty broken down space station seem scary... if youve read this far i think that youd love to hear about the guy that talks to you over that radio being some dude trying to sound like Arnold which is just icing on the cake that is this game. WARNING This is single player and i dont think it matters on steam but this is an M Rated style game with bloot and violence that certain parents may not find suitible for children to play8.5/10Great game Very FunController supponrt (Doesnt tell you what the controller mapping is but its there)on an xbox controller[A] To interact with everything[X] To toggle flashlight[Y] To ReloadD-Pad to change weapons [Up] primary [right] secondary [left] Power Glove [Down] Grenades[Left Trigger] Aim Down Sights(ADS)[Right Trigger] Shoot[Right Bumper] Power Glove Pulse Attack thing
76561198113833439,Recommended,286040,14635538,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ollyeta,"well! well! total wipeout this game 10/10 love this game, zombie fest all for me thought id escape down a level on lift! wot no they still came as the lift went down, f***  im dead lol. would recommend this to all FPS fans. i have all set to max settings looks ace well done for this one thanks."
76561198118496636,Recommended,286040,14636644,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jam Spudling,"enjoying it, great graphics, what avp should have been, cramped hallways, dark places. got side story, upgrades.yes some things about the game arent new but what it does, it does very well. hope the game continues in this manner"
76561197980406879,Recommended,286040,14637322,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Kernel Panik,if you are a fan of cod zombies then you well like this game
,Recommended,286040,14639343,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,IanMcMill,No Jumping.No Crouching.No Multiplayer.No Crafting.No Open-World.No Sandbox.No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but chainsaws !Compelling StoryIn one word: Old School.
,Recommended,286040,14639412,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,CPU Pixel Heart,If COD zombies and system shock 2 had a baby it would be this
,Recommended,286040,14639901,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JCozier_,"Okay, I have played this game for a very short period of time and I can already tell that for the cost, this game is good and worth the money (I only paid £1.28, WHAT!) The gameplay is smooth and really has you trying to preserve ammo, at least early on in the game, the visuals are very good, you can see effort and time have been put into this to make it as good looking as possible (nice use of lighting effects.)This game manages to build up tension from the get go, and creates a perfect atmosphere from it, a hostile place, where no one can save you but yourself. definatly an alternative to alien: isolation.I reccomend this game!"
,Not Recommended,286040,14640657,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,nvm it was the FUKIN MOTHERBOARD,I'm so glad I got this on sale.
76561198079516146,Recommended,286040,14640931,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Trojari,meh get something else instead. This game is ok
76561198024053171,Not Recommended,286040,14641190,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,The Mikslayer,"To start off its not too bad of a game. That being said, it's cheaply made and you can tell it was once an app store game. The game itself isn't too hard. Like as soon as you start doing the biohazard for extra cash and gold the game loses it's diffaculty. If you want a challenge play as the girl, the shotguns in this game are worthless. However, it is a time killer and sorta fun.It's like doom and dead space but they kept the bads from both. The grey interror and lack of horror. this could have been good if more work was put into it."
76561198090803011,Not Recommended,286040,14641633,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Баба яга,"This game has horrible effects, op zobies, no good storyline. And to many COD crawler refrences since if a zombie jumps at you they are too ♥♥♥♥en lazy to get up. Also the force open box animation looks like he/she is jerking off. Also needs multiplayer despritly."
76561198027607438,Recommended,286040,14601303,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gehenna,"All in all I enjoyed the game, the fat guys spitting with blood was super annoying and killed me over and over, but hey. I think the only real complaints I have is that I played at the woman, and she sounds like a man when she runs, and also the tablets refer to you as a man (if it is indeed you they refer to), and lastly the game is so damn short.Absolutely worth getting if its on sale, and you feel for a little Doom'ish shooter stuff."
76561198009480051,Recommended,286040,14628017,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Hawkeye0078,"got on sale for 1.50 , great game for the price and great sound track"
76561197974015614,Not Recommended,286040,14665835,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Giggixx,I'm glad I only paid 1.49 for this. It is repetative and boring.
76561198051610436,Recommended,286040,14683882,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hamster Jelly,"It's a budget game.You can spend £50 on a brand new space horror AAA game polished to a mirror shine, or you can spend £4 and have the same kinda enjoyment but with the polishing scaled down just like the price.Rather enjoyable but with the lack of any multiplayer to make use of its survival and wave defence based game modes the enjoyment will likely run out after your first play through of the campaign."
,Recommended,286040,14684651,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Reisen U-Inaba🐇,"Not BadBought it for RM3, worth it..-Low-tech zombies(its a compliment)-Overpowered cheap gun(for me xP)-Vintage sci-fi environment(really caught my attention)-Easy MRPG game(survive like other Z-games)Its not what you think!#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI didn't like it that much ;) (10/10)"
,Recommended,286040,14685573,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Yossarian27,"This game is a fun challenge and keeps my attention. If you like Killing Floor, Left 4 Dead, or just killing zombies, you're going to love this game. You can't beat the price either. Let me put it this way. In the last 2 weeks I've bought this and CoD: Advanced Warfare. When I get home I want to play this more. Not that the other is a bad game, I just am more excited about this one right now, and considering you'll save a bunch of money playing this one, I have to give this game a strong thumbs up!"
,Recommended,286040,14687270,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,::BOT::Mr:MISSBOT,$1.49      10/10        Game is cheap . Zombies are great  $1.49
,Recommended,286040,14689267,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Thugga Thugga,"Very cool little space zombie game, would reccomend if you enjoy fps and killing zombies."
76561198002976611,Recommended,286040,14690677,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Spare4Milko,"bought it for $1.50 -  hour later bought 2 more copies for friends - good fun, runs well, enjoy it heaps - good cheap fun - what more could you want...."
76561198181037077,Not Recommended,286040,14691437,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,cjreeves,How i go multiplayer? with ma friend
76561197968053239,Not Recommended,286040,14693657,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,m1ghtyk0ng,"In the start of the game you get the feeling that this game is going to be a good one. The graphics are pretty nice and the flow of the control and movement feels nice, except the character moves way too slow and can not jump. After three missions, I believe it was, you are in an elevator room about to exit with hordes of these zombies coming for you and no matter what you do, they seem impossible to beat. You wind up dying lots, and lots of times as a result. Yes you can use grenades but there are so many of these things coming at you that you wont have enough, and you will have to rely on a lot of head shooting, which is not that hard, but the problem is the floor crawlers. They are hard to hit. The sheer number of zombies that the devs throw at you in this seemingly very early level of the game has made me so frustrated with this game that I stopped playing it. Seriously, to make a game this difficuolt so early in the game is a sure fire game killer for me. There is no reason to expect a player, after 3 or 4 levels, to be an expert and be able to wipe out an army of zombies while you are merely trying to make it to some other room outside the room you are in. If you try and go around them, your character simply collides with them and u are stuck getting your asssss wipped. This game started off nice but I can see it is a bomb after 3 short levels. If you want to waste your money and buy it, by all means do so but remember who was the one who warned you against this garbage.  Even at a small price of $5.00 it is a dud and a serious aggravator. Good luck."
76561198214194428,Recommended,286040,14694454,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The_Great_Abu,Decent game for only being $1.49 on sale. I'd buy it again
,Recommended,286040,14698261,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BAŠA MRKALJ,The point games is okey but....It is too easy for players who love action :DCheck :D :)
76561198014496888,Not Recommended,286040,14676388,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ProfessorOne,Barely worth the dollar I paid for it.
76561198006541362,Recommended,286040,14676710,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,stranger1982,"A quick,mindless and decently fun sci-fi shooter,originally made for mobiles.Pros:-graphics are decent,textures scale up well,models aren't bad.-pretty old school gameplay,shoot hordes of things trying to not get overwhelmed,also bullet time and an aoe move.-decent selection of weapons,all upgreadable.-a few extra gamemodes and a new game + for those so inclined.Cons:-some graphic effects are subpar,also reused assets which make the levels look quite same-ish in the long run.-sound is generally poor,the voice acting is embarassing overall.-some difficulty spikes and unfair deaths.-weapon reloading time is generally long,and it seems to just be a gimmick to artificially increase the game difficulty.-the overall gold/credits upgrade system,and the fact you use credits to respawn if you die seems out of place in a PC game.Overall this is a mindless fun and simple game which I think is worth its price when on sale (I got it for less than 2$),think of it as a very light Doom experience with lower production values."
76561198004581037,Recommended,286040,14676987,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,aserothbw,"Though originally made for tablets and and smartphone, Dead Effect is a good port of a decent game. Voices are a little muddled at times, but gameplay is good, and the high number of weapons and play modes has a decent amount of replay value. There's enough story to make it interesting, although the voices leave something to be desired. Overall, this is one of the better shooters, and would recommend this one to others. My only complaints at this time is that gold is cumbersome to collect, though thankfully not very necessary currency except for a few items, and those damn grenade zombies."
,Recommended,286040,14677433,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Nacho Cheese,"It's part Doom,Dead Space in spaceeee but you can't crouch."
,Recommended,286040,14678790,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,SKAYSCRM,terrifying zombies.well graphic.nice backsound.for my personal 8/10
,Not Recommended,286040,14666892,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tankred,"I thought this would be a game of glorious space-zombie killing, but it turned out to be a mess of a game. It has no manual save function, the controls are awkward, it's hard to aim and it wants you to pay for everything."
,Recommended,286040,14672578,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kresinite,I dont really enjoy these types of zombie games as much where you just clear areas but this game is slightly enjoyable. If u like the app dead trigger get this.
76561197970574811,Not Recommended,286040,14672797,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BigKev777,What a dissapointment.  No save inside a level is a deal breaker.  Strange movement physics. Odd zombie motion. Poor voice acting. Everything loks waxy and shiny...  kinda boring action. Made for tablets. Not good enough for PC. Any classic shooter is better...  Going to  re-play DOOM 3. Deleting this off my hard drive.
76561197990672230,Recommended,286040,14673678,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,NineByNine,"Amateur voice acting, pedestrian plot, kinda goofy that without weapons your character stands with their arms out, static viewmodels for guns that do nothing interesting whilst idling, kinda shonky animations and models for characters and enemies...but god there are so many things RIGHT with this game. The weapon progression and upgrade system is great, the gameplay is rock solid and challenging, the zombies shuffle around in somewhat unpredictable fashion which makes them way more interesting than they would otherwise be, your one-shot-kill melee weapon has a very long cooldown meaning it's actually well balanced, where you shoot actually matters, and honestly it's a great fun FPS! Even the environments look great!Honestly if you want a nice, good, fun, cheap scifi zombie FPS game, give this one a shot, it's really excellent and well worth the money. I got it on sale at basically £1. It's worth so much more than that though, easily!"
76561198159779766,Recommended,286040,14702683,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ajax,shoot zombies - 2/10shoot zombies in space station - 5/10shoot zombies in space station that have miniguns - 10/10
76561198043056091,Recommended,286040,14703701,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rylon321,"First off, this game was a blast! I've played a couple of first person shooters before on the pc and Dead Effect wasn't that bad in comparison. The screen lagged for me a few times but nothing that deterred me from keep playing the game.The powers the game gives you are nice but you would think that they were unnecessary except to make things look cool as you obliterate hordes of zombies while you fire on them in bullet time but I was proven wrong when I had to use them in certain areas of the game that requires you to use them no matter how much of a crack shot you are. Though they tend to feel Overpowered at times, especially at boss fights.Bullet time > Empty mag on boss > Reload and repeat if you have time > Rinse and repeat. A little underwhelming once you understand their attack patterns. Then again, I haven't tried hard mode yet so I can't claim any bragging rights on that.The story isn't that grandiose in comparison to a few other games out there but then again, I'm here to shoot zombies not listen to a story. Still, if you have the patience to take the time and seek out the tidbits of story background, you'll find it quite engaging...provided you aren't busy shooting at zombies that is.Also, final boss fight, so silly at the end. Buy the game to find out why ;)"
,Not Recommended,286040,14704461,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Pugilist,Read the EULA privacy section and see that you're getting your privacy ♥♥♥♥ed.  See Bafster's review because he says it all...
76561198062296757,Not Recommended,286040,14704658,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,u2late,Just realized the EULA is ♥♥♥♥ed up as hell. It's basically Data Theft. I regret getting this game. If you want your data stolen then buy this game! Uninstalling... at least I only got this game for a dollar.
,Recommended,286040,14659798,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CrashingTiger,"It's been said, but this game is an old school shooter. Straight run and gun, blast everything, kill everything that moves, period. On that level, it succeeds.I'm not going to be too harsh on it since i bought it on sale for $1.49. However, there are problems. The audio sliders don't seem to be doing anything for me. While the voice acting is pretty awful, and gameplay is linear, it would be nice to be able to hear what's going on but i can't since i the music is so loud. The graphics are mediocre, but get the job done. Oh yeah, the voice acting is terrible, the storyline is pretty shallow and there are silly quick time sequences.This game also hates triple screen, and unlike most games i have, this game will not use a single screen when i turn it down to 1920x1080. Instead, it stretches the 1920 across all three screens. Not cool. Really, the only problem i've run across in triple screen is that the tablets are unusable. Once i pick one up to read it, it gets stretched to unreadable proportions and i can't get out of it. I have to ctrl-alt-del and end the program. I'm guessing there are buttons i'm supposed to click. Maybe i'll disable my screen grouping, or maybe i'll just finish the game without bothering to read the tablets.But forget all that and buy it anyway. It's a quick and dirty, zombies in space, sci-fi fps. The controls are crisp and responsive. No realistic anything to get in the way. It's a blast from the past kind of game and i love it for that."
76561198107819829,Recommended,286040,14663881,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tikwell,"This game isn't bad like it is.....;-)Linear, easy going, slow...but some time ok."
76561198028454519,Recommended,286040,14707752,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hawkeye_181,nice little indi horror(kind of)shooter.
,Recommended,286040,14806034,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aeo,"1. Outer Space2. Zombies3. Shooter- If you're a fan of these things, then, yes, I recommend this game.4. WTF-ish Voice Acting- If you're totally annoyed by this, then, no, I don't recommend this game.5. Worth more than the money you'll pay for.- If you're one for this, then, go, grab this game."
76561198147834714,Recommended,286040,24732594,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Divine Toad,"Best 0,99 cents ever spent!Picked it up on sale, and I'm happy I did :)Although the story is rather cheesy (mad professor with a German accent and all that jazz...), and it's basically a mobile game turned into a pc version, it still gives you that eery feeling you want in a horror game.It took me around 4 hours to finish at a normal pace, which is a decent length for a game like this (especially given the price tag)."
,Recommended,286040,24568190,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,rklapp,"For 0.99 on sale this game farts rainbows.Due to the blatant errors in calling something the ""D"" Effect, I propose renaming this game Kamikazi Zombie Peek-a-boo.It is possible to get all the guns and upgrades in a reasonable amount of time if you increase carry capacity, sell all your amunition(which is everywhere because science), and farm some missions by selecting the individual missions under ""missions"" in the main menu. The storyline is classical if not comedically pitiful. However, they seem aware of this and make no discernable attempt to lie about it. Try to skim through the lore tablets as they explain some things."
76561198002561766,Recommended,286040,24483379,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sherbert T Cat,Pretty nice port of a very good mobile title.All IAP items have been converted into in-game unlockables.
76561198155553030,Not Recommended,286040,24508139,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nivlek6000,"The game started out ok. A simple zombie shooter game. Not easy, but not difficult. Then I get to a level where there is a ridiculous amount of zombies coming down a narrow hallway. Can't go around them, and never enough ammo to go through them. that started happening a lot in this game. It became frustrating. The UI is also bad. The upgrade/equip menu wouldn't even work. It feels like this game was made for mobile. Uninstalled. Refunded."
76561198061061166,Recommended,286040,30801705,Posted: 28 March,all,Deep_Fried_Luv,"Got it for a dollar, sure its not that good, but get for a dollar, for some somewhat entertaining slock."
76561198096110376,Not Recommended,286040,16529631,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,OBNOXIOUS GIRAFFE NOISES,"Well this game is absolutely beautiful, it is very clunky. The game has great potential, but it is slow and everything is as I said, clunky."
,Not Recommended,286040,21164524,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Gingeneer,Basically a worse version of DOOM that has been ported from mobile. Do not buy unless it is heavily discounted.
76561198047198710,Recommended,286040,25643656,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,۞PReTo۞,"It's more entertaining than most AAA FPS games, the arcade shotting style wave after wave is pretty fun, there's plenty of achievments to hunt, lots of weapons to choose, include bows, crossbows and a minigun.The story is doable, voice acting is not bad, maybe it is bad but it's fun. A simple but quite entertaining title very worth the price on sale or not."
76561198128165426,Recommended,286040,25845686,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DeathDealers,the graphics are pretty good for an indie game but there are a few other important things they left out.  the controls are kinda hard to get used to at first.  the looting systerm  would be 7/10 for me. story 4/10  combat 8/10 if it was' int for the wonky controls the games okay theres just a few things they need to fix up thats all. but when its on sale its a pretty good deal only cost like 1 dollor for me when i buyed it. but the bad guys kinda ugly
,Recommended,286040,25992921,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Moloch,this game makes me feel like I'm playing an early 00s budget title
76561198098597706,Recommended,286040,20515623,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,(D☢N) ℝIGOℝ 𝕄OℝT𝕀S,"Game isn't that bad.Graphics are good but gunplay isn't.I payed less than 2$ for it.Once i find best control setup,i'm looking forward to play it more.So if you like simple fps games like Doom or Wolfenstein,you will surely like this one.What can you get for two dollars these days?Hepatitis B and a cup of coffee?Buy it you cheap b@st@rd! ;)"
,Recommended,286040,21845256,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Totemism,yep
76561198260174632,Not Recommended,286040,30762084,Posted: 26 March,all,limlaw28,"typical wave after wave of senceless zombies, story line unsatisfactory, only plus i can give it is graphicaly ok. not a hard game but boring."
,Recommended,286040,18662727,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,FatBird!,"So far, what I've experienced while playing this for over an hour, I like.This seems to be a low budget game, developed by people that worked hard to overcome the lack of budget, by making it very solid in terms of play, with a real nice look. The weapon upgade system is full of options. I've paid $50.00 first person shooters that I was far less impressed with.The price to quality rate makes this game well worth it, if you're looking for a budget FPS.The guys that developed this deserve some credit for their work."
76561197987031577,Recommended,286040,24238959,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Neo,"""Bad"" game in general. But I somehow enjoyed it pretty much. Stupid story, cluncky outdated movements, good feeling of loneliness and survival, good graphics and very re-playable."
,Recommended,286040,20844730,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Eveny,its a decent game your avrage zombie shooter
76561198032868190,Recommended,286040,20241192,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,luckystar10138,"the game is well thought out, didnt seem to have any glitches in it, played flawlessly on my box. the game devs did an  awsome job with the game play good graphics . would highly recommend giving this a shot. have recommended to others also. cant wait for the next one."
,Not Recommended,286040,20232964,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MJP,"It's not great.The shooting feels off most of the time and the story is pretty damn bad. Your a dude, I think you're name is dave? And you kill zombies on a ship which a german guy tells you where to go.Spoiler - the german guy is evil, turns on you, and you kill him.Now I actually like B movie games like this, but there are better games out there where you can kill and shoot a bunch (Like Killing Floor 1 and 2).So I really don't recommend this game. It's not great, and there's better stuff out there. Now I am going to go eat a Mr. Big because I am a big fat fatty."
,Recommended,286040,20885292,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ϟ Dr. Heavy Pootis-Man ϟ,"An Amazing game, Even When I run it at a low quality, a fun Shoot em' up type of horror game."
,Not Recommended,286040,20825350,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,LiaraRaziela,"Tbh, this feels like a low-grade copy of Dead space, trying to embody the same atmosphere and tension with poor AI and game mechanics. Its good for just pass-time but not a game I could highly recommend. Puts you off within 10 minutes of gameplay. Disappointing really when you look at the trailer and all."
,Recommended,286040,17036815,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SnowHUN,"Very nice mini game, i mean, not mini game, but not as big game as a Resident Evil for example.. :D but it's very good, you can upgrade your weapons, you have not many, but some weapons from choose, also u can earn easily Gold bricks, by completing survival challanges. It's a good game, i played through it on hard, but its so short :/ But good for this low price :P"
76561198171983879,Recommended,286040,16564563,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,neevok_eu,Quite a fun game. You need to get used to not being able to jump though.Very therapeutic to use a chainsaw on zombies...
76561198097261260,Recommended,286040,22037927,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Saberian,"Ok the game itself is not bad.  Its a little slow moving wise compared to other games out there but it is entertaining.  I was able to finish the game overall without rushing in about 7 hours so I feel that more content would have been nice, but the gameplay to get to the end was at least never really boring,  Just ask the question whether or not 7 hours of gaming was worth whatever you paid for the game."
76561198077256568,Recommended,286040,22150190,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Anime Terrorist,"The games alright, but I won't get it unless it's on sale. It just doesn't feel smooth. There's no jumping so the only way to get past obstacles is to shoot the,, and that pulls away the fun in this game. SO I like this game but honestly it's not worth five dollars. :P"
,Recommended,286040,21944024,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Cpt. Sourcebird,"Besides the fact that this was originally a mobile game designed for iOS and Android, this is a pretty good port for PC!What the game is about is that you wake up from a ""hibernation"" and you happen to notice that the whole goddamned ship is infected with alot of zombies, and you have to fight your way through it.What this game contains is mostly standard issue gameplay, meaning that what you expect in most video games is already here, but it gives you a vibe from the popular shooters such as DooM 3 or Dead Space, but it's still refreshing to play this game.This game is actually decent and fun, despite that there are generic elements derived from most First Person Shooters!If this game gets heavily discounted, you better buy this, because it's worth your almost 1 US Dollar. (Or 33 PHP if you live in Philippines.)"
,Recommended,286040,20139254,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,didark10,Its okay a bit laggy
76561198072313138,Recommended,286040,19854019,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,73vwtodd,"I don't know why so many people are being harsh on this game. If you like shoot-em-up games that require a bit more strategy and interaction than DOOM, and with a plot, this is a great game. The plot isn't as deep as System Shock 2, but it's still a great game, especially for $1.49"
76561197979281557,Recommended,286040,20196840,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,marchfawn,I just bought this game on sale and I want to say I really like this game. It's a Space Zombie game. It is very simple but it looks great and the guns are good. Sometimes I get tried of playing a game after getting killed over and over and I want to play something simple where I don't have to do a lot of thinking. This game is perfect for that. This game is a lot like Killing Floor but I like it a lot better!This game has one major flaw for me. It remimnds me of Just Cause 2. I finally just gave up on that game and I will never buy 3. The problem is that you have a little timed puzzle every once in a while you have to solve to get past it. I'm 66 years old and my mind is not as fast as it used to be.   I had to go back and start over on easy. Despite starting 3 times it topk me 16 to finish it.I would call this a $20 game. If Dead Effect 2 comes out I won't spend much more than that for it.This is still one of the more enjoyble games I have played!
76561198142544641,Not Recommended,286040,20099479,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,OMG Its Blade,SOOOOOOO BAD
76561197980147522,Recommended,286040,20477392,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[DSN] EXET,"I finished the first playthrough in 5 hours. So yes, it is short.But it is a great experience! Had lots of fun and I do like the story.While some said it is just another zombie shooter, well . . . the story does have a twist and you will only find out if you finish the game.Money well spent and had great fun. Doesn't matter if it was as short as it was. They do not ask for much for the game anyways!!!Mouse settings: Do turn of the smoothing and all. It makes a big difference. You have to adjust the mouse settings until it is as you like it. Takes some time, but worth it.Totally reccomend this game. Good job . . . :-)"
,Recommended,286040,20526301,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ayy lmao top keks,"Not really a positive review, but since there isn't a ""mediocre"" review choice, I gave this game a positive because as a small developer I can understand the time and dedication games like this need, and the frustration it must take to make it perfect and almost bug-free.This game was almost unplayable since It was kind of sketchy to learn the mechanics of it, and dying was too fast and we had to start almost from the begginng, that was kind of a bad image I was given.If I were to rate this game:4.8/10.0"
76561198065441934,Recommended,286040,20512066,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,gast128,Don't expect an triple A title for this price: it's a cheap fps but for it's price relatively good.
76561198098272444,Recommended,286040,20502009,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,✞ Daddy Lucifer ✞,GREAT GAME. Love love love it! I don't really know how to put it exactly into words. Just keep doing what you're doing Devs! LOVE YOU GUYS!
76561198202031650,Recommended,286040,20536209,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ryza,"Dead Effect is a game with the price if it is on sale. Graphics are fairly good for an indie game. The voice acting is passable.  More action packed than atmospheric or story rich, this is an acceptable game for casual and hardcore FPS fans."
76561198028135831,Recommended,286040,20561638,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Angry Monkey,"Summary:Casual Dead Space, but with bullet time instead of horror.The Good:- No bugs (at least, not for me). These devs know what they are doing from a programming standpoint.- Nice graphics.- Weapon upgrades are fun.- Secrets to find in the game (Orbs, tablets, money) keep the player exploring - very Metroid, nice touch.- Short. Doesn't outstay it's welcome (the reason I stopped playing Dead Island, it just draaaaaaagggged...)- WAGNER. IT'S PARTY TIME!- Gameplay. Those grenade zombies made me think about room positioning and you can use them against the other zombies if you are smart about it - definitely a bit of depth that kept me interested there. Bullet time isn't a get out of jail free card but rather an aid to aiming, which is all it should be.The Bad:- It looks like Dead Space, but it doesn't feel like it. No horror, no claustrophobia, no near-death experiences. This is only ""bad"" if that's what the developers were going for, but it's clear that the aesthetic is definitely ""heavily inspired by"" that game.- More Plot? It plays like a casual zombie shooter and so lacks long term engagement, but then there's WAGNER and the lore tablets dotted around the place. I feel like the developer could have done a little more with the plot and made it more interesting. Compare it to, say, Dead Space 1 with the whole Marker thing and the gradual revelation of the source of the zombies, and there you have much better engagementI think £3.99 is a fair price considering the enjoyment I got from it. Definitely worth it if it's on sale, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,286040,20611638,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chris Hansen,"There is lots of reasons i would recommend this game for a hardcore gamers or even casual gamers. This game is decent at best it has no issues i can run it fine at max settings. Its a fun game it has its flaws like for example there isnt very much features really... You find credits in stages through out the game and you buy weapons, upgrades,ammo, and basically everything you would really need to fight an invasion of zombies. This game doesnt really have the best story its a nice story driven game from a indie dev though with somewhat exciting parts through out the game.  Is it worth 5$ yes its a nice decent single player game not the longest game its about 5hrs long and im sure you could beat it in 2 or 3 hours if you really tried. Like i said though its a nice devloped game wroks fine but with little to no cons. My final verdict on the game is if your looking for a nice short single player game buy dead effect. I give the game an 8.5/10 :D"
76561198057818332,Not Recommended,286040,20590687,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Titty Sprinkles,"If you simply like shooting zombies then you are good to go. If your looking for a fresh and new perspective on the zombie FPS, this game is not for you. Grab on discount."
,Recommended,286040,20594717,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,KnopfKopfX,I really want to hate this game. But I can't. It's trash. But good trash. It has stereotypes (I hate stereotypes). But in a funny way. It feels like a rip-off. But one with much potential.I'm looking forward until they release the sequel.
76561198058071979,Recommended,286040,19978228,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,QKH Gaming,"it is a great game does not have a long story mode but i still highly recommend it, really looking for to dead effect 2"
,Recommended,286040,21901112,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dankesst Plays,killin zambies
76561198089645223,Recommended,286040,21848593,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"Dead Effect isn't the best game ever made, but I had a good bit of fun with it. I would say that 6 hours of entertainment is definitely worth the 99 cents I paid for the game on sale."
76561198077860680,Recommended,286040,21919984,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,I.D.P.D. TerminAtor,"This game is fun only when it is on sale. Why? It is a buggy mess, poor hit detection. bad sfx, uneven framerate, a male voice acting for a female character?, imba grenades out of nowhere, ....bla bla bla. However, it is still recommended as it is a good shooter at its most bony core, albeit only justifiable when it is heavily discounted."
76561198163524040,Recommended,286040,17941276,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Commander (TH),Good best recommended
76561198094739920,Recommended,286040,25813828,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lostcheetah,"This game is pretty awesome for the price, i do very much enjoy it for a cheep zombie/horror themed shooter"
,Recommended,286040,22097787,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kuda2k,ok game
,Recommended,286040,22250704,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,HoneyMOnSta,nice game
76561198047126736,Recommended,286040,22294702,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Toughluck8012,"The soundtrack alone is worth the money. Fun weapons, cool arena mode, pretty good story (a little short). I would say worth the buy."
76561198131329136,Recommended,286040,22394998,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ohio's_Last_Rockstar,"I played on medium for about 30 minutes.The game is okay graphically. Turn off mouse smoothing and speed in the menu though!Dont forget to turn down the music as the voice actors are muffled.The game is meh.But not horrible. But not excellent either.Athmosphere is there. Character Models are meh.The z's shuffle about and will lunge from time to time. There are a few harder enemies. Ive only experienced the chainsaw guy and the spitter so far.You can tell that the game is straight indie trying its *ss off.You could honestly skip this one and not feel guilty.Unless your a super nerdy sci-fi fan and have nothing better to do.im only recommending , because you can tell the game was on a budget. And most likely a time constraint.And Part 2 better be better!"
76561198022039830,Recommended,286040,28621807,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Monroe,"I played this a few months back but saw that it was on sale. I thought it was worth it at $10, it's very much worth it for $1. It's not very creative, basically a Dead Space type storyline but the guns were fun, the environments creepy and one of the best zombie games I've played. I suggest it. I also liked that you could power up your character by doing non-campaign missions."
,Recommended,286040,27716843,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,THE D,Good game.
,Recommended,286040,27908034,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,skybirdthing,"This game is well.... ok. Its an amazing game for the price, but isn't a ground breaking game either. I'll try and list some pros and cons of my experience.Pros:The graphics are very nice for a low priceKilling zombies on a budget. This game is great to just hop into complete a level and kill some zombies.Lots of different weapons to unlock which creates replayability.Good voice actingGood story through tablets scattered around the map.Lots of little areas that you can go in for extra money and zombie killingCons:You can't jumpWhen you don't sprint movement is unbearably slow.Gets repetitive very quickly. Killing zombies is fun for a timeTLDRThis game is good for the price, its fun to jump in and kill some zombies but gets old easily."
76561198036368198,Recommended,286040,31984775,Posted: 26 May,all,Lord Rutsah,"The voice acting is plain awful and some design choices are questionable, but in general it's a really fun game. Definitely worth buying, especially if you liked Doom 3."
76561198149901369,Recommended,286040,32466011,Posted: 16 June,all,LaggyMcLaggy,You liek Dead Space? You like Mass Effect? Well Dead Effect is neither of those games. Its just a fun game were you clear up a couple of rooms and that the end. There are quite a few guns and teh zombies do vary. Its quite fun to just walk around finding all the loot and just killing zombies.
76561198104047764,Recommended,286040,32482602,Posted: 16 June,all,Trentress,its a good game if you like horror shooter games  and blasting zombies to hell but i wish it was multiplayer but its alot of fun if you like games like this you should buy it
76561198107950580,Not Recommended,286040,26749793,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BlyatMan,Killing floor & Dead Space made baby but it was mentaly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,286040,28738211,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Neros,"got this for 99c on saleFeels a bit like doom, arcade shooter.There's a number of places that could be improved:- enemy AI are pretty dumb, some of this is on purpose to allow the combat to actualy be possible in tight spaces, but other times its bad- weapons are completely inbalanced (shotgun ftw), and once you upgrade one weapon to full theres no reason to swap to a new one with no upgrades- ammo is everywhere- orbs are pointless- maps are repetetive and uninterestingdespite these issues it was still fun and worth my dollar."
,Recommended,286040,28886580,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,~Kevin~,"Bought it on sale for a dollar, and felt I got my moneys worth.  The character can not jump, keep running out of ammo, have to go for headshots to conserve ammo, game feels scripted, as in go here and do this or that.With some work this could of been a Doom quality game.  As it stands, the game feels like a cheap version on Quake 4.If you want to spend a few dollars on a first person shooter, get serious Sam."
76561198062557841,Not Recommended,286040,29121600,Posted: 8 January,all,Flubber nubber™,i played this game thinking ot was going to be a very interesting and fun game it looked very fun and exciting but i was given a boring and un fun un interesting and un exciting game that wanted to be dead space so bad but without scary monters you had boring zombies with the occasional zombie that was stonger than others and one of ther worst things in this game in my opinon is that you have to buy back with money you find and if you run out you have to start over this was very frustrating to me i do not like this game but i am not saying to not buy this is my opinion if you like this game good for you but i did not have fun if you want a good space zombie game just buy dead space more fun
76561197987760985,Recommended,286040,29135694,Posted: 8 January,all,sammael,"can't jump or climb or melee - cramped fighting arenas with too many zombies, no way to use tactics - hints are nonexistentfor five bucks surebut that is about it"
,Recommended,286040,31624181,Posted: 8 May,all,mogs here fuckers,enjoying love zombie games
76561239819683313,Recommended,286040,31298456,Posted: 22 April,all,Sam,Mass Effect and Dead Effect CombinationNice GameRecommend For those who like little scary game or those who are mobile gamers
,Recommended,286040,22245083,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jake from state farms Sand?,"This game is very fun. It has a weird and short story, but is an ok story. There are not a ton of weapons to chose from but enough. The other game modes are fun also. Im not sure if it is worth $4.99 but if it is on sale for cheaper then grt this game. Overall it is very fun and challenging and I would get it if you want a new Zombie FPS."
,Recommended,286040,31638767,Posted: 8 May,all,Macchute,"It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of doom 3. but it was good for killing time, and zombies."
,Recommended,286040,31675171,Posted: 10 May,all,meh,"It's like old school doom/quake got updated.This game looks beautiful, lens flares and all. Not demanding for a 2560x1080 res. I run an AMD R9 280 and it automatically locked fps at 60. So far, it seems to all be taking place inside a space ship. Therefore I imagine it will get boring after some time.Better than killing floor IMO, tho in killing floor when you are able to find a team, it's nice....despite the bad quality."
76561198061676986,Recommended,286040,31913044,Posted: 22 May,all,AraFin,Played it as single player and as co-op .. what an amazing game!!!!
76561197996368907,Recommended,286040,20578594,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tec7,"This is game so bad it is good. Gameplay is so unfluid and wonky it is actually charming in a way.And the story? The story is so bad, simple, predictable and video game steriotypical,that i actually found in quit enjoyable and amusing.you dont buy this game for a game 'game' , you buy it for the odd form of entertaining.If you laugh at ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Arnold Schwarzenegger parodies, you just might like this 'game'7 of 10 experience"
,Recommended,286040,32003765,Posted: 27 May,all,Bloodwolf the Fox,"If you want a cheap, fun little game to slaughter some zombies, buy it! It´s just 5$ for hours of fun and you often get it even cheaper. Runs perfectly on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop."
,Not Recommended,286040,34010302,Posted: 4 August,all,JalalGurbanov,"Oh boy, where the I have to start?! I got it on sale but it still doesn't worth that money.- It is like Dead Space and Dead Trigger had sex and this one borned. But unfortunetly that was an incest sex so this one is crap.- Terrible voice acting (Because of bad audio balance, you can't even hear voices)- Cringe AI animations- All enemies are reskinned enemies of Dead Trigger- It is a mobile port- From beginning to the end, you just do 2 things : Shoot this guy and Press ""e""- One of the worst boss fights (with crappy QTE)- There is a Auto-Heal toggle in options but you can't enable it. You have to buy it with in-game currencyand etc.After all of this, if you gonna still buy it, dont wait to much from it"
76561198087313362,Recommended,286040,35460653,Posted: 3 October,all,john_ergine,"Dead Effect is a mobile FPS ported to Windows. The game is full of little glitches and it is in many ways unfinished. It's like it hasn't been beta-tested at all.The quality of the graphics and audio are OK. (Audio level adjustment didn't seem to work however.)Gamepad isn't fully supported. This means that most in game menus and dialog screens work only with a mouse pointer. The aim movement is not accelerated on a gamepad. This makes the whole thing feel like you're moving underwater. Button prompts are also only for mouse and keyboard.Still, somehow it manages to be playable, even momentarily enjoyable.For 99 cents its a buy. Otherwise, stay away."
,Recommended,286040,35485750,Posted: 4 October,all,HAZZARD,"I really, really, really like this game. I used to play the mobile version constantly. I'll tell you what I like and don't like.-Graphics are actually really good for a port of a older indie mobile game.-Took away the more pay to unlock structure and made weapons cost less than in the mobile version and you earn more in game currency than in the mobile version.-Really bad and cheesy voice acting = much more fun and enjoyable experience.-Good controls .-There are some guns I really like.-Guns (MOSTLY) feel punchy and weighty enough. The sounds for them are mostly good.-Pretty good optimization.-Enjoyable single player thats good and short enough for quick playthroughs but not long enough to distract from the main focus of the game (Survival Modes).-Good (but mostly generic) zombie designs.-The blood and gore splatters and effetcs are MUCH better than the mobile versions. Looks a little unclear especially at a distance but overall very good.What I didn't like:-Mostly uninspired level desing for both the story mode and survival missions (Although good for a mobile game and its not bad).-No online of any form-Some weapons have really bad iron sights.-Not enough weapons or added content for a ""upgraded"" PC port.Overall its a VERY good port and a good game with a couple flaws. It's normally $5 so there is apsolutely no reason not to get it."
