user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,286000,34904916,Posted: 12 September,all,AV Ultima,"Alpha tester since May 2016; just after PAX EAST.Finally, a brilliantly developed RTS designed around the controller. Strip away the need for unnecessary spamming to increase APM and you have Tooth and Tail. To the less experienced RTS player: rejoice! And to the more experienced: also rejoice! Donotlet the lack of mechanical requirements discourage you, behind the simplified exterior is a beautifully crafted and in-depth experience.Instead of having a set loadout of units to build, each player must pick from a list before the game starts to create their ""deck"". Any combination can be chosen, but how well you use your combination is the true test of skill. Neither player can see the other's deck, so knowing which units to choose is based completely on player knowledge and confidence. On top of this, every map is randomly generated on match start. Without the distractions of misplaced APM, you are free to gain information on your opponent and the terrain. With your chosen deck and the map presented by the game, all your gameplay efforts are regulated to reacting to what is in front of you.Quickly reading the map is one of the greatest nuances of the game. With the popularity of perfectly symmetrical maps in most RTS games, we rarely see exciting plays early in the matches, but with Tooth and Tail's system, anything can happen. Sometimes the map generation is not always in your favor, so you must use your experience to overcome any disadvantage.If the gameplay itself has not sold you yet, just take a moment to admire the stunning pixel art and inspiring sound track. And how about that 10+ hour campaign? From a distance, I was intrigued; and as soon as the controller was put in my hand, I fell in love. If you are looking for an RTS experience that does not require APM spam, but exemplifies the need for a strategic mind, pick this game up as soon as you can.Undisputably the best; Good Game, Deadbones. <3"
,Recommended,286000,34939819,Posted: 13 September,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Absolutely remarkable RTS game here.I'm quite blown away by how addicting and funTooth and Tailis. I worried it would be too shallow, and boy I was wrong. Tons of depth here. Now I get why those alpha players could log hundreds of hours.They really did distill the most important aspects of an RTS game into 5-10 minute battles.I really didn't think that could be done without sacrificing strategy.Pros:+Artwork and music are out of this world+The universe just bleeds originality and love+The idea of customizing your crew before you begin battle is brilliant; it totally makes the playing field so much more interesting and gets away from pre-defined factions+I only need the edge of my seat for most battles; it really sucks me in and gets me amped up+Controls couldn't be more intuitive; I've played with both controller and keyboard/mouse and both are fantastic+I like the proc gen levels BUT I do understand there is some fixing to do with campaign mode; as it stands it apparently plays like a game of chance getting those achievements and such+Really,reallyaddicting+I'm not a multiplayer kind of guy, but dang it was fun - I'll certainly be backCons:-While we got rid of the APM barrier, I think we just made a lateral shift; this game still requires quick actions and one wrong move still could ruin a victory for sure (I'm fine with this, but it needs to be stated)This is a must play for RTS fans.Full price seemed steep at first, but now I have no doubt it's worth it."
76561198083420055,Not Recommended,286000,34914597,Posted: 13 September,all,Darkus,"If you are interested in a multiplayer experience, this review will matter little to you.If like me however you were just as curious about the single player aspects you are going to be SEVERELY dissapointed. The Ai goes from either being Albert Einstein to I are Caveman from one map to another. In any map where its 'free for all' you can expect every single enemy to focus you exclusively. Even if they have bases right next to eachother. The Single Player campaign is fun and generally is actually a fair challenge up until you move to the KSR campaign. Then it just sucks. So much of the KSR path requires substantial luck with your initial placement, luck in that the enemy doesn't immedietly find your base (90% of the time they will), and luck with not getting 5+ Turrets literally surrounding your base from the literal start of the game.They had good ideas with the single player. But DO NOT buy this game for the single player or you will be extremely frustrated. Buy the game for the one thing its good for. Player vs Player."
,Recommended,286000,34907177,Posted: 12 September,all,Squids have curves,"Remember Mrs. Brisby from ""The Secret of NIMH""?She has lost an arm and is now leading the October revolution.(It's a refreshing, simple and clean RTS with an interesting campaign story so far by the way, I recommend it.)"
,Recommended,286000,34986936,Posted: 15 September,all,generalpie,"A daring RTS that seems to be making too many simplifications and not enough details. To start, the random nature of the story missions leads to re-rolling missions until you find a more suitable map. One such map, set in a winter area begins to expose a lot of the issues the game doesnt show on the surface. The random generation of maps leads to it becoming ridiculously difficult to get the 'heroic' achievements. Barring you have many various flaws such as defend orders/wait orders spreading a unit far too thin, sniper units immediately stopping if in range of an enemy after you let go of retreat button forcing you to guide them all the way out of combat, ranged units not attacking units on slopes even if theyre visible, barbed wire being very annoying to deal with. While the multiplayer is fun and the inuitive control scheme allows for new-to-RTS players to hop right in, the lack of many basic things such as patrols, halts and others fails to cater to long-time RTS players. As I continued to play the cracks only became wider and massively detracted from the overall package.As a first-time or casual RTS game, yes I'd highly reccomend Tooth and Tail, its incredibly user friendly and portrays an interesting setting with absolutely fantastic music.As a long-time RTS player, the game fails to include many of the inns-and-outs a traditional RTS has and suffers for it. I enjoyed my purchase for the short time I've been with it but it is far too frustrating to reccomend to anyone looking for more than casual play."
76561198039297072,Recommended,286000,35031609,Posted: 17 September,all,andrej,"In a time where good RTS (Real-time-strategie) games are becoming rarer and rarer, i, as a huge RTS-Fan, am very happy to see, that new developer try themself on this ""dieing genre"" and try to create something new.  And after i played the game very intensive in the last days, i think i have now seen enough of the game to make a final statement.The controls of the game are very cool and very unique and i havent seen anything simular in any RTS game so far: While in all other RTS games, you scroll with the mouse over the map, to send your troops or to build your buildings, here you take direct control of a commander, who functions as a mouse cursor in other rts games. This leads to the situation, that your view is fixt and you cant just go from on side to the map to the other with one click to see whats going on their. And with the left and right mouseklick you are sending troops to your current location of your commander to attack enemies. This results in a very basic and simple control of the game: While in the usual RTS-Games like Star Craft 2, a good player has to develop a very high APM (Actions per minute) to compete against others, since the faster you are, the more things you can do, which resulted in the situation, that if you want to become good, you have to learn to move your fingers around your keyboard as fast as a professional pianists, and also older people could never compete with younger people, since they cant reach such high APM`s anymore. In Tooth and Tails, the basic control (you can even play it with a controller without having any penalities) take much of the huge hurdle away that you have to overcome, and the difference of a good player and a bad player is now only the logic, like which units to buy and when to attack where, rather then the micromanagement like it is in the other RTS-Games.The Plot of the game is very unique. In the animal world, food sources are getting lower and lower, and so, the animals did develop an interesting solution to overcome this problem. They become full carnivores, and while they theoreticly could eat vegetables, most of them prefer to starve to death before they would do something so ""uncivilised"" like eating the foog of beats (everything that is not meat) But with this new food-culture, their comes a nother problem. Their are disagreements who should get food...and who should be food. So 4 factions did develop, loosly based on the russian revolution and everyone tries to be the last side alife to feast on the corpses of the fallen enemys.This is the mainplot in the Campain in which you play as every of the 4 faction in their deserate fight to decide the war for them. Each faction has a very interesting lore behind them, (the blue longcoats for example are capitalistic revolutionarys who produce illegaly alcohol to finance their revolution, the red commonfolk are the communists of the animalkingdom, poor, but many animals, that dont want to bear the oppression from the upper class and the Civilised, are the old religios leaders of the land who think that only their religion should decide who should life and who should become food.The missions of the campain are well done, while they begin very easy they become very hard later on and you really have to develop a specific tactic for each mission. Also very well done is the design of the mission. While their are also some ""build your base and destroy every enemy"" missions, their are also many missions where you really have to think from zero, missions in which you have to survive a certain amount of time, or to rescue allys from prisons as quickly as you can. Also their are ""Heroic quests"" that are optimal quest that you can fullfil to get achievements. And while the missions will get very difficult at the end, i have to admit that the heroic quests are some of the hardest challenges i have ever overcome in any videogame, expecially some of the last heroic quests are almost impossible to fullfil if you are not lucky with your map.And here we come to a VERY big negative point of the game (in general, but especially in the campain) Because every map in the game is made by a map generator, it will generate the map on some fixt points (like the enemy will always start with three bases, of their are 5 possible mills that you can conquer in the map etc. but the layout of the map is randomly made. And this leads to the situation, that when you are lucky with the map, and you start at a location that is easy to defend while the enemys location is very open, you will win even the hardest levels with ease, while when the situation is the opposite, then the heroic quest, if not even the mission itself is impossible to win. Because of this the later (harder) missions become very very RNG based, you can have a perfect idea about how to win the map, but if you are not lucky you can play as good as you want, you will not get it. So especially if you want to finish all the heroic quests you need a huge frust toleration and you have to restart the map over and over again, until you finally will get a good map.I understand that creating such an map generator is a very complex and difficult thing to do, but honestly i wish they would just have made balanced hand-made maps in the campain, because their was non RTS game, that i have every played that had sometimes so ridiculous bs maps like Tooth and Tails. But thankfully the developer are aware of the problems and try to fix the issues with the maps in the campain so i think the chances are very good, that in the future the campain will be a more enjoyable experience.With the easy control i was sceptical that the Multiplayer will be to casual, that you didnt improve yourself and it will be more a luck than a skill game. But after i have played the Multiplayer for some time now, i can see that my concerns where unfoundet. You have to improve to get better rankings, their is a huge difference between a beginnger and a good player, and while the skill-gap is of course not as high as in ""real competitve"" games like Star Craft 2 or AoE, it still takes time and practise to become a good player. The matches are all short (between 5-10 minute) that makes them very action intensive but also not to stressfull since you can just join a new game in a few seconds if you have lost, and try a new tactic again.  The only complain that i have, is, that the most games are decidet with only one base, since it is to risky and expensive to expand in the most cases, since the maps are very small and the enemy can reach your base in just a few seconds. And with the low income that the players has to work, many games will have only Tier 1 units (the cheapest but also the weakest) since you are vulnurable for a very long time when you try to build higher tier units, because they need a very long time to recruit. I think the Multiplayer matches would be even more enjoyable if it would be easier to expand to at least two farms, since Tier 2 and Tier 3 units, that need a better economy to really becoming cost efficient, will play a higher role in more games.All in all i have to admit, that i really didnt have so much fun in a game in a very long time. I often say to myself to only play a few games only to play for many hours! The game idea is very good done: it is simple to learn, but hard to master, and while you always have to do something, it managed to never become stressful. And while both the single player campain, as well as the Multiplayer, have a few downsides, the good sites are outweighting the bad sides. The community is very friendly, the developers are very active: Lets say it: I would recommend the game for both RTS-Veterans as well as people who didnt enjoy RTS-Games so far, since it is enjoyable for everyone.""Let the ruling classes tremble at a animal revolution. The Commonfolk have nothing to lose but their tails. They have a world to win.WORKING ANIMALS OF ALL COUNTRIES, UNITE!"""
,Recommended,286000,34910625,Posted: 12 September,all,Doktor Mandrake,"So far this seems like a really great RTS game, with good character along with a very pleasant streamlined RTS experienceCan't say how this fares up for RTS vets, as I always played them casually but for me I like that there's less focus on micro-management of all these different units and more focus on the strategic points, that's not to say this game doesn't have alot of depth but even people who aren't the biggest fans of RTS are sure to find something to love about this game"
,Recommended,286000,34954683,Posted: 14 September,all,Grand Finale,Furry Communism Cannibalism Simulator 10/10 would make more drunk squirrels.
76561197970370861,Not Recommended,286000,34920782,Posted: 13 September,all,Masterhummel,"The game has a great soundtrack and the art style as well as the presentation managed to grab me. The gameplay itself is fine from what i can tell. You control a single unit that acts like a mouse cursor with restraints. It represents the commander of your army. If it dies, you may not interact with the world for a few seconds. This commander builds your buildings which either produce units or food. Units cost food in mainentance as well as production (which happens automaticall every x seconds).Food production buildings deplenish fast and for this reason battles are quick and snappy. So far so good. Where the game failed for me was the AI and ramdom map generation. The latter can produce a mission of varying diffliculty with some of them being impossible. Since there is no restart mission button, you may then either quit to the title screen or search something that can kill you. Not a deal breaker, but annoying.The first problem is far more significant: The AI. The enemy ai commander will move randomly accross the map and build wherever it can. It's units will search the quickest way to your buildings and throw themselves against them. They don't need the commander to move like your troops do, which means the enemy does not play by the same rules. Not only takes this away from the experience when the enemy commander constantly strolls trough your base and dies, but you can also exploit this behavior, making the regular missions quite easy. Allied AI behaves in a similiar way, which can lead to frustrating moments. Though it seems to be more likely to join you when you attack.I really, really want to like this game. But for me, playing the missions became an increasingly dull experience. Completly on the contray to all the other great things the game has to offer. I can imagine the multiplayer being very interesting with human opponents. But i can't reccomend Tooth and Tail for the single player campagne only."
,Recommended,286000,34992105,Posted: 16 September,all,Farstride,"Easy to learn controls makes this a hell of a fun party game, and the depth and breadth of possible tactics makes it a surprisingly deep RTS. Not a lot of games out there that can give you this much for the price of a large pizza. TL;DR - if you're an RTS fan you owe it to yourself to get this game. If you host a lot of kickbacks, splitscreen will pay itself off in dividends for you and your friends.MORE DETAIL:Single player has quirky characters, interesting missions, and a gritty happy-dark theme to it. Having a lot of fun with it so far but haven't yet completed the story because I took a step into multiplayer for a bit and... uhh, never returned yet. If you're a single-player only player: buy it if you're an RTS fan or want to dabble into that field. Otherwise, I'd skip. There are better games out there for the same price that'll give you a better single-player story.Multiplayer on the other hand... is addicting, quick, and most importantly: Wicked fun. This is where the bread and butter of the game kicks in.Maps are randomly generated which means a lot of your scheminghasto include scouting and making up plans on the fly about what terrain you spot. Makes each map feel greatly different since your go-to strategy might not be the best one to take each time, or flat out backfire. Name of the game is adapt or die.On the flip side, you'll eventually run into a map that simply favors your enemy by law of averages. Oddly enough, out of the 5 hours I've played I haven't run into a single one that I'd blame my defeat on the map. I think the map creators designed it well to minimize the chance of an utterly unbalanced map."
76561198117018707,Recommended,286000,34965232,Posted: 14 September,all,Fingo,"I finally just finished the campaign, and might I say, what a great game! Having never played very many RTS games, this one was really easy to get a hang of and figure out right from the start! And with it being such short battles, it made the countless times I failed on some of the campaign levels more tolerable by knowing I could restart without having to spend a lot of time to get back up again. I also loved the story! Having read all of the Redwall books as a child, this game really brought me back, and I could really see the creatures of Redwall doing things like this as well (and for anyone who thought the story was too dark or creepy or anything, Redwall had animals eating eachother AND it was considered a kid's book!) But after I finally finished the story it gave me that kind of feeling of both joy that I did it, and yet sorrow that it's over, when that main theme played after the credits my heart literaly felt like it jumped from the feelings I got from it. I also thought the last level was just epic in general, and it felt really cool deciding everyone's fate, even though I could pretty much guess at what was going to happen, and when it did, I still tried my hardest to stop it! I almost felt like I was each of those characters! The maps may be unfair sometimes, but it's still the commander who wins or loses the battle and I liked the diversity the changing maps brought! I gotta say, this game is one of my favorite games that I've played all year, if not THE favorite game I've played all year!(and this was the first year I found out about the Steam summer sale!). Well this has gone on long enough, I just have to say GET THIS GAME! You will (hopefully) not regret it!"
,Not Recommended,286000,34921861,Posted: 13 September,all,Deadjack,"Tooth and Tail is the perfect example of a MIXED OPINION.(Shame on Steam for this review system)Especially because this game is really unique and lovable. Just think about the idea: blending a Rts focusing on combats with a very Pikmin control on units and this in a colorfull world where cartoon animals just want to kill each others....Very appealing graphics where characters and units have this little thing that makes them unforgetable. The game runs perfectly wich is damm rare by this times. Game mechanics are easy to pick up. The campaign starts really well.And then it's a disaster. Mainly in solo/campaign and a bit less in multiplayer and this for 2 main reasons:N° 1 - Troop management is horrible:At first sight I was sure the game would offer an option to split your units and this to set defense perimeters or just groups to attack.Logical considering that your character is some kind of Cpt Olimar gathering Pikmins around him and heading to the fight.But it's not !You must select one unit type in order to attack/ defend and then another one.Would be good in the action right ?No because you just can't split them ! When you select some they all follow the order you give !Also  if you want to defend a position you MUST put aside one unit type just for this role !And you bet what is the other option ? Global rally !Max defense or Max attack. And guess what ? You can't set rally points without moving your character....So if you need to keep the pressure with your cannon fodder while you try  to sort the mess somewhere else... your units will just wait around their spawn iddle....Come on !Defending relies only on 1 type of turret and mine or even the gathering ""unit"" who can shoot at the enemy.And units AI won't help, completly dumb, if you are not with them they just run to their death. Even special units suffer of the same problem.Like Kasha the Farmhand. The sniper hero. Who needs you to see further on the map .... as if you where not busy enough she can't retreat by herself and dies most of the time.I wanted a dynamic Rts not a hardcore finger training program where you lead a band of brain dead livestock !!N°2 - Random Maps:Every mission has a Challenge to complete during the campaign.At the beginning it's fair enough.But after a while.... oh god...The map generator becomes a nightmare especially with Challenges. Too many times you have no way to improve but only to prey that the next map will be in your favor.Starting bases are too close when you need to survive or too far when you need to kill a certain amount of enemies with a unit (KASHA I HATE YOU!)Too much trees/rocks/cliffs so you can't find your way fast in timed missions.Starting defense layout that sucks.Water tiles that can heal your units but they too small or too far from the fight... ect... ect...I stop here the list is huge.It just ruins the pleasure to get the best of every missions, making gameplay tedious and disapointing.The word of the end;I didn't pushed that much in multiplayer but frankly i think i will pass until an overhaul of the selection/ organisation of troops(Modification: no actually it's the contrary and I want to play more in MP instead of solo. This games seems to offer a lot on this point. So yeah saying that was totally dumb because i want to love Tooth and Tail ).Because at the moment it's a real pain. And again absolutely horrible in solo mode with the random generation of maps.Almost everything is good in Tooth and Tail but these two features poses a real problem.That's why I don't recommend it .... for now(Modification: Because i must have a full Multiplayer experience. I'm not a professional reviewer something ppl tend to forget. Also I played thhe game with a XBOX controler, as recommended on the store page. The experience might be different with keyboard)"
,Recommended,286000,34948704,Posted: 14 September,all,AwkwardYet?,"Perfect example of easy to learn , hard to master.RTS games are one of my most played genre's and i got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked when i first started playing.If you are looking for a fast and fluid RTS that relies on skill instead of unit spam this is what you are looking for.Single player has some challenging missions and the characters / world are pretty intrestingI would recommend this one to every rts player , casual players and veterans of the genre."
76561198018966876,Recommended,286000,34925736,Posted: 13 September,all,PaintedMutt,"Tooth and Tail is a fantastic RTS, if you play it for the Multiplayer. There is a lot of fun to be had in its clever game design, cruel world and fantastically drawn sprites but if you're here for a single player campaign that lets you really flex your stategic abilites, look elsewhere. I've put most my time into the single player so far, and most of the 'challenge' has come from the AI ignorning rules, Random map lay outs making second playthroughs of a failed mission just as frustrating as the first and to top it all off no selection of your units.The best example I can find is the mission, The Hungry Face a Stiff Wind. In this mission you're attacking a single Mill that is behind lines of barricades, artillary positions and you face a timed wave of 'Winged Demons' that hit your base. Its a lot on your plate sure, but should be managable. However, when the enemy can constantly send waves of hero units at you while ignoring the economy that you're strictly adhered to you quickly become overwhelemed and the winged demons spawn behind your base. So if you run out of ranged units, which hit by a single arty round can kill tons, wave goodbye the mission is done. On top of all this, your main stationary base defense is landmines. LANDMINES to stop mostly aerial units. I ended up beating the mission in under 30 seconds by walking the starting stealth units in and promptly ambushing them.So in short, its a game for the multiplayer where the opponent is forced to play like you do. The AI is either too dumb, or simply ignores the game mechanics to bring challenge. Its a shame, because I'm interested in the story but not enough to base my head against the wall continually until either dumb luck or a cheat tactic is found. Still I recommend the game for its Multiplayer, but don't buy for the story like I did."
76561197993428611,Recommended,286000,35270704,Posted: 28 September,all,wolfpower11,"First of all a little bit about my gaming experience. I played RTS games since about 1997. And yes i played them all (Age of empires, starcraft 1+2, Rise of Nations, Age of Mythology, Company of Heroes, Dawn of War 1+2+3, and so on...).I was never very competitive in these games. Only in Starcraft 2 i played many ladder games in 2v2 until we got to master. But it took us 6! years to reach this level. So i am experienced with RTS games but i am not pro player in any means.So now to Tooth and Tail. It is really a great and very fresh RTS game. At first look i did not like the design choice with animals and the  graphics. But soon after i started playing it turned to the complete opposite.IF you search for:Strategy , fast games, fun, really good units, easy to get in, hard to master,and you like RTS or you wanna try it give this game a choice.Its way better than many of the big titles i played in my years. I can only recommend!!!Buy it, its really worth the 20 bucks!"
,Recommended,286000,34913700,Posted: 12 September,all,Triggered,"If you're an RTS fan you should probably pick this game up (I think it's worth the $20, but if it's ever on sale there's no question). The game is very very simple to learn, but seemingly quite difficult to master. I'm only 3 hours in and I already feel like I got my money's worth. This game mixes the perfect amount of simplicity with actual strategy in short bursts that I think pretty much anyone can enjoy.The game is captivating because it is so simple, yet it's filled with interesting little complexities and synergies that could take dozens of more hours to master. The best part? You hardly have to focus on macro game as your entire base can be built with the click of a button or two... You get to spend more time focusing on strategy and killing your opponent rather than jumping back and forth between all your units and buildings making sure they are all doing exactly what you wanted them to (I'm looking at you Starcraft); it's all very straight forward, making the game much more enjoyable for the average player.The different ""factions"" are really just your preference of hero as you get to select the units you want to bring in prior to each game. All units are available for selection regardless of the hero chosen. I think this is a positive feature as it allows people to really synergize the units instead of just picking the most broken faction. This is also a huge benefit to the devs as well because it means they don't have to spend their time trying to balance different factions and can focus on the game content instead.As far as performance I have not had a single issue other than one minor input issue when trying to play with friends, but we figured out a work-around for the time being and the devs have already recognized the issue and are expected to fix it soon. Very solid for launch day.I can't wait to see more from this game and I sure as heck hope the devs continue to add to this. I could definitely see this being a game I keep coming back to."
76561197984083766,Recommended,286000,34909424,Posted: 12 September,all,CplMcKnight,"Its quick, its hard, its fun and it have one of the best soundtracks of the year!I played mostly multiplayer.Tooth and Tail is a quick RTS where you controll only (!) the leader of your faction. Factions are just colors, no special abillitys or something. You pick 6 out of 20 different units and structures (like turrets) and start the match on a randome generated map. Sometimes the map seeds are a bit unbalanced.You start with a mill and some fields to harvest. These fields can be fully harvested and after that they have no use anymore. You need to expand!Build barracks which spawn units. These units are commanded via your character. You can send the whole army or a single troop genre to your character. If enemy is in range they will attack. Destroy all enemy mills to win!Every round goes around 8 - 12 minutes.Find your favourite units and tactics and destroy your enemys!Ranked is much fun but only stucked to 1v1. You can 2v2, 3v1 and FFA games in unranked lobbys.Its definetly worth its money. See you on the battlefield!"
76561198012359626,Recommended,286000,34913168,Posted: 12 September,all,Sasha de Sol,"There is far too much to say about this game, and not enough space to share it all.If you're on the fence, it's worth it.If you love strategy games, it's worth it.If you've wanted to try others but couldnt find the flow; this will help.If you love cheery woodland black comedy in the style of Conker's Bad Fur Day; you'll feel at home here.This game is a Bellafide masterpiece; my thanks and love goes out to everyone who had any hand in making it a reality, as well as anyone who shares the love, or spreads the love by showing love to the brilliant artists who poured so much of their own into making sure we could experience this, funny enough, remarkably human story of our distinctly human feats and flaws.A tale as revolutionary as its mechanics; the grace UI, paired with it's painlessly intuitive controls frames so beautifully the gameplay that so savagely scratches that bloody itch at the heart of our shared animal instincts.This is one for the history books, which is where I have a strong hunch the seeds for this experience were planted by the spirits of the tragedy and heroism on display in it's heart and soul.If I could be so bold; please do me a favor, do yourself a favor; enjoy this adventure.Even if you don't play the game, that still stands.Please enjoy this adventure.We're all in it together, you filthy animals~Cheers loves,Claire de Lune"
,Recommended,286000,35007259,Posted: 16 September,all,Lazy Desperado,"What a great game. Where to start? TL;DR at bottom.The Good: It's Animal Farm/Redwall - The Game. Clever story, great simple gameplay, great amounts of strategy, all units available from the start, no pay-to-win stuff, cross platform and splitscreen multiplayer. Being the fastest keyboard masher means very little in this game compared to most RTS games; you get to focus on the fun strategy parts and not on the mechanical stuff. The story is clever and poignant. PvP matches are brief but intense, you only need to dedicate about 5-8 minutes to play a solid match. It plays equally well using a controller or keyboard + mouse. Developers that are listening to the player base. This game came out only a few days ago and they've already rolled out some nerfs to overly difficult story missions based on player feedback.The Bad: RNG. Every single map, whether story missions or PvP is randomly generated, so no two matches or missions will  be the same. Sometimes this works to the extreme in your favor, sometimes it's the extremely bad for you. This makes every single game require different strategies, which can be very fun, but it is possible to feel the the deck keeps getting stacked against you. The counter point to this is that matches are so short, so if you get a difficult map just keep playing and one will fall in your favor. This doesn't mean  it's impossible to win if you get a challenging map, it may just require some quick thinking on your part, but not everyone is going to be a fan of the randomness and you may not be either. Opinions... man. You gotta have 'em.TL;DR: Very fun game, easy gameplay, lots of strategy, controller friendly, crossplatform and splitscreen multiplayer, brief matches, devs that listen, however random map generation will not be for everyone."
76561198117652637,Recommended,286000,34942754,Posted: 13 September,all,De Faux,"All-in-all, a pretty good game. It is, to me, a simpler RTS than something such as, Company of Heroes. You essentially have to capture Mills and spend your food (which is basically your money) to put farms around them, then you defend those and attack your opponents mills. That's the very basic premise of the multiplayer, at least.The campaign does offer matches such as that, but they also offer different takes on the game, like modes where you have to defend merchants without being able to build farms or ""defeat"" the enemy; you just have to keep at least one merchant alive until the timer runs down.The only problem I have with this game is that it seems to have poor lag compensation. Or, perhaps, it has amazing lag compensation. The internet I'm currently on is satellite internet, so it consistently has one second worth of lag. When I try to play an online match, I can get in and play, but it takes me forever to move around--That is, I can move constantly, as in I don't rubberband, but it's much slower than other players. It's basically like I'm moving in slow motion while others are going in real time. I don't have this problem when I play something like Company of Heroes, I just have a slight delay in troops going where I order them, so I can't see myself getting too many hours in this game after I beat the campaign unless that changes.That being said, the majority of people have a stable connection with a low ping, so I could absolutely recommend this game for someone who is looking for a lighter RTS."
76561198101191346,Recommended,286000,35058056,Posted: 18 September,all,Mellow,"From someone who has only played the multiplayer so farPros+ Appealing Units+Fun for begginers to RTS and also fun for people who have experience with RTS's+Fast pasedCons--Not balanced( You'll get ALOT of just people spamming 1 tier units before like 30 seconds into the game)- With the random maps, the map can favor towards 1 player-Fast pased is a pro and con because Tier 3 units sometimes dont even have time to spawn before games over.Overall its fun, i got my money worth but might not might not be for everone."
76561198030554225,Recommended,286000,35101484,Posted: 21 September,all,ArgentumEmperio,"Oh my, where to begin...First of all, I come from a background of having played other RTS games such as Starcraft, Age of Empires, Dawn of War, etc.The complexity in those games are beyond belief in many aspects and I can safely say that Tooth and Tail captures all of these aspects MAGNIFICANTLY!You don't have a very strange control scheme and once you learn how to use it, then you really know how to do all the things you learn in other RTS games except with the WASD-keys, spacebar and mouse or if you prefer, a controller.The game is set in a fantasy world where animals eat each others to survive with four factions each with their own individual storyline for singleplayer and just there for cosmetics in the multiplayer. You start off with the Longcoats and move onto a wonderfully DARK experience but with such an amazing ending to the story that I dare not tell you what it is, all I will say is this...The campaign can be annoying at times because the randomly generated maps (yes, they are randomly generated for the campaign as well not just the multiplayer) can make certain objectives easier or more difficult. However, it was still a satisfying campaign with such an amazing end to it that I can safely recommend the game for that reason alone - albeit I would recommend it on a sale at that point since 5 hours of annoying-to-stellar of a campaign may not be worth 20€.However if you are interested in the multiplayer, I can wholeheartedly recommend it for that as well!The maps are randomly generated so each match will be unique and you'll learn very quickly that you NEED to actually think ""How can my opponent assault my base"" as you may have a cliff overlooking you putting you in a strategic disadvantage, but you could always secure up that and then you are safe from that.It has the classic problem of ""I lost due to randomness"" when in reality, you can do A LOT to hinder such disadvantages (such as the one I just spoke of) if you scout properly and think ahead of what your opponent is going to do.Summary:Tooth and Tail's campaign is a mixed bag of feelings but the ending is SPECTACULAR! The heroic objectives that provide you with Steam Achivements are also neat puzzles or alternative challenges that might make the campaign even MORE enjoyable.You can play against the AI in a skirmish match and its usually quite satisfying as long as you play against an approriate difficulty on the AI. Yes the higher difficulty AIs do cheat but... that's the life of RTS AIs unfortunately but it doesn't make it any less rewarding to beat 'em into a pulp and experiment with different strategies.The multiplayer is amazing; it has an active playerbase, it allows you to set up custom games against friends and folks over the internent and it also has ranked play that has a lot of players actively playing it. With the randomly generated maps it takes the strategy and rather than you coming in with perfect knowledge of where to place each individual building you have to adapt and learn the map - a welcomed change to RTS games!I wholeheartedly recommend Tooth and Tail and if you see it on a sale, pick it up for yourself AND a few friends and start to eat each others as one loses and another one wins! ^^"
76561198044816069,Recommended,286000,35259279,Posted: 28 September,all,[DRONV] Kyle Sev,"Tooth and Tail is able to filter out all of the clutter from RTS games like Starcraft while keeping the core gameplay fun and challengeing. Instead of focusing on memorization or macroing the game instead allows players to focus on stratergy, with matchs lasting around 5-15 minutes it is fun for casual fans who just don't have time to spend an hour on a game such as this. Not to mention a challengeing story mode and fun themes, Tooth and Tail is one of the few games I've bought recently where I havn't had buys remorse a few hours later."
76561197981748827,Recommended,286000,35037741,Posted: 17 September,all,Tails,"Just completed the campaign and have yet to play online.The controls are simple, the gameplay is quick, and it's easy to delve in for a quick game or for multiple hours at a time. You control you entire army to rally to you with a left click or RT, or you can select single armies to rally with right click or left trigger. Scroll between units to build their barracks/unit, and a press of a button to demolish. Very simple. I began using a mouse and keyboard, but in the end I opted for a PS4 controller. Not sure what I'm missing out on that way, but it's perfect for me. We'll see once I start playing online.The different leaders don't have much different other than their appearance, music, and voices, but they each have their own charm. Except for the civilized leader. I don't like him. >:(The music is fantastic and captures the atmosphere of the game well. I don't see myself turning it off anytime soon, if at all. Check it out on youtube, or buy it if you enjoy it.The campaign itself was a great experience. The story isn't too overbearing for an RTS game, and there's lots of optional dialogue in each factions base to piece together a good story yourself. There's heroic objectives to add some extra challenge to each quest, and each is just right in terms of difficulty. The ending of the campaign surprised me in the best possible way, and I recommend everyone to play through it without spoilers. Don't look up any guides for the last mission.The only thing I don't like too much, is the randomly generated maps. Sometimes it's good, and sometimes it's bad. It makes scouting all that more important, but I could see it being an issue online, as you could lose based on the map layout and the advantages it gives each player. Hopefully they release some static maps.I'd also like it if they include more description on each unit somewhere in the game. Like how the skunks increase the radius of their gas if they hit the same tile twice. Stuff like that. I know it's online in a FAQ somewhere, but having it in the client would help new players.Looking forward to playing more! Definitely a recommended buy even at full price."
,Recommended,286000,35011907,Posted: 16 September,all,Mithel_Celestia,"An easy to pick up and play RTS with overly simplified controls. But despite the ease of learning, it still has enough depth to allow for strategic matches that never bore due to the procedurally-generated maps each match. This tests your abilities to adapt and micromanage economy and troops like any RTS all without overwhelming you with excess controls.For those who want to get their hands into RTS but are too intimidated by the overwhelming controls of traditional RTS, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,286000,34998514,Posted: 16 September,all,Sovee,"This is a lite RTS with with boatloads of flavor, and way more depth than intuition would lead you to believe at first. Importantly, the element most ""stripped down"" from traditional RTS is actually a key improvement--notably, the ability to command your units is dependent on an in-game avatar that can give three commands --- ""attack at my location"", ""retreat to my location"", and ""focus fire the target at my location"". Rather than dumbing down the strategy, this change actually still maintins the importance of micro-ing units while drammatically lowering the APM needed to play the game at a high level.Game has online versus (ranked matchmaking and unranked lobbies), offline versus (both against bots and players), and a great, challenge campaigning that absolutely will give players of any level of RTS experience a considerable challenge.Perhaps most contentious element of this game is the use of random map generation for matches ---single player, ranked versus and unranked versus alike. Personally I quite like this feature, the map generation prioritizes interesting terrain features that naturally create locations of great strategic interest and ensures every match feels fundamentally different from each other.Absolutely the most fun I've had playing RTS in years."
,Recommended,286000,34955752,Posted: 14 September,all,Grump De Gromp,"Absolute Gem of a GameThis game is cute, beautiful and best of all fun for all ages and skill levelsIt's campaign is a lot of fun with you being the Longcoats who in my opinion are like Russian Revolutionaries such as Lenin ;3 the game itself is simple yet complex with the variety of units, the game is great for when you want to play a game but don't have much time. Since the game is able to be played in 10mins offline and doesn't need a lot of mico makes it great for just before work and just before bed ;3The game is definitly solid If you like RTS games it's a no brainer well made, simple fun game."
,Recommended,286000,34947504,Posted: 14 September,all,Bureaucrat Bread,"TL:DR? Excellent game for both newcomers to the RTS genre and those already experienced. Love the story, aesthetic and music. Just watch out for the weird map generation in some cases.Throwing in my two cents here, Tooth and Tail is a great RTS for people who may have played RTS's before and not enjoyed the more competitive side to it.First of all, the aesthetic, story and music are all great. The developers really succeeded in making a convincing world, I felt compelled to finish the campaign to see what the outcome would be and was genuinely rooting for some of the factions to come out on top. It has a consistent mood and tone, especially seen in the unit artwork. The gameplay also compliments this nicely, rallying your revolution underneath a (red/blue/green/yellow) banner feels great.However, the main meat of the game is in how the game developers managed to simplify the RTS genre. Rather than being a floating omniscient being, you are given a physical commander who you control with the WASD keys (or a controller if you're some sort of scrub). Controlling your hordes of rabid revolutionaries is easy, as is building economy and other standard parts of the RTS genre. Combine this with matches that are typically much shorter than the usual RTS game, typically 5-15 minutes max, and Pocketwatch games have created a formula for a much more accessible RTS.This does not mean you should mistake Tooth and Tail for being an 'easy' game. Tooth and Tail has a TON of hidden depth to it, just as much as many other more complex RTS's do. Army composition, positioning, economy and how you utilise the various parts of your army all come into effect. Micromanaging can be just as important. Yet this hidden depth is so much easier to access because of the simpler control scheme.Now, this game is by far from being perfect and I have a few niggles with it. Mainly, the procedurally generated maps. This can be both a negative and a positive. Most obviously, it gives the game a huge amount of variety and keeps things from feeling stagnant but BY GOD it does not work for some of the singleplayer missions. Trying to complete the missions alongside the optional 'heroic' objectives feels like it only requires luck in regards to placement of your base, their base and the objectives. In mulitplayer it can also create massively asymmetrical maps where your opponent has the obvious advantage. (I've yet to be this lucky).This can lead to what feels like an unnatural difficulty curve in the singleplayer campaign. I wasn't having much trouble with the missions until there was a weird spike in the second chapter and then a more consistent bum♥♥♥♥ing in the third chapter. I just wish there was some consistent maps for some of the missions.My other compliant is that whilst I enjoyed the story, a lack of cutscenes and 'proper' voice acting made the transition between factions feel jarring. I've spent 5-10 missions fighting one faction and am now expected to play as them and side with them? What happened to the other factions? Did they achieve what they wanted to achieve? However, this is mainly because that opening cutscene IS ♥♥♥♥ING FANTASTIC. More of  that please.Other than that, I thoroughly recommend this game. Have a Bread seal of approval, well done devs."
76561197990517164,Recommended,286000,34943539,Posted: 13 September,all,PolyOne,"I thoroughly enjoyed this one. It's a small but well made product that'll keep you occupied for a weekend or two.++ Very simple controls and straight forward gameplay+ Oooozing with style and character.+ Nonsensical, weird and charming story segments.+ Great fun playing casually vs friends+ Works well with both gamepad and Keyboard/mouse- Lacks lasting appeal. I don't see myself picking this up in half a year unless they expand it in some manner.- A tad short on the single player front - I burned through the whole story in a single evening"
,Not Recommended,286000,34943923,Posted: 14 September,all,Endyo,"It's rare to get new RTS games these days and even rarer to get one that tries something new and different.  Tooth and Tail manages to be a game that has mainstream appeal while also stripping down much of the mechanical complexity that has been deeply ingrained within the real time strategy genre.  Yet, while it expands on what has historically been a very rigid genre, it suffers in key areas due to some of these unique design choices.One is the most disappointing numberAs with any new game, I jumped in to Tooth and Tail's single player story mode before looking at much else.  It was appealing at first, especially with the Soviet Union-inspired aesthetic and story telling as well as the odd anthropomorphic animal characters living in this endless war over the freedom and, most importantly, food of the land.  The mission hub areas are dense with bits of the story and inspire the player to try and figure out what may or may not be going on behind the scenes with every creature's hunger for meat and desire to not be turned in to it.   However, it didn't take long before things started falling apart.The first time I really found myself disappointed with the game was a mission that required me to go around finding and freeing a bunch of captured allies.  The problem (in this particular case) wasn't the  goal of the mission itself, but the fact that, since each map is procedurally generated, it can create some exceptionally bad designs that require you to find your way around some ridiculous obstacles.  Since this mission required you to scour the map for several of these small prisons, you essentially have to find every single tiny hidden route.  As you can see in this screenshot, it took me somewhere between 5-10 minutes of running circles on the map to find the last camp hiding behind a one-unit wide gap between trees and rocks.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1134178547Sadly, this wasn't the last time I had a significant issue with map and mechanical design.  As the game progresses, they move away from the standard 'destroy the enemy base' design and the objectives, map design, mission mechanics, and AI capabilities start heavily conflicting with one another.  There will be instances where you will lose a mission several times because you had a poor roll of the procedural dice on that particular map and it made objectives extremely difficult.  Other times you'll be required to abandon the normal play of the game to do things that seem wholly different from core game elements.  You'll be doing things like collecting boxes of resources to spawn your army while somehow avoiding killing the units that generate these resources despite them attacking you on sight – and somehow avoiding them entirely if the map happens to put them directly between you and your real enemy.  One of the most frustrating situations is when your opponent seemingly has no requirement for resources and can also place spawning buildings in nearly any spot regardless of their commander even existing.  While you're held down by normal restrictions of the game, you have to essentially battle an AI that can do whatever it wants.  This leads to missions you lose in ways that do not at all seem fair.Trying to claw its way out of the pitThe multiplayer of Tooth and Tail is an entirely different story.  Whether you're playing ranked, unranked, or local multiplayer, you're finally completely out of the realm of strange game-breaking rules and uneven balance, and the procedural maps no longer play as big of a role in whether you win or lose.  You start out able to pick six types of units/buildings from the full assortment in the game and you'll only be able to use those selected to try and defeat your opponent.  Then you run around building up mills for resources and collecting your army for what usually ends up being a raucous melee of crazy animals duking it out the way nature intended.  Matches are generally short, I believe I finished all of the ones I played in under 10 minutes, and it makes it that much easier to want to play more of it – even if you suck.  The only issue is, of course, that this is an Indie game and it's exceptionally rare for any Indie game to maintain a strong multiplayer following as the release day fades into the past.Time to pick a side...I really wanted to like this game.  The art style, the environments, the entire visual design was great.  Even the soundtrack is mostly appealing.   There's a general sense of quality in many pieces of the game.  Yet when I play the story mode, I feel like one group of people designed a really cool game that has core mechanics that function exceptionally well, but an entirely different group of people were left with the task of trying to make a diverse single player experience that ended up all over the place and went hard against the grain of the other group.  That's most likely not the case, but when it seems like that, there's obviously an issue.  If I could assure everyone for all time that the multiplayer would be populated, I'd probably be more on the side of recommending this game.  With the value provided via the $20 price tag, it's almost worth it for that alone, but Tooth and Tail really falls apart as a single player game and I can't look past that.  I understand that the developers may be able to go back and try to make the single player more approachable, but for me to really enjoy it there will need to be some changes all the way down to the central design of many missions and the entire procedural map design component.  Without that, I can't recommend this game.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EndyoGaming#curation"
,Recommended,286000,34911294,Posted: 12 September,all,Apache Attack Helicopter,"A Game i supported since August 10th. With only 3.6 Hours on record i can already tell this game is Excellent. The gameplay, soundtrack, and overall quality great. The Dark humor, the graphics, and theme all fit together. i spent two months on the pocketwatch discord with high hopes for the game, and i wasnt let down. i highly anticipate whatever next game pocketwatch makes. now i all i have to do is get into the elite ranks. (And fix my trash internet)."
,Not Recommended,286000,34940858,Posted: 13 September,all,Captain Chill Pill,"The presentation and macabre world are pretty damned good, but I found the single player missions, especially the ones where you cannot build units, to be hampered by the randomly generated terrain. Without a map designed by somebody, you just end up with a muddy feeling mish-mosh of easily identifiable elements. This also means that in a given map, you probably will have nothing in the way of natural defenses, and most of the missions I played did not feature any defensive turrets.Your economy feels slow to get going, and that generally means that it feels like the AI swarms you with units, destroys your army and your economy, and then does it again before you can rebuild. Then you restart, and roll the dice for a map that gives you some more advantages.Compounding the difficulty of building and maintaining an army, the control scheme is imprecise and fiddly. The command for ""retreat"" and ""focus this enemy"" are the same. You can’t have two armies made up of an assortment of units; you can only control all of one unit type at a time. Half of the units I used seem to die in one or two hits, and basic maneuvers like kiting or dodging artillery fire are essentially impossible. The game amounts to ""attack-moving"" en mass to wherever and then hoping that your army is not overrun."
76561198260384709,Recommended,286000,34948655,Posted: 14 September,all,torusque.credence,"Tooth and Tail is everything I hoped it would be without completely being everything that I expected it to be. Having played more involved RTS games like Empire: Total War, I was a bit worried at first about how simple the controls are - you really only have four or five basic commands to use throughout the whole game, but it actually works out really well, since you are commanding your army as a single unit on-screen, hurrying everywhere to get things done. That said, this game is more on the fast-paced side so once you get beyond the basics you have to make split-second decisions and strike an effective balance between gathering your resources and producing troops in a given match.This game does also supply two things that are often skimped-on or altogether tossed out in a lot of other RTS games; those two things being story and atmosphere. I was expecting a fairly care-free but interesting basic story around which the game's singleplayer campaign would revolve, but even with the intro video aside, it's surprisingly full (but not overdone) of progressing storyline and legitimately dark humor, and I love it. You progress through the story by playing as each of the four lead characters in their respective locations throughout the narrative, and you can strike up a short conversation with other characters to start a mission, learn a little more of the lore, or find some great easter eggs.That brings me to the atmosphere aspect, which is immediately apparent the moment you start the campaign (if not as soon as you hit the main menu). The music and artwork are excellent, and it all gets brought together by the noisy, often guttoral chatter of characters throughout each area, in and out of battle. Audibly, they speak a ""simlish"" Russian-sounding language - which may or may not be actual Russian because obvously I haven't studied it. As such though, everyone generally communicates with text boxes in English. My only complaint in that regard is that Bellafide wouldn't shut up with random babbling during the first few bits of the game, which was a negligible annoyance.The single-player campaign thus far has been a little mixed in difficulty throughout each level, which some have complained about, but variation is one of the stronger points of this title in my opinion. It's good to have easy scenarios to break up the scenarios that you almost start to hate until you finally find the solution to it. All battlefields are randomly generated in each fight, so if you're caught in a bad spot you might have a better chance during another try (or not, which makes it tantalizingly fun even when you think you might have hit a brick wall).Multiplayer makes things even more interesting, because the number of unit combinations you can use are substantially greater than in the campaign (as far as I've gone through it so far), and by proxy the strategies you might have used in campaign mode may have to be turned on their head in order to beat your opponent, who has units from one faction or even all four factions.If you're someone who thinks animal characters are just for kids or for furries - you'll probably come around eventually if you try it: it's not about initiating you into any sort of fandom or social status, or whatever ill-at-ease feeling that the concept may give you. Even as an anthropomorphic artist I really wouldn't count myself as a member of any of that either, so I understand the sentiment. Don't let it cut you off from the good stuff, because this is the good stuff."
76561198023183895,Recommended,286000,34962967,Posted: 14 September,all,Accipiter Chalybs,Played the multiplayer a bit and gone through most of the single player. Multiplayer is pretty fun with trying out new combinations of units to do new strategies. Single player starts off waaay to easy but then gets to pretty hard difficulty - some of the later missions sometimes feel cheap but feel good when you pull off a win.
,Recommended,286000,34919212,Posted: 13 September,all,[U.M.B] ScrotieMcBoogerballs,"I will start my review commenting on what others have been saying. I think a lot of the negative reviews i've seen are fairly out of place. So far I have played four games on launch day no connection problems and another five games today with one having a spot of lag on the other person's end every now and then, so sorry if you have been having poor server quality but that has not been my experience at all.The campaign doesn't need co-op but i suppose it would be a nice feature, tbh i'm just glad they made such an in depth campaign to begin with and would like to see a lot of the elements in the campaign carried over to multiplayer games as mutators or custom scenarios for friends to play, this could def be expanded on and hopefully will be (like give a game mode where your farms don't expire that would be so fun every now and then!).Having said all of this the one point I will agree with in the negative reviews is this game should have the ability to invite friends to join your game, that's just silly to not include that on launch. For now you're going to have to play with your friends the old fashioned way and have them over and bust out a few controllers and get that split screen action going (this was one of the big selling points for me as a buyer!).At the end of the day Tooth and Tail is awesome. It has a few features that would be really nice to see (even some more units just give me mooooore!!!!) but aside from that I would say this is one of those really well done indie games that deserves the time and effort to be mastered!Also devs if you're reading this I was sold on your games concept about a year or two ago when I saw my buddy playing at Pax East so good job on getting your game out there and taking the time to make it awesome!"
76561198032358510,Recommended,286000,35050803,Posted: 18 September,all,Blite,"This game is fantastic for both RTS veterans and newcomers alike. The game advertises being playable on a both keyboard/mouse AND controller (which it absolutely is) and somehow still manages to maintain a satisfying amount of depth and complexity.The game focuses around 1v1 for the more competitive players but also supports 2v2, 3v3, 4v4 and the combinations between; it also has a great campaign mode for players who like RTS without the PvP competition.The art is beautiful and the soundtrack is thematically on point. There's also great attention to detail like seeing the reflection of the moon in the water at night.I highly recommend this game to anyone on the fence about it. $20 is easily a fair price for a gem of a strategy game that seems to have come out of nowhere."
76561198027362452,Recommended,286000,35052842,Posted: 18 September,all,lostcody,"The Campaign is fantastic,always switching up rule sets and objecives while tellling an intresting and unique story with a fantastic ending.The music is amazing to listen to with different tracks for each of the 4 factions.The art style fits really nicely with the story and theme of the game.The gameplay is easy to get into and while it might not be as deep as starcraft on the micro,it's just as rewarding to understand build orders,balancing eco and army,scouting,and reacting to your opponent.Easy to get ahold of and easy to start progressing into better understand of the mechanics.If you like rts games or been on the fence about getting into one,i can't recommend this game enough.Well worth the price it's asking of $20.-Amazing story campaign-great artstyle-fantastic music-fun and addictng gameplay"
,Recommended,286000,34942681,Posted: 13 September,all,Raccoon Thing,Vore. Vore never changes.
,Recommended,286000,34951490,Posted: 14 September,all,Fight Milk,After 5 hours in this game I have learned that furry culture is dark af
,Recommended,286000,35245519,Posted: 27 September,all,Big Lincoln,"This game is so effing neat. That's the most important thing I have to say about it.So many great features, including the ability to play split screen with a friend against one or two AI controlled opponents! What a good effing time!! The units are very gruesome but charming at the same time. I love all of the hero units, there's the perfect amount of description to make the game feel very alive.I do recommend!"
,Recommended,286000,34914875,Posted: 13 September,all,Iris,"As an RTS vet I'm absolutely adoring this game so far, I'll write an actual review when I've finished the game.Placeholder TL;DR:A group of LARPing furries compete among themselves on who can violate the geneva convention the most."
,Recommended,286000,35057509,Posted: 18 September,all,insanejester,"Tooth and Tail. One of the best games I've played all year. Hear all the complaints about Singleplayer all you want but Online is where its at with procedurally generated maps that force you to adapt to them. The pixel art is extreamly pleasing to look at and the soundtrack ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. I mean seriously it is ♥♥♥♥ing great. All in all, if you want a nice RTS game that's aesthetically pleasing, plays smoothly on both controllers and keyboards, has a rockin soundtrack, and has game mechanics that puts skill over cheap tactics then get this."
,Recommended,286000,34943577,Posted: 13 September,all,Valkascrooble,"For once an RTS I enjoy, the asymetrical randomly gen'd maps are really cool, and though it can be a little unfair at times, it makes for a more realistic battle scenario where you have to use crafty tactics and be the underdog in some cases, amazing feeling. You also command your units as a literal commander, and if you die they'll just think autonomously and do their own thing until you're alive to issue commands again. Wars of attrition are especially apparent in this game too, it's lovely. If you're looking for a more quirky RTS, this is for you."
,Recommended,286000,34925431,Posted: 13 September,all,GloriousGilmore,"A unique and captivating RTS game that boils the genre down into it's most core elements and basic concepts, and packages them into tight, fast paced and fun 5-15 minute showdown. With random map generation and customization unit load outs, no 2 matches quite play out the same way, and players are rewarded for execution of the core principles of RTS games: Scouting & Information, Effective Resource Management, and Reacting to your Opponent/Map.Instead of keybinding tons of different unit groups and constantly pinging around a huge map, the camera is locked onto your factions ""Leader"" who takes care of everything from scouting, building placement, troop micromanagement, and even bullet sponging. This smart approach to an RTS allows the game to be played deftly with a controller, and helps to ease the intense micromanagement of other RTS games like Starcraft. The games system of Call Army vs Call Unit still allows play to micromanage their units in a more simple way that still allows for deep strategy.Instead of factions with different unique troops and building, all factions share (currently) a pool of 20 ""Cards"" to select 6 from, which include tier 1, 2, 3 units and buildings. This makes it so you never know quite what to expect from your opponent, and makes scouting and information one of the most important elements of the game.I look forward to dumping potentially hundreds of hours into this game, as this finally seems to fill my love of RTS games without requiring me to be South Korean."
76561198074381521,Recommended,286000,35170255,Posted: 23 September,all,Hoarthax,"Tooth and Tail (or as I've been mistakenly calling it; Tooth and Nail) is a good game.It has a wonderful art style with colourful, well-crafted pixel characters. Its sounds and music add to the Russian Revolution setting; and most importantly it is a thought-out RTS with interesting gameplay. Although it may never reach the depths of complexity with its single mouse targeting system; preventing you from maliciously managing micro and macro, it is still complex enough to satisfy most hard-core RTS gamers. It is not only a good introduction to the RTS genre, but also another chapter to be enjoyed by beginners and pros alike."
76561198080312473,Recommended,286000,35004624,Posted: 16 September,all,Krusader,"An enjoyable title with an intruiging world, of which I'd like to see more from in the future. The story is suprisingly captivating and each faction has their own ideals they fight for. No spoilers but I didn't really enjoy the ending I found it...frustrating. The game did suffer from over gimmiky missions that lead to a lot of frustration. I would have prefered more missions that were more like the skirmish mode as that seems to be where half of the appeal of the game comes from. but building your own army to suit your playstyle is fun like building a deck of cards. All in all if you want a RTS that is very fire and forget with a great deal of randomization in the maps with an awesome art style and a captavating world with wars fought for reasons almost entirly unlike anything fought for in our own then this title is most certinly for you."
,Recommended,286000,34927956,Posted: 13 September,all,Chalis,It is suprisingly fun. Fast paced RTS games. Watching drunk squirrels shoot at birds is always amusing.
,Recommended,286000,34912358,Posted: 12 September,all,4th,"Surprisingly fun strategy game that is kind of a mix of a tower defense game and an RTS like Age of Empires.If you're looking for a new strategy game to learn this might be for you.Unfortunately, as an Australian I couldn't find an online game but that's probably because the game was just released and people are still playing the campaign.One thing I didn't like about the game is that your resource gathering isn't exponential. You can't take over every garrison and build 8 farms, once you get to your third garrison your farms from your first one start to die meaning your resource gaining is capped rather early in the game and as someone who really enjoyed the insane resource gathering you can get at the end of games like Age of Empires 2 this was pretty disappointing to me.That's probably my only gripe with the game though. It's a beautiful game with well made music that fits. The story is nice too, without spoiling much I'll say it's about animals deciding they want to eat meat and they all start eating animals from other factions.I personally think it's a great game, I'm not sure yet if it's worth 20USD but from what I've seen so far I'd say 20 isn't that much of a stretch. Like I said, if you're looking for a new strategy game to try, this might be it."
,Recommended,286000,34908320,Posted: 12 September,all,_-FaTE-_,"An amazingly simplistic RTS that perfectly executed what it set out to do. Amazing for RTS noobs, yet hard enough to master for RTS vets to enjoy too! The amazing artwork, design, atmosphere, plot and soundtrack all help add to my recommendation. Hell, each commander has their own individual soundtrack. Seriously worth the price."
76561198042298124,Recommended,286000,34908202,Posted: 12 September,all,FFSWolfie5,"This game is fun, it has an interesting story and a beautiful art style. The mechanics are actually really simple, there's only one resource type and several different units for multiple strategies.However, while playing through story mode one might notice random difficulty spikes that don't seem to coincide with story progress. I walked off to talk to a guy in a train car and got thrown into a mission so difficult it made the one I got stuck on seem easy by comparison. The rule sets for each mission are what will get you, and the procedurally generated maps need a few sanity checks.For example, if you get a mission with a ruleset of not being able to produce resources, meaning you can only steal them from boxes on the ground, and you can't build buildings... You're kinda ♥♥♥♥ed when the map spawns all the resources deep in the enemy base and you have to run, unarmed, into their territory to try to steal the stuff. Eveyone is shooting at you, you can't dodge, and by the time you've gathered the sup[plies to build a small guerilla force, they've found your base because lol omnipotent AI that knows where you are at all times dropped six units to kill your defenseless structures while your defenseless leader was trying to steal supplies to recruit a pittance of troops. Wash, rinse, repeat for awhile and the game can go from very fun to so frustrating you run out of new swears to throw at it.The unit AI needs a little work too, some of the supposed ranged units need to face hug in order to use their weapons, which means fragile little turds who need to hide far away to keep themselves safe will literally die fighting barbed wire... In fact it seems like most ranged units seem to forget they can attack from far away any time I target a building.Game is fun, but it needs some work."
,Not Recommended,286000,34938998,Posted: 13 September,all,MikeyTWolf,"Fatal flaws in both singleplayer and multiplayer:Singleplayer has randomly generated maps and harsh objectives, combined to make a luck based experience.Multiplayer has randomly generated maps and rock-paper-scissors picking, bringing two elements of luck to a 1v1The game's only selling point is that it is extremely simplified compared to other games - even traditional RTSes that are already simplified to the point of boredom and repetition."
,Not Recommended,286000,35002993,Posted: 16 September,all,Howlin' Dog,"Didn't engage me, sadly. I was hoping for something along the lines of ""Command & Conquer meets Redwall"" but the gameplay I got was a lot more watered-down and basic and akin to a more dungeon-crawl affair. If this is your kind of thing, then great, and the game does offer some wonderful art direction and an intruiging plot, however if something along the lines of Red Alert/Age of Empires is more your fancy, then you're going to be disappointed. Didn't hook me, sorry.I am aware I should have paid more attention to the product description, just throwing this out there for other people also easily distracted by cute anthropomorphic characters killing each other!"
,Recommended,286000,34912892,Posted: 12 September,all,57 unedited reaction images,"It should be mentioned, right off the bat, that I amnota fan of RTS games. And yet, this game just managed to captivate me with its artstyle, its humor, and its ""easy to learn, hard to master"" gameplay. I can easily give this game a recommendation, although I can advise waiting for a sale if you're on the fence. I'll be honest, it's bare-bones as of now. If you've been following the game for awhile, howeverwell chances are you preordered it a long time agoit's worth the price tag.OverviewThis is, as I just said, a Real Time Strategy game. However, Pocketwatch opted to have the player take a more active approach to commanding an entire legion of ♥♥♥♥massive forest animals. Instead of clicking on units to select them and tell them to go butcherthesepoor unlucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s standing over here, your cursor is an actual character. That is to say, each of the four factions you can play as has a Commander unit, directly controlled by the player. And instead of clicking on units, you rally units to your Commander, who will automatically tell everyone around them to lay down the firepower to turn your enemies into fuzzy little pancakes. Provided you actually have a decent number of people to follow you into battle, of course.How to PlayI'm assuming the majority of people who bought this didn't come to play through some stupid Anton Chekhov novel about a black-humor Russian Revolution spiked with cannibalism (unless you're a ♥♥♥♥ing lunatic, like me), and instead came to this game hoping to jump online and humiliate their opponents by bum-rushing them with ♥♥♥♥ingmoles and drunken squirrelsof all things.The gameplay can be broken down as follows: you and your opponent(s) will start on a randomly-generated map. You each have a Gristmill to your name. Said mill has 8 farms encircling it. These farms are worked by Swine (or Fat Boris, as they have also been referred to in some circles). The Swine will churn out Food, which is your building resource. Food is used in three ways: to expand to a new Gristmill, to place down Warrens/Defenses, and to recruit new units.Now, after about five minutes, your farms will go barren, and will not produce any more Food, at which point, you'll have to start a new farm to keep production going and your army fed (if you don't, you'll starve, resulting in a loss). This, of course, is a problem, because as previously mentioned, your army units have two costs: one to build their ""bunkers"" so to speak, and one toactually♥♥♥♥ing use them. The more bunkers you build, the more units of that type you can bring in, but that also means the more Food you'll spend on recruitment. It's a brilliant way to keep the game flowing.Oh, and your opponents will be very well aware of these rules, and theywillhunt you down with a vengeance that would strike Ghost Rider with awe. Yes, even the A.I. in offline battles. I have no shame in admitting that the Medium difficulty A.I. gave me a run for my money.The StoryI may have just compared this game to a ""stupid Anton Chekhov novel about a black-humor Russian Revolution spiked with cannibalism,"" but I gotta be honest here, I [l]love[/l] the story and the lore behind it.To summarize: the plot kicks off because of the Civilized faction calling for a Harvest. A ""Harvest"" is basically the lottery, except if you win, you don't get money, you get eaten. And the Civilized just so happened to pick the son of wealthy aristocratic boxer, Arroyo Bellafide (or ""Bellafide Arroyo...?"" idk, man, naming conventions aren't made clear at all). Bellafide was, naturally,absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing livida bit upset, so he decided the best course of action was to annihilate the ruling clergy and their militant backers, in order to instate a democracy...andvoteto see who becomes a snack. As one does.I have completed about 50% of the main story, and for all you perfectionists out there, each and every mission out of the 24 available has a ""Heroic"" option that gives you an extra objective to complete. On top of that, you play as each Commander in order (Longcoats -> Commonfolk -> KSR -> Civilized), and between missions you can walk around a central ""hub"" to access each mission and interact with objects to learn little lore bits and game-world trivia (and I am a [i♥♥♥♥♥♥/i] for lore and game-world trivia).I should note two important things: 1) each mission is unique in the fact that it doesn't use multiplayer rules. One mission has you defending dockyards with nothing but Bullet Hives, while another forces you to inch your way forward across a desert because if you don't stay in areas you control, the burning sand tears your health away. On top of that, each mission has preset units you must use for that mission. You cannot pick and choose what you want to bring in. Normally, I wouldn't consider this a problem except if it weren't for...2) The ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty spikes.Once you get to play as the Commonfolk, the gamestopsholding your hand andstartsramping the ♥♥♥♥ up. Hell, three missions in, I was second guessing my chances to succeed at my next objective. And that's also why I'm only 50% done with the main story, because thefirst ♥♥♥♥ing mission you get from the KSRforces you to use only revolver-squirrels, highly innaccurate ferret artillery and skunks shooting canisters of their farts, and barbed wire. And the Heroic objective is to never build any Warrens. ""lmao, you ♥♥♥♥ing skrub, git gud. Why is this a problem?"" you ask me?Because your facist furry♥♥♥♥♥is stuck on a ♥♥♥♥ing icy mountaintop.You and your meatshields willfreezeto death if you aren't in range of your farms. Said farms also only contain 2-3 units of either squirrels, ferrets, or skunks, so it's a double ♥♥♥♥♥ slap in the face of Heroic chasers. Is it impossible? Apparently not, because someone already beat the damn campaign; I saw that thread on the Discussion forum. But sweet spicy black Jesus, I wanted to punch my ♥♥♥♥ing laptop when I lost with 1,953 out of the 2,000 Food I needed to win. ♥♥♥♥, I'mstillsalty.Wrap it Up!Overall, I am pleased with my purchase of this game. Despite its one or two hiccups, I think it's got the potential to sell very well if it gets more exposure. Hell, I predict that in 10-20 years, this'll be a cult classic of sorts. Maybe not as beloved  and well known as say,Grim Fandango, but I bet you my left asscheek there will be people swearing by it like it's the Holy Bible./end wall_of_text"
76561197993672933,Recommended,286000,34912106,Posted: 12 September,all,Nogaxeh,"This is a great little RTS. Short, compact games with a lot going on. Resource (only one resource in this game) are slim pickings, so you really need to manage your casualties well. Multplayer allows you to choose which units you take with you, so you can customise your army and try out different builds, which was a very pleasant surprise.The campaign is also very challenging at times, and the best bit is, the levels are all randomly generated, so if you die, you are playing on a completely different map.Terrain advantage is huge in this, and done extremely well.All in all, one of the more, if not the most, unique RTS out there."
,Recommended,286000,34927001,Posted: 13 September,all,✨ Hatty ✨,"This game so far is a riot. Literally.I mean, its challenging, and the art is great.It's like real time strategy meets tower defense, it wasn't something I originally thought I wanted, but here I am, and I enjoy it!It can be a struggle, but theres never a real game over in story mode, you just go to the level again and can choose to play over or do another. The characters are like an RPG too, so everyone has a chat with you, if you want to talk with them, that is!----PROS:- Great Art & Animation- Nice voice acting and music, it feels authentic for the style its conveying.- Because it's like a tower defense, you protect your 'farm' from baddies, and can either lay down certain enemy types, or call your entire army and stupidly go all in to the enemie's advancements. (Thats what I like to do :P )- Maps randomly generated, even in story mode, so you have no idea whats gonna happen---CONS:I'll update this.I'm only two hours in, I haven't found any really yet.Other than its challenging at times, I haven't played multiplayer yet and story mode seems great, no bugs encountered either so far."
76561198044948975,Recommended,286000,34927724,Posted: 13 September,all,Iquisitor,"My excitement has been justified, this is a wonderful and polished RTS that delivers on its mission. I don't usually enjoy RTSes because of the constant micromanagment, and simple exhaustion from a full match, but T&T perfectly condenses all the excitement and strategy into a short and easy to learn/hard to master format. I highly recommend T&T if you like RTSes, especially if you feel like you should like them, but just can't get into the more complicated ones."
76561198156180785,Recommended,286000,34942354,Posted: 13 September,all,Raidraptor,"French Speaking Mouse, Cute yet Badss Animals fighting for you, Simple Pre-Match Builds and an intresting Story Mode(Though I felt the character building is somewhat dull). This game have many potential for amazing future contents/updates. Though this game would be even better with a reward system of any form, so players will will have an extra incentive and be motivated to play more."
,Recommended,286000,34940066,Posted: 13 September,all,Jimmerzz,"I rarely rate games. I need to say it though. This game is amazing. It really feels fresh and new and the shorter battles and ""lite"" version of rts is perfect! There are some issues with random gen when playing like you can get a situation that you are at a disadvantage. However it keeps the game fresh. It is more than worth the 20 dollars."
,Recommended,286000,35102031,Posted: 21 September,all,Chackle,Plays like nexus wars. Pretty sick
76561198047217078,Recommended,286000,35109747,Posted: 21 September,all,Psychonaut,"Its good. If you think you might enjoy it you will. Its a user friendly RTS where the controls are simplifed allowing you to play with a controller, while retaining depth. Its fun, its got charm, and im probably gonna spend a lot of time playing it. Il see you on the battlefield!"
76561198034552198,Recommended,286000,35113644,Posted: 21 September,all,Nebula,Very fun rts that is fast paced and challenging without being as mechanically demanding as a game like starcraft is
,Recommended,286000,35219386,Posted: 26 September,all,Adepta Sororita,"The Animal Kingdom is in Turmoil, famine rages upon the land and the question stands: who will eat and who will be eaten.Tooth and Tail is a condensed RTS experience that minimizes the dexterity and APM requrements and focuses on critical decision making.You control just your commander, as a unit on the field, that directs it's troops, the gameplay is fact paced and matches are relatively short, wich 10-15 minutes, making it a good entry for a quick MP session.The Story Campaign has 28 missions, wich are, at the moment, pretty challanging, when you are still learning the game, with an estimated playtime of about 10-12 hours.So, if you like RTS, check Tooth and Tail out, it may be adifferent, but ulitmately still familiar and all around great, experience."
76561198014886459,Recommended,286000,34955555,Posted: 14 September,all,Foxbutt,"Please don't listen to the complaints of difficulty or stupidity from people who played the game for about 30 minutes then stopped.If you are a fan of RTS games, this is an incredibly smart, simplied version of games you already know and love. It has all the elements you'd want, sped up and put into controls that are easy to grasp and understand. Matches are fast, fun, and will challenge your moment to moment decision making skills.I'm having a blast, and I will continue to have a blast with this game. Give it a chance if you like RTS games!"
,Recommended,286000,34912526,Posted: 12 September,all,JuicyDog,"Haven't played much yet, but so far so good.The only thing holding back this game will be the playerbase--as its still small, but the campaign seems cool so far (however, so far seems mainly like a tutorial) $20 for this game? Yes please.Don't need every game to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥f2p game.Music is BRILLIANT, as well as the entire game. Art is super creative, and gameplay is simplistic but dynamic with a brilliant take on the RTS genre. Feels like a mix of clash royale (creating a deck of units and pushing), warcraft 2 (creating farms, and the whole entire sound of units and art), and a MOBA (you control a central hero character that controls your units with WASD) .Love seeing a unique game like this come out of no where. Well done."
,Recommended,286000,34955831,Posted: 14 September,all,DeviousJam,Not a massive fan of RTS games but playing this with a friend is one of the most fun experiences i've had in a long time. There needs to be some changes but I have no doubt this game will continue to be updated for the better! The multiplayer is just pure unadulterated fun! Well worth a purchase!!!
76561198077533629,Recommended,286000,35472977,Posted: 4 October,all,foxdevil1,"Flawed? Eh... if I sit down long enough I'll find a flaw anywhere. My internet is bad (and so am I) so take this review from one filthy casual who plays story mode and bots.Story: In short, I like it. Dark, certainly. But full of character. Every interactable thing with in the hubs gives you a little slice of story. Without devulgeing any story up front, I'll just go ahead and say the KSR is my favorite faction, if a smidge misguided... but who isnt?The end made me think for a bit. Funnily enough, minimal amounts of writeing in the from of dialouge were used to set up a big finale, and in the end, the big reveal was done relitivly quietly save for the shooting and explosions in game. No exposistion, they got that over with before the mission... the entire game is dotted with it in fact.It leaves the fate of all beasts heavily alluded to, but very vauge at the same time. Comendable work if I say so. It left just enough room for doubt and head cannon to run rampant.Multiplayer: Well now I can only speak as a comp-stoming casual, but I will say that the computer is not entirely brain dead. If your looking for practice runs to test army builds and the like, I sugest starting at Easy and working your way up. From what I can see, random maps are a mixed blessed curse all in one. You can have your game extrodinarily trashed at the start from where your mill is. Do note, its not impossible to recover from. I think if I were to say, sugest this for tournament play on a more advanced level, some sort of tweaking, or full on unchangeing maps, would be nessisary.I did mention it was a 'blessed' curse. Take an RTS, say 'Wargame', or 'StarCraft'. There is a map on that game you like. You know it very well. You know its exploits. Because your playing on that map, you have some odd form of 'home field advantage'. The other experianced players will probably put up a goof fight, but anytime the matchmaker gives you a fresh, green newbie, you break them before the game is started, or toy with them while you build to your supply cap. Then steam roll them.Cant do that in this game. I mean... you CAN, but you got to work for it.So all in all I say good game. Matches last 5 to 15 minutes. to be fair, if you break 15, something went wrong. Your forced to think on your feet, and find new ways to micro in a game where most people just grab a blob of units and throw them at enemy mills. I hope the developers keep working hard on this game, I'd love to see more from it in the form of units, story, or mechanics (like the map thing I mentioned earlier). Glory to the KSR, send them all to the Kitchens, and have fun."
76561198097416879,Recommended,286000,34942359,Posted: 13 September,all,FullOfTacos,"Easy to learn, hard to master. If you're interested in the RTS genre, this is a good pick up for anyone who wants to dabble."
,Recommended,286000,34913879,Posted: 12 September,all,Cmdr_TacoShell,Finally a decent and enjoyable RTS. Simplicity at its best.
76561198021621815,Recommended,286000,34927888,Posted: 13 September,all,Concor,Great game
76561198147854742,Recommended,286000,35199883,Posted: 25 September,all,Dingo_,it takes a while to get used to as the single player campaign only teachers you the basics. But once you started getting used to the strategies you need for Tooth and Tail you have a great game of both a fun and enjoyable Single Player Campaign an an intense Online Versus Mode.
76561198040647977,Recommended,286000,35181562,Posted: 24 September,all,Mordecai The Fox,Tooth and Tail is a fantastic RTS game.  It's very simple and easy to learn.  None of the crazy macros are needed like what you see with other RTS games.  The story is cute yet dark all at the same time.  The music is great as well.  I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,286000,35196182,Posted: 24 September,all,Maverick,"Pocketwatch actually made a controller-based RTS that is strategic, fast paced, skill-based, and fun to play. We've come a long way since StarCraft 64.The campaign does a good job explaining the game gradually through the mission design. The lore and setting are impressively rich, putting you in the paws (?) of 4 faction leaders vying for authority over who feasts, and who is eaten. Like StarCraft's campaign, you'll play through 1 faction at a time, but unlike StarCraft, factions don't have units specific to their ""race"". I have to applaud Pocketwatch for making missions that are truly challenging - I came into the campaign expecting somewhat of a cakewalk given my preconception about the game being simple and easy. I'm happy to say that my preconceptions about the game and the campaign were both wrong.Multiplayer shines as well. Each player selects 6 units/structures that they'll be able to build for that game. There are Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, and Defensive Structures. You'll want to find a good mixture that fits your playstyle, keeping in mind that both the procedurally generated Map and your opponent's composition are unknowns until the game starts. Again, I had a preconception that the game would just be two players throwing units at one another, but even in the low ranks that you begin your Ranked journey in, players seem to know better and are adept at setting up high ground sieges, using mobility to deny expansions, kiting the suicide-bombing Toads (Banelings), and setting up traps. Games tend to last between 7-15 minutes.This game is perfect for those who enjoy strategy, and want fast paced action that allows for creative and skillful execution. The developers really found a great sweet spot that so many RTS games fail at, as you still need to play fast, but the speed is more about decision-making and army positioning rather than housekeeping your economy. If you like StarCraft, you'll probably like this as it satisfies a similar itch, just with a different control scheme and some quality-of-life improvements. If you don't like StarCraft due to the economic APM requirements but like other RTS games, you'll also probably like this."
,Recommended,286000,34910943,Posted: 12 September,all,Soulbutcher,Greatly simple RTS that is actually pretty damn fun. The game play loop will probably get stale as you hammer hours away into it but for $20 dollars I can definately recommand to anyone who likes RTS but not the hard learning curve and time needed or people who love RTS in general.Unfortuantely I can see mutiplayer will be dying off quickly so get in now if thats what you are interested in or during a sale.
76561198068886722,Recommended,286000,34912428,Posted: 12 September,all,ReanuKeeves,Combines elements of RTS and Line Wars. Surprisingly simple and fun
76561197994370169,Recommended,286000,35007434,Posted: 16 September,all,Spartak,"A very fun RTS that is easy to pick up but not lacking in depth. Has plenty to offer in terms of strategy and fun unit interactions despite its streamlined controls. Having the commander as the ""cursor"" introduces new considerations such as balancing scouting, economy and army control. The only lacking feature is 2v2 ranked, it would be great if that is added in the future. Recommended not only for those who want to play RTS games but are intimidated but also for RTS veterans."
76561198110558236,Recommended,286000,34967616,Posted: 15 September,all,§uperb,"This game is great. It is both simple enough to pick up and play casually for periods of  10 mins, yet complex enough to play many times and quickly become addicting. I think what I really like about the game (coming from only playing dota) is that you can just sit down for >15 mins and have a fun and casual experience, or spend hours playing and not get bored. It also has great local co-op options. You can play an online 2v2 game with your teammate playing split screen with you.The only problem with this game I have is that when you play with people from other regions the game lags heavily (even if you pick 'near' as your region, people who pick a more expansive option can still join your game).9/10"
,Recommended,286000,35413474,Posted: 2 October,all,Drury,"Okay, most reviewers got most of the bases covered. Yes, it's actually an RTS with all the micro and macro and metagames involved, yes, it's great with a controller, yes, the devs are active, yes, Quartermaster is a waifu (one that's inferior to Hopper). And yeah, there's local splitscreen multiplayer, holy crap. And a spectator mode, and replays, and all the good stuff you want out of an RTS. Really can't think of anything it's missing. Okay? Okay.Here's one thing other reviewers tend to whine about instead of being helpful - the campaign and its perceived difficulty. Not gonna say some missions aren't annoying, not gonna say the game's not hard. Just one thing - and I'm gonna take a page out of the modern games journalist's book here so bear with me - this is Dark Souls of RTS. It's not unfair, it just makes you work for your victories. You are expected to attempt each mission multiple times, fail over and over, develop a strategy, then win. Matches are short, you'll fail in 2 minutes, try again, no problem. Each mission has a hint, use that. Check the rules, scout the map, check your composition, know your units, formulate a strategy, win. Don't brute force missions, that won't work. It's a strategy game. You are meant to make meaningful decisions, not spam and pray. It's not the most APM-intensive game under the sun, you only ever have a few units to work with, so it's all about that execution. If you can't deal with your lack of progress, take a break, think about your strategy, your life, your emotional debts, and try again.With that out of the way, on to the actual review:9/10 treyarch pls nerf the fox thanks for reading"
76561198009971021,Recommended,286000,34924977,Posted: 13 September,all,[IF]AngryPotato,"I could say that the premise of this game is hilarious - animals fighting to eat each other. I could say that the graphic is nice. But all you have to know that somehow those guys made an RTS that is FUN to play console-like (WITHOUT A MOUSE).SUCK IT, HALO WARS!"
,Recommended,286000,34912612,Posted: 12 September,all,T H E   C O M R A D E,A competitive RTS without an insane amount of micromanagement required to do well.It's fantastic.
76561198211650909,Recommended,286000,34974779,Posted: 15 September,all,smart dodo,This is probably already my favourite game there's so much to do it's difficult and fun. With a decent campaign. The multiplayer is were this game is best so I mostly stick to that. If you want a good modern RTS this is your game.
,Not Recommended,286000,35006135,Posted: 16 September,all,Indi,"Honestly, I wish I could give this game a + review, there's a lot I do quite enjoy about it, but there's a huge overlaying factor that really outweighs the rest. I do enjoy the game, and will no doubt continue to play it but it is a bittersweet experience.+Artstyle+Music+Atmosphere+Unique controls: TaT boils down the RTS genre to a single unit, providing its own hardships and skill requrements, a player will often have to plan in advance what they want to do in order to carry things out.=Army structure: the game allows player to pick out an army of 6 unit types mixed between 4 brackets to organize their power/cost in tiers, and then a catagory for defensive structures. At the start of a PvP game player choose, blind to what everone else is picking. This can nail a player into a specific playstyle that if too focused, will leave them unable to adapt to a situation if their army is not suited to deal with an issue. Evened out by the fact that your enemy is also limited to their selected decks.-Randomly Generated Maps: In some genres it would allow for endless gameplay while the Dev team having to do little work beyond setting up how the RNG would work and construct the maps. This is a huge problem for the style of RTS TaT has gone for. Many of the story mission end up being down to ""if I can get a good layout"" to win the stage. While the needed strat to advance might be in place, if your mill is down hill, or in an open field, or just too close the the enemy, you're out of luck. To have the game decided before it can start is a huge bother to scout a map only to find there no vantage point that will give you the edge you need against a rather one-sided fight. With a recent patch some things have been adjusted but the game is still largly up to RNG, and not skill in many cases."
,Not Recommended,286000,34925318,Posted: 13 September,all,Jawn Mancer,"Only played a short spell before requesting a refund; while the artwork is very nice and the world interesting, the gameplay itself felt so lacking and oversimplified I just don't see myself putting any more time into the game.There really is no room for much tactics in this game, given you can only issue attack-move orders toallyour forces on the map at the same time, or toallof a single unit type at a time. No mixed forces allowed for flanking/defense/etc.It's all far too streamlined and simplified."
,Recommended,286000,34919579,Posted: 13 September,all,๖ۣۜKawaii NeeTz,"Fun game. RTS with interesting units and building mechanics, and its simple and to the point also so that newer players can learn the game. Think of WC3 and Starcraft, but you have a commander that controls everything on the battlefield. Your commander is your scouting, building, and army commanding unit in the game. Don't worry though, the commander dying doesn't end the game, and there are mechaincs to get you back into the fight or retreat back to your base quickly to build and give commands.The pixel art is really cool, mechanics are awesome, but the story is kinda weird. Ah well, for 20 bucks you can't really complain with (just me) 9 hour story mode, and really quick and action orientated pvp.Edit*: It's worth mentioning that a few of the story missions are really messed up, so you gotta refine some strategy to get through some of them because conventional methods and the hints sometimes don't help you as much."
76561198078751000,Recommended,286000,34912793,Posted: 12 September,all,Space,Really nice game to chill back and relax. Great sprite work and adorable voices.
,Recommended,286000,34912334,Posted: 12 September,all,Croissant,"русская революция с мышами!Amazing rts unlike anything you've ever seen. It's super easy to get into for the less experienced, and has great depth to the game for the more experienced. 10/10."
,Recommended,286000,34915299,Posted: 13 September,all,GloryWhole,General Chaos read Animal Farm.+Isometric+Four player modes+Lots of units+Class-based squads+Add local players in online games+Story mode+Great spectator mode
,Recommended,286000,34943830,Posted: 14 September,all,Corven McSeth,"Love RTS but don't have the time for 2-hour matches or complicated mechanics? Then buy this game.I do have 2 recommendations:- Mobility can sometimes be frustrating since there is no clear path and you may spend precious time trying to find your way through the map.- Personally I have not played ranked yet, but the maps are procedurally generated and that adds a degree of randomness to the competitive aspect fo the game, which could result in luck interfering with your strategy. One should never rely on luck in competitive games.Other than that; great story, great characters, amazing graphics and beautiful music.9/10"
,Recommended,286000,34923882,Posted: 13 September,all,PeekItUp,"I love this game. If you want a distilled RTS experience where each game can be digested in 5-10 minutes, buy it.Pros:Unique, fluid, simple to understand control scheme.No need to have mega apm/multitask in order to be competitive.Customize your unit composition before each match to fit your playstyle or counter the meta.Games last at most 10 minutes so you can fit one in whenever you'd like. You don't have to commit to a long drawn out conflict.Charming art style and theme.Procedurally generated maps mean every game presents you with unique tactical advantages/disadvantages.Diverse selection of units/defensive structures.Single player campaign is packed with lots of backstory and fun, varied mission types.Seems well worth $20.Cons:The AI can be pretty dumb.Multiplayer maps are generated fairly but sometimes your opponent has a clearly better starting position. This is not that much of a problem re competitive scene since this game is usually played best of 7 or best of 9.Ferrets are too good imo."
76561197970178992,Recommended,286000,34913459,Posted: 12 September,all,cheaky,Great easy to pick up RTS. Lots of depth from what I can see so far.Awesome music and graphics are awesome.
,Recommended,286000,34913902,Posted: 12 September,all,[Work] Kurthos,"Great RTS, would love to see a map editor.Laddering is a joy, no anxiety here like other mobas/RTS.Game is just genuinely fun. Its refreshing to say that about a game."
76561198043798142,Recommended,286000,35119376,Posted: 21 September,all,heyitsmelo,Toad Rush
76561198090166121,Recommended,286000,35110038,Posted: 21 September,all,efkeegan89,"Great game,  but read ConsPros:-Magical Artwork and storytelling-Fast paced and fun gameplay-Easy controlsCons:-Frustratingly, maps are visually hard to navigate. Its hard to tell what your chararachter will clip and what will allow him to pass. Maps with lots of cliffs or items become a frustrating over complicated puzzle, constantly getting stuck or trapped in dead ends. I've play Warcraft, Age of Empires, Starcrraft, and sid meyes. This is the most difficult time  ive had understanding terrain."
76561198084995930,Recommended,286000,34920871,Posted: 13 September,all,Jack,I cautiously recommend this game if you're new to RTS or just a casual fan. People who're more experienced with the genre will find it too simple.
,Recommended,286000,34911591,Posted: 12 September,all,sandyllama,"I'm bad at most RTS games. I don't care about build orders and I don't want to develop arthritis from the micro. I think most tech trees are overly-complicated and the barrier of entry for the genre is generally just too high.Tooth and Tail is everything I wanted out of an RTS game without all the heartache normally associated with the genre. It's all meat and no chaff. It's streamlined and accessible while still being deep and engaging.There are some minor niggles:- It's a bit tough to navigate certain maps as map elements can be tightly clumped together. This issue is more prevalent on certain campaign maps, multiplayer maps do not seem to suffer from this issue.- Some of the campaign maps feel overtuned for difficulty at the moment, but this is slated to be hotfixed soon, so it's not a huge issue."
,Recommended,286000,35033539,Posted: 17 September,all,Masteralan,"A fast-paced RTS that keeps you on your toes. Humorous tone, great soundtrack, challenging but helpful campaign and over-all great gameplay. I may be biased because I love RTS games, but this is probably one of my favorite games now.There are a few things that could use a little polishing, but overall I'd say it's a very good game and is enjoyable if you don't let a couple of losses get to you.The maps are randomly generated, which provide good replayability to campaign, multiplayer and make the game unique each time, but does have the problem of occasionally screwing you up, but they have been making good efforts to try and keep it fair. No two situations are ever the same due to this map generation though, which is good!The controls are so simple I don't think it'd take more than like 15 or less seconds to go over them. Gamepad support is also very good I hear, especially since it's an RTS, which typically would be impossible to make for gamepad.The units are (debatably) pretty balanced as well. If you know what you're doing, you can at least last a while if you balance out food and unit production, regardless of what units you pick, and (once again debatably) every unit has a good counter.It supports up to 4 players of both online and local (I think) multiplayer. Matches can range from FFA, 1v1s, 1v3s, 2v2s, etc. There is both ranked and unranked. Leaderboards exist too for the more competitive people.It's quick and easy to get into online matches, but if they have a slow internet, it can be a pain to deal with the periodic freezes. Not much can really be done about that though. :/Battles are fun and intense. There's been a few times where I was sure I was going to lose and then end up somehow wiping out their entire army with freshly-spawned units, or them losing due to starvation despite having them blowing up my last gristmill. The fact that you have to physically throw your commander into the fray and risk getting killed on-the-spot is one of the more intresting points that also helps kind of make you feel involved.But either way, the sound of gunfire filling the air and the light of exploding artillery while the map goes up in flames is truly beautiful--chaos at its finest.If you've ever heard of Redwall, the theme is pretty much that + World War I. Pretty interesting and fun. The story isn't exactly much but it does at least line up with the missions well! I haven't beaten it yet though.Anyways, I definetly reccomend this game. If you like war-themes, RTS games, or animals, this is a great game for you.Have fun battling!"
,Recommended,286000,34992314,Posted: 16 September,all,Heikai,Tooth and Tail is an RTS game with modern design sensibilities. The mechanical exution barries of the genre have been removed. Meaning that you can focus purely on strategy and not keeping up a high APM. The maps are randomly generated which encourages adaptive and creative play. The battles themselves are completely deterministic which ensures the importance of strategy. The art is beautiful and the theme is interesting and unique. An exceptionally good game!
76561198064760165,Recommended,286000,34923059,Posted: 13 September,all,Fruit Loops,Finally a good RTS that is well balanced for a cheap price.
,Recommended,286000,34912866,Posted: 12 September,all,Wolfetariat,"You lead furry creatures into battle to overthrow the filthy bourgeoisie, what isn't to like?"
,Recommended,286000,34940524,Posted: 13 September,all,MBVeedo,Animals playing Human in a simple strategy game with a phenominal soundtrack.  Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,286000,34941200,Posted: 13 September,all,Necrucifer,really fun game. easy to get into. hard to stop.
76561198070044538,Recommended,286000,34951516,Posted: 14 September,all,Samumu,You can play this game with literal mouse and keyboard.
76561198061559808,Recommended,286000,34941128,Posted: 13 September,all,Furballofwar,"I love it.Pros:The story: Absurdly grim, smart humor, compelling characters and a disturbing and riveting worldThe UI: Getting used to the left click vs right click system is challenging at first but makes for a simple and robust control system. Game looks good, and the unit selection menu gives you all the needed informationMultiplayer: Very fun, tons of options for how to one-up your opponent, procedural map generation can lead to some unfair set-ups, but keeps the game very fresh and allows for *tons* of macro-strategy.Cons:TBH I can't think of any. This game adds a lot to the RTS genre and is really interesting"
,Recommended,286000,34952194,Posted: 14 September,all,Aurochs,Tooth and Tail sheds some of the complexity of other RTS games. It gains a quick and straight forward style of gameplay while retaining what makes other strategy games enjoyable. I'd recommend it if you're interested in RTS but are normally put off by the mechanical requirements.
76561198064592233,Recommended,286000,35458630,Posted: 3 October,all,Notoriousmrbaker,"Short version:  Money well spent at full price, a steal at 75%.Game is a simplified RTS.  Everyone else's reviews have tended to gush over the simplified mechanics, so I won't go too much into that.  They're all true.  It is refreshing not to have to micromanage the 5-20 unit production buildings/tech trees.Campaign is pretty nice, not just a barebones tutorial.  About mid way through the 2nd faction the missions start becoming challenging.Multiplayer is a lot of fun, especially ranked.  Sometimes there is a decent wait for unranked matches, but never had to wait long for a ranked match.I normally don't listen/care about the soundtrack, but this one is amazing.  I have listened to it outside the game, it's that good.There are a few negatives and because you should always focus on the negatives, read this part too:First, Pathing can be a little weird.  I can't tell you the number of times I have been stuck on something that looks like you should be able to walk through, or walk through something that looks like you should get stuck on.  This is especially true on these procedurally generated narrow, maze-like, levels.  The prison break for the Common folk stands out as particularly annoying.Your units are tied to your hero unit, so certain things (in my opinion) like Fox and Chameleon don't work quite as well as they should.  Invisibility does help to the extent that it is invincibility, but it's hard to stealth attack someone when your banner-bearer is always visible, and your enemies can see when you're rallying units.  Fox is limited by how fast your main character can run.Simplified controls does mean there are limits to what you can do with your army.  Sorry guys, no split pushes, no turning off unit spawn (say if you want to save money for an expensive unit first, but there are 4 little unit buildings all sucking the money out of you bit by bit).There are no unique units for the different factiosn in Ranked, and they all look the same (just different colors)Would love to see some unique skins, maybe a DLC campaign with additional units."
76561198064254050,Recommended,286000,35488186,Posted: 5 October,all,SPACE_SURFER1212,"awesome game, lovely music and epic concept"
,Recommended,286000,34957253,Posted: 14 September,all,Fergas,A fun and simple RTS. And mouse and keyboard work perfect to good job devs.
,Recommended,286000,34915291,Posted: 13 September,all,Never Makes My Steaks™,reminds me of The Secret of NIMH
,Recommended,286000,34941974,Posted: 13 September,all,Jako,"Starcraft on steroids.Edit:Halfway through the campaign (wich might be the weakest part of the game), and with maybe 30-40 ranked games behind me, i can now properly review this piece of art that is Tooth and Tail.Pocketwatch just reinvented the wheel of casual RTS, and i'm already hoping for an expansion sometime in the future. Art style is sick, sountrack is terrific (by the respectable Austin Wintory, composer of Abzu's OST),  gameplay is novel.What is very particular about Tooth and Tail (besides animals with guns) is that the camera is fixed on your commander, just like hack'n slash games. You can only queue 1 farm at a time, so if you're in a fight out of your base, you can't build your economy. It's a very fast paced expantionist game where you have to think quick, grab new mills for food, and constantly scout your opponent. It feels very fresh.Match time varies between 3-12 minutes. You customize your army every game (6 choices amongst 25 units) and every map is randomly generated. Never the same match twice.Pros:- you never played this game before- almost infinite army combinations- casual to hardcore- amazing soundtrack that is dynamic, evolves with your actions- great sound effects- superb art- possibility to watch replays- easy to pickup- can be played with a gamepadCons:- basic campaign feels like a tutorial (wich might appeal to some)- no 3v3 or 4v4- AI isn't greatAt this price, buy with absolutely NO hesitation if you're into RTS and/or casual games. But don't buy it for solo play."
76561197988162922,Recommended,286000,35007051,Posted: 16 September,all,Mysto,"I am a huge fan of RTS games and have been looking for a game that provides a high level of strategy, ease of play and does not require a huge amount of time to play.  Do not let negative reviews influance you as they are comparing this game to other games that Tooth and Tail is not trying to be.  Tooth and Tail nail all of these aspects and here is why:Strategy: Each unit has its place in play style and countering other units.  You can sell off your old units to buy different units to adapt to your opponents startegy.  I will have to admit I don't use every unit but again that is because of play style.  Before the game starts, you pick only 6 units types from a list of 20 so when you play the game, you have win using only those units so this adds pre-planning to the game.  When you play and look at your opponents base you may think, Oh I see turrents and barbwire, most likely they don't have mines as well.Map: The best part I feel because the map is a random generated map every game causing you to adapt every game.  ""Sweet there is only one entrance into my base and I have high ground vision, I'm going to go early economy.""  Some may feel this adds randomness, I feel it creates replayablity.Easy to Play:  The controls are amazing.  I am a keyboard mouse guy but for this game I use a controller.  Using a controller for RTS I thought would be impossible.  The creative way they solved unit control I take my hat off to.  There is a commader that is used for building, scounting and leading an army.  You right trigger and the entire army will attack the spot you were standing at.  You still have unit micro if you left trigger then only the unit that you have selected will attack.  I could never think of having the skills to micro units like Starcraft demands.  I feel I have a high level of control and enough micro that if I want to attack the minigun Badger in middle of the army I can.  I may lose my entire army to do so but I have that level of control.  Also every minute your commander gain 10 to his max health.  This allows you go deep into a base and live when there are larger armies.  If you commander dies, he responds back at your base but while you wait, your army is leaderless.Short Games:  8 Minutes is the average length of my games.  This means I can try different strategies and if it doesn't work, let's go again.  I have never felt to Rage quit because the time investment isn't that large. Your farms run out of food in about 4 minutes, so you have to expand.  If your last farm dies, you have 45 sec to build a farm, otherwise you lose.  I have won many games just denying my opponents expansion options to where they starve.  Again that is the beauty of the random map ganeration.  You need to look at yours and your opponents starting location and identify ""I can get blocked if I let them control this point of the map. I better defend that spot quickly or if i defend this one spot, they can't expand.Advanced Play:  Some reviews talk about lack of depth.  Not at all.  I was playing 2v2 and scouted my opponents team.  I could see that they were putting up defences so I started building my best unit at the back of my base which takes a very long time.  Well with it 40 sec from completing, my base got scounted and he saw my tier 3 building.  Once he left, I knew what was going to happen,  They were going to rush me with a bunch of cheap units and I would lose. So I sold my expensive building which gave me tons of money and quickly built turrents on the high ground and mines.  Within 20 sec of being scouted, here comes both armies but I was able to change direction and prepare.  What a surprise when they showed up to a fortress and for a fraction of the cost, all their units died.Price: Well worth the $20.  I have purchased other copies for friends.Con:  The sinlge player is ok.  Would not call it a con,  but I only buy multiplayer games anyways."
,Recommended,286000,35057873,Posted: 18 September,all,Swiggity Swooty,The game is simple while still having some depth and strategy. Fun for anyone to enjoy and a great first RTS game for anyone trying to get into the genre.
,Recommended,286000,34910217,Posted: 12 September,all,The Gun Eater,During the whole session of a game I asked myself 1 question - do they breed that fast to support troops and food?Everything else is 9/10.More voice sample would be better.
,Recommended,286000,35006078,Posted: 16 September,all,Lord of the Swooce,"Pretty alright game, RNG maps can be annoying and cause you to lose but otherwise the game is solid enough. It's not the most complex game but that's alright."
76561197993756636,Recommended,286000,35007218,Posted: 16 September,all,brainy19,"Not only is the game fun, but the game developer is receptive to customer's feedback and made patches and updates very quickly."
,Recommended,286000,35143779,Posted: 22 September,all,aDuck,"Excellent so far. Love the setting, characters, and story."
76561198007806171,Recommended,286000,34912669,Posted: 12 September,all,Jami,Very fun local coop. The random weather and time of day effects are great.
76561198040459106,Recommended,286000,35004940,Posted: 16 September,all,Goblerino,"This game's fantastic you get a lot for the price, fast paced games with a lot of ways to play to your own playstyle online/offline and a single player campaign that can really give you a challenge if you want to clear every single heroic objektive.If you're a fan of fast paced stradegy games I would definitely recommend this game for you!"
76561198013970966,Recommended,286000,35061256,Posted: 19 September,all,saf,"it's a great RTS-lite; Sacrifice is a good comparison, but with more strategic depth to be found here (though perhaps less personality)"
,Recommended,286000,35242445,Posted: 27 September,all,Yamyam,"Tooth and Tail: ""Making losing fun since 2017.""I've never played a single RTS before, infact, I didn't even know what an RTS was before I got Tooth and Tail.None the less, this game is epic. From the cast of characters- Drunk squirrels, flame thrower boars, mustard gas lobbing skunks and more- to the different factions, to the easy to learn battle system, this game is just wonderful. Oh, and to tie the package together they have a freaking epic soundtrack. Seriously, buy this game now."
76561198012949375,Recommended,286000,34940333,Posted: 13 September,all,Grumpy_Tiger,"If I had to rate this game out of ten I'd give it a 6 to 7 range.  The game has a RTS 'lite' type system which works well if you want to play mobile like a tablet but doesn't offer the options for deeper RTS staples.  Most of the strategy of this game is just deciding what units you want to produce, and units produce automatically, to build your composition which typically boils down to an all in type strategy since there is no control groups in this game, you can either select an entire unit time to move or every unit on the map with nothing inbetween.For me the real shinning point of the game is the interesting and morbid, industrial eraish type setting and music where the sentient animals literally eat each other and that is what they are fighting for.  But this is more of a glimpse into the world as the storyline isn't exactly deep and detailed.For 20 bucks I'll get my money worth out of the game which is why I would recommend it.  Will I return to the game once I've cleared it? Probably not."
,Recommended,286000,34927921,Posted: 13 September,all,Ciucolas,amazing
,Recommended,286000,35151070,Posted: 23 September,all,Stephanie7120,"I really like Tooth and Tail, and it is definitely a good game to me, however I do have a few grievances that I think need to be addressed. In order to address everything I will be going into story spoilers so if you want to experience the story for yourself without knowing then just skip over the story section of this review.Gameplay: Solid, simplified, easy to learn RTS. I completely think that the developers nailed it with what they were aiming to create, which was an RTS simplified. Some argue that the game is too easy, or that it relies too heavily on RNG due to the random map generation for every game. I counter that by arguing that this is isn't like the huge, in depth RTS's out there where your games last 30min-1hr in length, where you can go in with a grand strategy and outplan your enemy. In this game you need to go in to matches with an open mind, you need to see what you have to work with, learn what your enemy is working with, and plan around it, and plan around the plan of your enemy, Games last about no longer than 10min, so every decision you make from grabbing an early expansion to investing straight into units, it all matters, especially if you are reacting to a move from your opponant. In the end, I think that there is a wealth of strategy to be had having the game this way, especially without knowing what units your enemy will bring or what the map will have to offer.Design: The world of T&T has a beautiful pixel style art design that is fairly simple and it fits the simplicity they were going for in developing the gameplay. The artwork for the actual unit portraits, and the leader portraits is all very well made as well, allowing you to get a really detailed look as to what your units actually look like. The music is also very nice, each faction getting a few different themed tunes that suit their theme, such as the KSR getting a brass orchestra and the Civilized having curch organ in the instruments.Multiplayer: Some people have reported issues with multiplayer, having no one in their region to play with, but here in America that is not an issue so if you are in the US and Europe then I assume you wont have trouble. Anyway, the multiplayer functions just like the campaign, but with no special map conditions and you are up against a real person. There is even a competitive mode where you can climb the ranks and be featured on the leaderboard. I have not had any issues with connection, or finding matches, so I am going to say that, for my experience, it has been good.Story: This is where I have to give and take points away, and where you should stop reading if you dont want spoilers. So, Tooth and Tail sets up this amazing parody world akin to the Russian Revolution, with its story being told through interactable people and environment objects in the four bases. It sets up this tragic tale of the murdered Tsarina, the only one able to hold society together, and then the four factions began to tear eachother apart when times got rough. You learn about Bellafide, leader of the Longcoats out for vengence for his son, having been murdered in the harvest. Hopper, the one armed revolutionary out to rally the poor and neglected members of society to create a democracy for better rights, and an election for the harvest. The Quartermaster of the KSR whom is lost after the death of the Tsarina, no longer having the head of state to give direction to the organization, trying her best to do as she believes the Tsarina would think was best. And finally Archemedes, the high priest of the Civilized trying to do the will of his order while also dealing with his own morals on right and wrong. Unfortunately, the game gives only 5-6 missions per faction story line, giving you hardly any time to really explore society or the main characters, and to top it off you are limited to only exploring the tiny faction bases rather than more open areas to really get a look at what the world looks like. To top it off, the ending is absolutely horrible. Your final mission is to end the war, and so one would assume that we would see some sort of resolution to all of our main characters stories, right? No! Instead, the game ends with the pigs rising up and killing everyone, presumably ending the war for their own order to rise up. So, do you like the four protagonists? Too bad their dead! Do you like exploring their story archs? Too bad their dead! This is where the simplicity of the game is painfully crippling, because it leaves you wanting more, and not in a good way! It feels incomplete, rushed, with an unsatisfying ending. This could be remedied by giving every faction its own in depth storyline with at least fifteen missions, letting you also explore outside of the main faction HQ to see more of this world and what it is like. The story spans over a year, at least, so there is so much time to work with! And if they toss out the stupid pig ending then they have even more time to work with post ""the end"". So many people I talk to are wishing for more, for an open world exploration of this T&T landscape, for better story campaigns, and for a better ending.I really hope this helps people make their decision to get T&T, and if a dev possibly sees this then my final words of advice to you are these: DO MORE! You have a rich setting in the palm of your hand with a fanbase that wants more, use it! Fix your campaigns, add more locations to explore, hell add some sort of world map to explore or something, but just add more! As it sits you are currently crippling yourselves with what you have available."
76561198066453250,Recommended,286000,35095261,Posted: 20 September,all,FashyGoy,The simplicity and more casual nature of this game makes it actually a really fun RTS.
76561198049422925,Recommended,286000,34962091,Posted: 14 September,all,Buck Halson,"Good game, nice style and art. Would be closer to 100 if player character had more active skills."
76561198073541217,Recommended,286000,34963149,Posted: 14 September,all,Scowling Owl,This game fulfills my childhood dreams of a) armed revolution and b) being a mouse wearing a tricorn hat
,Recommended,286000,34924145,Posted: 13 September,all,Minx,"EDIT:Who am I kidding?! I take back what I said.Read till bottom, I wanted you guys to see what I wrote at my first review.And BOY, do I judge a game so easily without seeing its uniqueness.THIS IS AN RTS EVOLUTION!The music, the characters, and the campaign.They say this is an alternative to Starcraft 2I say this game is different in so many ways.You'll micro your units differently, charging into battle a particular set of unit with a particular ability. Or use all of them into a simultaneous charge. Of course, you should observe whether your army or units may be efficient enough to disrupt the enemies economy or its army.Then, the single player's not cheesy. I TAKE IT BACK ok and IM SORRY.Spoiler: It's a revolution like Americas or the probably Europeans World War 1 (Long Coats?)And all the things happening cycles towards who'll get the food which is super interesting and never before seen (i think) in any other kind of game.Which makes this super unique!! A TRUE GEM on this time in gaming.As of now, I haven't finished the single player yet because I wanted to do the heroics.I repeat and repeat til I finally get what I lack all those time I lost.Which games currently lack nowadays.This game PRESERVES it. Your patience and dedication towards achieving a victory or the heroic.Multiplayer on the other hand, though sometimes I lag, is like other RTS games.Though here, I can see that reconnaisance/scouting is very vital.As the match progresses, you should see what the enemy is doing and how you can counter it.Also, timing of units spawn and expansion is a thing to keep in mind.The key to victory is patience and knowledge of what the enemy is doing.And when all your calculations gets it right, you achieve the victory.(The victory screen is very satisfying)Combine all of these with the most Russian Communisti-ish music. And the pixel retro art.Ta-da. A masterpiece worth to be recognized by all.To all those who read this till this part, I RECOMMEND this game with all my heart.Though I just played for 20 hours or so as of the time I wrote this re-review, I know I'll play more of it and develop what I currently know.The Devs are pretty awesome and my money is VERY WELL SPENT.See my first review below8/8 would r8 8/8 m8First Review:2.5hrs in and enjoying this so far.Prolly not worth 10 bucks but as gameplay-wise, its hella fun.Online Multiplayer's not good yet since it just released especially here in Asia (no one makes a server so i have toconnect to Global which skyrockets my ping/latency results to loss)Music's cool like classicalish which compliments the motiff and the single player story mode's not that cheesy soit kinda needs some polishing.7/10 overall and I would recommend you guys try it!!"
,Recommended,286000,34965040,Posted: 14 September,all,Kaiuca,"The gameplay is simple and yet very challenging and addicting! A must for RTS fans. And this is probably the only game in this genre with a viable controller scheme that doesn't require a mouse and a keyboard.At the very least this game is cheap and has an awesome soundtrack and pixel art. (:Oh, and it will run on any computer."
76561198027739813,Recommended,286000,34906014,Posted: 12 September,all,BTrain,Animal Farm meets Starcraft/10. Buy it.
,Recommended,286000,35042718,Posted: 18 September,all,King Chicken,"Tooth and Tail doesn't Toot and FailTooth and Tail is a Real Time Strategy game by Pocketwatch games.When I first saw the gameplay from this game I liked the aesthetic of it a lot. But I wasn't sure about the gameplay. I'm a casual, slow paced, RTS fan, like Age of Empires and Age of Mythology was. But let me tell you, even though it is fast paced, T&T did not disappoint me at all. I absolutely love this gem.TL;DR+ Crispy graphics+ Smooth and addicting gameplay+ Rich and deep lore+ Plethora of strategic possibilities+ Eventually cross platform play with GOG and PS4 users.- RNG heavy campaign- No ranked 2v2,Buy it.The game is very subtle and deep, but you will only notice that if you have played a couple of matches. Let me take you through a match and what happens in it to show what you can expect from the game.The MechanicsMaps are randomly generated. They are based on specific seeds (which Binding of Isaac uses as well) which are generated the moment the match starts. After a match you can see which seed (big♥♥♥♥♥number) was used, and you can fill in the seed at the match options when starting another game.Maps feature impassable terrain, water, bridges, cliffs and Grismills. Impassable terrain is, well, impassable. Water slows you down, bridges allow you to quickly traverse water (but you cannot build on them). Cliffs are impassable, but allow your units a strategic advantage because of the high-ground.Last but not least, Gristmills are points on the map where the magic happens. Everything in the entire game is dependant on food, which you can generate at the Gristmills. The more Gristmills and farms you have, the more food you will have, the bigger the chances are of you winning the match. Each map has a set amount of Mills to take control over, but here's the catch: You can only generate a set amount of food from farms around the Mills. When the ground goes fallow, you are unable to gain anymore food from them. This means you have to know when to expand, how to expand, where to expand and when to crush your opponent. If there is no more food available to you, your army will start starving. If you can't generate food within 30 seconds (I believe), it's game over. Losing all your Gristmills will also result in a game over.At the start of a game you control your chosen commander. You can choose between four available characters.• Bellafide of the Longcoats, the ruthless Capitalists• Hopper of the Commonfolk, Advocates of Direct Democracy• The Quartermaster of the KSR, the Secret Police• Archimedes of the Civilized, the Aristocratic ruling class.They are all exactly the same gameplay wise (but not Lorewise, but we'll get to that in a minute). You spawn at one Gristmill with a couple of farms. You can then choose to build a warren to generate units, to scout the map or build more farms to boost your economy. Everything you do costs food. Food is split between Meals (60 food) and Snacks (20 food). A new farm costs 1 meal, a Tier 1 Warren costs 1 meal and each unit generated at that Warren (happens automatically) costs 1 snack.The buildings and units you can build and create are chosen after choosing your commander at the start of the match. There are a total of 20 different things you can take to battle with, but you can only choose 6 (or let RNG pick for you). They are divided into Tier 1 units, Tier 2 units, Tier 3 units and Support Structures. Tier 1's are your usual cannon fodder while Tier 3 units can change the flow of battle or make an almost win into a decisive win.The GameplayThe thing that differs between other RTS's is that this is a gamepad-friendly RTS. Pocketwatch achieved this by making your commander the only thing you control. You can be only at one place at a time. You can only command one army (or one species of unit) at a time. This calls for incredibly strategic gameplay against other people - and against the computer.After the game starts you have to utilize everything you can at once. Turrets on high-terrain. Scout ASAP. Can you trap your enemy if you grab a fast mill and place some turrets near his base? When to go for new farms?I have only played against the computer, but I do feel they did a great job on the AI. I feel the AI succesfully reads my intentions as I play, and this increases with the difficulty I set it as. Though on easy the AI is still happily throwing all his food against a wall of turrets, starving his army quickly in the process.The best games I had was when the AI nearly crushed me but by holding out just long enough, so that the AI doesn't have any food left, I could get back and win the match.The Campaign and LoreThe game also features a Campaign and it's largely hit and miss. The random generated maps are also used in the Campaign missions. And while I appreciate that no campaign mission is ever the same, I really feel like it could be a better experience if it had static maps. Especially since most Heroic objectives (if you complete those, you get an achievement), and even some maps are dependant on a good map spawn.Aside from that though the tidbits of lore inbetween missions are great and really set the (dark) tone of the story. The son of Bellafide is targeted by a corrupt lottery to be eaten for his meat, and Bellafide disagrees with it. So he starts a revolution to fight against the Civilized and stop everyone from eating eachother! ... No. Not really. There are no good guys in this story. Bellafide, (and everyone else), wants to keep the cannibal lottery in place, but he wants to make it 'fair'.The animals in this story are so developed, they refuse to eat the food of beasts, and only eat meat. Because they are 'above' the Swine. The farms you make in the game are only for the Swine to fatten up, so you can eat the Swine. The Swine however seem to be contempt with their fate which makes the story incredibly twisted and also mercilessly engaging. It's such a shame the campaign is tough as nails to beat because of the big focus of RNG.When I finish the campaign I'll post aSpoiler Bitin the review.Fun FactorThe game is far from perfect, but it is incredibly fun. It has this 'Just one more game' feeling I hardly ever have in games anymore. The graphics are great to look at, the story is engaging as hell, the gameplay is nice, smooth and strategic and did I mention the music fits the game really well? It's a great soundtrack and I recommend you get it with the game.Despite some hiccups at launch, and a campaign that's dubiously dependant on RNG, the game is great (with friends) and I really recommend it."
76561198011544107,Recommended,286000,35013105,Posted: 16 September,all,schwango,9/10. Its like Secret of Nym meets World War One.Would bang again
,Not Recommended,286000,34923330,Posted: 13 September,all,[PRKL] Theero,"I was looking forward for this one and it absolutely break my heart that I can't recommend this game: while the artstyle and especially the beautiful still pictures are some of the greatest art I've seen on a videogame and the soundtrack which I'm listening this very moment is a masterpiece in my opinion, the gameplay itself was such a letdown I had to refund the game. The simplistic core mechanics and the lack of any complex strategising left me longing for a more fleshed out RTS. Don't expect too much from the gameplay itself and you might have better time than me."
,Recommended,286000,35012516,Posted: 16 September,all,SkeletN,"A great RTS game : feelings and strategies like StarCraft II but without the big APM and all the training that SC2 needed to be played.Very enjoyable for all kind of players (casual, hardcore, etc..)"
76561198247949502,Recommended,286000,34908659,Posted: 12 September,all,Bob the Simple Blob,"I told my son: we won't work the farms, no. We wont eat the food of beasts. We'l eat MEAT, as any civilized animal does. But when the CIVILIZED called a HARVEST and the CITY FEASTED ON MY BOY, we took to the warriors and lit the country aflame! WHO DECIDED THE FATE OF ANIMALS? The Longcoats? The Common Folk? THE KSR? Or the Civilized? Whoever triumphs will go hungry no more. Those who fall WILL BE DINNER. (catchy music plays)Boom. Summed the whole situation up."
,Not Recommended,286000,35091694,Posted: 20 September,all,Literally The Worst,"Tooth and Tail takes the least enjoyable sections of Brutal Legend and mixes them with the strife of revolutionary Russia. The player controls a single commander unit who, while not participating in battles directly, can rally troops or build structures. Its a relatively simple control scheme but one that doesn't lend itself easily to micro-management. The game's campaign switches between each of the Russian political animal analogs, showcasing different units and mechanics while doing a decent job of weaving a pretty mature narrative with weighty themes. Unfortunately the campaign is completely undermined by an abysmal random map generation system. This system causes mission difficultly to swing wildly and destroys any notions of planning ahead based on a prior mission attempt. The multiplayer fares far better and is the real saving grace of the game. Maps are still generated but in a more even and symmetric manner with consistent objectives. Its just a shame that its a glass half full situation instead of a complete package. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/u95UAyG4wsU"
76561197969770592,Recommended,286000,34922292,Posted: 13 September,all,DemBones,"A very fast-paced RTS. Quick games with really funny interactions. The control takes a little bit to get used to, but once you do a very fun game is presented to you.If you want to play an enjoyable RTS where matches are very quick and fast-paced, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,286000,34939465,Posted: 13 September,all,Patches,Dis sum good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,286000,34966457,Posted: 15 September,all,CzarSquid,Pikmen + Starcraft + Redwall = This game
,Recommended,286000,35054040,Posted: 18 September,all,Morelli,"One of the only very well done new RTS games I've played in a while.  Advancing the RTS genre is always a risk, but I feel like here it's been done succesfully.  By having a leader character, the game feels more personal and easier to access.  It is, however, deceptively difficult.  The AI seems to be quite good, and the story missions can be very challenging."
,Recommended,286000,34979265,Posted: 15 September,all,Pile,Cool game. Needs some betters maps.
,Recommended,286000,34914908,Posted: 13 September,all,WhiteCrow,"What drew me to this game was the original concept.- Pixel art? Check.- Rat civil war? Check.- Dark humor? Check.- RTS simplified? Check.If you're on the verge of buying, stop reading and go for it. I'll save the longer winded reviews for others, and keep this to the point. The aesthetic of this game, the presentation, it oozes that this was a work of love. It's more than apparent that its creators had a vision and properly executed it. It truly is a joy to play."
,Recommended,286000,34919951,Posted: 13 September,all,The13roken,My army aint hungry no more.
,Recommended,286000,35027409,Posted: 17 September,all,Demopan,"Top notch re-invented RTS. Strong fast-paced multiplayer, lots of potential builds and variations, add on the randomly generated maps and no two games feel the same. The world that the game has built is incredible, it's like Redwall meets Animal Farm meets WW1. The game oozes style and charm. Pick this up if you fancy a fresh take on strategy, it really is fantastic."
76561198115869397,Recommended,286000,35056062,Posted: 18 September,all,Talwolf,"Beautiful art, simple buttons, and really does boil  down the roots of a RTS. Campaign starts you slow, introducing one unit or two units and then testing out ways to strategize with setting certain kinds of challenges that are not in the normal basis of the multiplayer. The campaign can be a little unfair under these set challenges as the maps are randomly generated and have a lot of potential of screwing you over and having to restart the whole mission again. Gets a little annoying but you'll pull through when you learn what to do to and what to do better every game which can really help in the multiplayer. Highly recommend this game as I also should point out that every game is around 8 to 15 minutes. So quick matches and great gameplay."
,Recommended,286000,35053061,Posted: 18 September,all,Guardian_Angel,"Tooth and Tail is definetely a charming RTS game with a unique art-direction and gameplay mechanics, beautiful soundtrack, pleasing graphics (even though pixelated ones) though is seriously underdeveloped and sketchy. In this game, the general of your army acts as a cursor, which handles the deployment affairs, while units attack enemies on-sight and do the basic jobs on their own. Maps are procedurally generated, which is good and bad at the same time for the obvious reasons. But the main subject here is the core gameplay, which feels kind of smartphone-y, like it belongs more to the phonegame market rather than the PC market. Unit variety is small, mechanics are scanty and the matches don't go on for too long, rarely ending in more than 20 minutes. It has a pace of a game you play in a vehicle or while traveling to kill time with big emphasis on zergrushing and blitzkrieg tactics.Nonetheless, I'll give it 6.5 / 10, because it can still deliver a good dose of fun for a casual player, a really casual one."
76561197991357612,Recommended,286000,35035258,Posted: 17 September,all,Horst of Anger,"Carefully Recommended - if you're willing to investTooth and Tail(TnT) is a light RTS featuring 8 bit graphics, a refreshingAnimal Farm-inspired setting, and an enjoyable but dark-in-tone campaign with a twist. The game's atmosphere and characters ooze charme and the blend of 8 bit gameplay assets and high-definition UI elements is executed very well. Mechanically,TnTconfines both player control and field-of-view to a singular commander unit which serves as a glorified mouse cursor for base builiding and army movement orders. This significantly reduces the mechanical skills demanded from players and makes the game playable via controller, which is rare for an RTS. However,do notmistake this game as easy.The singleplayer (SP) campaign, which lasted ca. 9 h for me, serves mainly as an introduction to the 20 unit types. I enjoyed it despite some missions suffering from very uneven difficulty and pacing issues as a result of the randomly generated nature of the levels playing havoc with the predefined objectives. After finishing the campaign, Skirmishes against bots are your only further SP option. Unfortunately, bots up until Hard difficulty pose basically no challenge but harder bots will cheat, rendering them ineffective as a learning tool to prepare you for multiplayer (MP) matches.Speaking of which, Unranked MP in my personal experience proved disappointing as there are few open lobbies at a time and many host seem to be afk. Luckily, Ranked MP - the mainmeatofTnT- is well populated. Matches are shorter compared to other games in the genre, with rounds usually lasting 5-15 min. DespiteTnT's deceivingly simplified gameplay mechanics, Ranked MP is punishing, revealing a surprising depth to the gameplay that casual RTS fans will struggle to live up to. This competetive streak clashes with the game's layed-back attitude concerning the control scheme and the aspect of random map generation, the latter of which can lead to very interesting but occasionally one-sided MP map configurations.Summary:Casual RTS fans like myself will struggle to keep up in Ranked mode after finishing the medium-length campaign, which is enjoyable but by all means one big tutorial for MP. Bot matches get stale quickly. On the other hand, seasoned RTS veterans might long for more unit variety and more involved micro- and macro-management options, as well as oppose the random nature of the MP map ""pool"". In the end I'm left wondering who the audience for this game actually is."
76561198026157951,Recommended,286000,35055271,Posted: 18 September,all,Subito Rama,Never seen a RTS like this before. It forces you to be fast and aggressive but also smart. Also would buy the game just for the soundtrack.
,Recommended,286000,35015072,Posted: 16 September,all,KuzCo,"Very simplistic controls for a RTS game that really makes it easy for new players to get into and the mechanics of the allow for very crazy strategies and plays to happen in games. There are some unbalanced units in the game and the ranked matchmaking is not really finely optimized yet, and can use some balance patches. The way that players are ranked in ranked match making can be a hassle for players with better mechanics and skill in the game, I think the introduction of placement matches and a hidden player skill rating would be benificial for the game, especially once the player base becomes vast.The singleplayer campaign can be fustrating at times and would sometimes require you to play the same mission 10-20 times until the random generation favours you and makes it possible to complete the mission. The randomosity of the map generation in both the singleplayer and multiplayer can sometimes be the reason you win or lose a match. The multiplayer needs a set of standardized maps for ranked matchmaking to make ranked matchmaking more balance or at least have the map generation be more symmetrical so that both players have an idea of how to play around each other.I would highly suggest this game for people who wants to break into the RTS genre. This game is great for new players who to play a RTS that is not highly demanding on macro skills. Overall I would say this game is not quite yet balanced but if you give it the chance it deserves it is worth your time."
,Recommended,286000,34949037,Posted: 14 September,all,CrackleJackal,"very fun casual RTS game,good for quick games and easy to pick-up-and-playrandom map generation is a lovely bonusreally cool art and musicmy only complaint is the lack of items, such as backgrounds and emotes, on the market.10/10 would recommend"
76561198003386534,Recommended,286000,34975130,Posted: 15 September,all,kaleraven,"Very fun and accessible RTS game. Simple, but with a lot of potential. There is room for improvement, and I expect there will be some updates that smooth over some of the rough spots, but I think it's worth giving it a shot if you are a fan of the strategy genre."
76561198064691386,Recommended,286000,35120157,Posted: 21 September,all,[LB] Noodlerules,"Probably one of my favorite RTS games since Dawn of War Dark Crusade! The controls are simple which means anybody can pick it up and play. It has a challenge to it, but because the rounds are short you can get really good at a mission in a few hours. It is very unique in the RTS Genera so I am really hoping that this game can get some attention."
,Not Recommended,286000,34959448,Posted: 14 September,all,One Punchshroom,"~SINGLE PLAYER ONLY~I really like the art, concept, and overall design of the game itself. However, the entire single player story is 100% RNG based. I've had it where my base spawns next to two enemy bases before, getting killed within 1 minute.Each of the actual missions have diffrent mechanics that are in place. an Example is one map is a desert, so if you step out of your zone, your units will burn (so will the AI's). However, there is one Mechanic that I can not stand, and that is picking up meat. You need meat to build bases, and spawn units. However, in these missions it seems random how fast the meat spawns, which is fine in itself, however I've had it where no meat spawns for almost 2 minutes before.No meat = No units.I still want to love this game, but if you're getting it because of the single player, I would hold off unless the fix the RNG so it isn't so awful."
,Recommended,286000,35121898,Posted: 21 September,all,Themanwhosoldtheworld355,"This game is AMAZING it gives me a new feeling with its style of RTS its totaly WORTH every cent, except the AI is just rediculous I wish they would IMPROVE it JUST A BIT. If youre gonna use play this game JUST for the singleplayer experience you might get alittle disapointed at the AI's STYLE, but hey MULTIPLAYER's FUN.To the Developers:Please IMPROVE AI and maybe fix the tiny lag on the server/s  when we play on multiplayer"
,Recommended,286000,34910115,Posted: 12 September,all,Dr. Delicious,Great game. Nothing like it out right now.
76561197972037310,Recommended,286000,34939812,Posted: 13 September,all,Bromeo,"Cool game, Just not sure the devs are pointing it at me...The multiplayer games go way too fast for me.  Its like a constant zerg rush and then suddenly you push over one wave of baddies to find that you steamroll their base.  The only units i need to build are the foxes, and maybe an artillery.I would like buildings to be more resilient, i guess.  Or if everyone could slow down, that would be great.  Or if the pig farmers were stronger defensively.  Or the farms lasted longer.It kinda sucks for the enemy general to be able to stroll right through your base flipping off the pigs.  Then, when you have built a grand total of three buildings, the game is more than half way over.  You start thinking about how you and your five foxes are going to go bust some heads. Since there is only another pack of foxes to stop you, theres a pretty good chance you will be having pig for dinner."
76561198005772688,Recommended,286000,34967001,Posted: 15 September,all,Beast of the East DC United,Fan and fresh for FTS fans. Count me impressed.
76561198034369497,Recommended,286000,35005836,Posted: 16 September,all,Shimigami,"Good game, good story, great strategy. What's not to like."
76561198028253012,Not Recommended,286000,35098196,Posted: 20 September,all,Ghin,"This is a fun game but I can't recommend you buy it. There are some baffling design decisions like randomized multiplayer maps and no chat that make the multiplayer a nightmare.  I tried playing 2v2 with my friends and we started off in a corner with cliffs all around and a massive lake between us and actually going up the cliff. I went out to scout and discovered there were actually no farms on our side of the map. All of them were clustered by the other team's start which looked nothing like ours and was centrally located.The single player campaign is fun, but the price is a bit much just for that.  I would recommend waiting for a sale if the game interests you. It's not a bad game by any means, I just don't recommend getting it right now."
76561198118658385,Recommended,286000,34909348,Posted: 12 September,all,phantom,"great strategic gameplay lacks some depth though, canpain is great for new and old to the ganre a few bugs here and there with the canpain but since this is the release day i'll let it slide if they fix it"
76561198190331487,Recommended,286000,34974518,Posted: 15 September,all,oip_the_baker,"I was really excited about this game the first time I heard about it, and I was not disappointed!! Just a few reasons to buy and play this game.+ Easy to learn (simple controls, straightforward strategies) but hard to master+ Unpredictability (because you will have to pick new units each game), which means one cannot stick to one strategy every time+Because it is unpredictable, its a new game experience every time+Quick, so losing a game means you can pick yourself up again easily for a new game+Art and music are 10/10 for me+Campaign is very very challenging (after the tutorial campaign)+Fun with friends"
76561197969399711,Recommended,286000,34997688,Posted: 16 September,all,Schofield,I am blown away by how fast I got addicted to this game. This has everything that an rts should have and manages to pack a ton of strategic depth into a 10 minute round. I highly recommend.
76561198067944342,Recommended,286000,34999056,Posted: 16 September,all,jakobcool123,great great great
76561198088515984,Recommended,286000,35002571,Posted: 16 September,all,FreeTurtles,"I'm really enjoying this, especially as someone completely new to RTS games.  It's simple enough to understand the basics, but still extremely challenging.  Love the art style and soundtrack."
,Recommended,286000,35058365,Posted: 18 September,all,Beanchilla,Such a great game! Well worth the price. Easy to get into but hard to master.SC2 was too much for me online but I'm having loads of fun with this one. It's also incredible charming. Definitely worth the price.
76561198144582035,Recommended,286000,35058832,Posted: 18 September,all,Jayus,I LIKE THIS GAME.
76561198036870249,Not Recommended,286000,35092932,Posted: 20 September,all,Camkitsune,"Cannot recommend in its present state; while the game itself is solid, the constant lock-ups and crashes completely ruin the experience.  This reveiw will be revised in the event of a patch addressing the problem.Tooth and Tail is a unique spin on a genre I generally avoid: an attempt to make the RTS more dependent on tactical decisionmaking and less on raw actions-per-minute which (for the most part) succeeds admirably.The core conceit is that, instead of a floating, disembodied cursor issuing orders to legions of units, you assume the role of a commander (aside from unit color and personality they are mechanically identical) and directly lead your units into battle; unit counts will very rarely exceed 50 on a given side.  You move units into place by rallying specific unit types (or your entire force) with a single mouse button, control targeting by getting right up next to them and staying there, queue units by constructing Warrens (which will then automatically build units until destroyed), and generally spend the entire match running frantically around the map trying to prevent your opponent(s) from outpacing you in terms of unit creation and resource aquisition.'Frantic' is a decidedly good way to describe the mood of the typical match, as even wars of attrition tend to involve a lot of back-and-forth milling about, and there is a hard limit to how long the game can go on before the armies start starving to death.  The only resource is Food, and while you can speed up your acquisition rate by building Farms, these will inevitably deplete, and once you stop getting food you have a fixed amount of time to either capture another mill or end the match, lest your army starve and result in a loss.  Thus you have a number of different choices that you'll have to make on the fly as you play.While units are queued automatically (with certain specific exceptions) the player must choose which ones they will be able to build via a loadout before a given match: each has strengths and weaknesses, but given the somewhat limited roster and the specific functions each unit fulfills it is likely most players will find a favorite set and never look back.This is where my first big complaint comes in: even in my brief time playing there is a distinct sense that some of the units are better than others.In particular many of the Tier 3 units feel underwhelming, as their long queue times and high build costs result in a unit that rarely feels like it was worth the effort; considering that matches tend to progress VERY quickly the cost-effectiveness feels even more out of place, particualry against how quickly Tier 1 and 2 units spawn.It may be that Tier 3 units require heavy micromanagement to work effectively, but the nature of the controls makes doing so awkward.  Trying to target the airborn medics when they're surrounded by a milling throng of other units (which are probably in the process of shooting you) is a lot more difficult than if you could employ the mouse (or right stick if you're using a controller) to pick out a specific on-screen target from a distance further than 'practically humping their leg'. The wolf and the badger in particular feel like they won't work unless you can be in two places at once: picking a unit to buff and a target for that unit only really works for melee units, and you can't pick specific targets while you're telling a unit to move unless you're moving towards that target anyway (making targeted kiting impossible).  Meanwhile, you have a tier 3 unit that can set large swathes of enemies on fire, and another that continuously spawns units that handle their own targeting.All that said, it still works extremely well overall.  While the above wall of text may make it seem like I hate this game, in reality I'm quite fond of the result; from what I've been able to play of it, the game is surprisingly solid, and while some of its design doesn't feel quite on-target the overall result of its mechanics creates an intense, enjoyable experience.Unfortunately, I'm still currently unable to recommend it in spite of this, for two very specific reasons:The first is that the game frequently locks up while loading a map, requiring near-constant restarting.  This rarely ever happens after the first game, but it occurs frequently enough that I effectively can't play more than one stage/match per session.  Constantly exiting and re-launching gets irritating very quickly.  The second is that the game has crashed twice at the end of a level due to running out of memory.  In both cases this was at the end of a longer match and came without warning.From what I've gathered this is the result of a memory leak that the devs are aware of and intending to address; however, until that patch comes out I would suggest waiting before buying."
76561198345523668,Recommended,286000,35122382,Posted: 22 September,all,Sha'Quonda,Tooth and tail is a stripped back pixel art RTS.Unlike other extremely complicated RTS games Tooth and Tail is easy to learn and hard to master and is a great pickup for anyone who is reasonably new to RTS. The gameplay is solid and the amount of content is immense once you are experienced enough to experiment with the different army compositions the game has to offer.Competitively the game is solid however random map generation might annoy some. Map generation is an issue because sometimes you can get screwed over when you do not have enough farms near you or your base is surrounded by high ground. A improvement to competitive would be to have a competive playlist where the maps are random and another playlist where they are not. This would cater to everybodys desires.For the future i would like to see more units introduced into the game as well as regular balence updates to create metas. This would give the game a League of legends feel where the game is always fresh with new units and balence changes. Overall i would reccomend Tooth and tail to anyone and at a $23 price point this game is definately worth your time.
,Recommended,286000,35064041,Posted: 19 September,all,CHEEESE,"I really like this game, I have never been a huge fan of RTS but this game was a great experience. the difficulty spikes were extreme though, otherwise incredble."
76561198046926676,Recommended,286000,34940192,Posted: 13 September,all,Bolt,"Very fast paced, alot of fun! Takes some of the best parts of the RTS genre and gives it a interesting backstory. Every match you pick from a set of units and build an army/defences off of what you chose at the begining, you capture farms for food and try to destory or starve out your foes. I could really get into this game, which dosn't happen often for me."
,Recommended,286000,34940606,Posted: 13 September,all,Pyro,"Couch RTS.  Shall I say more?This game has hit a great niche.  The games only last about 10 minutes and is really easy to pick up.  With split screen and controller support it allows you to kick back and relax with a friend.  It doesn't have a ton of depth, but it has enough to force you to think about map control, counters, and battle strategy.  This isn't a SC2 or an AOE2... but if you like RTS games and enjoy a casual couch game, this is a winner."
,Recommended,286000,35044355,Posted: 18 September,all,Jean Lassalle Gaming,"LOOKS LIKE MEAT'S BACK ON THE MENU, BOYS !"
,Recommended,286000,34923353,Posted: 13 September,all,hUGO,"Just an overall wonderful game. It's got that magic charm to it, you know?"
,Not Recommended,286000,34927387,Posted: 13 September,all,Clown Bard,"It's AOE2 lite, it's very easy to get into, yet it lacks a lot of depth. There aren't any buildings or unit upgrades. The closest thing to a building is your mill, which are sprinkled across the map, can purchase more these mills with resources if you come across them. These mills are basically your nexus, if all your mills get taken down you lose. Thats really all there is to it, don't lose all your mills and make lots of units. If you're looking for an rts with near endless replayabilty, depth and strategy, look elsewhere. However, if you're looking for a quick easy to get into couch rts game with friends this is your best bet. Because of this I wish i could give it a maybe, but i'm going to have to not reccomend this game for most players.TL;DR its not a deep RTS, more of a quick couch game to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,286000,35021871,Posted: 17 September,all,Mako,"I write this after 5 hours experience and as someone who didnt play the beta so maybe my opinions could change in time.I love the concept of this game and how it is attempting something new with the RTS genre but I find it hard to recommend.I generally have little interest in single player games, with RTS in particular I like to go straight for the multiplay after  a bit of practice against bots. I did play the bluecoats part of singleplayer and watch some videos before engaging the bots (medium werent good enough and Hard seem to have an unfair advantage).Casual online didnt give much challenge but ranked matchmaking is ruthless for begineers, maybe its the beta players being mixed in with the noobs.Maybe im just terrible at the game and will never understand the concepts but to me it seems spammy and rewards cheese tactics (meta knowledge) rather than balanced armies."
76561198113243319,Not Recommended,286000,35352672,Posted: 30 September,all,jessedodson,"Disappointing; for all the great reviews I was excited, maybe my expectations were too high.  The control system is interesting and novel for RTS, and the unit selection system is interesting.  However, there is just not enough variation, depth or balance to this game.  It seems like some if not most of the units are useless and swarms of cheap units seem to win pretty much every time.  The longest matches seem to go no more than 10 minutes which doesn't allow a lot of time for strategy - it's really about finding other bases and swarming them as quickly as possible unless you can survive long enough to make some hogs with flame throwers.  Maps although procedurally generated start to look all the same.  The graphics are so bad sometimes it's hard to tell what's actually going on.  I'm a long time RTS fan, maybe that's the problem.  I just became bored of this game very very quicky.  I wish I could recommed it but just can't, save your money hopefully they keep working on it."
76561197996496071,Not Recommended,286000,34923973,Posted: 13 September,all,Flopi,"Multiplayer keeps crashing at start, can't play with friends. Will change review for sure once this gets fixed!"
,Not Recommended,286000,35407525,Posted: 2 October,all,Rawr XD,"The Good:+Geautiful aesthetics. The devs really put soul into this game+Good strategy concept, a good way to streamline RTS games for people who aren't into them+Excellent soundtrack+Compelling universe and lore. No small detail was left overlooked.The Bad:-Procedurally generated levels in an RTS? Really? This makes the game feel like roulette rather than strategy.-Obnoxious visual feedback, it is easy to get stuck on something that looks walkable-Terrible level design that ruins the pacing (a f---king MAZE? IN AN RTS? REALLY?). Getting lost in a huge map is guaranteed.-Not as much depth as I'd like-RTS veterans may not appreciate the 'dumbing down' here.The Ugly:------- THE ABOMINATION KNOWN AS HOWLING VELLEWell I was having fun... until the hell that is the HOWLING VELLE level. It's abysmal, broken, one of the worst level designs I've ever seen. After having more gos at it than I can count, this game is no longer fun for me. Every time I get murdered by some BS and end up ragequitting and playing a game that is actually fun.I want to love this game so much, but thanks to one level I now hate its guts. Pocketwatch, PLEASE do something about the dumpster fire that is Howling Velle. This game had so much going for it until that!"
,Recommended,286000,34906564,Posted: 12 September,all,Illuminati foxkitty,"Well, from what I've experienced so far, this game def seems quite nice. Now, I am skeptical about a 10 hour campaign part and I haven't touched the multiplayer yet, so we'll see how the game does in those departments.However, gameplay wise the controls are quite easy when it comes to keyboard users and the fights themselves are def more fast paced, and there's some nice charm to the character desings as well as the info you're given about specific troops. This clearly isn't trying to be a very hardcore RTS where you need to memorize a bunch of hotkeys like Starcraft, Company of Heroes an etc.It almost reminds me somewhat of a game called S.W.I.N.E, not because of the animal thing, but because you were somewhat limited with your troops and had to plan how which ones you needed the most in what numbers and which ones were better against what, while making sure you have plenty of food on your plate.I will say, I wouldn't mind the maps being somewhat bigger, and having more detail in 'em, to really give it a more war/revolution feeling to it. An I'd say the enemy AI could have been more challenging, again this is just my 1st experience maybe later there's a difficulty spike who knows, as in a few missions all he did was rush me with suicide bomber lizards which were held back by MG nests."
76561198030975965,Recommended,286000,34908820,Posted: 12 September,all,DomFon,"I have only played it breifly, but I already have fallen in love with this game.Pros:GraphicsGameplayVoice actingStory (Thus far I have seen)Cons:I am yet to find any"
,Recommended,286000,35022844,Posted: 17 September,all,Farzher ヽ(◕◡◕✿)ノ,"Perfectly executed. This is the new best RTS.I went straight into ranked without learning anything and was able to compete with the best players on day 1!You can get straight into the mind games without being at a disadvantage for not knowing optimal macro timings, etc.<3"
,Recommended,286000,34909028,Posted: 12 September,all,Nox,A great game.
,Recommended,286000,34958702,Posted: 14 September,all,SubJaeger,I like it!
76561198204605977,Recommended,286000,34921854,Posted: 13 September,all,Dev-Dude-Tyler,A very fun game. I would say that if you are a fan of RTS games that you give it a try.
76561198071542276,Recommended,286000,35028889,Posted: 17 September,all,Deliri,Rly nice RTS game at all... but the lvl design is more than often unfair :( ...
,Recommended,286000,34925159,Posted: 13 September,all,Urim,"Great game, Great story 10/10"
,Recommended,286000,35191100,Posted: 24 September,all,Ratty Mills,"10/10 this game single handedly reinvorgated my love of RTS games,"
76561197971967536,Recommended,286000,35175998,Posted: 24 September,all,D!sney-N!nj@,is my point of veiw is a coop game to play with a buddy and you will surely have a grand time.
76561198328223334,Recommended,286000,35185600,Posted: 24 September,all,Fatdog,Normal story is very nice. But ranked sucks very badly
76561198028494360,Recommended,286000,35185377,Posted: 24 September,all,Delthius,This game is fantastic. Buy it. Play it. Love it.
,Recommended,286000,35211293,Posted: 25 September,all,kirilos,Really nice setting and mechanics.A simplified RTS with deep and fast paced gameplay.
76561197976760339,Recommended,286000,34959385,Posted: 14 September,all,Heretic,"I was unsure about the game before buying it, but after my first game against another player I was hooked on this game."
76561198024961817,Recommended,286000,34940041,Posted: 13 September,all,Crithim,like this  game separates itself from other rts that have you sending different units to different areas of map it is good for people without a super high apm
,Recommended,286000,34915124,Posted: 13 September,all,Shara,Its a very well made great game. I just wish the games campaign was a bit better. If your getting this solely for the campaign your sol if your getting it for the multiplayer im sure you will have fun with it for a long time coming.
76561198033920708,Recommended,286000,35040711,Posted: 18 September,all,viyahn,"This game is rich and interesting. I love the story and the characters. The art is excellent and it feels really polished, but... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥story mode is hard. It's ridiculously hard. I can't even believe how hard it is.It's actually so hard that it stops being fun. My husband and I both gave it up the very first night, because we couldn't make meaningful progress. We're not even your average schmucks, and we quit playing because it's too challenging. We're professional game devs - ten year industry veterans - who do this♥♥♥♥♥♥for a living.Multiplayer is more enjoyable. I hope they continue to release updates that nerf the difficulty of story mode, though."
,Recommended,286000,34992975,Posted: 16 September,all,Guan,This game has been a fun little strat game. It's setting feels very developed and the units and heroes all have things that make them appealing. The simplified controls really cater to people who don't want to micro or get confused which is great because me and my friends are white.
76561198132905657,Recommended,286000,34985776,Posted: 15 September,all,dio,When i start it up it gives me a white screen i have not had a problem like this with any other game anyone know whats going on. It looks like a great game but i dont know how to fix this
,Recommended,286000,34994498,Posted: 16 September,all,AKMZ_63,"It's a great and underrated RTS.After playing for a few minutes, I actually liked the game.The 8-bit graphics are actually kinda nice,and it makes the game playable on my 2013 laptop with Intel HD Graphics!There may be some problems with the AI, but it's negligible.I would recommend this to gamers who love RTS games.Also, it's CHEAP!Just bear with the imperfections. You paid less money for this, after all."
,Recommended,286000,34911785,Posted: 12 September,all,Kordesh,"Very fun little RTS with an interesting setting. The campaign from what I've seen thus far reminds me a bit of a very specific graphic novel series called ""FABLES"", specifically ""The Farm"" but with a more industrial era setting. It's fairly gritty given each faction is fighting over who literally gets to eat who and the side conversations you can have by talking to people hanging around in each factions hideout between missions gives some dark context.Each mission has a sub objective to make things a little more interesting and add some longevity to the campaign which (going by the achivements) seems to have about 28 missions spanning four factions. Ultimately, a nicely planned out context for teaching you the mechanics and doing some worldbuilding along the way. Matches are relatively short and move quickly and are more about positioning and decision making than getting fussy with build queues. The maps themselves are randomly generated (including the campaign) which is worth noting. It's not trying to be an esport or anything crazy like that and I honestly think its better for it. If you're looking for some RTS fun you can jump into, play around a bit in and not have to dedicate your life to it to get some enjoyment out of it, this seems like a pretty cool option so far.Also worth noting it controls just fine with a controller since there isn't a huge micro focus and the contextual input gets the job done just as well."
76561198139397541,Recommended,286000,34907532,Posted: 12 September,all,NightFlask,A very well put together realtime-strategy game.
,Recommended,286000,35014565,Posted: 16 September,all,Purple Zurple,"This game is great! me, not being a fan of rts games, love this game the one think that i would love to see is just a player v ai match  for practice (thats not the story and is more like the couch co-op) but besides that the game is beautifal and it runs a solid 60 frames, over all this is a great game that has a good story."
76561198000565699,Recommended,286000,35014793,Posted: 16 September,all,DynaTheCat,"Unique and well created RTS game.-Characters & plots are memorable and well designed.Everyone has their own agenda, values, objectives, and world pov.-Music score and voice acting is amazing (uses created language)Music really fits each scene and voice acting gives strange foreign life to these critters.-Gameplay is fun.If you've played sacrifice, it's kinda like that. If not, your main hero is your general and the troops rally around him / her. You can choose single unit type or rally the entire army to your hero. You have to strategically use your hero to fight the enemy, tank / distract the enemy, build multiple farming nodes around map, and defend those nodes.Everything came together in this game to present a cohesive and fun RTS.10/10 would feast again!"
76561197991807119,Recommended,286000,34907620,Posted: 12 September,all,KingWillie,"Chaotic, hectic, and charming all at the same time.Like any released RTS, there are some balance changes needed, but overall the game is fleshed out, runs well, and has a unique art that really pulls you in.The multiplayer matches are short, but that's a good change for an RTS. Keeping a match under 10 minutes, even with four players, keeps it from overstaying its welcome. Plus allows a group of friends to play a ton of games in a short period of time.The only downside I can really knock the game for, is the speed at which farms deplete. If your initial strategy fails in any form, that's going to be the end of you. You will not have the resources to recover, so your first tactic better be the right one!Overall 9/10 though. $20 can be a little high for some, but add to wishlist and insta-buy when on sale."
,Recommended,286000,34907928,Posted: 12 September,all,「The Spirit Detective」,"This game Is definitely a breath of fresh air to the RTS genre and it can only get better, combat is fast but it's suprisingly what I love about this game. The story so far from what I've played and seen is nice, and the atmosphere is fulfilling I would reccomend this game to anybody who has an eye for it."
,Recommended,286000,35018885,Posted: 17 September,all,The brigadier,"I love RTSs and I think this game is great and worth the buy.That being said before you buy if you are a big RTS fan there are things you will love or hate.-You cannot control individual units you can only controll all of one type of unit.-Ranked maps are not balanced.- all the maps are random so it does force you to scout out the entire map but sometimes your opponent gets a better starting position be it easier defendable or closer to expansion areas making it easy for them to choke you out.-Sometimes you can/can't move places that you think you should or shouldn't be able to. This is because of the pixel art but isn't that big a deal-Small amount of cheese. Because your loadout is set in stone(You chose what units you bring into battle before you play and you can change) there are certain situations were you may bone yourself if your not careful. But these battles are pretty rare. Conversely you could argue that this is a gameplay feature that has risk and reward.-Some of the campagn heroic missions are a pain and are agains subject to the rng of the random maps.-Games are shorter than say Company of Heroes, Age of empires or Sc2-Less map options. there is Free for all and Teams. But in these modes there are not other setting like you would find in something like age of empires, supreme commander or COH like, no rush, deathmatch style etc.Small thing that isn't gameplay related. The game gives you all of the stats except how much HP the units have. For that you have to look online.I bought it and love every minute even when I lose. But I can see other RTS fans not likeing certain things as mentioned above."
76561198059885766,Recommended,286000,35298242,Posted: 29 September,all,bugsy54321,"It's a good game, highly recommend it if you enjoy singleplayer. However there aren't enough people playing multiplayer, which is what I wanted to do, so not worth it for me."
,Recommended,286000,35045860,Posted: 18 September,all,Original,An excellent RTS with tonnes of personality that you can play from your couch. Already had hours of split screen fun with the ps4 version so decided  to pick it up for steam as well.Buy now! We need more like this!
76561198133345504,Recommended,286000,35077561,Posted: 19 September,all,MurkDaddyFlex,"What a fun little game. Well, I guess I probably should call it a ""little"" game, because this title definitely brings depth and strategy to the table. Multiplayer is an absolute blast, especially if you can get a friend to buy-in along side you. At first I thought this game was just entertaining, but to the level that would eventually become dull after a few days or so. However, I'm quickly learning that's not the case here. There is so much to this game, (at least I think so) and the complexity and mastery is whatever you want to make of it.Now some have commented about how the single-player mode is  ""lack luster,"" but I can't totally endorse that critique. While it's no block buster, I see the single player mode really as a trainer for multiplayer, because the depth and balance of this game takes some time to learn.Takes minutes to learn, but weeks to master -- great game, would definitely recommend."
76561198038338314,Recommended,286000,35043806,Posted: 18 September,all,Zeepo,"Alright, let me start this off with saying this:Yes, the AI has a lot of advantages which you don't get.Yes, playing a skirmish against a brutal/ruthless AI may seem hard (mainly because the AI starts with more food and such), but it definitely isn't impossible.Yes, the singleplayer is pretty hard, but after the patch which lowered the difficulty, you will manage to pass it either easily, or after a few tries.TL;DR at the bottom.Okay.I've been waiting for this game for a really, REALLY long time.It's exceeded my expectations and is better in (almost) every way that I could've imagined.The art style is absolutely amazing.The soundtrack is superb.A new kind of play on RTS gameplay (new-ish).Amazing game to play with friends.A really nice story in singeplayer and the opening scene is perfectly narrated.And most importantly, Pocketwatch Games (the fellers behind this game and Monaco) are one of the best developers out there. They listen to the community, try to implement as much things as they can and listen to the presumably unbalanced stuff. If you don't believe me, join their discord server, the mods there constantly listen to community and discuss things with people and they contact a developer if he is needed to discuss a matter of maybe a new unit and such.It is definitely one of THE best games I've ever played.There's been a lot of talk about the difficulty of the game, some people even say that you have to basically breathe RTS games to even enjoy, or get good at the game, so let me put it like this:Although this game may seem simplistic, it is very in-depth and so, it is easy to learn, but utterly hard to master.You don't have to breathe RTS games to enjoy or even be good at this game. I recommend buying TaT with a friend so you can easily learn how to play against a real person because sadly, the playerbase is not something amazing and it makes me sad.Singleplayer starts off really easy, giving you some sort of basic understanding of the game. In what I could call ""act II"", the things pick up a little (before the patch they picked up a lot :D), but that is where you actually have to start thinking about what you're doing.Skirmishes against bots are different than against other players. The AI isn't particularly dumb, but it isn't really smart either (even on the highest option - ruthless). After a few matches, you can best the AI every single time, which may be a little shame, but even then it's not that bad. The only thing AI has going for it is that they start with more Food (equivalent of money) than you, which gives them a early advantage, so make sure to be prepared for an early attack (2 mins in).Multiplayer is where things get a little more interesting. Since the game was in a alpha a long time, a lot of people are already really good at the game, so you really have to learn different strategies and such to be prepared for someone to use them against you. Always watch the replays of the games that you lost, to see where you've made the mistake.The only thing that I don't like about TaT is the map generation. Random map generation is an awesome feature and is definitely a good feature for this type of game, but it is currently a little unbalanced. My friend once started at one side of the map and had only two windmills (main source of Food, which runs out quite fast), while I had like 5 of them. He understood that he had no chance to win in late game, so he tried to rush me many times and as fast as possible early, for a chance at winning. But tier I troops aren't really good at destroying turrets when you have an army near them (which I had) so he basically had to try to destroy me early, or he lost. And he lost, because the early strategy isn't really a viable one against someone who uses Bullet Hives (stationary turret). He even attacked me from many sides at once, but I already had tier II units because I could easily focus on producing more food, because I had a small army and turrets.And the only ""neutral"" thing:Before you start the game, you get to pick a ""deck"", which makes up the buildings you will be able to build (the max is 6).The fact that you can't see the enemy's deck when picking is a good thing, but can lead to pre-lost battles.So, all in all, if you've never played a RTS game or you are a veteran in them, please, buy this game, I guarantee you will have fun with it and don't give up after losing a few times. The developers deserve more people buying their game and deserve the money from it, they are absolutely awesome.TL;DRGame is real fun; better to buy with a friend although SP is good too; a newbie or a veteran of RTS - doesn't matter, you will enjoy it; developers are one of the best; only problem is map generation."
76561198039513471,Recommended,286000,35046022,Posted: 18 September,all,SandmanXC,This game is amazing if you enjoy the mental process of competitive RTS but don't have the mechanics / APM. I'm literally struggling to put it down and do other things with my life.
,Recommended,286000,34911706,Posted: 12 September,all,FosterPrado,Great RTS so far.
,Recommended,286000,34911616,Posted: 12 September,all,Hamzers,Hits that sweet spot of not too complicated nor too simple!
,Not Recommended,286000,35283184,Posted: 28 September,all,🐧 crow,"So, at some point, this guy was playing Final Fantasy 12. And he said, this is alright, but it needs a follow-up. We want to see what happens with these characters. He was saying this in Japanese by the way, because he was a Japanese man, and he decided that they should do a sequel to FF12 and it would be for the DS. It would be called Revenant Wings, and it would be a strategy game. It would be a real-time strategy game, and it would be great, because the stylus on a Nintendo Dual-Screen Entertainment System is just like a mouse, really, and anyway people will buy any crap these days. So they made the awkwardly titled Final Fantasy XII Revenant Wings and released it, and everyone forgot about it. You forgot about it. I did too, until I played Tooth and Tail and I remembered being disappointed. Because that's how I feel when I play this game. Do you get the point? Well, let's continue.Tooth and Tail is sort of an RTS. Well, it IS an RTS in literal terms, but it doesn't have the things that make those games good. You run around and your army follows you or stays in one place, whichever. It's reminiscent of FF12RW. The units do not feel particularly distinct, apart from the designated highest-cost hero one. You chose your army at the start so there's no chance to react or change up your strategy during the game; you're stuck with what you got. There's only one currency so there's no choice in where or how to expand. Every faction is identical apart from how they look. It'd be fine as a party game except it's too involved for that, and it's too simple to be fun for RTS people. Also the map design doesn't exist, really. There's some setpieces in the single-player campaign, though there's also plenty of procgen skirmish areas; multiplayer maps generally don't inspire much interest either.There is some good art on display. Whoever they comissioned did a good job at drawing squirrels. Unfortunately the game designers are the important thing, and in my opinion Tooth and Tail is just not well-designed. You can play it, and maybe you'll have fun, but I mostly just got bored and unexcited. So there you go. 4 weird fox people out of 10"
,Not Recommended,286000,34916981,Posted: 13 September,all,mom,"the multiplayer is plagued with connection problems. in its current state, you cannot invite friends to join your game, and games against strangers end with connection errors more often than not."
,Not Recommended,286000,35017460,Posted: 17 September,all,Operator AERIS,"Tooth and Tail, First ImpressionsWhen one thinks of a recent RTS, a few might come to mind:Planetary Annihilation, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, Ashes of the Singularity, etc.Following pace of new games in the RTS genre, this game is fast pace with a bit of a story pulling it through.Now, don't get me wrong. There are defensive structures and ""bases"" in the form of windmills to keep your economy (food) going. These are important, but can't be your main focus through the game. There are some missions requiring you to only defend for XXX amout of time, but most missions require you to Zerg rush your oponents and ambush their economy (food) production as fast as possible.So far, here are the pros and cons I've found:PROSColorful pixel styled unitsEasy controls for mouse/keyboard or gamepadDiverse story missionsCONSNo unit descriptions (besides flavor text, no direct indication on what each unit counters)Some levels designed to be maze likeTutorial only explains movement and utilization of first faction you controlI'll update this into a full review after trying all the features (i.e. multiplayer). For now, the game does not seem worthy of the 20.00 USD price tag.Feel free to comment or share your findings or views!"
,Not Recommended,286000,34958869,Posted: 14 September,all,NoPantsBaby,Extremely simple mechanics mean this is not something I can recommend.It has a very interesting premise and a weird and twisted storyline. It looks absolutely gorgeous in it's take on pixel art.However it all boils down to a two button system with limited tactical abilities designed around short 5 minute burst gameplay. Probably fantastic in multiplayer where it's nail biting pace and human opponent will test you.However in singleplayer it's a dull affair with the computer basically ignoring all rules to which you are tied and being an absolute pushover despite you really not having any tactical choice besides zerg rushing to the enemy base.In short the game has good point and is probably fun in multiplayer. However the controls are beyond banal and the tactical choices are summed up with Zerg rush or Zerg rush quickly. Skip if you are only interested in the story and singleplayer.
,Recommended,286000,34907960,Posted: 12 September,all,Ace D. Brokenwing,Should you buy this game? If you like a game that puts a challenge to your APM and is made with a lot of love that you'll sense while just playing the SP in peace - Yes. Do so.
76561198012817538,Recommended,286000,34959078,Posted: 14 September,all,elevensapka,Best RTS games:1. StarCraft II2. Tooth and Tail   <-...
,Recommended,286000,35086372,Posted: 20 September,all,Satyrical,"Figured I'd give it a review after just about beating the campaign and spending several hours in the multiplayer, 'cause I do like this game quite a lot.Pro's:+ Simple Gameplay, Easy to pick up and be effective while having some more advanced tricks you can pull off.+ Nice Pixel Work+ Some actually pretty funny dialouge from the NPC's.+ Good Music, could use a bit more variety but overall solid and fitting. (Wish we had a vocal Darren Korb track though instead of just instrumental)+ Pick up and Play matches, only last about 10-15 minutes.+ Random maps make each game different, yet you have the ability to enter in seeds if you wish to play a certain map.+ Enjoyable Setting+ Simple Lobbies, no hassle to play with friends. Cross play coming soon too between GoG and Ps4 Players at different dates.+ Very open developers with updates on what they are working on.+ Very Controller Friendly RTS that dosen't subtract the quality of the Mouse and Keyboard and both are even due to the simplicity.+ Hoppers positive attitude is infectiousCon's:- The Random Maps. Wait, Didn't I say that was good? Yeah, this one is kind of a double edged sword. Sometimes it's great, sometimes it isn't.- Campaign is ""difficult"". Not ""hard"", but ""difficult"" since, as mentioned above sometimes you are at the mercy of the map generation, especially if you wish to be a completionist and get the Heroic Objectives. I'd say overall there's about 4 missions that this is criminally accurate to attribute to them.- P2P Connection means that if one player has a bad connection it can cause slow down for everyone. Unfortunately this is difficult to handle so I can't fault the game too much, it's just a bit of a bother.- Ranked mode also has random map generation, usually this is fine but it uses the 1 win = 1 Star, 1 loss = -1 star system. This means that if you are unlucky with map generations too bad.Overall, an enjoyable RTS that is definetly worth the asking price, and I'd jump to recommend to anyone should it go in sale in the future who has an interest in the genre, maybe even if they don't."
,Recommended,286000,34905699,Posted: 12 September,all,buckkmr1997,"very simple design yet very addicting and fun to play like others have stated do not let the simplistic design or controls fool you, it is a very fast and fun game to play, the humor and idea of animals fighting to eat each other is funny as ***. Buy this game very much so worth the 20 dollars would love to see something like Total war style but with this exact factions and units. BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!"
,Recommended,286000,34907969,Posted: 12 September,all,MerriGrape,"Tooth and tail is a great ""distilled"" version of an rts.It's very unique, in several ways, but to put it simply, it's damn fun to play.The game is made for controller basically, you don't have a mouse as in most rts'es, instead everything you do is controlled through a ""commander unit"", this is how you scout, build, and control your army, and it basically functions as your mouse would in other games.At the beginning of every match you get to choose a ""deck"" of 6 units, there's three tiers of army units, and then there's structures, and what you choose all depends on what playstyle you're looking for, and who you're up against.You also get to pick one of four unique commanders, each representing a different faction in the world. This is more of an aesthetic choice, since it doesn't affect your choice of units, and it doesn't give any special abilities, but that also means you won't be annoyed if someone else picks the commander you'd want, before you do.The gameplay is pretty simple, but has a lot of depth if you want to get good at it, you start at a gristmill (base), where you produce farms (resources) for food, and then place army producing buildings. You scout your enemy, figure out what they're up to, and from that point on you can respond, choose your next move. It's very much a game about keeping an eye on what your opponent is up to, you won't know what units they've picked untill you see them build them, so sometimes selling one unit to produce another can be a viable strategy, mindgames are encouraged.It has procedually generated maps both in the singleplayer and the multiplayer (with some variables to not make it completely random) which makes for a lot of interesting, different matches.The games is well balanced, every unit feels like it can have a place in your deck, all depending on what strategy you want to go with, and you can mix it up whatever way you'd like.As far as options of gameplay go, there's the singleplayer (which is looking very interesting story-vise) and there's multiplayer. You can either play multiplayer with others, or bots of varying difficulty. Up to four players/bots can play together, and there's even local splitscreen as an option.The game has a lobby mode for skirmish matches, but there's also a ranked mode that works quite similarily to Hearthstone just to give an example, there's several ticks to the search, and for each tick the search is widened, meaning it prioritises people around your skill-level first, and then expands outwards.Matches in ranked are still procedually generated, and you pick units like you would in a skirmish, and some would argue that for this mirrored matches would be better, but at least at the moment it hasn't been too punishing.The game is looking to get workshop support in the near future, which is exciting, and several members of the community are already talking about projects they would like to see come to life through mods, new banners and visuals, a possible mirror match mode as mentioned earlier, and a map editor.All in all Tooth and Tail is an excellent strategy game for those of us who might not enjoy a high apm gameplay and having to mindmax a lot of units and buildorders to be good, it still has a lot of depth, but it's easier to pick up compared to most other rts'es.It has a beautiful and unique style with the animal units, which might seem simple, but also helps make it easier for you to identify what's going on in the game as a player, which is a nice touch. The musical score by Austin Wintory is amazing and beautiful, perfectly setting the scene for the story, and each commander has their own set of music to accompany them as you play.The games are usually of fairly short length, at the moment of writing mainly around 8-12 minuts in average, so it's easy to pick up and get a lot of games done, instead of having to slowly go through a single match.If you're interested in rts'es at all, both if you're a veteran or a newcomer to the genre, I'd strongly recommend you give Tooth and Tail a try, it's interesting and unique, and even if you aren't into playing to be the best, the singleplayer story and upcoming workshop should hopefully still leave you with an enjoying time.As a personal rating it's a 10/10, I just love everything about this game, how it all works together. I currently have around 60 hours in-game, and I plan on spending many more hours, bettering my strategy, playing the singleplayer, and just enjoying what the community whill come up with.Who will feast? You decide!"
,Recommended,286000,34908035,Posted: 12 September,all,V3ntoo,Gorgeous!!( Austin Wintory pure love <3 )
,Recommended,286000,34948572,Posted: 14 September,all,[RK] Nero,"SUPER, SUPER FUN GAME!!!"
76561198040371765,Not Recommended,286000,34913112,Posted: 12 September,all,Replica,"If I could give the game a Mixed recommendation I prob would, but there is no such thing.The long and short of it, is that this is a grimdark as hell furry vore fetish cannibalism game essentially.The fact that it is labeled PEGI 12 is hysterical to me, truly. This is Happy Tree Friends and Animal Farm levels of dark.The lore of the land is that an unspecified time ago herbivore animals (refered to as beasts) all lived out in the countryside and sustained themselves on farming, while warlord predators lived in the cities, sustaining themselves on sacrifices made by the herbivore farmers.But a great blight destroyed all (yes, all) of the crops, causing all of the herbivores to migrate into the cities where (and I quote) ""a great feast began"", where myriad volunteers were chosen to be eaten to ensure the survival of society, this somehow led to all the herbivores prefering to eat meat, and also each other and their own families probably, because the plot demands it.In later time, this system is somehow sustained in two ways.1) Swine, who are sentient, talk, etc, are treated like property and goods, and are straight up farmed an eaten (Gristmills are in fact actually butcheries, the crops above are fed to swine underneath the Gristmill), they are the only ones who eat fruits and vegetables.2) The Civilized (who are a sort of religious institute led by a flesh eating giant moose) choose people to get eaten, and also eat many of their own converts.For some unexplained reason this is suddenly not sustainable anymore, and everyone are begining to starve, thus ensuring a civil war between the four factions.Also there was apparently a Tsarina who was a rat (?) that is implied to have been assassinated by the Civilized for reasons unknown, but she is really just mentioned and used as an excuse for green team to join the war.Anyway, you play as all four factions: The Longcoats (blue), The Commonpeople (red), the KSR (green) and the Civilized (yellow) in a (very short) campaign of 24 missions total (divided in 6 missions per faction).The Longcoats are led by Bellafide, who is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the Civilized choosing his son to get eaten (selfishly so, because he gives no hecks about anyone elses family being eaten, and none of his troops really care about his vendetta either).The Commonfolk are led by Hopper, a one armed rat, who is mostly mad about starving and the Civilized never choosing their own when selecting sacrifices.The KSR are the secret police led by The Quartermaster (who is a girl mind you, in case you were confused?), who are only interested in protecting the Tsarina and ensuring peace and order, but join the war because, well, she's dead, and the Civilized betray them because reasons?The Civilized, led by Archemedes (not technically the leader, but he commands the troops and does things), who are a bunch of psycho creepy cannibals who want to screw everyone over and eat well.Regardless, none of their followers actually care about the respective leader or their cause, and only fight for meat, going as far as constantly switching sides, etc.None of the factions are inherently ""good"", they are all straight up killing each other for the following reason:""Ew, I don't want to eat fruits and vegetables, only filthy swine and beasts eat those, I'd literally rather die and/or join a faction and commit suicide in pointless skirmishes so I can eat meat and cannibalize my own species instead.""That's the gist of that.--Gameplay wise (and overall I guess) I can essentially sum it up in pro's and cons here:Pros- Cute art style- Charming characters (Hopper is gonna be a fave for many for sure)- Good attention to detail- Great music- Easy to learn with simple mechanics- Good endingCons- Creepy and poorly explained convoluted settingIt piqued my interest, but there is a lot of ""what, why?"" and ""jesus how horrifying, the dev must be sick in the head yo"" and not a whole lot of explaining going on, there is even a stupid joke from the dev about it being so vague if you talk to a squirrel in the room with all the troops in the KSR hub.- Don't really get time to familiarize yourself with the characters and hubs.4 SEPARATE campaigns of 24 missions would have helped the game, chars and settings a lot.- Extremely short campaign, at hardly 8 hours if we are being really generous here (and that's me getting stuck on 3 missions for 3 hours total, consider that I'm not a god of RTS or anything either, I'm a drawn out 1+ hour siege warfare man, not a starcraft mcageofempires2 aggressive rush mobile defense pro).- Unit management works poorly in large scale/spread engagement - turrets are GOD in this game.- ""Soft"" time limit that punishes defensive play/drawn out battles severely, you turtle, you die. Simple as that.- Poor unit balance with some units being clearly superior, and others being memes and jokes.- Game heavily favors T1 healer + mook spam over higher tier investment - even Uncle Butter will eat dirt to T1 spam.- Awkward mission balance/difficulty, ranging from borderline impossible, to cakewalk at random.- Atrocious luck based map RNG, you'll see exactly what I'm getting at as you go through the campaign.- Poorly tested campaign missions with often bogus Heroic objectives, with good classics such as ""Protect 10 farmers"" and said farmers immediately being killed off the second you spawn, just to name the first best example.- Poor map variety, the majority of maps feel the same, the saving grace in the campaign is that each map has some sort of gimmick/objective that makes it a little different from the previous mission I guess?- The animation for the gristmill can go f itself, jesus christ, I don't ever want to look at this thing ever again.While I agree that ""endless"" and ""replayable"" are indeed words that exist within the english language, they are defenitely not applicable to this game. Just because a game has procedually generated maps it doesn't mean that each map is a magical fresh experience that will keep you interested forever, let alone for a week.The game shouldn't had banked so hard on the whole furry cred, multiplayer thing and marketing the concept of a gristmill spawning next to a hill instead of 2 trees and a river, or a player potentially (but probably not) opting to choose distillery brothers as T1 mooks over the lizards as a big selling point, and should instead have focused more on fleshing out the campaign and setting, and ensuring a larger unit and map variety.Then again, it's 20 bucks, it is what it is I guess.It wont really hurt to buy it anyway, suppose it's good for an afternoon or two, but you wont miss out if you don't either.Could always just watch a no commentary walkthrough on youtube or whatever.It's just a real shame about the lost potential.And also, no sass or anything here guys, but I'm glad that a good deal of you are enjoying the game as it is still, I sincerely hope the multiplayer stays active for you lads and that people don't like... forget the game within 3 months, 'cause that's sort of been happening a lot with games that don't really leave a lasting impression these days."
,Recommended,286000,34920942,Posted: 13 September,all,Frozendoze,"Hyper Fast Paced RTS, that you can play on the controller? Yes, please!"
76561198081815846,Recommended,286000,35058937,Posted: 18 September,all,Rentesh,"Incredible RTS game, extremely imaginative theme. Love it."
,Recommended,286000,34907398,Posted: 12 September,all,Ernst kushsteiger,Very nice.
76561197987568590,Recommended,286000,35010620,Posted: 16 September,all,Mind_power,Bunnicula crazy op...
76561197990537422,Recommended,286000,34939824,Posted: 13 September,all,witch doctor,SO GOOD
,Recommended,286000,34915035,Posted: 13 September,all,JD,I feel uncomfortable knowing the people I play against.
,Recommended,286000,35054030,Posted: 18 September,all,Uunileka1488,very gud
,Recommended,286000,35281041,Posted: 28 September,all,sam,"It’s always great to play a game clearly made with so much passion. Every aspect of this game has such incredible charm to it. The light and flighty music, the design and tone of the artwork, and even the small details like the imagination in the description of the units are all so wonderful. The world is what really drew me in. It’s a bit like if Redwall was set during the 1917 Russian Revolution. It is a great world to explore in the four beautifully designed faction hubtowns where there are lots of intractable objects that provide flavor text. Speaking of the four factions, each has clearly distinct units in the story, but in the multiplayer and skirmish you’re free to make an army list from any combination of the 20 different units, although some are unequivocally better than others.EVERY map in this game is randomly generated, even those of the campaign missions, which forces you to adapt and reshape your strategy every match. That, combined with the highly variable army lists makes a very dynamic and unique multiplayer and skirmish environment that’s great fun to just casually drop in and play. I appreciate that a lot.  All in all, this game is like eating drinking a cup of hot chocolate: simple, satisfying, and makes you feel all warm inside."
,Recommended,286000,35325632,Posted: 29 September,all,drod,This game is dope.
76561198120723997,Recommended,286000,35093035,Posted: 20 September,all,SoapyGecko YT,I never really enjoyed strategy games before Tooth And Tail And now im addicted to the RTS genre. The game is very well balanced and their is a way to counter every single strategy anyone can come up with. Got trouble with a mole rush? Just use a bunch of turrets or a bunch of squirrels. Enemy coming in with Uncle Butter? Use the freight union. The storyline is nicely balanced but the difficulty can spike at points so be prepared. I would buy any dlcs that come out for this game its simply that damn good.
76561198046056461,Recommended,286000,35191945,Posted: 24 September,all,ChemicalMayo,meh
,Not Recommended,286000,35117163,Posted: 21 September,all,Keno,"A cool concept for a very fun, micro-heavy strategy game. It could be incredible entertaining in multiplayer, but its single-player campaign is completely marred by horrid combination of random map design and static resource collection/survival missions. The result is that it often places you in highly indefensible positions where you are completely dependent on the map positioning for resource collection rather than using farms. To add insult to injury, the enemies in these missions can often build anywhere and come from anywhere. The mechanics do not support the kind of strategy game they have created and often results in missions feeling completely unfair until you suddenly win because it gave you a kind map layout. RTS skill aside, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and doesn't even let you feel accomplished when you do win. The regular RTS-style missions are interesting; they just don't matter when you're stuck behind a mission that belongs in another game entirely."
,Recommended,286000,35042371,Posted: 18 September,all,Dubious,It's a canabalistic Russian Revolution starring the cast of Redwall.
,Not Recommended,286000,35079792,Posted: 20 September,all,Harem King,"I paid $20 and only pinched my dollars to $5 an hour. There are some things that are obviously are not going to fix and the developers will need to find them if they want me to play any longer. This is not praise for a job well done from a showroom. This is the reality of somebody playing a game they paid for. Sometimes we say nothing when satisfied, otherwise we say many things that otherwise made us unsatisfied.Controls are not streamlined when they are not precise. Target Selection is based on proximity which is odd because the mouse pointer has no active role. Pathing of the units when called are always marched in a thin line of little resistance and not in a sort of formation. The interactions of the units make it impossible for some “professional” challenges to clear, such as “Not killing any farms” because units without a target will automatically attack the next target.Units have no defined strengths and weaknesses, therefore no actual numbers to determine balance is purely reflected on food cost. Some units are untouchable. Some units are unfit to win against other units of the same cost. Some units are purely going to be in every game deck while some units will be sidelined to oblivion. Decking a selection is ultimately going to lead to sorting and scrapping.The Campaign will welcome you at first. But when the missions will give you unfavorable odds of success by playing on rules that will never be featured in the Multiplayer it is time to reflect on how a hill just turned into a cresting wall.Multiplayer stability is an issue when frames are almost reduced by half to be enjoyed in sync for such a low process game. Three minutes on the timer feels longer than three minutes.The game has story, lore, and some quirks that make the interactives flow with personality in the Warrens of each faction. However the story difficulty makes a sharp ramp up at which reaching the conclusion seems unreachable."
76561198119792481,Not Recommended,286000,35011531,Posted: 16 September,all,Bane Canada,"Sadly - I would get my money back if I could. But I passed my 2 hour limit, so I can't.My comments are limited mostly to the style of game that I enjoy. This means, it may be exactly the game YOU enjoy, but for me, it's not there yet.First, let me say, the concept is great, the artwork and missions were very fun in the beginning.Control wise, it feels like a frantic button mash than the sort of strategy I used to love to play. I found that the random map generation went from ridiculously difficult (like fighting 3 fronts and getting whomped) to OMG, I just won heroic by accident! And I blame it all on the map cause I havn't gotten 'good' at anything yet. Being to make individual groups that can stay or go. Setting my creatures to guard the mills etc. Those would change the gameplay a lot.Being able to select my troupes more, (like Orcs Must Die 2) that would be a big change in the story mode.I'll keep looking into this game to see how it changes in the future, this has a real console control feel to it, which I feel will be extra challenging (even hindering) for the core PC players."
,Not Recommended,286000,35394633,Posted: 1 October,all,Ragna,"I was excited at first,but the game disapointed me.It is just too simple.Only one resource , only one way too win(zerg ultra fast swarm attacks),bland factions , bad graphics.It is basically a 100mts dash of strategy games.You win or lose in the first 7 minutes."
76561198166567041,Not Recommended,286000,35485317,Posted: 4 October,all,ImmaNewb,If your a season rts veteran then I would say that this game is for you however as a new rts player such as myself its just not its most likely not for you
76561198136394807,Recommended,286000,34906661,Posted: 12 September,all,Biz Blanco,BEAUTYFUL
76561198090769440,Recommended,286000,35000051,Posted: 16 September,all,yeti,It's like Starcraft for toddlers. I love it!
,Recommended,286000,35078137,Posted: 19 September,all,Sunset Shimmer,"This game isFUNIt takes thinking, because you constantly need to balance between expanding your economy, building your army, defending your lands and attacking enemy.It's rather simple in it's core, but so complex and diverse.I am not an expert in RTS, but I really hope to became one in this game.Also, pigeons are so cuuute!Multiplayer is awesome - you can play one on one, one against all, or in teams of 2 or even 3 people.While medium-hard AI is rather stupid and rushes his entire army, and tries to destroy you with his army of medic pigeons, it is still suitable for preparing yourself to real multiplayer experience.I also kinda like lore of this game.So, this game is awesome. Go grab it - it's worth it - it's also available on Linux!"
,Not Recommended,286000,34954080,Posted: 14 September,all,Tolekkeks,"Neat little Game, not worth 20€ more like 5€. Simple Mechanics and can be learned very quick but it has not much gameplay in it."
,Recommended,286000,35082312,Posted: 20 September,all,Guerreiro Anfibio,"This is game is a simplified controls RTS, but don't be fooled, controls are simple but there's a loot of depth in strategy and the single player campaign is really challeging in the later missions, requiring you to think new strategies to win. The art and setting of the game are great, and the HQ levels between missions tells a lot of the story."
76561198125204081,Recommended,286000,35091078,Posted: 20 September,all,KJRaptor,"I've always enjoyed RTS games, but at the same time I never felt good enough to be able to play online competitively due to the controls being hard for me to get accustomed to. This limited my enjoyment of those games because I felt constrained to single player and skirmishes against the AI only. With Tooth and Tail I find complete enjoyment. The controls are great and easy to get used to. Yes they are so simple that you are unable to set up a ""full"" two front attack. I feel that this doesn't take away from the game, but actually enriches it. The matches are set up to be bloody and short, and if you come to a stalemate one of you will eventually starve by running out of food and lose the match. The controls allow you get creative. There are ways to attack on two fronts, it requires a little thinking is all. The controls do allow you to manuever one unit type so it is plausible to send two different unit types to two different locations. The best part about the game is that there is a limit on the units you can bring to battle. In the campaign these units are chosen for you, in multiplayer you are able to pick any combinaiton of 6 units. This 6 limit cap allows people to experiment and try new compositions.  This game is well worth the price of $19.99. It's easy to learn and hard to master. This game is also very accessible to anyone interested in trying the RTS genere and anyone who is turned off by memorizing hot keys and feeling the need to have a high APM (actions per minute) to feel good at this game."
76561198003003967,Recommended,286000,34905790,Posted: 12 September,all,Croyd_Crenson,"Finally, a unique game that is also fun to play."
,Not Recommended,286000,35390218,Posted: 1 October,all,jgcrawfo,"My machine slightly exceeds the system requirements for Mac, but game is unplayable with graphics set to lowest.Frustrating."
76561197983645799,Not Recommended,286000,35192697,Posted: 24 September,all,Best Is On Water,"Bought this game as the ""test"" for a group of friends. Single player is fine. 1 v 1 is fine. But my review is in the context of ""should I buy this with my friend and play multiplayer?"" - The answer is no.Played the multiplayer for a fair few number of hours. Matches last a few minutes at most. Just not a fun game to play multiplayer."
76561198136977464,Not Recommended,286000,35214557,Posted: 25 September,all,snsemmens,Some nice thoughts but the controls are difficult and unintuitive. Figuring out which units to use when is difficult and never apparent. Usually there's a pretty clear rock-paper-scissors dynamic but I couldn't figure it out (and not for lack of trying). If there is one it's pretty subtle. Playing feels like I'm starting with little control and just losing it over the course of a game. Maps are difficult to traverse and the unit pathing struggles to get your central character around obstacles. Single player campaign tried to introduce concepts and strategies but always felt I was playing the RNG for map development rather than executing a real strategy.
76561197997986395,Not Recommended,286000,35183029,Posted: 24 September,all,Sevenless,"It's a fun little game. Quick paced and tactical. After an hour of experimenting it seems like there's a very dominant set of picks and trying to get creative falls flat on its face pretty fast due to hard counters. Out of 6 troop types, you get to bring one for flavour, the other 5 are basically mandatory.That said, there's no 2v2 matchmaking and I couldn't see this game lasting me more than 5 hours before it got stale playing solo. It's 5$ fun, maybe 10$ fun, but it isn't 20$ fun. I refunded it as a result. Grab it if it's on sale cheap and there's a new wave of players to play with, but wait for at least 50% off."
76561198403091187,Recommended,286000,35077851,Posted: 19 September,all,Time Crisis 3,dont feel like explaining but good game would rec to anyone
76561197966782189,Recommended,286000,35089161,Posted: 20 September,all,Leroy,Good
76561198068398108,Not Recommended,286000,35037753,Posted: 17 September,all,Lixes,As people have not found this review helpful I will be blunt the story is about 8 hours maybe 12 I dont know I will never finish it randomly generated maps with little oversight and no way to adjust the AI would buy for 75% current cost interesting lore about it really
,Not Recommended,286000,35246444,Posted: 27 September,all,azraellzanella,"Every mission is a Zerg rush mission, albeit with a cute rodent skin."
,Not Recommended,286000,35106727,Posted: 21 September,all,Olympian Red,"This game has a mission that's actually unbeatable, even after the patch. Half of my current playtime is trying to beat that mission after following several tips from people on the discussion board. Still can't beat it, and I'm not going to waste my time. I genuinely liked the game otherwise, but that is a dealbreaker.As other reviews have pointed out, there are several other flaws also. The randomly generated maps can and do screw you, though they can also help you if you game them. Sadly there is no button to restart missions, so you have to back out of the mission and start it over again when you get a bad map."
76561198044504740,Not Recommended,286000,34940019,Posted: 13 September,all,Statera,"this doesnt like an rts to me. Ive played rts where you are in shortended time to build an army and defenses or your ♥♥♥♥ed but this game feels pure rng and not real stragety. The problems i have with the missions in this game is that the enemy commander will ♥♥♥♥ing run around the map and most likely find your base within five seconds. then he will build an army within another 5 seconds and you lost. Also the main mechanics of this game are your armies ralley behind you but the enemy army doesnt have to do that? Its sorta just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t all around.Also the lore in this game is nonexistant. Its basically what it shows in the trailer as ""we are running out of meat kill things."" im sure there are slight bits of lore later in the game but because the rng missions are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid im not gonna get that far.Now my main absolute problem with this game is the unit attack and just horrible unit creation. Ok so first section in the campaign  you are vsing the civilized that will honestly just spam you with these like sucidal exploding squirrels which will destroy your base within seconds? What are your defenses? An slow shooting drunk squrriel, an anti scruture unit, an flamethrower unit, and turrets. Now the turrets are literally the longcoats best unit sadly they dont walk. So its sad. Now the drunk squrriels cost about 20 per unit and 60 to build a base. i think the anti scrture units are 120 per base and 60 per unit. You can see the issue. The game wants you to build up an fast army and attack fast but at the same time wants you to either defend or sell your scrutures.  Now if the enemy worked anyhthing like you did then it wouldnt be an problem. But the enemy acts like an normal rts and will spawn the weakest/strongest unit and spam you with them while you are praying to the rng gods for a good map and turrets to spawn with your base.So ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198071765220,Not Recommended,286000,35030455,Posted: 17 September,all,Squish,"> loads up multiplayer game>""oh boy I'm so excited""> other player's internet is so bad it took 6 minutes to get to the 2 minute mark> becomes obvious that other player is doing this on purpose because they mole rush me and get a gristmill right next to me to spam bullet farms-1/10 would not recomend until multiplayer is fixed, why there is no test for the player's network speed is unknownIf you just want to play just singleplayer, go for it, its solid... but not worth 20 bucks."
76561198091691263,Not Recommended,286000,35110722,Posted: 21 September,all,six,"starcraft with a slow moving mouse, small amount of buildings and limited units. Feels like an alpha, needs alot to be done to make it a game that ""defies the rules of rts"". Only good thing is the art style and story-ish"
,Not Recommended,286000,34913718,Posted: 12 September,all,Kluggy,Can't even play a single game. all 6 Games end in instant Disconnects. Also Consistant Game Crashes.
,Not Recommended,286000,34961642,Posted: 14 September,all,DagDurnick,"Simply didn't like the game. Spent enough time with RTS games with this style of graphics back in the 90s, that I just couldn't get into it.  Gameplay was random and uninspiring, even though the concepts and unit style was original."
76561198007425802,Not Recommended,286000,35468598,Posted: 4 October,all,happygreenelf44,"All these ""RAVE"" reviews for this being the next greatest RTS.....truth is, this game is terrible! This in NOT an RTS. Extremely disappointed by all the misleading reviews and lies about this game."
,Not Recommended,286000,35123216,Posted: 22 September,all,Bazza,Gameplay felt pretty boring and the AI were crap.Matchmaking has noone playing in my timezone.The story/campaign was dull with short boring missions that didnt engage me at all.I wish I could enjoy this game I really do.
,Not Recommended,286000,34982158,Posted: 15 September,all,Kraahkan,"Impossible to learn. Can't view the stats of any of the units, nor figure out what is good vs what.EDIT: A simple fix would be 1-2 sentance tooltips letting me know the function of each unit. I expect games to give me at least a limited tutorial on the purpose of a unit. This is coming from a casual player of Starcraft, Command & Conquer, and Age of Empires."
76561197960269006,Not Recommended,286000,35028797,Posted: 17 September,all,starlord,GET READY FOR AN UNBALANCE GAME. You have no idea how unbalanced this game is until you play it you will think its really cool which this game has a great concept however once you start playing multiplayer you begin to realize a trend of certain units that are the main focus point of how to win in this game which i get it you want to win but why have any other units in this game if EVERYONE is going to pick the SAME exact units remove the option to pick other armies and just have an option to build all units available because if your units dont match up against your opponets units then you can go ahead and quit 2 seconds in. FIX THIS STUPID PROBLEM!!!!!
,Not Recommended,286000,34915688,Posted: 13 September,all,Hamboniiiing,Not a very fun game and the devs really don't seem to have their stuff together.They announced GOG/Steam crossplay a month ago (before release) and it still isn't functional. Same for the announced PS4/PC. Not that it matters with invites not even working right now.There is no Linux version on GOG.2v2 games are playable but no ranked games despite that being an option for 1v1.No coop campaign with their marketing having such a focus on splitscreen and controller support.Region locked ranked for a game that has a very small playerbase.
76561198126549716,Not Recommended,286000,34953617,Posted: 14 September,all,Skjalgrim,"theres just mad cheaters in this ♥♥♥♥ing game like boatbuilder and boatbuilder0 and people who make massive units with out building anything, dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198166080384,Not Recommended,286000,34909700,Posted: 12 September,all,ElementalPhoenix,This gme is very lack luster I have been waitng to play this game for a long time and its just disapointed me with  not alot of content. the game is ok but dint recomend before more is added if they are going to do that:( BUT AMZING SOUNDTRACK
,Not Recommended,286000,34910829,Posted: 12 September,all,Elite,Graphics is ugly.
76561198019494567,Recommended,286000,34920625,Posted: 13 September,all,IceBox,"Really enjoying it so far. The game is very polished and matchmaking seems to work great as well. There's even a quite decent single player campaign.Just nice to see a game that feels ""complete"" in the midst of all these early access money-grabs :)"
,Recommended,286000,34911612,Posted: 12 September,all,Tacoor,"Animal people eating other animal people but forsake eating fruit and veg like it's a sin under some salad dodger culture.Pig people who are quite fine being murdered for meat, kept in a ""meat storage room"" and only referred to as a numberCriminals are not sent to prison but kitchens, the lower class are randomly chosen on harvest day.I’m sure the devs ment for this to be funny but I find this “world lore” highly disturbingBut besides all that, its a good game"
76561198200699866,Recommended,286000,34911613,Posted: 12 September,all,WillDaBeast,"I just downloaded the game and have played about 35 minutes and I can tell it is a great game, the story is well thought of, the graphics are beautiful and I plan to play it more and more as time goes on."
,Recommended,286000,34913068,Posted: 12 September,all,Gammashoo,"Not a point and click game, but you control a commander who has the units follow you into battle. It's a casual RTS designed with a controller in mind. Easy to understand with enough depth between units and map variety to keep it interesting.  Matches roughly last for 15 minutes and get into the action very quickly.Every match you get to choose 6 units to bring with you out of (currently) 20. Each being unique from quick sapwning cannon fodder, 1 unit elite creatures, to barbed wire and turret placements. The terrain has multiple levels of height and fog of war, including different terrains slowing you and your troops down, healing, or even damaging everyone.Quite a bit of fun, without a pain staking amount of knowledge needed to be good at the online play."
,Recommended,286000,34913019,Posted: 12 September,all,BrightYell0w,"Best RTS on steam by a mile, don't let it's look fool you"
,Recommended,286000,34914522,Posted: 12 September,all,Iggy Belmont,"i love this game, WWII+Redwall+Pikmin+Warcraft 3= REALLY GOOD RTS! BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198010276935,Recommended,286000,34927675,Posted: 13 September,all,Everoth,"I just finished the game and here is my review:Tooth and Tail was afun game that touches on a topic we would not normaly see. It was a very intense game with really good calculated dificulty, it has really good humor and an incredible comunity. The game is expected to continue growing, expanding, and fixing any issues. This is because the development team is working close with the comunity to solve any issues, so i know any that it has right now can make up for a great story and fun multiplayer.Now for people that are new to games, you may find this game dificult. So i recomend you finish the story first. The heroics stars are not nescesary. Dont get them right away if you want to just continue the story, you can always come back to them later. For people as compulsive as i am, fnishing the game at 100% it will be a little bit troublesome because of the way map lay out may affect you, or many other reasons.The multiplayer is the best aspect of the game. 1v1, 2v2, ffa, any fight gets really fun with people all over the world and teaming up or trying new strategies brings a lot of new strategies. And even if you lose, you learn a lot and keep getting better at it. I have not tried the crossplay aspect or the split screen yet. But i can assure that online multiplayer runs smooth and without a problem.So if you want to play a game that will let you enjoy war for hours in a new fun and humorous set up that will constantly have you on your heart beating. Try tooth and tail, it is not only worth the price, it is so good to see new games that can come up with new quality and creative games.Thank you very much for your time, and Pocketwatch games, thank you for the game and that ending."
76561198132560177,Recommended,286000,34942339,Posted: 13 September,all,N O W T H A T S J A Z Z Y,"Its been awhile since we last saw a good RTS game. And so far Tooth and tail shows us why RTS' are fun with the unique units and gameplay. you control you army through one animal you can rally specefic groups to bring with you on the offense or you can rally all your units your choice, but dont be reckless cause once your leader is gone its gg. TAT brings a good and original story line and beautifal art that is unique on its own. so far its been a good ride and hopefully it stays good"
76561198047752935,Recommended,286000,34922934,Posted: 13 September,all,Swag Lord Supreme,Really fun game. Fresh RTS idea. Games don't last too long which is nice. Really easy to learn but hard to master.
76561198006641136,Recommended,286000,34944794,Posted: 14 September,all,Hans_Hackfresse,"Lovely Soundtrack, crazy and weird Artdesign, minimalistic displays and controlls... this game is for me a little piece of art, one of those games, that brings a smile on your lips every time you play. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,286000,34972239,Posted: 15 September,all,Johangir,"Great streamlined RTS, catchy music, and the devs actually care about feedback instead of being ignorant lazy pieces of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198051701530,Recommended,286000,34972257,Posted: 15 September,all,marsdorian,"Simple AND challenging real-time strategy game with unique gameplay and story world.This vaguely reminds me of the Russian campaigns from Red Alert 1/2/3, except with four different animal factions trying to each other. Even the fake Russian and Soviet Style colors add to that flavor.Pros:- unique gameplay--easy to access, challenging to master.- grrreat story premise- fast matches that take about 10-20 minutes.- low system requirements due to pixel graphicsCons:- restricted strategies through basic control- unfair moments in the campaign through the random generator. You have to retry the same mission untilyou get spawned into a map with better chancesFor $20, this is a great & different RTS you can play in-between, thanks to the fast-paced maps. But warning--despite the easy-to-pickup controls, the game gets really tough."
,Recommended,286000,34971890,Posted: 15 September,all,HappyFeeto,"Fast and simple RTS game. Matches typically play out in under 15 minutes (often under 10) and have the same feel as other RTS games - plus it works very well with controller.Be warned that it is definitely an RTS, however, and comes with a little bit of a learning curve."
,Recommended,286000,34966831,Posted: 15 September,all,tyl.R,"I mostly play this game for the ranked 1v1 mode.  I enjoy that easy to learn hard to master gameplay.  The matches are quick and exciting which makes gives me that ""just one more match"" feel.  I actually like the random maps, they force you to change your strategy based on the map and gives games a lot of variety.  Outplaying your opponenet on a map that doesn't favor you feels great."
76561198009147631,Recommended,286000,34969022,Posted: 15 September,all,celphy,The competitive couch-RTSAccessible RTS with tactical depth. Accomplishes a respectable split betweenreplayabilityandpredictability.I spent most of my time in ranked multiplayer and the amount of strategies that are possible with these simple(r)controls is impressive.Short matches keep the frustration low and the variance high. I don't get frustrated even when I lose.
76561198030282651,Recommended,286000,34982510,Posted: 15 September,all,shiftingbee,"This is easilly the best RTS game I've played in years!Maps are randomly generated, you can't see which units will your opponent use unless you see the production buildings in action or ready to fight units near your base. Controls are super easy, but the game don't miss out on complexity. I like the possibility to shift strategies mid-game and fast-pased match orientation.If you're an RTS fan - do yourself a favor and try it out."
,Recommended,286000,34983346,Posted: 15 September,all,Wafflism,"Absolutely stunning game. Has a unique RTS styled gameplay, yet, easy to learn. Unfortunately, there aren't exactly too many players at the moment, but that should change as the game was only released a few days ago. Multiplayer is really fun, singleplayer is also good, but tends to get slighty more difficult as you progress. Especially to all you RTS fans out there, you'll love this game, or to those new to the genre, I'm sure you'll still enjoy it. It is gamepad friendly, as well as being able to play on keyboard and mouse. Neither have any advantages. Overall, I highly recommend this game, and I can definitely say PocketWatch did a fantastic job."
76561198069167030,Recommended,286000,34983763,Posted: 15 September,all,Muffin Man,"The multiplayer is a lot of fun. Bare bones, but no 2 games are the same."
76561198027589934,Recommended,286000,34982112,Posted: 15 September,all,LavorTown,You know Tales of Redwall? You know the Bolshivek revolution? Yeah it's a bit of that
,Recommended,286000,34983391,Posted: 15 September,all,Yeti,This game takes an rts and it simplifies the mechanics enough to where you arent bogged down with having to learn how to do 100 things at once quickly. Instead you get straight to the fun part of an rts which is the strategy aspect of the game.amazing game I recomend this game to rts newbies and rts veterans...... you wont be disappointed
,Recommended,286000,34983398,Posted: 15 September,all,XxHoboRampagexX,"Fun little game that brings RTS to a controller-friendly environment. The art style is on point with enough interesting gameplay mechanics to keep players busy testing different unit configurations for a long time. Short battles of ~15 maximum with local co-op play is a great mix, and an interesting dynamic to a usually convention-ridden genre."
76561198124543322,Recommended,286000,34984034,Posted: 15 September,all,GoatMaaan,The best RTS designed for consoles I've ever played on PC.
76561198229158540,Recommended,286000,34984799,Posted: 15 September,all,Kingofsnackfalcon,10/10 would recomend
,Recommended,286000,35000540,Posted: 16 September,all,Re_1i3f,"Fast paced RTS game that never forgets mistakes. Quite enjoyed multiplayer. Singleplayer has some missions that are quite challenging. But most of them you will complete with ease because AI sucks here. And interesting ending btw. 9/10, definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,286000,35002048,Posted: 16 September,all,marchfaster,quick and fun skirmish maps.  i like the artwork but i have friends who said it's not their preferred style...i hope the community grows because most of the fun of this game is in the pvp.
,Recommended,286000,34988461,Posted: 15 September,all,LordKieron,I've always wanted a video game like Redwall. This is close enough.
,Recommended,286000,34990373,Posted: 16 September,all,Aviark,"Very fun game, lacking a bit in stratagy as the controls have been simplified to about 5 buttons, but otherwise it's excellent.KSR! KSR! KSR!"
76561198071441278,Recommended,286000,34989304,Posted: 15 September,all,Schwifty,"Just started this game and kept playing until I realized two hours had already passed without realizing it! The story mode in this game is excellent and is both easy to moderately difficult, but can be extremely challenging if you want to complete all achievements. The best part of this game is definitely the multiplayer though. The variety units and strategies are pretty cool to play around with and the ranking system keeps it competitive."
,Recommended,286000,34990345,Posted: 16 September,all,Cohort™,"Its a ok RTS, if you're awful at all other RTS games feel free to pick this up for a good experience. The campaigns overworld and subsequent storytelling style is entertaining. Altho the actual gameplay, as you would be able to gather from the Casual tag, is seemingly bare bones and basic. Lending to very little tactics and forcing you to do but a few strategies. The game feels like it was designed with console or mobile devices since the mouse has little impact on the game pass the mouse 1 and 2 buttons. Slow pushing is a tactic that cant really be done all that well if thats your chosen RTS style due to the Fallout mechanic causing your economy to constantly destroying itself, this mechanic makes forces expansion and constant combat.I enjoy the games general story, theme, and use of animals. The only reason i even looked at it was because of the use of Rats.The game is ok, enjoyable, decent. Not a great RTS.Buy it and pray your giving of Earth Fun Bucks will inspire other companies to make more RTS games."
,Recommended,286000,34990641,Posted: 16 September,all,๖ۣۜFestive๖ۣۜRocket,"For someone with 3 hours of ToT and has never played an RTS, It's amazing.My friends say ""Distilled"" is like 10 minutes.We always take 20 minutes."
76561198306870884,Recommended,286000,34981575,Posted: 15 September,all,ben.curry,"Really fun, a must buy"
,Recommended,286000,34991000,Posted: 16 September,all,Rocket-Propelled Shark,"This is a fast and straightforward RTS with some unconventional elements that work very much in it's favor.The gameplay is tight and intuitive. Instead of the cursor you would traditionally find in other RTS's, you control a flagwaving character which you use to scout, place structures, and order your units around. At first this may sound like an unflattering restriction, but it actually works out quite well. You always feel like you're in control of your army, and having played a few less-than-stellar strategy games this is definitely appreciated.I'm not usually big on multiplayer, but this game's multiplayer is pretty darn good. Matches are short and sweet, with a lot of variety to them. You choose which units you take into battle and lock horns on procedurally generated maps. This, combined with the fast-paced gameplay and nuanced combat, helps keep matches fresh and engaging. Winning feels pretty good and losing doesn't feel too bad.The game's setting is terrific. A sort of Redwall meets Russian Revolution where anthropormorphic animals brutalize each other in the wake of a horrible famine. The single player let's you wander about each faction's respective headquarters in between missions and hobnob with some of the off-duty units. There's a ton of personality and flavor behind everything and I love it.My only gripe is the story. The setting is great, but the narrative that ties the singleplayer missions together feels pretty flimsy at some points, with the story shifting between playable characters without much fanfare or any particular sense of accomplishment. That and the ending just sucks. I won't spoil anything for you but suffice to say, it's pretty disappointing. I would love to see the story expanded on with a real ending at some point.But when all is said and done this game definitely feels like more than the sum of it's parts. Give it a look."
76561198081475176,Recommended,286000,35124190,Posted: 22 September,all,Titian,"I like this game alot. Though I think it can use alot of Improvemants to depth, I'm really exited to see where the developers are planning to take this game!"
76561197993963605,Recommended,286000,35192275,Posted: 24 September,all,synes,"Wonderful setting, art, and humor. A lot of variety in the solo missions, and some of them are very challenging. Great fun overall, recommended!"
,Recommended,286000,35191729,Posted: 24 September,all,m⊕⊕- m⊕⊕,An absolutely amazing RTS game.It just feels good.It feels fun.Addicting.Short games so you dont burn up your whole evening.VERY easy to learn.If you're a fan of RTS even a little bit then this is without a doubt worth the money.
76561198001681784,Recommended,286000,35166315,Posted: 23 September,all,Nightboy411,"Haven't played for that long, but I love it.  It's story mode is pretty good, and the multiplayer is great.  You should get this game, especially if your friend(s) have the game or want the game."
,Recommended,286000,35163742,Posted: 23 September,all,Refueled,"amazing rts, not too many bugs, sometimes the lobby wont start when all ready just requires to re ready up. the game is different for rts. has a unique way of playstyle. fun quick matches."
76561198037899000,Recommended,286000,35159560,Posted: 23 September,all,Backen,"This is an excellent entry-point for anyone who has been interested in the RTS genre, but been dissuaded from dipping into it due to them often being time-consuming and unmanagable. It is also a great game for any RTS veteran like me as it takes what I love about RTS and handily removes the fluff and gives you the very essentials of what makes a good real-time strategy game.But that does not mean the game is easy or lacking depth. Make no mistake, Tooth and Tail makes great use of a couple key mechanics that ensure quick games, punish turtling and the small unit roster has ended up not feeling small at all. Every unit is interesting and capable, with clear strengths and weaknesses, which allows for deep strategies and counter-plays.The game comes with a good and varied single-player campaign which has an interesting story arc. There are oth online and offline multiplayer options, and local as well where two players can split-screen which I haven't seen in a game in ages. For offline play the bots put up a decent fight and are good target practice before stepping onto the online ladder.A couple things I liked:1. Random maps mean that no game feels exactly the same. You don't run across Summoner's Rift or whatever a hundred times.2. The unit roster seems small but each has an important role and defined function, meaning that no matter how you set up your army you will have strengths and weaknesses. This leaves a lot of room for experimenting with strategies which is great.3. The theme is unique and great, the art is very nice to look at and the pixel-art gets the job done and then some.4. The mini-gun toting badger is mega-fun.However, the game has some issues:1. Some of the campagin missions are poorly balanced and I felt that I could win or lose much based on how the random map generator set up my start.2. Same goes for multiplayer, every map is unique and random. Sometimes you can start with a cliff overlooking your base which is easily exploited, which leads to cheap wins and losses. However if you take ladder seriously this should even out over time, but this type of randomness is never really fun.Once those issues are ironed out the game will become much better for it. Still a hearty recommendation from me, I wish this game does well."
,Recommended,286000,34923578,Posted: 13 September,all,Globalnet,"TL;DR : Purchase the game if you like RTS games, curious about them but are afraid of their high skill-floor or a bit of both. With it's charming art style, decently gripping story and stellar soundtrack; there is a lot to experience here and it is definetely priced just right.AVENGE THE MORSELED-INNOCENT! SEIZE THE MEANS OF CONSUMPTION! FEAST THROUGH SUPERIORITY! RESTORE THE STATUS-QUOTA!Tooth and Tail is an attempt at distilling the fearce and sporatic RTS genre in a ""easy to pick up, hard to master"" fashion. It attempts to do so by creating an APM bottleneck, units are only moved via the commander unit. A physical unit that moves around to command the army. This highlights macro based strategies more than any other RTS currently available while still giving the adrenaline rush that Starcraft or Command and Conquer create.This system means that even controller based players have a equal (if not superior[depending on your preffered strategy]) control method. After all, whats the advantage if you cannot flick your mouse to micromanage your army from one side to the other.Addmitingly, this does take abit to get used to as a veteran RTS player. You tend to hold down the move key which forces the units to hold fire. Focus Firing units requires you to put your own commander's life on the line (Luckily they're sufficiently tanky when they need to be). Not being able to see what exactly is going on in the map makes judging how many troops to retreat back hard and other similiar problems.But this things are but just quirks that even add a bit of mechanical flavor to the game. Much like Company of Heroes' cover system and Homeworld's Z based movement system gives it the unique gameplay experience so too does Tooth and Tail's main unit control mechanic. It is a superb breath of fresh air and dare I say resolves a big barrier to entry for most people. Afterall, once someone sees a seasoned Starcraft 2 player humm away at the keyboard; only the daring stay for a match.The rest of the game is not forgotten. Tooth and Tail's atmosphere is also equally as superb. World building is obviously important to the development team. A made-up language, pleasant character designs and an amazing soundtrack paints a intruguing picture of this world, with it's own mirrors to early 20th Century politics.(Abeit a slight overexaggeration of them)"
76561198008000812,Recommended,286000,34923479,Posted: 13 September,all,AhornDelfin,"The game really boils down what parts of a RTS game are important and makes it accessible, but preserves the depth you expect from a strategy title."
76561198054005124,Recommended,286000,34963957,Posted: 14 September,all,Ghost Ravenstorm,"Interesting new twist on RTS mechanics; bad execution in map design.It's fun to play, but I often find myself restarting the missions over and over to generate a map where the AI doesn't have a very distict advantage which begins to get very frustating. The mission's difficulty totally depends on map RNG. Once you appease RNJesus, this is really fun."
76561198030517593,Recommended,286000,35028304,Posted: 17 September,all,Steinwill,"Just finished the story mode and I really loved the gritty world and story, the missions where fun and interesting (with a few exeptions) the music was thematic and exellent and beeing a long time fan of the artist I ofcourse loved the art of the game^^And the RTS in this game is perhaps abit simple but it's easy to pickup and the matches are fun and quick^^"
,Recommended,286000,35047892,Posted: 18 September,all,monkaMega,Quick and fun game.
76561198041002924,Recommended,286000,35034972,Posted: 17 September,all,Optimistic Redshirt,"Its a fun game, but the campaign gets unreasonably hard after you reach the KSR(green dudes). I've spent about 4 hours trying to complete the second level, which makes me wonder whether it's beatable or not."
76561198018052709,Recommended,286000,35034811,Posted: 17 September,all,Happymush,"Seemingly light on the surface, this 5-10 minute RTS feels action packed and beautifully made. Enviroments, Sound design, and gameplay are all crisp and satisfying. Usually i am one to criticize a game based on it's resource collection/management, but in Tooth and Tail it feels very fitting to the atmosphere and mechanics of the game. Wonderful introduction to the genre for someone who doesn't like the micro and laundry list of duties in a traditional RTS."
76561198067552275,Recommended,286000,35054215,Posted: 18 September,all,Zayah,Great little RTS.
76561197970256673,Recommended,286000,35073145,Posted: 19 September,all,Joe,"If you've ever played an RTS game where you loved the strategy elements, but was fed up with the mechanical skill barrier - this game solves your problem. Tooth and Tail offers the full real time strategy experience with less emphasis on APM and more emphasis on actual strategy. The game is simple to play and understand, but still retains depth and nuance. A must-buy for people tired of the current RTS genre and looking for something fresh."
76561198088473303,Recommended,286000,35012403,Posted: 16 September,all,Keoni,"I have little RTS experience and have been having a lot of fun with this game. I think it succeeds at being accessible, while still feeling in-depth and challenging. Between the procedurally generated maps, and mixing up all the units for different strategies, each match feels fresh to me. The story mode is great too. I particularly like how you’re faced with new specific challenges as you progress, with the option to complete “Heroic” objectives. The campaign is very worthwhile on its own. Awesome game!"
76561198016758801,Recommended,286000,35071959,Posted: 19 September,all,Murph,"Superb rts game unlike any other i've ever played. Like many rts games the campaign is between meh to pretty good but works as a great tutorial. Multiplayer is amazing, I'm totally hooked. Litterally the only think I would change/add about this game is bigger maps  and more players. large 8 player game would be sweet!"
,Recommended,286000,35055454,Posted: 18 September,all,Qirin,"Unique, pretty and plays well. Three hallmarks of a great game."
,Recommended,286000,35073898,Posted: 19 September,all,a!bert,"Wow - what a refreshing change of pace.Tooth and Tail is a brilliantly executed spin on the RTS genre. I'm not sure anything with this vision has been made before.Instead of demanding 150 APM to be played effectively, Tooth and Tail values nuance, strategy, decision-making and micro that is more complex than first appears. To be clear, I'm going to primarily review the multiplayer, although the campaign is great. The campaign is a decent length, a good story, laugh-out-loud funny and impressively challenging.You control a Commander, that moves with WASD or the stick on your controller. You have access to up to six units, of varying 'tiers' and base defenses. You pick these anew every time you play, so you can experiment as much as possible.Each player starts with a Gristmill and four farms - out of a maximum eight per mill. They run dry after five minutes, which contributes to the fast-paced gameplay. Most matches are under ten minutes.It's a race to scout the map and choose your strategy on the fly - each game, the map is randomly generated.You overwhelm your opponent with a combination of micro, decision-making, and planning. As you play, you develop a feel for economic timings, for whether or not your army can overcome your opponents, as well as understand new micro opportunities.This game has only just come out, and the playerbase is small, but the developers are imminently going to patch crossplay with PS4 and GoG players, which will add to the multiplayer base.This game isn't going to replace StarCraft, but it does deserve it's place in the genre and is well-worth picking up if you enjoy RTS's and having a go at. The ladder is forgiving, each game is over quickly so losses don't burn. This game is easy to learn, hard to master.I highly recommend giving Tooth and Tail a try. It is worth the price."
76561197993138232,Recommended,286000,35056534,Posted: 18 September,all,Rimma,"Beautiful RTS, my Starcraft spirit rose from the dead. Very fast paste, easy too learn, but much tactical depth behind it. The game feels very rounded out. Also, the soundtrack is outstanding."
76561198036698985,Recommended,286000,35057435,Posted: 18 September,all,⊕ James. V,"It's clean and simple, the greatness of an RTS condensed into a package that anyone could jump into. Playing with friends is fun and exciting. The story is thematic and fun with a mix of easy and hard missions. But the meat of the game is certainly it's multiplayer, the platform they have shows amazing potential and I am eager to see what becomes of the game in the future."
76561198028926496,Recommended,286000,35116746,Posted: 21 September,all,Parker,Built Wheat Fields on Wind Mills. Used Pigs as Farmers. Ate Pigs. 10/10 Would Eat Pigs Again.
76561198006536283,Not Recommended,286000,35123707,Posted: 22 September,all,Nostradonus,Too bad you cant get a refund when the playerbase drops 300% a week after you buy a game.
76561198078488074,Recommended,286000,35400586,Posted: 1 October,all,LittleDoggy,"Good story, music, paintings, the atmosphere of this game is wonderful! And the game system is simple but not too simple, kinda appropriate level. There are some minor things to be improved but mostly, satisfiable!"
76561198040996626,Recommended,286000,35400110,Posted: 1 October,all,zero.the.hero,"Excellent game, I would definatly recommend playing with a controller though. Brilliant art work and unit descriptions.Once the KSR missions begin the difficulty ramps up quite heavily but still very enjoyable. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,286000,35395402,Posted: 1 October,all,simpliv,"Easily game of the year for me.The music is amazing, the story is satisfyingly unfulfilling and heartwrenching, and the gameplay is fast-paced and incredibly fun. There's no significant macro/micro like a traditional RTS. It's very easy to get into and relatively easy to master."
,Recommended,286000,35423769,Posted: 2 October,all,Il duce Benito Mussolini,'Making a physically attractive rat without sexualizing her was a tall order.'The devs speak for themselves.
,Recommended,286000,35502837,Posted: 5 October,all,Anguos,"As huge ""Sacrifice"" fan this game just makes me so happy. This is propably rts expirience striped to the bones, and yet with enough depth to be fun and complelling. For those unfamiliar with games like Sacrifice and Brutal Legend, the twist is YOU are the mouse ! literaly and well ... not literaly at the same time, having your screen locked to physical manifestation of your commander, this both opens up possibilities for sneaky maneuvers and forces you to pick your priorities : where you are most need now ?.Oh, and single-player, it's amazing ! While earlier missions are standart affair of regular gameplay with limited selection of units, later levels introduce unique rules and conditions, transforming gameplay drasticaly.And last but by no means least the world. It is rather twisted place, with some aspects having rather disturbing implications.All and all great package, for both single- and multi- player enthusiasts !"
76561198069614581,Recommended,286000,35515275,Posted: 6 October,all,mrjeffums,Its a simple RTS but it is really fun. It can be a cluster ♥♥♥♥ some times in 2v2 and 4ffa. The music is really cool and creative plus it will get stuck in your head. In multiplayer it may lag time to time but its not so bad nothing game breaking. This game is just alot of fun and the story mode is great. Some missions in the story are a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥just up hill battles but when u complete them u are like ♥♥♥♥ing finally that was difficult but fun. I give the game a solid 8/10 would give 9/10 but there needs to be a bigger community.
,Recommended,286000,35510613,Posted: 5 October,all,LessTalkMoreFishThemedSocks,"This game is a true example of the ''Easy to pick up but hard to master"" genre of games.Tooth and tail will have you happily farming away and building up food when all hell breaks loose within milliseconds.It will go from 0 to 100 like a stabbed rat.The pitiless economy system is so simplistic in its appearance yet there is a underlying depth to it that adds so much to the game.9/10 - Jovial and merciless animal v animal fun."
