user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197997186652,Not Recommended,286140,11522015,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Rice_Sandwich,"On balance I can't recommend Eidolon as it doesn't appear to have enough content to engage or direct the player towards any kind of meaningful experience. You more or less walk around, as the game description says, a massive post-human Western Washington. The art style is simple but effective and evokes the feeling of the great outdoors. It's nice to stand atop a hill and look out towards the sprawling landscape, often rendered in eerie mist, drifting cloud or scattered rainfall. You may run across the odd animal scampering across the forest floor.You will occasionally run across various documents and writings that reveal the game's backstory, which is quite interesting and leads one to think about what might have happened. My main complaint is that the game environment is very sparse and there are very few things that you can interact with, and it doesn't appear that you can build anything. While I appreciate that it's not supposed to be Minecraft or a survival horror, the lack of interactivity starts to grate after a while. Much of the structures appear in that bland, proceduarlly generated way that have little meaning or depth. It all feels a little like window dressing. A little more structure in terms of directing the player and telling a more cohesive story would likely have helped. All in all it feels like Eidolon is a game with a decent skeleton but a lack of any real depth. More content and/or player engagement would certainly tip my hand to recommending it.If you're the type of person who enjoys making up their own story and exploring for the sake or exploring (without necessarily finding anything, interacting with your environment or being rewarded for it), you might well enjoy the game. I'd sum it up as a sandbox without any toys."
,Recommended,286140,17104584,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Giraffe Cat,"What you get out of Eidolon depends heavily on what you put into it. It doesn't present you with any formalised tasks or goals, which I assume accounts for the mixed reviews, but if you're prepared to explore a large environment and piece together the story of what happened there from scattered texts, Eidolon is rewarding and fascinating. The survival elements are rudimentary enough that they don't make up the majority of what you're doing (And I feel like they are there more because of expectation than because they are integral to the design), and leave you mostly to explore and find your way around. I get that this is not what everyone wants from a game, but I got a lot out of it. It helps that it's often stunning to look at, too."
,Recommended,286140,11538202,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hariwulf,"This is the first time I decide to write a review, and the reason is quite simple:Eidolon is a masterpiece.You will walk in endless landscapes tracking the tales of the ones who once dwelled in this land. The ""story-writing"" is incredibly compelling, and you'll find yourself totally immersed journeying in this post human and beautifully rendered new world.The survival elements of the game are unobtrusive but deadly ready to punish the inexperienced traveller, you'll have a bow, a fishing rod, binoculars, a compass and no idea of where you are or where to go. You'll be lost, and happy to be lost. Eventually you'll start to find pieces of map, pieces of stories, pieces of humanity...Eidolon is a battue in which you'll hunt down the lives of those who are long forgotten, Eidolon is a struggle to survival, Eidolon is a deep inner journey.May you discover yourself, at the end of this path."
,Recommended,286140,12737293,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Odd Mutant,"“It’s a great, well written survival game”, I was told by someone trying to get attention towards the title. This isn’t a survival game. It has survival elements, but the general mood of the game isn’t survival. What Eidolon is though, is a walking simulator pushed to the extremes.You begin in the woods with nothing, and you just start… Walking.And walking.And walking.Until you see a cube, it’ll either be green or white. If it’s white, you get a tool to aid your survival. If it’s green, you will get a page or two to various stories that are scattered across the vast landscape.The tools add up, but you’re not spending most of your time working to survive, or even thinking about it. Food is plenty and it takes a rather long fall to injure yourself, and if you do, you’ll still heal over time. Animals are scared of you and I’m never witnessed an attack on my 4 hour playthrough.What you will be doing, is walking.And walking.And walking.And hopefully you’ll come across another cube.Now, the green cubes seem to be the purpose of the game. The stories they hold are really well written, some are captivating while others depressing and melancholic. From brain damaged cultists to people just trying to survive whatever happened, the stories draw you in and makes you want to read more.Now, you can find tags under said bits of stories to generate a green spectre that will point you to the next part of the story, but that’s about it in what the game tells the player to do. And even though it will point you in the right direction, they never indicate how long the trek is, and they can be long. Super long.It’s vastness may be the biggest thing I have against it. Now the idea of exploring a vast landscape is a great one, I grew up on a farm that owned 100 acres of forest, most of my childhood was spent exploring these woods, discovering things that resided in it.But Ice Water games have stretched themselves a bit thing to make this landscape so vast. I can dig a simple art style, but it’s concern about the big things result in a lack of detail in the little things. Flat surfaces and large, tall trees make up so much of the land and it’s lack of threat results in being unable to “believe” these woods.Although everything is not all like that. Once you find the desolate highway and blown out buildings, the game picks up a bit. The density of story cubes increases and the landscape gets interesting as you traverse through these ruins of modern civilization.I also should mention the music, the music is great. It sets the tone better than the artwork, from rustic acoustic guitars to roaring electronics, they tremendously help add the mood to your journey and the stories you find within.So overall, it can be a interesting experience. But it can also be a monotonous one. Don’t get into the story expecting the game to immediately point you to what you need to do. The stories you’ll read are great, and some will even motivate you to trek miles for the next piece. But the game could have really benefited from being less vast and instead try to be a little more dense.6/10"
76561198051385118,Not Recommended,286140,19421124,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DudeDuder,"This game has good atmosphere and an interesting story. I really, really tried to like it, but at the end, there isn't a lot to do, the mechanics are not great and doesn't feel like a finished product."
76561198085444664,Recommended,286140,17864639,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,HyphenTorpedo,"Eidolon is the sort of game you'll either love or hate. You'll love it if you enjoy a variety of interesting storylines, lore and exploration over a massive world that you can relax in, with a beautiful soundtrack to boot, or you'll hate it as one of those ""Walking simulators"" with not much to do and survival elements that are weak, if I'm being honest.It's a good game that could have been made better with more raw gameplay, perhaps being able to scavenge things from the ruins like sheet metal to build shelters and a temperature system so that you could keep warm at night. The notes that you find scaterred throughout the world are the most interesting part to this game, with some dating back centuries and telling the story of what happened to bring you the world that you see now. I'll say this; the story is not what you'd expect and is full of surprises that I'm still discovering, and it's quite deep at times as are some of the characters in them. The notes are spotted as floating green orbs that you walk up to, and you can find more by following the bird that flies above you or clicking on a story piece in your journal and following the green light from that. I would have liked them to be found through searching drawers or in the boots of cars, though I understand why it's done this way. Some of them are hard to read though, so a more 'plain text' version that you could have switched to would've helped. There's also a journal that you can write in and keep track of things, which is a very nice touch.There are tools in the game as well, things like fishing poles and binoculars, although you only find them as floating white orbs, which is one of the things that could have been done better with crafting or scavenging.The graphics are very... minimalist, and they actually grew on me. When I bought the game, I did worry about the graphics not being too detailed, but like minecraft's graphics they actually work for the game, though I can still imagine the world being real. Perhaps all too real at times. Standing atop a tall hill and overlooking the rolling forests and ruined cities is actually quite incredible if you find the right place, and the music completes it. The only thing I don't like about it are the animals; they look a little bit derpy at times.The soundtrack; oh dear, where to begin? There are dozens and dozens of tracks in the game, all of them suited to different places, there's a theme and ambient version for each place and one track for day and night. Some are quite melancholic and others are strangely upbeat or tribal, even sci-fi sounding at times. It's all very ambient and there are no combat tracks or anything too fast paced. They work for the game fantastically and I'd recommend buying the soundtrack for yourselves off of Bandcamp if you like Ambient, or perhaps Wilderness Ambient?I think having more dangerous animals scattered about would have been nice, I'm not sure why there aren't bears or wolves living in the ruins. Just something to make the game feel more 'alive', like it really is all abandoned and nature is reclaiming it.Overall, Eidolon is a game I would recommend if you don't mind walking long distances to collect more pieces of the story and if you enjoy lots of story and lore, as well as plenty of deep thinking and wonderful music. If you're looking for a survival game like The Long Dark, this is not it, nor is it a combat focused game. The only game that comes to mind as being similar is Dear Esther, although the two are still different. A good game that could have been a lot more, but it's got just enough to keep me going and has been one of the most inspiring games I've played in my life, hands down."
76561198161679363,Recommended,286140,14549863,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,badger.woman,"This game is unique, to put it mildly. I can understand how some people got bored with it, but, for the right people this game will grab ahold of you and not let go. At times, there is a zen-like, meditative calm in which you float thru this homely yet alien world, untouched by the ruination. At times there is the feeling of utter desolation and fear, even anger at the long dead people who have left you so alone, One night I huddled against the overhang of a ruin, hiding behind the firelight. The next day, I climbed a mountain and stood alone, open to the world watching the sun rise and set and the rain, fog and clouds swirled around me. With no clue as to who or what I am, I vacillate between a noble phantom and low, mean, wild beast. *ahem* Not many games make you wax poetic like this. Not  many games achieve beauty with minimalistic graphics.  And once you get past all that, there are the stories....the eidolons (that word means spirit, soul, phantom). You can follow one at a time or wander freely. I've by no means found them all. I believe that will take a very long time. Yet, the glimpses you catch of lives long vanished are so engaging and enigmatic that you are driven to find more. There must be an explanation among these far-flung eidolons.As for the practicalities, you can negotiate with compass and map, or let the terrain and foraging guide you. Both are rewarding enough. The basic survival tools are easy enough to acquire in the first few minutes if you keep your eyes open. There is no combat, unless you count shooting a deer or running from predators. The survival part of the game is basic common sense. Stay warm, dry, fed and rested. Armed with a fishing pole and a brain, this should prove quite easy.TLDR: Just buy it if you've ever enjoyed a poem and don't expect FPS killkillkill constant stimulation."
,Recommended,286140,11630830,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Bastwood,"How did I end up spending more than twenty hours in a walking simulator? I guess a large part of it can be attributed to the mystery. Eidolon is a game that doesn't spoon-feed you anything at all.You're dropped into the massive forests modeled after Western Washington, USA, with no equipment or directions of any kind. Soon enough you'll find some rudimentary survival gear and some documents left behind by people that came before. These documents, which range from personal letters to posters and diaries, detail the happenings of the area spanning an era of hundreds of years.And that's basically Eidolon - One document leads to another, that one to yet another, or maybe to a completely different story strand. There are about twenty different stories containing well more than a hundred pages total to find, all adding their distinctive perspective to the overall picture. How much of it will be uncovered is left to the player - as far as I can gather, Eidolon doesn't really reach any kind of a conclusion, even though all of the individual stories eventually will.Without revealing too much, Eidolon deals with subjects like posthumanism, transhumanism, mortality and what it means to be a human in the first place. The stories are well written and quite thought-provoking, as they should be, since they're the sole force propelling the player forwards through the vast stretches of wilderness.Eidolon requires a rare kind of patience. ""Vast"" only begins to describe the distances required to be crossed in search for the next scrap of history. It isn't just that the play area is absolutely huge, it's the lack of reliable maps and the presence of large, uncrossable bodies of water that will frequently require you to take the long way around and sometimes even backtrack several hours worth of wandering.Whether it's all worth it depends on the player. There's really not much actual gameplay in Eidolon - you need to occasionally forage, fish & hunt to keep yourself nourished, but the game isn't actively out to get you unless you get foolhardy. I found myself doing a lot of thinking and soul-searching while trekking, pondering about more than just the lives of the people on the paper. Eidolon evokes a profound sense of isolation, loneliness and melancholy that lingers.The game's atmosphere is further cemented by the excellent post-rock/ambient soundtrack that I count among the very best in gaming. Graphics are extremely simplified and minimalist yet frequently beautiful, unless you look at things up close. Technically the game does have some problems, ranging from flickering polygons and hitches while loading terrain to more serious issues like getting stuck and falling through the world geometry. Despite these issues, I found the narrative strong enough to keep on exploring.It's clear that Eidolon is a product of a singular vision with no input from focus groups or marketing forces. It demands a lot of your time - maybe too much for most - but for people like me with too much time on their hands anyway and a penchant for self-reflection, Eidolon can prove to be a very fulfilling experience. One of my favorite games of 2014."
,Recommended,286140,11566878,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Admanta,"Quiet, lonely and hauntingly beautiful."
76561198121627837,Not Recommended,286140,32144476,Posted: 2 June,all,Just sum Crab,"while the reviews do state plainly that this is a walking simulator I assumed that like everyone on the internet they where just too stuffy to appreciate a good experience and so I bought it anyway to try it out myself but what the reviews forget to mention is that this game was made with absolutely no thought to mechanics, art-style or world building, feeling completely unfinished and not even reaching close the standards of what a real experience should be. This ""game"" was made in the unreal engine by a team obviously well versed in this engine as every game they have published so far has been inside of it so this must have been their first game because the lack of ingenuity in the approach really show, the lazy, and generic polygonal art-style coupled with the underdeveloped ""survival Mechanics"" that literally amount to collect item, click into the horrible interface, and keep walking with no real feel of any consequence all feel like undeveloped concepts in what turns out to be a generic, uninspired bag of garbage that thinks that good sound design and well written albiet small snippets of story that lead nowhere makes it ""artistic"" and thats the worst part, this is a good game conceptually, you get dropped in a post-apocalypse world where the only clues of what happened are snippets of peoples lives, conceptually this could have been the minecraft meets the last of us game developers have been trying to make for ages but nothing in this open world feels finished or even looks finished, its all just an empty sandbox with really boring survival mechanics and little note's that could have built upon one-another into what could have been a real story but end up just being random storys that are as long as they are meaningful and trust me they are very short story's and I had to pay fifteen bucks to learn all of that because none of these reviews properly spelled it out for me, so while I can't get that hour of my life back i can at least tell you to stay the hell away and not waste your money or time like I did"
,Recommended,286140,11526197,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Professor Wowa,While I enjoy this game I can easily see that it's not for everyone. Here's my spotlight review of Eidolon.http://youtu.be/JEObRu5dmeM
,Recommended,286140,14787674,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,cutiecat54,"the landscape is completely beautiful. nice music. only died once. overall very nice and relaxing. love how open it is. lots of rain though. but hey, it's Washington. so far I've only managed to find a lots of mountains, a bear that I avoided by swimming across a giant lake, various bodies of water, and a big field of blackberry bushes and got like 400 of them. no buildings yet. also can't figure out how to use the fishing pole, I don't have any mouse buttons on my Mac.if you like calming landscapes, exploring, the outdoors, and being alone, you'd like this."
,Recommended,286140,21973821,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,shiaakuma,"This is a fascinating game if you are a patient person and if you go into it without thinking of it as a ""game"" in the traditional sense.  This is an exploration that will take hours and hours to complete, and I find I like it best in occasional small doses of a half-hour to an hour at a time.Graphically it's very simple and the area is extremely vast, so it can get monotonous if played for long lengths of time.  There are two ""hint"" systems to the game: clicking on a topic in your journal shows you the direction to the next document of that topic, and a flying bird in the sky leads you to the next closest document regardless of topic.  Unfortunately, the flying bird ""hint"" is sometimes obscured by the trees which may or may not be intended.There are many, many intertwining stories and with each document you pick up, you unlock a little more of that storyline.  But don't go into it expecting everything to be tied up with a little bow at the end.  You're expected to think about the stories, and the landscape, and the history of this area.There are some aspects of survival included in the game but they are very much ancillary to the experience.  You have to eat, sleep, stay warm, and stay away from wild animals that might want to nibble your giblets.  But the food is plentiful and the predators extremely rare (in ten hours I've only encountered a couple), so the survival aspect is an afterthought that is very easy to manage but does give you something to think about other than ""walk, walk, walkwalkwalk, walk more...""So if you enjoy walking simulators, are very patient, and aren't looking for an action-packed experience, and especially if you enjoy the discovery process of uncovering bits and pieces at a time of larger stories, you will probably like this.  Otherwise you'll probably hate it."
,Recommended,286140,11554847,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mr Saturn,"Given merely a notebook, some form of tablet and little to no guidance or information, Eidolon truly hands you freedom of choice right from the start. The stunning visuals, ethereal music and immersive sound effects piqued my curiosity right away, and I felt the need to explore this mystical land. I was completely immersed within the first 5 minutes, and after an hour I was hard pushed to stop playing.Eidolon is probably the best game I have played so far this year. If you enjoy exploring vast landscapes and slowly piecing together the story of the world around you, a la ""Dear Esther"" or  ""Gone Home"", then I would highly recommend this game to you.Also, this game has immersed me to the point of having an in game diary. I don't even keep a diary in real life. Eidolon, what have you done to me?"
,Recommended,286140,34138622,Posted: 9 August,all,Laurasaur28,"Beautiful, absorbing game... if you're patient and if you like walking simulators. Because you'll be doing a lot of walking in Eidolon.It's not hard to figure out the basic gist of the game: walk around Western Washington and pick up little tidbits of information that paint the story of what happened to the world. It's post-apocalyptic but doesn't really feel like it in most places. It's like camping.The key to enjoying Eidolon is to buy into the atmosphere and storyline. Explore! See what's over that hill over there. Learn, through trial and error, the limitations of your human form. Like it or not, this IS a survival game. Cold water will eventually kill you, as will starvation, disease from eating bad food, injuries, and wild animals. But none of those things are immediate-- it does take work or carelessness to ""die"" and even when you do, you respawn in a safe place. This is a great game to play when you have a lot of free time, because the more time you spend in this world, the more real it seems. I found myself getting genuinely frightened by a bear sighting and the sometimes-discordant music contributed to it, while other times I felt giddy because the weather and views were so astonishingly beautiful. I experienced several vivid dreams that brought me back to Eidolon's universe in sleep.While I appreciated the variety of the fragments, the sheer number of them made it hard for me to follow a cohesive storyline and eventually I got frustrated. For me, some fragments were impossible to reach without ""cheating."" A simple code allows you to fly, but i strongly advise against using it unless you absolutely have to-- maybe to cross a large body of water or reach a fragment floating high above you. Relying on the flight cheat completely ruins the point of the game.My biggest gripe with the game is that there is no ending. You just run out of fragments to find. I am someone who likes completing things, so this really left a sour taste in my mouth. I would have loved some kind of profound or emotional ending that ties everything together. But maybe that's the point: for the character (me?) there is no ending. There is only what will happen tomorrow, and the next day, and the next."
76561198031066591,Recommended,286140,13844651,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,cantseetheforest,"Awesome game if you're into slow-paced, open-ended exploration of a huge world with some very basic, relatively low-pressure survival mechanics. Everything about that is right up my alley, so this is probably the best game purchase I've made in the past year. I can understand how the gameplay style might bore or frustrate some players; and while the survival aspect is less than frantic, if you make a wrong move or two, it can also be brutally unforgiving.Eidolon is a relaxed game and has been described pretty aptly as a ""walking simulator."" You simply roam the vast landscape (really vast) seeking to piece together the story of what happened to the people who once lived in the area in an apocalyptic scenario and its aftermath. You can follow specific story lines from one clue to the next as you discover them, or you can just explore freestyle.The graphics are minimalist, but in my opinion they are gorgeous and beautifully successful at evoking the character of the Pacific Northwest. I rarely find myself being critical of the graphics. This is good for people playing on less-than-beefy computers, as the game isn't terribly taxing on resources.Staying alive in Eidolon is just a matter of eating enough and avoiding sickness or injury. There is really no crafting to speak of, and no building. Mushrooms, berries, and fish (after you cook it) are your staples; it's also possible to hunt for meat if you find a bow and arrow, but this is really difficult and I've only had one successful kill after a lot of trying. You can collect tinder to build campfires. Wounds from fall damage and aggressive animals (wolves, bears) are the main sources of injury, and eating spoiled food or freezing are the main ways in which you can be injuried, as well as from wounds which fester. You *don't* want to get sick from a wound -- the situation can get really dire quite fast.I've only found one bizarre bug in several hours of gameplay, and that was a deer that got stuck in the side of a hill at the very beginning of my game and couldn't seem to get out. The animal AI behavior is a little ""blocky"" and unnatural, but I didn't find this to be a serious problem since interaction with animals is pretty rare on the whole.Things I love about Eidolon:- Sparse graphic style and massive open world work well together in this particular context- The documents and maps that you find are beautifully designed and rendered- The writing with respect to the characters and their stories is excellent, some of the best I've seen in a game- Soundtrack and audio are atmospheric and appropriate to the game- The survival mechanics are not unnecessarily cerebral and convoluted just for the sake of being fancy, and are fairly realistic, e.g., it's a low-key piece of cake until something awful happens and then you're f****d.Improvements I would suggest:- A slightly (not greatly) more involved system for hunting and fishing. As-is, it's so basic and easy as to be unrewarding, particularly the fishing.- The graphics for manmade structures are not up to par with the graphics for natural flora and fauna; the discrepancy is pretty damn glaring at times.- A more nuanced system for moving from one story clue to the next. The clairvoyant ""Now that I've seen this, I magically know to go *this* way"" thing is a cop-out; a little more intensive writing and design centered around the maps and documents themselves would be more realistic and engaging. This was the only aspect of the game that broke my sense of immersion.- Some reviewers have suggested that the game needs more density of interactivity overall; while I agree that this wouldn't hurt, the sparseness and slow pace are part of the game's basic aesthetic and I wouldn't want to see that sacrificed for the sake of giving bored people ""more to do."" So maybe a few more interaction possibilities, but just a few.- I also think this game could benefit from a slightly more involved cooking system, such as the ability to make a few different basic campfire recipes with different special properties or bonuses for the player (cold resistance, movement speed bonus, healing bonus, that sort of thing).In short: one of the best games of its kind, and an awesome experience if you're into the genre and don't require a constant life-and-death struggle or lots of shiny, flashy things to keep you involved in a game. Kudos to the producers of Eidolon!"
,Recommended,286140,12590179,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,raixel,"I'm going to start this review by saying I'm most likely biased as all get out. You see, I was born, raised and currently live in Washington. While I have travelled and lived all over the US, I came back here because I LOVE THIS F***ING STATE! I will never leave it, except to visit other places, again. I love this place, and I spend a lot of time wandering around the backwoods and old growth forests (yes, we actually have real forests here) of Washington. The Northwest itself is pretty cool, but Washington's beauty and live and let live mentality overrides anywhere else Ive been.So with that said, the review:If you are from Washington, this game is worth getting because its set here, in some weird post-human land. But natural landmarks are recognizable. The first time I saw Mt. Rainier I was like wow cool. Theres also a neat story. Its medatative to wander through the wilderness, finding scraps of stories and piecing together what happened.Its also got a tiny bit of a survival aspect. You have to hunt and eat, you can get wounds or ill. Thats cool. There are also items you can find (a bow, fishing pole, ect) to help you on your journey. the art style is great, kind of pseudo-realistic. It works. The music is medatative and fits the state of the game and world.Now the bad. IMHO, there isnt enough to do. Its a walking simulator. Now I know the focus on the game is more the exploration instead of survival. Im not one of those games that needs constant high-stimulation of multiplayer FPSes or anything, but it just feels empty. Its cool when you find something, a story, a map, a landmark. But I had visions of being able to see (at least from a distance) the ruins of the cities around here, of the I-5 corridor or something. A lot of it, you spend wandering through endless rolling woods and mountains, ocassionally shooting at a deer or stumbling across a journal or hut left by a previous human. When that happens, its awesome. Othetwise, its just walking walking, grabbing berries and twigs for fires. The landscapes are pretty and fun to look at.Which is fine, but as I live here I can go dwander through the trackless wilderness IRL.Still, there is something undenialbly awesome about this game. The exploration and story is great.I just wish there was more to it. More things to look at, ruins to see, items and journals. Animals, or even other beings.Still I have to recommend it. Digital post human Washington!!! <3<3"
,Recommended,286140,14721747,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dr Kitten Rabbit,"I've played this game for months now, on and off, and still don't really feel like I've scratched the surface of the story. It's beautiful, it's relaxing, it's funny intentionally and unintentionally (I mistook a bear for an oil drum!), and the interactive nature of the journal is so good.I haven't found anyone who's interested in hearing about my explorations in real life, but to me it feels like I really am exploring this moody, misty land.I'm still in mysterious suspense and think this game is truly beautiful."
76561197970005390,Recommended,286140,28635393,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ptsochantaris,"I'm not usually one for writinng reviews, but the more I wander through Eidolon, the more I'm appreciating the magnitude of the effort, work, and love that went into making it, and I feel obliged to write a praising note.Eidolon delivers incredible atmosphere, a unique yet unpretentious art style, and a surprisingly involved and well-written back-story. This is definitely dead-centre on the slow, meditative, ""walking simulator"" genre space, so if you're looking for action, something you can complete quickly, or fast, densely packed drama, this is DEFINITELY not for you.But for those looking for a pensive, meditative (and surprisingly relaxing!) experience -with a fantastic, slowly unravelling, backstory to boot- Eidolon is it. Despite the surreal feeling of picking up ""clues"" that are just pulsing blue dots, or watching animals move around like cardboard cutouts, this oddly adds to the dream-like feel of the game.I'm so glad that indie developers are willing to put in the time and effort required to produce unique experieces like Eidolon, and I hope we see more from them.(My advice: Don't go looking online for story spoilers, not even for a rough ""what is this game about"" - go in for the atmosphere, if the style appeals to you, and let the story be the icing on the cake, the end result is worth it)"
76561198151758728,Recommended,286140,27390080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LordInnsmouth,"One of the most relaxing walking simulators I've ever played.  A meandering story-hunt through post-apocalyptic Washington State that kept me up too late on too many nights, telling myself that I'd find one more piece of the story before bed, and then next thing I know, dawn's starting to put in an appearance and I need matchsticks to hold my eyes open.10/10 Would fall asleep at my desk for this game again!"
,Recommended,286140,12444119,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SlaughtrHousJak,"1.5 hours in, and i can tell this will be a great way to relax. Perfect game when ya dont want to bothered or stressed. Check it out if you're shopping for a great time sink."
76561198044258921,Recommended,286140,27494876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ccjesper,"Holy moly, this game is awesome. I would strongly recommend it, but nobody except for me would actually enjoy it at all. 99% of the time is spent walking and trying to figure out where you are, and the rest of the time is spent reading and trying to piece together the story of the game. I love this game to death, I could play it for hours on end, but I'm pretty sure I'm in the minority. Please give it a try, but you'll either love it or hate it, with no in between. Also, keep an eye out for that bird. He's a helpful fella."
,Recommended,286140,11575153,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,cqdemal,"Eidolon is a game of many beauties. The refreshing beauty of waking up to a bright, peaceful morning with birds chirping in the air. The happy beauty of finding a cold little lake full of delicious fish under the clear blue sky. The natural beauty of the view from atop a long-abandoned mountain lookout post. The chilling beauty of remnants of civilizations past. The somber beauty of human tragedies and collapsed societies.Few games do loneliness this well. Few games give me chills from the mere glimpse of a fallen transmission tower through foliage. Few games can thoroughly excite me with a winking flash of something green far off in the valley below.If you want comparisons, Eidolon is Proteus times a hundred. Eidolon is Fallout's quietest, most touching moments distilled into an entire game. Eidolon is the colorful, still-alive cousin of Cormac McCarthy's The Road.Eidolon is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,286140,11595621,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,"CUM FARMER, HARVESTER OF CUM","one of the best games ive ever played. 10/10-beautiful world-simple controls-amazing soundrackmade me feel like i was playing a real adventure game;its like i was playing a game with no objective, and yet i feel like im havinga great journey through this huge world that i have no information about.it gives me nostalgia.*not for gamers who dont like waiting**not for gamers who like nonstop action and violence*"
76561197976782461,Recommended,286140,16984600,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Communist Hamster,"It's slow, possibly too slow, but it's very pretty and it has a nice original story.The world is vast, and if you've played Arma 2, it's the kind of recognisable vastness that makes things feel real"
,Not Recommended,286140,25025609,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Asynd,"Eidolon has very promising features. Soothing simplistic artstyle and mellow melodies are appealing.For about 3 minutes. Then you get hit with the ""survival"" elements, Hunger, cold, and warmth. To top it all off you have no guide, no direction, and certainly no objectives.I like Walking Simulators. I really do. But with the brutal survival elements, absolutely no guide or path and seemingly no final outcome, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,286140,24481332,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Renach,"I would say Eidolon is a love it or hate it kind of game. If you ADORE walking simulators and don't mind the somewhat brutal survival element, and very far-spread story elements, then you'd enjoy this game. If you need direction or a driven story, this isn't the game for you. It's almost TOO massive, especially when so many things look the same and there's no way to tell where you're going or where you've been until you happen upon the compass, and even then you're still fairly lost. It's not terrible, but it's not ground breaking or life changing. Atmospheric? Maybe, if you don't mind the overly simplistic art style and getting rained on 90% of the time. (Washington~!) Overall I didn't personally enjoy it, but again, it's a love it or hate it."
76561198095035476,Recommended,286140,12739301,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,supercook138,"Gives me the same feeling I had many many moons ago when I first played myst. I have entered a realm where the sensibilities are consistent but strange, food is food, rain is rain, action precedes concequence but someone has  taken liberties with purpose and function, arranging them to suit a personal reality. Some things  follow the usual rules, and allow your order to be imposed upon them, others, are not going to play ball unless you replace the worldly sensibilities you brought, with a more esoteric and playful point of view. This is a good game to occupy part of your mind while the rest grinds out a solution to real world dilemmas, or maybe you should occupy the cold and relentless gears of practical thought  with real world problems and let whats left pace the hills and search the corners of this game for the plain sight hidden path you must find.Perhaps I should stay..."
76561198012101069,Recommended,286140,12485896,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Puncher D,"This game has exceeded my expectations.  Many compare it to Proteus or categorize it as an art game or walking simulator, but I feel it is a lot more complex than that would lead you to believe.  I liked Proteus, though it was a small, procedurally generated island with no purpose but to wander around and listen to the music.  Once I'd seen it all, there wasn't much more reason to keep playing.  Eidolon is only similar in the basic retro look.  The territory is set on a map of the Washington area, which I might as well say because the cat's out of the bag on that one, and the territory is huge.  You probably won't run out of things to see and beutiful landscapes to cross for a long time.  If that's all the game was, it would be worth it for that alone.  There is the need to eat, sleep, and heal wounds if you get them, but don't expect it to be a very difficult survival experience.  It is very forgiving, and it isn't anything likely to satisfy someone expecting a combat FPS or roll playing experience.  What you will be doing is experiencing what amounts to a non-linear novel of personal letters that feed into a broader post apocaliptic story.  It's a story that you will have to piece together over a long haul of traveling.  Don't let the sleep poetry fool you; it is a tangable story, and not just someone's abstract artsy ramblings.  If you are patient and like to take in the scenery while experiencing a great story, this will not disapoint."
76561198098312983,Recommended,286140,11707751,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Aaron P. Campbell,Niggey This be a GREAT GAME.
,Recommended,286140,12254415,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crucifixion for Dummies,"When I woke up, I was alone. When I walked down the sweeping green hill, I was alone. When I first looked up to the sky I was alone. When I caught my first sight of water I was completely and utterly alone.I was alone, yet the world was full of life and activity. A gentle wind pushed along white clouds, foxes and deers pranced about in the water, there was the ever present sound of birds chirping. I sat on the peninsula where you find the fishing rod, and while I learned to work the damn thing (a simple right click and some patience) I was full of introspection.It was a while before I found my first tinder so I could make my first fire and cook my first fish to eat. I didn't learn the harsh lesson that the cold had to teach until I was on the brink of death. Turns out sleeping on the edge of a lake is not such a good idea.Well-rested, fed, and armed with new knowledge I set out in the direction I believed to be east. Or perhaps it was west. Maybe south. I had no map, no compass. There was no one to point me in the right direction.At last I found a little cube. A pleasant glowing green cube. It, like the fishing rod cube, glinted and pulsed in the distance. I walked to it and found my first trace of another being. It was dated 2225. The writer of that note was long dead.As I explored the world that I had purchased for fifteen dollars, I found more floating green cubes and was able to piece together a tentative knowledge of the world, what happened, and the people who had lived there. When night started falling and the time I could safely march in the world passed away, I found myself reading and re-reading those diary pages in the hopes of gleaning something new from them.In Eidolon I passed from introspection to inspection of others, inspection of the information they wrote on little scraps of paper.I am afraid I cannot provide any comparisons, I cannot say 'If you liked THIS GAME you'd love Eidolon'. There are simply no games I am aware of that are like Eidolon. If you enjoy a read, and a walk in the woods, and are a patient, thoughtful person, Eidolon might just be for you.Thank you for reading this far. Now if you excuse me, I have to go play Eidolon."
,Recommended,286140,13858167,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,citriccenobite,"This game is kind of like what would happen if Yume Nikki and Proteus had a post-apocalyptic baby. I'm somewhere in the middle of it and I love it, despite the fact that my fingers hurt from holding down the W and Shift buttons for 12 hours.It's very easy to get immersed in the sounds, sights and story of the game (once you find it, that is- it took me two or three hours of wandering to find my first note after getting all the tools). I just spent about three hours following one of the story threads- once you get enough notes, you can basically follow any thread you want to find out more about, and there's plenty of mysteries to unravel. The graphics are simplistic, but feel appropriate, and the music never seems to get repetitive.I probably wouldn't recommend this if you don't have a lot of time to sink into it or if you don't like walking simulators because you definitely won't like it. If you're ready to jump into a game like this, though, I would heartily recommend it."
76561198004409420,Recommended,286140,11801535,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,ErythorbicAcid,Do not pet the cougars.
76561197996925352,Recommended,286140,11620448,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,mister.mosquito,"Eidolon: Exploring a post-apocalyptic Washington State.What this game does well, it does very well. It paints an absolutely gorgeous picture of the Washington forest environment you explore. The game uses simple polygonal graphics but everything seems vibrant and alive. The music that accompanies it is also very serene. The story is intriguing, if a bit (intentionally) fragmented. The player pieces together the story through diary entries found during their journey. Each story chunk found leaves the player wanting more. Why did these people die?While Eidolon is great at setting mood/atmosphere, there is a lot to be desired in terms of gameplay.  The game has simple controls and a simple premise based on survival, but nothing is explained to the player. Even a small tutorial would have made all the difference. The controls (when mastered) are clunky and awkward.  Also, the animations of some of the animals you find is laughable (deer running off sideways, no leg movement).A big sticking point to me has been the in-game weather. While I understand that the game is set in Washington State, there is WAY too much fog and rain. The game has such breathtaking scenery, and this is obscured by fog 9 days out of 10. This also seriously affects the game's main mechanic of finding diary notes. While these notes do glow green, the fog seriously impedes any effort to find them.Overall the game has great potential. While it is a slow and plodding survival game, it somehow makes wonderful environments out of polygonal shapes and ambient music. It just trips over itself when it comes to controls and mechanics."
,Recommended,286140,18429617,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nemo,"To my surprise, I love this game.There is little, if any, action. There is no score. You don't level up. The survival elements are minimal.You are alone in the world, except for the occasional animal that might cross your path.To cover any distance takes a long time, as you don't run or walk very quickly. There is no fast travel.There are no vehicles, except for the rusting shells of cars.You may find the odd hand-drawn map. These maps do not have objective markers.  As far as I can tell, the game does not seem to have an ending.But what is left is a small beautiful thing. You take your time walking through a huge landscape, finding scraps of paper that gradually tell the story of a people long gone. That's it. The ambient sound is really good, as is the understated music. Even though the graphics are simplistic, you'll find yourself pausing sometimes when you discover a nice view. The starry night is perfect.In short, a relaxing/zen-like experience. If you like walking & reading, this is the game for you."
76561198002146979,Recommended,286140,26347447,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,panzersnapdragon,"A walking sim from before the line between survival games and walking sims was completely clear. I think having it tagged as a survival game on steam does it a disservice, as it's not a ""The Long Dark"" sort of game, closer to a ""Gone Home"" or a ""Dear Esther"""
,Recommended,286140,12698845,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sharkdog73,"If you are into camping and the great outdoors, this is a great game.  my first thought was this was going to be boring, but it's not bad; it's actually kinda relaxing.  The story is interesting, and I'm only a few hours (real time) into it so I doubt I've even touched the surface of content.Graphically it is minimalist, and I would like to see it be a bit better.  It doesn't need to be next gen graphical design, but at least a bit better to aid in the imersion aspect.One thing it doesn't have which I would very much like to see is a keybinding allowing me to look around while I'm walking.  At the moment if you want to look around while walking you have to turn your entire body.Given the caveat I have only been playing a short time, I would also like to see a bit more interaction with my environment.  Being able to manipulate objects and perhaps even being able to build rudimentary shelters such as lean-tos to further the survival aspect of the game would be awesome.Even with my 3 suggestions above, it is still a great game if you just want to relax and go fishing, hunting, camping, or exploring."
,Recommended,286140,25172994,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ron Khare,"I got this game for $3 expecting $2 worth of entertainment, but definitely got at least $5's worth.Extremely barebones, but still somewhat rewarding for basically just an easter-egg hunt for green shiny bits. I wish it was a bit more polished - a better audio experience would make a huge difference, just a little more immediate light changes (dappled light in forests, for example) would make up for the otherwise solid-color environment.Buy it on an extreme sale, spent an hour or two."
76561198067750036,Not Recommended,286140,13842054,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Fallbreaker,"Seems interesting wth a beautiful peaceful art style and music, but the game seems pretty buggy.I found a deer 5mins into the game who was stuck in a tree and I killed it just by walking through it. Then later I was attacked by three wolves and when the screen went black the game crashed.I wouldn't reccomend buying this game just yet."
,Recommended,286140,13961007,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Thairyn,"Eidolon provided me with  beautiful, personal experience in a variety of ways - wandering lost and alone was peaceful, following lost lives was deeply touching, and the freedom of exploration was ultimately incredibly calming. Even freezing to death with food poisoning didn't bother me that much. The narrative, visual and audio elements blend into a simple experience with a complex history to reveal, and you might not even throw up on the landscape that much."
76561198028467100,Recommended,286140,33585325,Posted: 16 July,all,meta4,"IN EIDOLON—by meta4, 2017To walk with aching bone and burning mind,across a landscape long of humans void;to struggle some—till food, tools, shelter find—by scraps of desperate record charmed, annoyed.Let wilderness post-modern tantalize,so close to high technology, so far;see forest taking back mankind’s damned guise,and hints of magic once again made par.The walk is long, and ignorance breeds fear,as clumsy choices cost hope’s precious time;still following the tale of greed’s blind weirphilosophize, obsess for whom bells chime.These truths may be what minds will linger on,to reap full joy and pain through Eidolon._____________"
76561197962277317,Not Recommended,286140,13920227,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,power,"Too much walking, walking, walking and well not a lot else."
76561198055741318,Recommended,286140,12508493,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Snomando,"Wow, I am blown away at the beauty of this game.  Its nice to relax, explore, and discover mysteries sometimes as opposed to running around shooting peoples heads off. Its also nice cause I live in a desert and this green hilly land is beautiful haha"
76561198157301250,Recommended,286140,12384098,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,dinohachi,"So addicting! I stayed up half the night playing it (and I don't usually do that!). The graphics are really simple, but that sort of adds to the feel of the game. I love how unrestricted the world is. You can truly just wander on and on forever. I can't wait to play again and find more stuff!"
,Recommended,286140,11571545,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Jaguwar,"Eidolon: beautiful in its simplicity, epicly lonely, hauntingly enticing. From vista to vista it pulls you along, and when you make a discovery, it's nearly impossible not to be entranced, enticed, induced into going forward to the next step, if you can find it.Little details make this especially beguiling: birds piping up as the sun rises; understanding that food is everywhere, yet it is possible to forget to gather enough to last a little while, because if you hold on to it for too long, it will go bad. Stars that shine down all across an otherwise empty and dark sky.Understand, the visuals are simple, hovering somewhere between simple suggestion and crudeness. This is an older child's rendition of the way the world looks, not quite abstract, and certainly understandable: you can tell the evergreens from the deciduous trees, the loaded blueberry bushes from the empty ones, a fox from a random mushroom on the distant landscape. And yet it remains perfectly understandable.It's been a while since I've been enticed to buy a game based solely on its release trailer; even longer since I've enjoyed such a simple game so thoroughly. Thumbs up!"
76561197981571638,Not Recommended,286140,14606064,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,LostInSpaceCamp,"Played for a half an hour, collected 200 mushrooms, binoculars, a four year old's map, and some wood scraps. Heard the same garbage soundtrack over and over. If I wanted to endure endless tedium for a tiny payout, I'd read more Dickens. 1/10 would uninstall again."
,Not Recommended,286140,11514792,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Saint Satan,This isn't a good game at all and is overpriced.  There are other similar games (The Long Dark) that are A LOT better.5/10
,Not Recommended,286140,16827461,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,azrealz1031,"First and foremost, it ASTOUNDS me that this game is 15 bucks. There's walking, and bland environment. That's ninety percent of the game. It feels like you have about six different kinds of flora, there's no such thing as grass, it's simply a green colored texture. The tree's are smooth with NO detail, and if they're too close to each other, they don't integrate, the just pertrude out of the other side of the tree next to it. You'll see grass floating at eye level above the landscape. There's no detail to anything, whatsoever. Seriously, none. That's usually what walking simulators have going for them. There suppose to be relaxing with beautiful environments, or a gripping story that unfolds with unique gameplay elements. This game is so far from any of those, it's ridiculous. The stories are pretty cool (as in the slips of paper) but they are so few and far between, it literally takes you an hour or two to find each one. You walk slowly, EXTREMELY slowly, and the ""survival"" aspect of this game is a joke. I've never actually died from anything, you just pass out. I've fell a good 40 in game feet with no consequences, stayed in freezing water for 3 minutes, and tried to freeze to death in the mountains. That's not why I bought the game of course, but at least make this ""thing"" have SOMETHING going for it. The devs didn't care when they made it, and the only thing the game has going for it are the memoirs you find... sometimes. The game's dead, and it's receiving no more updates, and it's ludacris to call it finished. This game isn't worth 99 cents, and this 15 dollar crap has to be a joke. Use the money to start a real fire before you buy this, at least you'll GET something useful that way."
,Recommended,286140,11559418,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Jonathan,"A real piece of art. Difficult to survive if you have an injury. If you like trees, you may like this game. If you like pretty landscapes, you may like this game. If you like nice music, you may like this game. If you like exploration and discovery, you may like this game.Play this game, it's really good."
76561198140904609,Not Recommended,286140,28678186,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,milkycloudzz,I really like this game but every time I get hurt or mauled by a bear I can't find a solution for it. I also can't find an antidote for when I become poisoned. There's not a whole lot about this game on the web... anyone know how to overcome these issues?
76561198008900293,Recommended,286140,21710319,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jasper,This is an interesting game. You basically walk around and discover a story as you find notes and things. It's a neat game.
76561198042266743,Recommended,286140,12263735,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ZhugeXinhua,Existential angst in the middle of the vast Washington wilderness.I like it.
,Recommended,286140,14051312,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sonja,"Pros:Oh my goodness, won't you just look at the stars? I don't think I've seen anything quite so...enthralling.Cons:Oh, what was I doing? Right, running from the bear..."
,Recommended,286140,12178187,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,jimht,"If you have a newer mac, do not buy this game. Frame rate is in the single digits and the developer is unable to fix the problem due to lack of access to the Unreal Engine 3's innards."
,Recommended,286140,21006575,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ren,"Guys, I got mauled by a bear. What's not to recommend?(Disclaimer: Not actually a game I'd recommend to a lot of people, to be honest. You've got to really, really just like walking around and exploring. But if you're like me and you do like that sort of thing, this is a nice, atmospheric little wander. Even then, wait for a sale.)"
76561198078663903,Recommended,286140,20666614,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The Key,"The game is overall great, I have suprisingly found 0 bugs, and it all runs smoothly for a peaceful and fun survival game with low requirementes."
76561198070301923,Not Recommended,286140,25274929,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JinEgg,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's too choppy to play on mac.
,Recommended,286140,11770382,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,supercrazy,"Speaking a word for nature, for absolute freedom and wilderness. The objective of this game is to induce oneself into attentiveness and the present moment. On occasion, Eidolon makes a gamified note about charged topics such as greed, isolation and immortality. It's this mediation that keeps the game from reaching the sophistication it pursues. Still a nice game though."
76561197992985917,Not Recommended,286140,25970315,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SmithDoc,I wish steam refunds had been around when I purchased this game.
,Recommended,286140,13122279,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TheEvilCam,Mushroom Simulator 2015 11/10
76561198044718311,Not Recommended,286140,11584096,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,nlink4,"This has got to be the worst $15 I've spent on Steam. I've been wandering throughout the forest for a good 1.5 hours now and there has been barely any gameplay or story payoff, other than picking mushrooms, berries, using a primitive bow, and lighting a fire, and some uninteresting notes that provide no context. There is no direction in this game as to what you should do or where you should go. There is also extremely limited interaction with the game world. You would think that this would be an invitation to explore the world, however, the graphics, to me, are ugly and basic. I understand the appeal of a minimalistic style of art, but after having marched through field after field of dull greens, polygonal trees, and ugly grass blades, it gets to be old real fast. There is no beauty in this world to explore and there are extremely dull periods where I'm basically pressing the ""up"" button as I march into nothingness. There needs to be more to do, more to interact with, something to drive the player forward. I finally hit the main road on the map expecting some kind of payoff, but nope, still waiting. The road looks unfinished in terms of graphic design too. Am I missing something here?Some people have described this game to Gone Home. This game is NOTHING like Gone Home, other than the exploration aspect. I loved Gone Home. There was a driving story narrative and alot of components that you could interact with to explore the story and the game world. Gone Home was also a beautiful game graphically. Here, there is literallly NOTHING to do and the graphics are BASIC. Even the items you find are represented in ugly little glowing orbs, instead of seeing the actual item itself.Based on reviews of this game, and the article from Kotaku, I was hoping for an exploration based game where you could fend for yourself and survive in the wilderness. However, I should have read the game tag, because it describes this game perfectly - it's a WALKING simulator, not a survival based game. And if I wanted to walk, I could go outside on a hike. I'd buy it if it was on sale for a few dollars, but I would not spend $15 on this."
76561197983747040,Not Recommended,286140,28263237,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Aimlessly bought this game and wandered around aimlessly. Died of boredom.
,Recommended,286140,31514668,Posted: 2 May,all,Genon,This Game is just Too Damn Fast!Give a guy a second to think!
,Recommended,286140,11516518,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Aon,"This game is really something special, if you enjoy indulging in the glacially paced."
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,286140,33709111,Posted: 21 July,all,Finger,"Weird game, hard to get into...I'd rather be playing something else."
,Recommended,286140,11916903,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,zachvm,"Although the video is weak and doesn't explain much, the game is absoutely ammazing. You are a character that has to survive in the wild by hunting, sleeping, building a fire, staying warm, eating and scarenging for supplies and food. But the biggest aspect of this world is it's art and how it is made. Everything is very minimalist yet beautiful with masses of terrain to explore. Worth every cent."
76561198031207419,Recommended,286140,11970640,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Granmal,Intriguing
,Recommended,286140,11969294,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Kovic,"Pushing aside graphics, Eidolon has something mysterious about it that makes you appreciate the game. Mystery is what surrounds this game and the narrative is what keeps you going. Eidolon offers you tid bits of information regarding what happened in this world, however it does it subtly and as minimal as possible that it makes you want to know more. Just the notion of being completely alone is haunting, yet the game executes it so well that you don't mind much anymore. It feels casual yet there is still a lingering feeling that you can die at almost any moment. The game isn't aggressive with it's narrative, it slowly feeds you information that keeps you interested and engaged in the world. You're given a few tools that are quite basic, however they're all that you have and it makes it more the meaningful.Pros:- General gameplay is smooth- Subtle yet engaging narrative- A casual game at best, however still has a survival feel- Ambient music is not distracting or annoyingCons:- Spontaneous seconds of lag every once in a while"
,Recommended,286140,19416797,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Xibanya,"This game is atmospheric and oh so relaxing. Mad props for also being a mostly accurate recreation of the Pacific Northwest. I was wowed by how beautiful a game with no textures and low poly models could be. However I would love to see mod support so that users could put in texture packs if they wanted to. Also I have to admit that at times I used Cheat Engine to up the speed of travel - I know that goes against the intended atmosphere, but walking across Washington state, even scaled-down low-poly Washington state, is a time-consuming activity."
,Not Recommended,286140,14344522,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Vertinove,I wanted to like this game but the environment is way too empty and the distances you walk are very long so as you can probably imagine it gets really repetitive really quickly.
,Recommended,286140,21166614,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,tabsterLasVegas,"If you played the game Proteus and enjoyed it, you may find that Eidolon is even better. I just played Eidolon for 4 hours straight and had to take a break for dinner.  This game is definitely worth getting for anyone who wants something relaxing and meditative."
,Recommended,286140,19853242,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lukegaming86,"This is the best game I have ever played. Its a little glitchy and you definately need a taste for it, but there is an inefferable quality of beauty to it."
,Recommended,286140,13136642,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ｍ ｅ ｍ ｅ   ｃ ａ ｔ,"This game is a game about survival, exploration, and stories of people who has lived before to learn the history of the place. This game is not for everone, but if you're intrested in exploration of a seemingly infinite land with many plant and animal life, survival aspects, and reading other people's stories that they've left behind then I recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,286140,11700418,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Willy A. Jeep,"Eidolon. An apparition. An apparition of someone? Of somewhere? Of something?Perhaps.Eidolon is an interesting little (not by way of space, but actual content) survival/story game. It is no DayZ, The Forest, or Minecraft, mind you, but it's certainly serious about the player's life. You can be attacked by bears and mountain lions, or easily fall to your death. Freezing is also an issue. Wounds can fester and cause illness, or you might starve to death.The exploration is quite nice for such a video game. At first, you are given nothing more than a journal. This might help you in remembering landmarks, if need be. Later, you should start finding maps of separate areas of the landscape. None of these will tell you where you are, but with a compass and your eyes, you should be able to figure it out.The story of Eidolon, while I'm not much yet into it myself, is something of a curveball. I'll go ahead and put a spoiler here if you don't want to read.Eidolon takes place long after the downfall of humanity, in Washington state. Groups of survivors were formed and settled communities, which you may find the ruins of. Notes are spread all around the world, telling of the people and the villages.Other than this, I've not yet found more.It's a wonderous beauty of a game, though. The graphics are simplistic and beautiful, with mountains rising up into the quite puffy clouds from just above the tree canopy. It reminds me of Proteus, which I also highly recommend. The feeling, however, leans me towards a slightly brighter version of Dear Esther, with the isolation and distant story.So I suggest Eidolon. Yes. It's wonderful, it's simple, huge, and desolate. Don't expect action, but be aware of everything. You might wind up with a serious case of anxiety when your leg is broken, you can't find medicine, and you're throwing your food back up thanks to an infection."
,Recommended,286140,11781837,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Shultz,This game is INCREDIBLE. The storytelling is so unique and once you actually figure out the movement/tools of the game its so relaxing. Definitely a game you would play coming home from a long day of schoolwork. Definitely be careful for any wildlife cause I got destroyed by the first bear I tried to kill....Lmao.
,Recommended,286140,25234003,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,sunsetcomplex,"To preface: I can totally see why some people wouldn't like this game. If you want action, or don't like exploring for the sake of exploring, this is not the game for you. That said, if you DO like freeform exploring and rich lore, then this game is brilliant.I figured I'd like it, but I didn't think I'd like THIS much. There is an incredible story to piece together here, and while there is often a lot of mundane walking around and foraging for berries and not doing much else aside from that, the environments make it worth it imo. This is one of the few games where the environments have been so lush that I could just wander around sightseeing all day. Eidolon does so much with so little, graphically; despite the low-poly environment, it never ceases to be beautiful. (It's also very good at making things look deceptively close, and then you find yourself freezing to death in a lake and praying you make it to the other side before you die, but that's just how life is sometimes).I've definitely only scratched the surface of the underlying plot in my 10 hours of play time so far, but what it presents you with is so intriguing that you just feel compelled to keep searching. It sucks you in. The survival elements spice things up without being overly demanding. I love Eidolon."
,Recommended,286140,25297469,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ditocoaf,"If the idea of navigating a huge wilderness landscape using a compass and some hand-drawn maps (which are each out of date by different ERAS of a long history) appeals to you, this game is for you. The other main focus of the game is in piecing together the mysterious backstory of the world, via paper scraps.The world is beautiful, the music especially is enchanting, and the story is compelling. The survival gameplay elements are trivial, and not at all the point of the game -- the point is in navigation, exploration, and backstory, all of which is slow and long and . It's a very specific experience, perfect for the right audience, and I am that audience.It's one of my most-loved games ever. If your preferences happen to line up with the sort of thing this is, I strongly reccomend it."
,Recommended,286140,14332715,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jædeite,"This game is really interesting and one of a kind. I like it a lot and it's very cute.However, there are some things that feel really odd and weird about it, like for one, I feel like I am a very short person, like a kid or something.My first experience with the game was a cute walking game. I was really hyped about it. I stumbled across a river with three dogs walking around. Since they looked like huskies and NOT wolves, I went up to them, and the orange one attacked me. Then I woke up at night, took two steps, and was attacked by another wolf, thus waking up during the foggy morning.There is no option to play this game on peaceful, and I feel a peaceful setting (Like the one The Long Dark gives you! The wolves are still in the game but instead they run away!) would have been a good addition for scardey cats like me who want to walk and eat mushrooms all day.Besides that I love the graphics, and can't wait to play more of this game when I'm not worried about bears and wolves 24/7. Hostile mobs in a game I play for exploration, specially when they are huge threats, is something I don't like in pure exploration games. It's why I can play games like Skyrim and Fallout, because you're armed and the game is about fighting mobs, exploring, AND story.Eidolon isn't, it's about exploring and avoiding getting hurt. There are no countless wilderness mobs you attack with your sword while crossing Washington on foot. A few attacks from some hostile mobs can hinder and hurt you, maybe even kill you. You only have one means of attacking mobs, with a bow and arrow, which I hear isn't a very reliable mechanism for killing things, and that fishing is much superior."
,Recommended,286140,17375411,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Eldrarak1982,"So this will be the first review that I have written for a game on Steam, and it's because I keep seeing this horrendous metascore of 64 (a failing score!) every single time I play this game or look in my library, and it's just not fair for a game this good to have a score that bad.So why is this game good? Well, first and foremost, I will say that this game is absolutely not for everybody. There are no enemies constantly hunting you down, there is no guided story. What there is, is a beautifully portrayed post-human Pacific Northwest, and you. Alone. Trying to figure out what happened to this land; to the people that must have once lived here.The story unfolds through diary entries, ""audio logs"" (written), and pictures, all collected by searching for green orbs called ""Eidolons"". It does not unfold in any particular order. It's up to the player to take it all in and make what you can of it.Some will say that there is a lot of walking in this game, and that is true. There ARE times when the walking is a bit tedious. But in a way, that aspect actually adds to the gameplay, because you truly get a feel for the environment and the sheer vastness of wilderness which used to be bustling metropoli, and have all fallen to ruin.This game is a fantastic way to relax. It's all about discovery and exploration. It's about trying to make sense of the bits and pieces of history left behind and told through the personal stories of the people who lived through these times. It's about contemplation. Empathy. Lonliness and sorrow. And in some cases, joy, for those people who your character has never met (but how you somehow become connected with) when you hear signs of them living a good life despite the calamities which befell these civilizations.If you are looking to just escape the real world for a bit and do some self-reflection, this game is probably for you."
76561198237435006,Recommended,286140,16915030,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,KMABradbury,"The gist of it: I love this game. It's exactly what I was looking for as an escape from more violent, real-world and story-driven games like GTA. It's pure, it's peaceful, it's nature and watching the seasons. The landscape keeps changing and you never know what will appear next on the horizon. You don't even know what you're looking for exactly in terms of story, because you're not told anything. Some people may not like this, and if so, don't buy it, but I think it's worth every cent.Okay, technical stuff first. I'm rather new to buying games, so as a Mac user, I spend a lot of time figuring out system requirements before I jump in and buy a game. For Eidolon, clearly there have been some issues with newer Mac models and graphics cards and so on, but I took a cue from a post by the developer on the Eidolon discussion pages, where he said that this game was tested on a 2011 Mac running OS 10.6, with ""almost identical"" specifications to Steam user quinn's:Intel i7 2 GHz4GB 1333 MHz DDR3Intel HD Graphics 3000 384 MBI use a 2011 MacBook Pro running 10.7.5, with the latter two of these specifications, so I took a chance and bought Eidolon. Fortunately it works for me, and it might work on 10.8 too, as most of the complaints I've spotted were from people running 10.9 or higher. It seems that, contrary to most games, with Eidolon it is actually an advantage to have an older Mac and OS, but the way in which this whole hardware compatibility issue is different with each game is still annoying as hell.After I'd played for about twenty minutes I quit the game, as I needed to go somewhere, and when I came back and tried to start Eidolon again, I got an error saying Steam was ""missing executable"". Eidolon's developer has also posted about this, thankfully, so it was easily resolved. I think it's also an error specific to Mac users. It happens when the game starts up for the first time and it asks you whether you'd like to move it to the applications folder. ANSWER NO to this. If you've answered yes, you can find the developer's solution in the forums, but what I did was just uninstall and re-install the game. I hadn't gotten that far yet, so I figured it'd just be easier to delete everything and make it give me the prompt again on first startup.First startup is a bit weird, you get a white screen with a beach ball and eventually the game just pops up. You can start playing right away, there's only one menu and the controls are very basic. I can't add much to what other people have said here about the peaceful and meditative nature of the game--I can only agree. It really is a very beautiful game, and even though I also like playing GTA and Assassin's Creed, it is a breath of fresh air to play a game where all you really do is walk or run through beautiful landscapes, pick berries and mushrooms, collect firewood and look for little dots of light where you can find bits and pieces of the narrative, as well as stuff like a compass. You can wonder around this world forever and not get bored. I really get into the rhythm of nature in this game: I watch the sky for the time of day, check map and compass for where I'm going, and listen to the sounds of the animals around me. I regularly take screenshots, because some of the sights are just too beautiful to forget."
,Recommended,286140,17394944,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Arelia99,I love exploration games and I am hooked on finding each of several story threads about this world. I recognize that those wanting a survial game will find this one too simplistic. Those who wanted action will basically not find any except for the occational bear or  dangerous cat. There is a lot of repitiion with the expansive size of the world but my need to get more and more details of the various stories keeps me going.
,Recommended,286140,17002990,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ruby Soho,"Okay dear review reader, you're probably thinking 'okay, another indie survival/walking simulator game in the apocalypse, grrrreeeaat...' but shut the hell up for a second. This game is deceptively good, and here's why:-The world is absolutely HUGE. See that mountain? You can climb it. See that island? You can swim to it. See that buildling? You can explore it. And it's not just there to look pretty: every nook and crany is filled with collectibles and bits of the story.-The lore and backstory behind the huge area you explore is very well-written and interesting, You'll become attached to the characters and ache to put together all the puzzle pieces together.-The music is incredibly chill and atmospheric and changes with your enviornment.If you want a really mellow, yet interesting game that contains an enormous amount of content for the price, especially from an indie title, give Eidolon a chance. Ice Water Games has produced an excellent open-world game that's well-worth sinking hour upon hour into."
,Recommended,286140,13963481,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lusmu,"Great atmospheric and stylized wilderness experience. Survival is mostly a non-issue once you find the fishing pole, but the game isn't about desperation anyway. For me, this was a journey of reflection. And of eidolons, eidolons."
,Recommended,286140,13833549,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nevermind,"Apparently, someone was playing Don't Starve and thinking: ""Man, I wish this game was more like Gone Home!"" Or maybe it was the other way around, I don't know.Anyway it seems silly, but in the end it did kinda work. Eidolon is a meditative survival game where you spend most of your time hunting for little nuggets of information scattered everywhere - letters, diary pages, etc, - and try to piece together what happened here. All the while trying to find food and stay healthy, which is not really hard at all.The story told by all those pieces is interesting, and there are a LOT of things to read. The only real problem is that the game world is WAY TOO BIG. This game even has an auto-move button, which s a sure sign that the developers care about our cramped hands, but are OK with us dying from boredom.To sum it up: if you like piecing together a story from scattered written clues, and don't mind walking 15 minutes straight from one clue to the next - you're gonna enjoy Eidolon,"
,Recommended,286140,13843653,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BlvdNights,"Although it tries to be a game that cares about it's narrative and ability to walk around freely, it has a weird juxtaposition with it's survival mechanics of needing to constantly feed/drink/sleep. Because of that aspect it really holds it back but still a very enjoyable experience if you want something a bit more meditative."
