user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,286220,12298590,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ConvictedofFun,"I'm not the type to really enjoy a JRPG, but there are a few that capture my attention. Pier Solar and the Great Architects is defintiely one of those games. I previously owned only on my Sega Genesis and I absolutely loved it. The visual appeal, the great music, and the immersive story. The turned-based combat is also pretty refined compared to others in it's genre. Pier Solar HD is essentially the same game but with better visuals, a remastered soundtrack, and beautiful backgrounds that bring the world to life. To cut to the chase, if you like JRPGs or are looking for an experience, check out Pier Solar HD. If you enjoyed Chrono Trigger, Earthbound, or Final Fanstasy VI, you will love Pier Solar."
76561198038334307,Recommended,286220,12298418,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Parzival312,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING, Seriously, If you've ever played the Megadrive release you'd know that, I'm playing this baby on my Arch Linux system. Who says us linux users don't love games? It's a great RPG with witty dialogue and a great story. I've been playing this release so far and am loving the updated music (Which was available on the megadrive release if you had the CD addon) and the updated Graphics. They definitely add to the game, the combat system is tried-but-true with updated features, what else can I say about this game? BUY IT RIGHT NOW, BUY THE DREAMCAST RELEASE. BUY IT. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198009115016,Recommended,286220,16606825,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sarahsauce,"I've seen a few reviews on here that were a bit too critical. ""I don't like the way the heal spell looks"" is one of them, which is obviously just nitpicking. Anyway, I absolutely love and recommend this game if you like JRPG type games. I've listed what I liked and disliked, and will update as I get further into the game.Good features:+ Stylish graphics, switch between HD or classic 16 bit look+ Great music, also able to switch to Sega Genesis sound+ Quick to get you into the game, very fun upbeat story+ Compatible with many controllers, even my SNES one!+ Adjustable encounter rate: fight more or no enemies at all+ Adjustable combat speed: great for when you're just trainingUnappealing features:- Steam overlay is bugged. Will move/select when typing.- The controls can be strange. Not game breaking.** Holding a directional key seems to disable the use/talk button in the middle of dialog. When using a heal spell out of combat, there is a strange quirk where I have to hit the up button to scroll left, but the right button to scroll to the right. This is incredibly minor.ALSO if you do have controller issues, right click the game on steam, go to properties, set launch options, and write dxjoy. This might make your controller more compatible. Be sure to map buttons once ingame of course.I'd like to add that games of this nature are very rare. The HD graphics have incredible, well-detailed environments with some classic 16 bit sprites mixed in. It's a timeless work of art; these visuals don't age and are very pleasant to look at. Give the demo a try if you are interested, and take into account that the bad reviews are only from a handful of people. If more people decided to try this game out, the ratings would likely go way up. In an oversaturated indie market, where some of the most lazy looking, blocky games are highly praised, I find it hard to accept that Pier Solar gets hardly any attention; it provides beautiful visuals, great music, a lovely story and classic RPG mechanics that are both intuitive and pretty satisfying.- Sarah"
,Recommended,286220,12450851,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Treidge,"I was keeping my eyes on Pier Solar ever since it was known under the ""Tavern RPG"" codename, as many of fellow JRPG genre fans. Unfortunately, due to many reasons I missed the opportunity to play original Sega Genesis release (as many of us too, I believe) and was pretty excited to hear that Pier Solar will be coming to more platforms, including PC, and even with enhanced graphics and CD-quality soundtrack! ""Now, that's pretty awesome chance to finally get to play this game"", I thought, and when it hit the Steam — the game was bought without a second thinking. Now, when the game is cleared, it is a good time to sum up my experience with it.First of all, Pier Solar is a good game. I will not be original here, but if titles like Lunar Silver Star Story, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy IV-VI make echoes of nostalgic tremble in your hearth, then you should get Pier Solar. It has many qualities of a great game - wonderful characters, beautiful graphics and soundtrack, interesting story and an old-school JRPG charm.You will be getting many random encounters with enemies (sometimes too many, he-he :D), looking for a treasure chests, crawl dungeons and oppose bosses. There's a bunch of fun dialogs out there, so keep talking with NPCs. Be aware that some of them have two and even three versions of replies to you, and sometimes it is necessary to talk with them three times to get an item or trigger some event.Now for the part that is not so good with Pier Solar. There's a few flaws in the game that may poison your experience - nothing too major, but still the game would be definitely better without them.Sometimes you will get stuck.First of all, the environment design sometime will get you wondering where you should go. Yes, maze-like maps is classic for a JRPG, but there's more than that to well-designed map. I often caught myself missing the path to the next location or route to another area of current map just because it was looking like there's nothing interesting (dead end). Be prepared that if you feel that you got stuck and there's nowhere to go next - you should look more carefully for a path. Oh, and there's hidden paths inside the walls. Sometimes. Somewhere.Second, the directions from the storytelling could be better. When you finish your quest in current location and should move to the next area, there was times for me when it was not so clear from the dialogs where should I go and what to do next. Most of the times you should just go to the next area, but there's few exceptions from this rule. Maybe I'm just getting too old...Third, the Sanctuary and the damned platform behind the pillar. Seriously, I will be making a small spoiler here, but when you will get stuck at this point in Sanctuary (couple of hours from the start of the game), look for a moving platform that is hiding behind the pillar near the room entrance ladder. I do not understand what was the point of making such design decision, but I'm taking it as a bad idea.In general, ""getting stuck"" was the most annoying thing that happened to me with Pier Solar. When you wander from corner to corner of the map and face endless random encounters, getting ambushed often and the game is not so quick in its battle system - it is not long when you will get bored from it. My advice is such — don't hesitate to look for a guide or ask a question in forums, you will get much more pleasuring experience from this game actually progressing through the story, and not from lurking in forest or dungeon.Well, that's about it. I can recommend this game to any fan of JRPG genre.Some tips for the game that may be useful:There's a detailed walkthrough by Tim Maurer at GameFAQs for this game. As was mentioned above, I advise to everyone who got stuck to take a peek on it (just in case :D).If you played Pier Solar on Sega Genesis you may notice minor differences with this version. Same goes for the Tim Maurer's walkthrough — it was written for Genesis version of Pier Solar and contain very minor differences with PC version (you should get the Beaver in the forest).There's nothing inside the regular barrels and crates (apart from very few hidden items in some special places), do not waste your time on them.Some walls can have hidden paths, look at the radar and to edges of the screen - if there's some graphics ""in the middle of nowhere"", most likely you can walk behind the wall to get there.Sell unnecessary items (primary weapon and armor). The inventory system is very basic and you don't need a mess there.Metal and Gold Coins, blocks, etc. is money. Do not look for them in your inventory, after finding something like this in a treasure chest it will just add to your wallet.You will get new spells at higher levels. Some spells can be learned only from the books.Look for the accessories that can halve elemental damage, they're very useful.Have fun and enjoy this game! :)"
76561198025301599,Recommended,286220,12305203,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"Reminds me a lot of Lunar: Silver Star Story, if you love old school JRPGs you will love this one for sure.oh the battle system here is turn based and it is random encounters.hope i helped, enjoy."
76561198008966025,Recommended,286220,13728920,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bluemage27034,"This game's a pretty decent old-school RPG. Characters are fun, environments are pretty, the new music is good (some of the old stuff is pretty rough, as are some of the sound effects). A few UI choices are a little wonky (like how you cast healing spells), but you get used to them pretty quick, though I did keep noticing my little gripes. All and all, pretty fun, I enjoy it. If it's on sale, give it a shot.Though there is a timing/platforming section at the magic school which I hate, hate, hate. For that infurating section alone, this game might end up burning in video game hell. You'll get past it after a stressful hour or two, though."
76561198043909366,Recommended,286220,14222198,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Stretchy,"Always wished there were more RPGs on the Genesis.  I'm glad the guys at WaterMelon shared that opinion so strongly that they made their own.  While the game suffered through development hell (the original Genesis version from my understanding... as well as this HD version which I feel like I waited a year after the scheduled release date to check out), it finally came.  It managed to captivate me in the way RPGs did in my youth.  I honestly didn't think I was going to enjoy it that much.A few notes:- Battles are reminiscent of Lunar both in the way of style and challenge.  Areas can seem gimmicky and lack variety in fights up until a boss or change of region, however.- Sound is wonderful and fitting of the game's environments and mood.  Perfectly done in Genesis style.  The HD music is even better.- The options to swap between original graphics and HD, as well as original and HD sound are nice.- Without listing all the reasons, I feel the game has some replay value (I can see 1 or 2 more playthoughs in the future for mehself).  Obviously I'm not looking at it with nostalgia goggles either.- The characters are likeable, which is good due to the fact you'll be spending quite a few hours with them.Overall, I'd give it an 8 out of 10.  There's not too many great RPGs on the Genesis, so this game is  welcomed by me.  I'd even go as far as to place it at my number three spot of favorite Genesis RPGs, falling short of only Phantasy Star IV and Shining Force II.  If you're a fan of those titles and also Lunar, then definitely try to pick it up if ya see it on sale, and give it a shot.Happy Gaming, friends!!"
76561198013723081,Recommended,286220,24216992,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Hello everyone. First off, the time shown is wrong. I have at least 100+ hours in this game totally. Second off, let me mention the minor bugs with this game and the one bad one.The worst bug is the Zephyr map bug. I wrote a short walkthrough that may bypass this bug. Please check the guide page for it or below. As for the other bugs, there minor and do not effect the gameplay very much. One of the minor bugs it has is the disappearing menu wheel, which happens sometimes during battles. The way to fix it is just push esc or some other button on your keyboard. This is probably has to do with the joypad on your pc.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=719111425Now, my Main review of this game pro's and con's:PRO's:`Interesting Storyline`Unique Characters`Skills and weapons differ for each characters`Side quests!`Mini Games!`Some bosses have their own theme music`A hardcore RPG. Some towns don't even have healing in them, and are few and far in between.`Side Areas that are not relevant to the story, but are fun to explore!Con's:`Grinding for levels and repition of this type...`The storyline waits till practically at the end to actually tell you what the heck is going on..`Some bugs effect gameplay, mostly small, but one big one at Zephyr map was game breaking..`Sometimes it takes awhile for the characters to ""talk"" in the game and you have awkward pauses at some points`No hints on what to do next...but as i said above, hardcore RPG. It does not hold your hand...this is not really a negative to me, but i know alot of people will want this, so  i put it in con's for that reason..I actually like the exploring aspect of games like this and how you figure out stuff on the map yourself.Final Thoughts:All in all, a great example of a classic RPG from the late 1980's and early 1990's. Also, this maybe a harder rpg than younger people are used to nowadays. This is how the rpg's i played as were young, so now you know how easy the games are nowadays, you young people! This game does not hold your hand. It does have a tutorial library in the 1st village (like FF games)."
76561198044152769,Recommended,286220,12307221,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cain,"do you love jrpgs from the snes era like lufia, final fantasy, dragon quest, chrono trigger? if yes buy this.its very clear the love that the developers put on this gem, from the music to the art this keeps pushing me back to that grand era of the rpgs and its not just a feeling of nostalgia, Pier Solar and the Great Architects is a fantastic JRPG on its on right. thank you WaterMelon for reminding me why i love this genre ."
,Not Recommended,286220,16967247,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MindfulOcean,"I love classic games and JRPGs in general.  I had been looking forward to playing Pier Solar ever since I first heard about the game, so I was glad to see a digital version available for purchase on Steam.  The music and art are both excellent, but everything else about this game is horrible.  It's not a matter of taste or me just not liking the style---I'll give anything the benefit of the doubt and I would continue to do so for Pier Solar, but I just can't go on.Here's what's wrong with the game:1.  The game freezes often.2.  There are input problems when playing with a controller.  The developer suggested fix did nothing to help.3.  The combat system is awful and battle times can be measured in minutes (usually 2 or 3 for every battle).4.  The design of the maps is terrible.  Everything--including the towns--is like a maze.5.  Often, there are concealed paths or platforms behind what is visible to you on the screen.6.  The story moves at such a glacial pace that at 6 hours in, I still don't know what it is about.7.  Nothing in the game seems to fit together stylistically.  There is a real lack of cohesion and everything feels off.I didn't believe the negative reviews when I read them, because most of the points sounded minor on paper.  They really aren't.  Please learn from my mistake and avoid wasting your money on this game.  It is both frustrating and lifeless.  If you want to play a good classic game on the Sega Genesis (which is what Pier Solar was originally designed for), check out Phantasy Star IV.  If you want a unique JRPG that is a bit more modern, try The Legend of Heroes:  Trails in the Sky."
,Recommended,286220,15861503,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Raven2129,"This game was made back in 2010 for the Sega Genesis by the developers WaterMelon. The developers wanted to make this game as if it was released back in 1994. Everything about this game is FANTASTIC!  Pier Solar is very reminisce to other RPGs of the time including Phantasy Star and Chrono Trigger. This game does have some issues, but every other game of that era had issues.I have beat this game once, but I will be playing this game multiple times."
,Recommended,286220,12307541,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,malkia,If you like JRPG (turn-based) games from the good old days - please try this little gem - it has much nicer graphics than the original and plays well. I've been playing it under my HP Chromebox (Linux + Crouton) and it runs just fine.
76561198054377417,Recommended,286220,15735417,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Doofuspants,"For those that love the JRPG game style its great.  Great story,great character development, 8bit graphics but the HD mode makes it much better."
76561198043355962,Recommended,286220,12323114,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jasonbb2,"If you like titles classic JRPG games such as Final Fantasy, Lunar, Lufia, Etc Etc, If you Enjoy Classic elements of JRPG's such as Compelling stories, Turn Based Battles, enjoyable Music then you will enjoy this game.  The wait was long for this game for the PC but well worth it IMO.  This game has classic elements to it that are emotionaly charged and fun to play through.  This is a classic in many ways and new in many ways.  If you enjoy JRPG's you will enjoy this game."
76561198143390685,Recommended,286220,32282463,Posted: 8 June,all,pianogrinder,"An oldie but goodie. Remember when RPGs used to be fun, and with good stories? Well this is one of them. Played the Sega version a long time ago.  So happy to see it on steam. Ah the nostalgia. This game is way too underrated and should be more popular. After all, Without these classics, There would be no Final Fantasies, or Skyrim, or anything else. Although FF12 was the last great FF game."
,Recommended,286220,22546357,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kishi,"As an old-school gamer back in the 8-bit/16-bit era, I never heard of this project until someone showed me their kickstarter  page in 2012 to put it onto modern consoles and devices. The presentation video blew me away with their excellent HD art and audio, let alone the amazing quality of the standard Mega Drive graphics and FM music too. It's a great first impression and, despite some nuisances in the game design, I enjoyed the time I had playing Pier Solar and the Great Architects.The good stuff about the game is pretty clear from the store page that you've just glanced over. It has some fantastic pixel art, presented in 3 different formats: 16-bit, HD, and HD+. I would recommend either 16-bit or HD. ""HD+"" looks just like HD but it smoothed over certain layers and doesn't seem to fit well with the other sprites. The animations are all well done for the most part too, considering this is a Genesis/Mega Drive title. Speaking of which, the music is equally satisfying in both the FM (Genesis/Mega Drive) and PCM (HD, dare I say it's MIDI?) formats. The music captures the mood fairly well in their respective sections of the game (jungle theme with repetitive drum beats and bamboo flute, check) and also have a catchy melody that you'll definitely be humming with. I initially disliked the music, but as I played more and did a quick 2nd play-through, I enjoyed it more. The boss battle themes are excellent!Now, the ""eh"" section. The game draws some stereotypical cliches for JRPGs as you would expect. The main character, Hoston, is a 16 year old sword-wielding botanist, Alina is a 16 year old archer/mage elf(?) that happens to be the perky, older sister-like childhood friend, and Edessot, the 13 year old mad scientist that uses gadget-y weapons. He can also toss stones, bombs, and dynamites at enemies too. You'll meet three other characters along the way to help them fight the good fight. The story is quite interesting, but also confusing as well. A lot of questionable philosophical decisions will suddenly be thrust upon the characters later in the game that will make your head scratch. You can blame the poor pacing for that. The dialogue throughout the game was entertaining and even funny for the most part. I did have the issue of face-palming myself and saying ""oh c'mon, it's so obvious who that person is..."" a few times andwhen Alina, your childhood elf friend with point-y ears, suddenly announces that she and her parents, who are clearly human with their round ears, are unrelated and the rest of the party is shocked to hear about it.The battles in this game are quite repetitive, but what RPG isn't these days, really? You have the typical attack, spells, defend/cover/counter, items, and a ""Gather"", which is like a power boost, maxing out at 5. The most powerful spells will require 5 gathers, but, not only that, the amount of Gathers also increases the character's power too. 5 Gathers grants a 4x damage increase to all attacks and healing abilities, so maxing that out in boss battles is crucial. Problem is, the characters will lose those Gathers as they are hit by enemy attacks and, if you happen to use a spell or attack that required 5, but they're at 4 after the attack, they just spin and do nothing that round. Characters also lose those Gathers after the battle is over, so you'll constantly have to build them up every battle. Overall, I found the battles to be rather easy due to the elemental attacks that most enemies have and the ability to equip elemental accessories to halve their damage throughout the game, including the bosses! Feathers, Towels, Dragon Tooth, and Weights are your best friend! (+ Vaccines in the end game)Now the bad stuff...-Unskippable opening & ending creditsThe opening isn't a problem, but the ending credits....IT'S 30+ MINUTES LONG, HALF OF THAT IS KICKSTARTER BACKERS. You have to sit through this in order to do a New Game+ too!-""Path-finding""The movement in this game pretty bad, so I can see why there's a ""Path-finding"" option available. Turned on, it automatically bypasses solid (non-passable objects) by going around them without you having to move around it yourself. The AI for this is a bit awkward to grasp, so I personally turned this off.-Map layout + passable/non-passable objectsAnother problem is the graphics. Wait, what!? I thought I said the graphics were fantastic?! Well, yes, but the problem is differentiating what is passable and what is not. If I see a small stone or flower on the ground that I believe should be passable, then that's what should happen. But guess what? It isn't. The game is FULL of these little nuisances, so you either deal with the awkwardness of enabling pathfinder or go around them yourself. Slow NPCs that move randomly in places with one tile width need to be passable, which they are, but only if they're going the opposite way from the direction you're going. Not to mention, the map design is cluttered everywhere you go, towns and dungeons alike. It's like the whole game is one huge maze for you figure out.-Different option menusThere's technically 4 different option menus depending on where you're at. The title screen has the main option menu that allows the player to change controls and handle save files (copy-paste & delete), among other things. You can also do the majority of those in the game outside of battle, minus changing the controls, but you can change the encounter rate from 0 to 8 (1 is default). Once you get Edessot in your party, you can setup an auto-save function through ANOTHER option menu, plus enabling a chest radar, map, and even a warp back to the map entrance. Oh, there's also a different option menu in battles too! This one allows you to change the animation speeds (this is a must, max it out) and AI for the auto battle (BTW, read below on how that doesn't even work at all). Why not just make everything available in all menus?!-Battle animation speed, outside spell animation speed, and auto battle AIRemember the animation speed I mentioned just above? The default speed is horrendously long and drawn out, so you'll bump that to 4x after a couple of battles. Sadly, the spell animations OUTSIDE of battle cannot be sped up, but they're not too long, still annoying though when you're trying to use heal spells on your party.Now, that AI for the auto battle? Some people say it's broken, but I've noticed some things they don't quite understand. The AI allows 4 settings on or off for auto battle: Attack, Spells, Gather, and Items. If you turn Gather off and turn Attack and Spells on, your characters will still Gather. Why? Because they have attacks and spells that require Gather in order to use. If you turn Items off and turn Attack on, Edessot will still use his throwing items to attack, because those items are required in order to use those attacks. So what's the point of allowing the players to enable or turn off certain actions when they won't work as it's stated? Why not have a option of ""All Basic Attack only"" so that the characters are not defending or gathering for a stronger attack type when I'm facing enemies that are all one-shots to defeat?-Multiple items with the same effectsDon't do this in any RPG you create, please.-Bugs/GlitchesThere are some I've heard from some users out there. I had one game-breaker in Assac when Zellini/""Bounty"" is suppose to find a new boat to Ludon City and she gets caught in the way of a NPC, forcing me to restart the game from the last save.-Eternal SlipI may be an Eternal Slip god, but ♥♥♥♥ this mini-game. You've been warned. Prepare for many long hours to finish this.When I began this game, I was looking at giving it a 5/10, but after finishing it 100%, I'm giving it a generous 7/10. I recommend it to old-school JRPG players that liked Lunar & Phantasy Star."
76561198121422898,Not Recommended,286220,27711159,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lagerbottoms,"If you love JRPG's, I'm sure you'll find something in here worth liking.  If you only like JRPG's, I feel like you'll be as dissappointed in this game as I am.  It's not terrible, it's just boring.  There are positive aspects to this game, like the ability to control the encounter rate so you can set it to never have random encounters or have an encounter every step.  Other than that, however, the magic system was frustrating, leveling was underwhelming, the battles were a chore, and the story was sparse.  Overall it's not the worst JRPG I've played, but I just can't recommend to anyone but hardcore fans of the genre."
76561198104925367,Not Recommended,286220,34884037,Posted: 11 September,all,Schmagges,"was expecting an retro jrp. it is! in fact it is so retro that i want to punch a person right next to me and throw my controller in the corner... didnt know i still could rage at my age, but watermelon showed me i can :Dwhy is it frustrating? for me its simple the minigames that you need to complete, to keep progressing. for example the sliding plattforms... i was so happy to finish finaly the magic school and i thought that would be the peak of frustration in in the game. i was wrong. at the last chapter you have to do this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t again and this time it sets you even further back if failed. so you have to run all around the basement and the staircases again and again if you fail the plattform. (wouldnt be a problem, but the movement in the game is realy bad for this. tried 3 different controllers and keyboard also, it didnt make any difference)on the other hand, the soundtrack is mostly pretty nice, the graphics for that type of game is decent (i didnt like the maze struktures, even the most towns are mazes) the combat system works for me, even if its slow paste. the characters are well done and the story also. but at the end its pretty basic and missing some depth.i can only recommend the game for oldschool jrpg lovers, who are able to get through the frustrating parts without killing there beloved people arround ;) then you will have a fun time and maybe call it a gem. its not my gem tho(i also have read alot of reviews here and im kinda shocked, that people seem to realy love the game, or realy hate it. then i watch how much time those peeps spend with the game... so many people not even an hour played and give an bad review. also not even 10 hours played and give an good review. you guys havent even beaten the game at all!below 10 hours you havent even seen those minigames. and below that.. you guys know what my point is.could be, that you have played it on a different system, but in the most cases, i dont believe you :Pim actualy kinda happy that i didnt spend the money for the megadrive/genesis version, even if it would look good at my collection)"
76561198021702186,Recommended,286220,12395042,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,endoxa,"Good game. But i dont like the ""maze like"" towns. But i recommend this to any classic JRPG fan."
,Not Recommended,286220,30249577,Posted: 28 February,all,archdeco,"""okay so I start going up the mountain and the monsters are tough and grinding me down and get to a new ""area"" which is just an extension of the previous area except now the monsters are totally wrecking meso I'm like okay, I need to rest up, grind in the lower area, no big dealuse the warp thing and it warps me to the entrance of the extension, no of the area properso I'm half-dead and have to go through that big snakey area backwards, and of course I have it autosaving which is a terrible idea in this game I guessat this point I need to either restart the game or quitI'm strongly considering the latterthe gameplay just isn't satisfying enough for this"""
76561198073088368,Recommended,286220,14090786,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Silent One,"I just finished this game and it has a GREAT storyline from start to end. The game starts off hard at first with some of the battles, but after leveling up and continuing the storyline almost no monster can touch you. If you like playing an old school RPG that has new school graphics and some questionable dialogue in some parts, this is the game for you."
76561198084831039,Recommended,286220,18026791,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[LinuxGuy]mcwolf_b,"First, I must give a warning, this game is not for everyone, is for the nostalgic of the old school of 16-bit glory. If you are expecting things of the new school then you should look somewhere else.In general, this game is a good one to give a shot, nice plot, a good and enjoyable soundtrack, good graphics. I really enjoy it, because I love old school RPGs (in this case JRPG look like). I think it's worth every penny. If you wan't to try the old school, try this game."
,Recommended,286220,18934688,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ccBat,"I like Pier Solar a lot, after logging for four hours so far. It's absolutely a game which seeks to capture a simpler time in RPG history--games like Lunar for the SegaCD, and Final Fantasy IV for the Super Nintendo come to mind. This early-'90s period is my favorite for the RPG genre, and I still regularly play my old favorites from 1989 - 1994 via emulation. It's great to have a ""new"" game that hits the same notes, albeit, with some more panache in the graphics department.Speaking of the new ""HD"" graphics, I have to say they are beautiful, and stylistically a good match to the pixel art of the 16-bit graphics set of this game, however, they often get in the way of my gameplay. I've gotten in the habbit of enabling the HD graphics for towns and then disabling them for dungeons because the pathways in dungeons are a lot harder to see with the paint-over versions of those backgrounds. This is even after the recent ""pathway decluttering"" that I see touted in the update notes.In the case of both the 16-bit and ""HD"" graphics, pathways could still be a lot clearer, and there could be fewer obstacles to pathways around towns, etc. It's frustrating to realize that my character can't move forward because he is blocked by a flower, etc. There are also rare instances where a tile of the game is set to non-passable even though it is clearly a pathway tile, same as others in a series. Those instances are rare, and not hard to find my way around, but it's frustrating to navigate. Disabling the ""auto-corner"" behavior of characters actually made controls a lot easier for me. It used to be so frustrating that they'd hit a corner and then slip around it to someplace I didn't intend. If I had my ultimate way with things, I'd remove auto-cornering as a default behavior and clear a lot of obstacles from paths that are supposed to be passable. I think in that way I'd take this awesome game from a 80% enjoyment level to something like a 95%. The frustration in those cases I describe is not necessary, and doesn't seem like an intentional gameplay element.Battles are pretty fun. I really like the ""Gather"" mechanic, as a whole. I like that characters can take and send each other's ""Gather"" energy as well. Leveling takes a while, but I'm okay with that. My old faves were also something of a grind.Character art is definitely on tone for the period. I'm a fan of the '90s anime look, and the character art in Pier Solar hits that look very well, most of the time. The cinematic artist seems to have some hangups around cloth drapery and anatomy that rear up and get distracting from time to time, but I wouldn't have hired a different artist. I think the tone is dead-on and the little foibles are forgivable when they happen. I had some of the same misgivings about some of the cinematics in the original Lunar game for SegaCD. Interestingly, the pixel art versions of these assets seem to work better, as a whole.The soundtrack by Zable Fahr, Tulio Adriano, and Tiido Priimägi is another case where I really appreciate the work that has gone into the ""HD"" version, akin to a CD audio soundtrack on a CD-ROM game, but there are times when I miss the crispness of the FM console synth version. There are times when the CD audio version sounds a little mushy where I don't think it's intentional.This is all stuff you only really notice when you LOVE a game, so I'm pretty sure I LOVE 'Pier Solar and the Great Architects.' I intend to play it all the way through to the end.It's easy to nitpick a game like this and hold it up against games built by much larger teams with a lot more money. That's a testament to how well Pier Solar hits that bar, even though it was largely a labor of love. That Kickstarter money they got was not at all a decent budget for a game of this scope, with all the intended target platforms. I'm glad we have the game, as is, on Steam.I would easily recommend it to anyone who enjoys 16-bit RPGs. Bare in mind that you can flip back and forth between the 16-bit and HD versions of the game's visual and audo assets."
,Recommended,286220,17018199,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,_ply,I am a couple hours into the game.If you like JRPGs you'll like it. Pretty typical JRPG gameplay.Some minor issues like not being able to speed up text.I noticed no performance issues on a fairly low spec machine (a gt 740m gpu laptop with dual core i5-3337u w/ hypethreading and 8gb ram).
76561198030853806,Recommended,286220,16440673,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Desert Gurt,"This is a great game if you're a fan of oldschool JRPG's. If you aren't you're likely be frustrated, confused and angry. This is not for you.Even if you are a fan of oldschool JRPG's don't be surprised when you get stuck and you have no idea what to do - I suspect this is by design. Consult a walkthrough."
76561198154605312,Recommended,286220,16639724,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,SYNOPSIS: dad is is sick. boy helps dad. boy is entered into world of pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wonderment. fantastic game! buy it. right meow.
,Not Recommended,286220,13769838,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Joshua Raposa,"I tried to like this game but the controls are clunky, the UI is confusing and the map design is one of the worst I've ever seen. The battle system doesn't help either, it's slow and uninteresting. There's nothing unique about Pier Solar, it's hard to recommend it to anyone unless you're really, really in the mood to play some oldschool JRPG."
,Not Recommended,286220,21759485,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,VeloxFox,"I had high exepctations for this game, and it has failed to meet even the most basic of them.  The encounters are very unbalanced, the environment is used to conceal critical paths and information, and the puzzles are unintuitive.  The gameplay is depressingly linear, and uninteresting.  You basically do the same thing each battle, with very little variety.  The item progression is as expected from an RPG of this genre, but is still dissapointing.  There are far better games to spend your money on than this one."
,Recommended,286220,28663454,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jacobs gord,pretty good game i like it allot its pretty basic but it was fun enough for me to play through.
,Not Recommended,286220,13423731,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[LINUX]Linguine Penguiny,"Waited since before the Genesis version of this game. So disappointed.1. Graphical glitches, some enemies have lines through them where the sprites disconnect, no biggie, but it bugs me that this wasn't fixed.2. Controls suck. Just, you have to experience them...they push you in ways you don't want, and make no sense, so when you run you feel more like you're being punished rather than getting to places quicker.3. No clear sense of direction in the beginning, and it was difficult to play a few 10 minute sessions.4. Whatever they made it on (The Linux ""engine"" for interfacing with the game) sucks. No alt-tab out of the game, once you're playing you're commited. You can't fix those god-awfuly loud sounds, and the keyboards functions are cut from the OS. It's horrible over all, the whole way the game takes over everything is awful.I feel terribly underwhelmed. There's no polish. It looks good, it sounds okay (Until you hear most sound effects), but everything else is a disaster. Wouldn't not purchase again for $1. Buyer beware."
76561198157137722,Not Recommended,286220,18482938,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,KingUrameshi,"I am an old school RPG fan. I play games like Beyond the Beyond (which is pretty bad but manageable)  and the old school FFs and I can tell you this remake of an old Sega game is the worst piece of SH*T I have ever played in the RPG genre. The enemies pretty much stay the same though out the whole game, the pacing is crap, the story is uninteresting and the characters are terrible. The interface is clunky at best and you will spend almost all your money buying a few healing herbs from some vendor when each town has multiple vendors all at different prices which doesn't even matter because you will spend all your money anyway.The game starts out with some promise but after the first town or two you get roped into a mysterious series of events which do not explain much. A drag through the middle of the game will leave you frustrated from long dungeons and uninterested about the points of the story probably because you will forget the reasons you were there in the first place. Seriously one of the most boring and repetitive pieces of garbage to be brought back to life and not worth the time or money. Free would be too expensive for this game simply because it is not worth the time you will put into it."
76561197969360794,Recommended,286220,12315840,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,F1Sh,After waiting for over 1 year its finally there!its a nice game!
,Not Recommended,286220,14060443,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Mismatched art styles between the sprites and backgrounds, ugly cluttered level design, spritework plagiarized from RPG Maker (the bottom of the barrel for game making tools), insipid dialog and humor and the same bash-A-to-win gameplay as every uninspired lameass ""retro RPG"" ever made?  ...Hot damn, sign me up!...Or I could just go buy Phantasy Star IV on Steam for $3 and get the real ""retro RPG"" experience it purports to be recreating."
,Not Recommended,286220,12365348,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tactics,"I think all the overwhelmingly positive reviews of this game come from the charm and character the game has, but the execution is so flawed I just can't enjoy it. This game needs a LOT more polish: Auto-battle, UI, animations, sound effects, and environment design. I really wanted to love this game and tried hard- playing for over 6 hours, but the lack of polish is just too frustrating."
76561197996906605,Not Recommended,286220,12320421,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zhuzsdar,"The game looks good, but enemies are unbalanced and it is entirely possible to get ambushed in EVERY battle (I just game overed after having 6 consecutive ambushes). So far the story seems like standard JRPG fare with nicer-than-RPG-maker graphics, and the music is mostly quite nice, but the controls feel a bit off and - as mentioned - difficulty is ridiculously unpredictable and save points are far enough apart that this WILL kill you."
,Recommended,286220,12356950,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Arcaias,Great old-school 16-bit era-rpg. This was releaed for Genesis just a few years before its PC launch. If you like SNES/Genesis era JRPGs this is surely worth your time.
76561198127891246,Not Recommended,286220,12311790,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,jasontguess,"Does not work with a controller. I use the Nvidia Shield which works with ALL other games that offer full controller support, even that buggy Goat Sim. Very disappointing!"
