user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,286260,20417065,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Filippus,"What essentially gave the premise of a run-of-the-mill fantasy VN with cute young girls eventually formed into a depressing story dealing with a foreign culture and corporate business, family matters inside and outside of those corporate businesses and redemption coupled with some of the best presentation a visual novel has ever had the privilege of possessing, a cast of very memorable and human characters, atmospheric yet subtle music and well-detailed lore.Totally defied all of my expectations."
76561198035537319,Recommended,286260,13413849,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Derpmaster1000,"At first I was expecting this to be a ""coming of age"" tale about 2 girls on a journey back home- but oh man I'm so glad I was wrong. What I got out of this VN was a great tale about family and what it really means to BE part of said family, cultural differences between regions, and a bit of science and a dash of religion/fantasy. I'd definitely recommend this game to people who enjoy a story about family but also about how we as humans can be oh so different in where we grew up but at the same time be oh so similar to one another. I rate this a 9/10!Here's a pros and cons list for those interested.Pros:+Great art+Awesome soundtrack+Transitions are neat+LOVE the characters+The tone and pacing of the story is great+Great storytelling by the writer+Great story+Great theme about family and friendsCons:-No Voice Acting (this may be personal preference but Voice Acting adds a whole 'nother dynamic to the tone, storytelling and how it can add auditory stimuli to help immerse us as readers into the story even further.)-Few grammatical issues (not too problematic but they are there at times)-A little bit too technical on the terminology at times (there are a few instances where they go a little TOO much into the science/mana bits and how things work but I believe this is a subjective issue.)-Only Part 1 ):"
76561198006306090,Recommended,286260,13962556,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Path-Me-Down,"This is my first review on Steam, and I'll make it simple.ART: Manga style. Gorgeous and emotional.CHARACTER: Adorable, charming and full of personality.(Which is also a typical manga style.)STORY: I spent my whole day reading it without resting and eating. So you tell me?WORDING: The wording is featured in mutiple types, elegant, preciseness and with distinctive styles. The accent is adorable xD.However, it might not be the standard writing nowadays, the sentences seems a bit obscurely and contrived.(I mean only the English version, I cannot read Japanese. Well done the translations.)SOUNDTRACK: Outstanding, most of the times. Sometimes I sence the background music inappropiate for the scene and by the way, the OP is awful. But most of the BGM were good and sometimes the BGM-Swap makes the story incredibly dramatic and thrilling.UI: Serves perfect, smooth and pretty. The encyclopedia made this VN easier to comprehend.In conclusion.I would give a  9.5/10.The -0.5 comes from the awful OP (the one after the teleportation to the unknown forest).I'm planning on making a OP myself already (perhaps  xD).At last, the best VN on steam with no doubt and the most expensive VN I've ever bought (15€)."
,Recommended,286260,15922245,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Power,Best thing Sekai has brought to Steam. Buy this instead of Sakura Spirit.
,Recommended,286260,13527546,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tomoko Shimizu,"So, first I was all like, whoa, Magic.... kravte... and then I was all like WHOA, MAGICKRAVTE.But then the game was all like, nuh-uh, science. So I was like, oh okay, that's cool too.Then there was murder and tradgedyAnd then robots happened.And then I was cryingAnd then the end left with like a WTF is this momentAnd then there was another character in the main menu screen (Yay!)I would seriously reccomend this game, it is a beautiful game with amazing backround music and a compelling story, I didn't want to stop reading once I started."
,Recommended,286260,20994136,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ティアラ μ's,"Note: This review will be mixed with Fault Milestone two side:above and Fault Milestone one. [Just for the audio elements area]Fault is a Science Fantasy Kinetic Novel developed by ALICE IN DISSONANCE, and Published by Sekai Project. With the addition of a new 3D camera system, Fault Milestone one aims to introduce a more immersive and “larger than life” reading experience.Follow them on their journey of a lifetime as they try to make it back home to the Kingdom of Rughzenhaide. This partucular VN in my opinion really stood out among many other VNs that I have played I really enjoyed this the most among all that have been released.The storyA princess named Selphine a bubbly, happy-go-lucky Princess and her sharp-witted but slightly misanthropic Royal Guard Ritona. While attempting to make an escape from a brutal assault that’s devastated their homeland of Rughzenahide, the two mysteriously teleport to an unknown forest surrounded by vegetation not native to the surroundings of Rughzenahdie. The atmosphere is thick and heavy and no sign of life can be found, which is particularly unusual for such a lush forest. Sign of life isn’t the only thing missing though. Something is odd about this land – something is amiss – but Selphine and Ritona are too startled to notice the obvious.Who were the assaulter and what was their goal? Where did Selphine and Ritona end up traversing to? Will the two make it home safely? And more importantly, what will they come home to once they do?Audio and Visual elementsVisual elements –All top notch, from character sprites to character designs, backgrounds and CGs anyone who have played or do plan to play Fault series the art is very distinctive. It s eye catching very made a huge impact I loved the mix of colors that were use to bring out each character personality like for example, Purple that signifies royalty, etc.Audio Elements –The OST all of them are top notch, extremely detailed and fitted in perfectly into its environment and cues in at the perfect timing. Its soundtracks is immersive when playing through this VN it felt that you are a part of it it felt good and it has very good abilities of conveying the mood and situation of the VN. I loved all of them, but there were a few that stood out here is the list of them that stood out, “The divide” and “Sol” (Sol Main Theme) and “Ode Piano Version” and “Homeward Bound” and “Death of dignity” and “Lines are drawn”. I wish I could share those soundtracks but I am not sure of its copyright issues on this matter but I here is a video of its trailer, from it you can tell it is good just from its trailer.To sum upWill I recommend Fault series? Yes! Absolutely in fact you should not even give this a miss, missing this is like walking past a box filled with gems and then regretting it later. I am honestly glad I picked this game up, usually after I buy a VN or game I will regret later becasue I simply did not enjoy it and they usually does not keep me in intrest to make me wanting it to reread it but as for the Fault series its different. I have reread Fault milestone one and two 3 times each and I am still not bored at all, despite it being a kinetic novel.Click here a review filled with images and afterwords at the end"
,Recommended,286260,15907065,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Totally not Kelkel.,*Nice art*Short*Character development*World building*No voice-acting*Sad*Cliffhanger*Highly recommend
76561198044667218,Recommended,286260,13427186,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,hugo.gomez32,"If you like visual novels, then you will probably like this game.Lets get the negatives out of the way first...-Too short , took around 6-7 hours to beat it (Add 3-4 hours to my play time since i played the demo and naturally skipped all those scenes upon buying the game)-Only one choice is given in the game, and honestly it does nothing regardless what you choose.-When starting a new game the intro text goes by too fast.As for the positve...+The art and character design is really good looking. I noticed that female characters look more typical animeish and that the males look somewhat westernised. Mind you you that's not a bad thing, it makes for a good contrast.+I really like the interface. You know it's there but it's kinda out of the way and only comes up if you want it too. Some people have complained about the font and in hindsight, yeah it could be better but while playing I did not complain.+This game is the first in what I THINK will be three games or ""milestones"", the story started out a little generic but the way it goes about it and the themes it deals with ends up making the story VERY interesting. Until the other games come out I can't say the story is superb but I'm itching for more so that's a good sign.+The verse has some nice backstory and details with an encyoclopedia to boot. Mind you it's no where near mass effect level, but considering this is essentially made by a couple of people in Japan, it's pretty detailed.+The sound track at first sounded decent. Nothing stood out too much though, UNTIL it got to the more serious scenes. OMG the way they use the music in this is amazing, made me get goosebumps a couple of times which leads me too...+RIGHT IN THE KOKORO....I'm a guy, but i had to shed some manly tears at certain scenes..jeez..On a scale of 1-10 I give this game a 8, BUT I would give it a 9 if it fixed those 3 big issues and a 10 if I had a good closure in the story. Sooo....BUY THIS GAME, it needs more publicity and support so they can release the rest of this thus far great story."
,Recommended,286260,21252891,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,YoichiKuroma,i'll just write a short review for thisPros- Excellent story- Characters are memorable and interesting- The art is fantastic- Music is goodCons- No Voice :(- Tons of information about lore and other stuff at the beginning (good thing there's encyclopedia in game)- CliffhangerOverall : Fault Milestone is an amazing game and  would definitely recommend it to others.8.5/1010/10 if Ritona get VA
76561198054225498,Recommended,286260,13413501,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dummy,"Good game with few flaws.+great artwork+MAC version+entertaining story(even though it's somehow predictable)+Kawaii girls+UI serves the game well+Encyclopedia+music is OK (not very stunning but above the average for a VN)+/-   ライトノベル(light novel?) style writing, is not always good after translation/localization.+/-   some stereotype characters-I can't find the ""LOG"" button. Only me or? Add this pls. I, personally, think LOG is an essential function for VN.-No voice (budget  I guess?)-the text in OP/cinematic fades too fast (For me), I cannot read all of them before they disappear. Need a option to pause it (For example: you can always left click to pause the cinematic in Starcraft II.)If u don't review the log and no voice is OK for u, have a try.Worth the price. it's 25% off now.8/10"
,Recommended,286260,22668965,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Just one word:amazing! Good story, amazing characters, lovely art style and BGs, awesome BGM. This kinetic VN is really worth paying the full price, you can’t stop reading until you find all the answers. It’s truly addicting! I can’t wait to play the second game.10/10, fault milestone one really deserves it!"
,Recommended,286260,14426575,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Reanimate,"Pros- Unique story and plots (lots of twists and turns)- Nice soundtracks- Well developed charactersCons- No user interaction (you don't make any choices that affect the outcome)- Too short (~5 to 8 hours)- No voice actingOverall, the story, characters, and music are amazing.In the beginning, the development may seem slow. But once the story gets going, it starts to get really interesting, and keep you wanting for more.However, for a visual novel, the story is pretty short. I definitely wish the story is longer.I would say this game is not for everyone, but rather for those who are really interested in visual novel in general.Personally, I really enjoy it, and I can't wait for part 2 to come out!"
76561198132670253,Recommended,286260,32143806,Posted: 2 June,all,EoniAno,"If the <La Sombra Del viento> were written in Japan. It would be this.Notice that:1.The main story is not about the protagonists who are more or less like some observers/listeners along with us reader.2.Short, only takes 2 to 3 hours to finish, since this is just chapter 1 of the series I believe. But still, the 'main story' itself is intact and nicely-built.3.Very decent characters design. I like the concise style of UI, though it's just my personal preference.4.Story begins slowly, but gets well developed during the middle part. The endding part really nails it.5.It's being said that the chapter 2 <fault - milestone twoside> is even better, uhmmm haven't tried but this is a good sign.6.No adult/r18 content, a big fat [+] point for me, but will be a huge [-] point for weebs. Weeb won't like this kind of story anyway.8/10 Buy on sale."
,Recommended,286260,13399636,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ippia,"Pretty interesting read. Felt some feels.Music: Pure (synth)instrumental with a touch of electronics and light beats fit the magitech setting well. Battle BGMs certainly did justice to their scenes and the suspenseful scenes had creative BGM too. Probably the strongest aspect of this visual novel.Writing: I'm afraid to slap a ""very original"" label on this VN even though the entire read was a very refreshing experience. Other Japanese games have probably used similar ideas and themes before. Let's instead say that it's extremely inspired, in all the best ways. It's certainly written and localized well if you forgive a few typos here and there. Some of the ideas brought up in the story were fairly ambitious since they touched on subjects that are barely understood in real life but were honestly addressed fairly thoroughly in this fictional world with its unique metaphysics. The characters were all memorable and smartly utilized in progressing the story.Art: Nothing to scoff at really. You'll like it if you like anime style? The style is a bit inconsistent but there might have been multiple artists in which case it's sort of understandable? Proportions are weird at times? Why is that girl's neck so long in that one CG? Maybe she was trying to be an alpaca.What else? Oh it criticizes androcentrism. Yeah. Buy this if you hate androcentrism."
,Recommended,286260,16988734,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Shpinxis,"Cannot recommend this game enough. AMAZING! Best visual novel on Steam for sure. The visuals are amazing, the characters are cool, the story is great, and the fantasy world is really sick."
,Recommended,286260,17580722,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,𝒩𝓸𝓱𝒹 𝕰𝖕𝖍,"cute girls? checkinteresting storyline? checkNize art?   checkSUPER AWESAUMEARGASMBACKGROUND MUSIC? checklet me remind you that this is a visual novel, if you want some animated action you are on the wrong place. i bought this game because i just happen to see it was on a discount and i happen to have the enough amount in my wallet to buy it. i seriously just expected another normal VN with yuri in it,i    was     wrongVoice-less each character may be but with just the awesome background music and the such detailed dialogue it still can  make you shiver down to the spine. i ain't gonna tell you spoilers but i tell you this,everytime you continue reading it only makes you more curious what is going to happen to the main character next? who is this girl named ""Rune""? what is the story behind those Zehvitz family? (and most importantly, when can i finally make selphina as my waifu?)the dialogue in this game is very well written and so is the storyline, you should not put the text into ""Auto or skipping mode"" as you can not easily understand some important pharaghraps.last but not least, is what this game lacks....(i hope these will be implemented in the 2nd or 3rd milestone)-Make those  character a little bit more animated-Voice actors, i am hoping my waif... ehem, Selphina will get an voice.-More Background art please, its a little bit of when youre reading a dialogue where the chara goes somewhere else and the background is still the same[EDIT 24/11/16]making my review a little bit less cringier. AND VOTING THIS GAME FOR THE ""WHOOOOAA,DUUDEE"" award!!"
76561198040882512,Not Recommended,286260,32092693,Posted: 31 May,all,Act,"This game is terribly written, and to make matters worse, terribly translated. It’s also incredibly boring.Sekai Project, the localization team, was also responsible for the terrible Clannad translation. Mericifully, this isn’t nearly as unreadable as Clannad was, but it’s still just really, really shoddy work. Not just on the typos and grammatical errors front, but as a localization, it’s full of terrible decisions. Why did they choose to stick so many extra letters into words like “Rughzenhaide” and remove vowels? The original Japanese reads “Ruzenhaido,” which is actually possible to sound out and understand. The translations for the in-game terms are a linguistic cluster♥♥♥♥, and they’re impossible to read or retain because they are full of nonsense character strings that don’t make sense in this language. Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you render “Reinvasta” as “Reighnvhasta”? Just to screw over readers? There’s no other explanation. “Ghnvh” is not a series of characters that should occur sequentially in English. The nadir of this is the localization of the completely normal name “Marie” (マリー) as “Mharie,” which my brain reads as “Maharry,” because that’s not how English ♥♥♥♥ing works.The game itself was terribly constructed, narratively, with long drawn-out worldbuilding explanations right at the beginning, and when you layer the unintelligible place and magic terms on top, it’s just not possible to retain any setting information. It’s not even possible to read or understand it. I honestly couldn’t tell you what any of the place names were; I recognized the words by shape and the letter they started with. This made it almost impossible to stay on top of terms. The result is that often I would find my eyes just glazing over, because the characters would launch into overblowm exposition that essentially took place primarily in a language I didn’t understand.And it’s not like it even mattered. The bulk of the game — the main plot — takes place independent of all the stupid backstory, so it wasn’t even necessary to understand it to follow along.The story itself was bland, but the way it was told was actually fascinating in how terrible it was. This game was apparently originally pitched as an RPG, and it shows — there’s absolutely none of the prosaic narrative crafting here that visual novels require to work. The game begins by dumping tons and tons of irrelevant mechanics and backstory on you, and then it’s always justifying the way people use magic abilities with long, technical explanations, taking breaks even during battle scenes to do this, as though “it’s ♥♥♥♥ing magic” wasn’t enough. It was completely unable to distinguish between necessary and ancillary information, and as a result the pacing is abysmal and the plot is jumbled and confused. It’s impossible to weed out the information that matters to the plot, because the vast majority of it doesn’t. I’ve never wanted to shoot every character in a story with Chekhov’s gun so badly.The pacing issues come to a head in the middle of the game, where one chapter suddenly grinds the plot to a halt to give us a half-hours worth of backstory, and then the very next chapter has a different character give the same exposition to the protagonists. I don’t know what anyone was thinking with this. It’s more than an hour of gameplay, all of which could be cut without taking away anything. Just scene after scene after scene of redundant, unnecessary backstory. As though the writer had to include every random thought that went through their head in the narrative on penalty of death. It was mind-numbing.To make matters worse, the game has a habit of using several screens of “……” as scene breaks, so a significant chunk of the game is essentially flipping through blank pages. It’s literally nothing.(It also doesn’t help that the worldbuilding is complete nonsense even when it’s intelligible… the nonmagical lands don’t have electricity… but they have MRI machines??)The game isn’t long — about four hours — but it feels much longer and it should be much, much shorter. On top of the mountains of extraneous exposition, the writer(s?) also thinks boring day-to-day dialogue is interesting just because it’s happening to their characters. We’re constantly subjected to smalltalk that goes on forever. After a while I just started skipping through it. The whole thing reads like bad fanfic, really.The game constantly falls into the trap of thinking that just because something must have happened, we have to see it.  It seems as though this is the dev’s first VN, and it shows. This was not written by someone who has writing experience. Or someone who is any good at writing.The plot, barebones as it is, is that a kingdom comes under siege suddenly and without warning from the attackers, and the princess and her bodyguard escape, but a magical misfire causes them to be flung to the far reaches of the planet. In a strange land, they have to find their way home, while also learning Life Lessons about love/friendship/shonen from the locals. That’s the frame story. This first episode of the ensuing travelogue revolves around a girl named Rune and her family situation in the first city they come across.The characters range from bland to irritating anime cliches to hiliaribad. The ostensible protagonists, the princess Selphine and her bodyguard Ritona, are inoffensive stock characters — Bubbly Princess and Stoic Bodyguard. Rudo is your typical Alpha Male ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. (Which — it’s interesting, isn’t it, that when you see something like Evil Is Sexy, how it correlates with things like “oh the cruel man who physically threatens you is actually a secret woobie” (is there a name for that trope?)… the game took place in another no-pants-land, but there was something about the Big Bad’s costuming in particular that set off alarm bells for me, and then sure enough, Rudo. All of these tropes are so closely tied together.)The game seemed very proud of itself for managing the most cliche, bare-bones characterization, which is annoying but also kind of funny. And Rune is hilarious. Such an inept writer trying to write a sociopathic character is just amazingly entertaining in the worst way. The faux-business-speak is also hilarious, in a really cringey way. It’s like how a 9-year-old imagines companies are run. In fact, the game was entertaining enough in how bad the writing was that the boringness of it was tolerable. I think my favorite thing was where it tried to claim Rudo invented and owned the stock market. He just owned the whole thing, somehow.And for all the ~female protagoinst~ jargon the dev goes on about, Rudo is obviously the real pet character, and the actual protagonist. Which is irritating.But, more than anything else, this game was incredibly boring. There’s maybe an hour of actual story and necessary dialogue here, so I was often just skipping and skipping through the redundant, irrelevant stuff. The plot underneath it about Rune overall wasn’t bad, but it was so ridiculously, ineptly told. There’s a definite amusement factor in how awful parts of this are, but you absolutely should not pay money for it."
76561198001941163,Recommended,286260,17942443,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,76561198001941163,well that was depressing.i cried.
76561198084700149,Not Recommended,286260,15932112,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MweenMachine,"As a fan of visual novels, I wanted very much to like this game, but unfortunately it did not meet my expectations. A VN, especially one like this with only one choice to make during play, lives and dies by its writing - and I'm sorry to say, the writing here is not very good. Overly wordy dialogue takes forever to get to the point and worse, 'sounds' unnatural which makes its characters difficult to invest in; they don't feel like people, they feel like boxes labelled 'sad backstory' and 'exposition'. While this could just be a problem with the English translation, the level of craft that went into the plot itself seems to suggest that clumsy writing is a Thing here. I like to get my emotions played with as much as any VN reader, but I do not enjoy it when a game grabs me by the shoulders and screams at me to LOVE THIS CHARACTER, DAMN YOU!!! which this game does in spades. It feels forced.The art is passable: nice bright colours and lovely backgrounds are a joy to look at, but some character designs are hit and miss. Thankfully, the principle characters are all very well-designed, so the less appealing designs will hopefully not show up in future chapters. Sadly, unless the quality of the writing improves substantially, I won't be bothering with those future parts of the game.Sorry if this review sounds harsh; I didn't HATE the game. I just think it has a lot of missed potential."
,Recommended,286260,24489740,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ceaseless Duality,"As I started this visual novel, I thought it was going to be a lot more lighthearted, but it goes deep. Really deep. It also discusses some very philosophical topics and has some disturbing subject matter. For me, this greatly improved the story, because I enjoy depth in literature.The story is complex, but not convoluted. The characters are really interesting, and not one-dimensional at all. What I really like about it is that the storytelling method is more about showing the audience what's happening (and what's happened), leaving you to put the pieces together yourself. I find it to be in poor taste when writers want to hold your hand and spell everything out for you. Leaving questions unanswered causes the audience to want to play the next installment, and I know I sure do. This is particularly so because ""milestone one"" ends on a cliffhanger.There were a few typos that I spotted. Not a big deal, since it didn't ruin my experience.I'm also hoping to see more diversity. Perhaps some people of color in the next installment? Perhaps some queer characters that aren't in the closet?Overall, it was an excellent visual novel and I greatly recommend it."
76561197999567241,Recommended,286260,24403464,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DaveDOX,"This visual novel gives you an experience that no other game has had.The plot takes you through the journey of multiple characters, starting in the homeland ""Rughzenhaide"" which is currently being attacked. You follow Princess Selphine and her Guardian Ritona escape via the equivalent of teleportation into an unknown land on the other-side of the world.I personally have only played through 3-4 visual novels, fault - milestone one stands out by far. The journey will keep you in suspense, filled with emotions and you just won't want to stop reading. The characters you encounter all have different personalities which keep you riveted into the story. An encyclopedia is also included in the game which you can refer to at anytime through the pause menu as there are lot of the terms used may be unfamiliar to you so I found this very practical. Pointing out also how stunning the artwork and animations were with the intricate detail that was put into them. Throughout the game the soundtrack felt quite repetitive and there were a couple of minor grammar mistakes in the English translation but other than that, the game to me is a masterpiece that will never be forgotten. Fault - milestone one tugged at my heart all the way through, a beautiful game indeed.Now onwards to begin fault - milestone two!"
76561198025980821,Recommended,286260,19353182,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,RawShank,This turned out to be quite a fun read.Nice art.Music is enjoyable.Fullscreen option is a plus.Story has a slow pacing but it is intersting enough.Characters are interesting and fleshed out.8/10
,Recommended,286260,22530974,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Twistor,"TL;DR: Science fantasy kinetic novel with gorgeous art and both psychological and philoso-scifistic themes. I read it in 6 hours.Spoiler-free review.The first part of thefault - milestoneseries introduces a world setting not quite unfamiliar from our own. The main difference is the inclusion of mana and the associated magical powers, which work as an additional set of physical laws for the world. Being a kinetic novel, the story is linear and there's only one ending.It's a science fantasy worldMana is infused with everything in the world and used instead of all those modern-day items and technology we are familiar with, sometimes in surprising ways. In some ways, the magical technology is more advanced than our own. This allows that many concepts akin to science fiction can andwillbe explored in the course of the novel.Story explores both these ethereal concepts as well as mundane ones. Problems of faring in unknown lands and dealing with mental disease are discussed in surprising detail, the latter associating with the more morbid side of the malady. One of the more esoteric topics explored is the very concept of sentience.I found the characters to be very likeable. The protagonists, Selphine and Ritona, fare from an apparently utopian kingdom of Rughzenhaide, rendering them extremely liberal and naive in outlook. The main storyline about the mysterious mana industry company and its associates is both sad and fascinating. In the end I even teared up a bit.Even though the story curiously begins with them, only the antagonists of the story are left unfamiliar and distant, perhaps to be explored in further installations. The perplexing and slightly annoying thing about most (though not all) characters is them being teens or at most very young adults. Maybe this peculiarity fares from the manga style.Technical near-perfectionCharacter artstyle is obviously of the familiar manga style. If you don't mind that, the art is generally excellent, background scenery looks good and characters have several facial expressions for dialogue. The camera is used dynamically in the narration: it zooms in and out as fits the scene or dialogue for dramatic effect, a technique I liked a lot. The only technical imperfection is the total lack of voice acting.Soundtrack is excellent for a visual novel. Twenty (20) different tracks are used throughout the novel to set the mood for each scene. If only they were integrated into Steam Music player since the soundtrack would fit for listening for fun or as background music for reading.Reading at its finestI read the whole thing in some 6 hours. In addition a few hours was spent on listening the soundtrack, reading the encyclopaedia and idling a quirky achievement. I read the English translation (Japanese version is also available).Writing in English is very clean: I don't think I saw any typos during the whole read. Only few expressions were confusing or hard to understand (English is not my first language), probably because the royalty tends to sometimes speak in elaborate fashion instead of being wrong.Considering I got it for 66% sale I feel I got more than I paid for. I was rather surprised of how much I liked it. So yes, I can recommend fault - milestone one! In doubt, there's a demo available in Store and as I said, you can get it for relatively cheap.Be warned though: it ends in a juicy cliffhanger. Afterwards, you might be inclined to get the sequel,fault - milestone two:aboveas well."
,Recommended,286260,14003151,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,lumpensolker,What I bought : fault milestone oneWhat I expected : Run-of-the-mill visual novelWhat I got : Magical steam-diesel-mana-cyber-punk political medical techno thriller drama11/10 Thank you based Ritona
,Recommended,286260,25067668,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ness1228,"The last Visual Novel that evoked a wide range of emotions from me - ranging from exhiliration, anticipation, excitement, happiness, and even fear - was Fate/Stay Night.Fault - Milestone One is beautifully written and executed in such an elegant manner that it honestly feels like you're part of the adventure as it unfolds. What amazed me the most was how they integrated fantasy elements (e.g. mana and magics) with the development of real-world appliances and devices with very believable in-universe justifications. I think this serves to only amplify the immersion even further.The music is absolutely fantastic and fits each setting, and the use of dynamic camera shifts and CGs serves to emphasize the story.As for length, Fault Milestone One took me about 5 hours to comfortably read from start to finish. There's one 'choice' you can make early on (if you can even call it a choice), but all it changes is a few lines of dialogue that take place after; the rest of the story is a kinetic novel, so sit back and enjoy the wild ride.Minor spoiler: It ends witha very abrupt plot twist followed immediately by a cliffhanger that hit me like a truck.I look forward to diving headfirst into Fault Milestone Two."
,Recommended,286260,14241457,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Yureina,"fault milestone one is the first installment in a series (you could say this is Episode 1) that will be released on Steam over an unknown period of time (this series appears to be a work in progress, as, naturally, is the localization). Truth is, I knew nothing about this series until I tried the demo out. Not only did the demo give me a surprising amount of gameplay (about half the entire episode), it interested me enough to buy it immediately so that I could see what the rest of the story was about. And I was not disappointed.fault reminds me of Long Live The Queen in one aspect: They both have an outward cute and lighthearted appearance, but when you delve into it you will end up in a very dark place of violence and madness. And while you get a glimpse of this evil in the first few minutes of fault milestone one (cute anime girls committing mass murder), the true descent into the abyss comes later on (with a fair amount of it making its way into the demo). It certainly deals with some heavy subject matter and the darker aspects of humanity, to the point that I wonder if the works of Key/VisualArts were a source of inspiration for ALICE IN DISSONANCE. This, of course, would not bother me in the slightest.fault milestone one however is not perfect. Good, perhaps even great, but not perfect. I liked pretty much everything relating to plot, world-building, and the characters (Ritona being my favorite). The artwork and soundtrack are fantastic, but that just makes the lack of voiced characters disappointing since those probably would have been great too. I don't really mind the length (~6 hours) since this is only the first part of the story. Nor am I too much bothered by the fact that you only make one inconsequential choice during the entire game (like Planetarian, this is a VN with a story to tell, rather than one that the player sets up through their choices).No, what I do mind about fault milestone one is the rather abrupt way that it ends, leaving the reader/player with many unanswered questions and forced to wait for the next installment which won't be here for quite a while (Fall 2015). It's like Telltale's Walking Dead, except the episodes are longer and so is the wait between them. :(So if you are willing to put up with waiting a good while before seeing where this story goes next, then giving this a look may be worth your time. ALICE IN DISSONANCE and Sekai Project, whether by accident or design, have provided us with one of the largest (in terms of size compared to the full version) demos I have ever seen. So if you are even remotely interested in this game, check out the demo. If you like what you see there, then picking this up would be the logical next step. As it was for me. :3Or you can wait, possibly a very long time, until the entire game is released on Steam. Either way, I hope to see more of this series! ^_^"
76561198185721453,Recommended,286260,23842271,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ALfheimxSavior,"Where to start with this visual novel. This is only my third visual novel that I have completed and out of the three I completed, this one has me permanetly hooked to the genre. The story is so well written and the music, oh the beautiful music. But lets begin with the art, this visual novel is gorgeous! The characters are very detailed and nothing short of perfect for the setting. Which leads me to the story, this novel has so much back lore behind it, I was really shocked. The story itself without the lore is touching and I always found myself at the edge of my seat dying to know what would happen next. As I said the music fits perfectly with the novel. All together this makes an experience anyone that enjoys visual novels should experience, and even those who are unsure of visual novels, this novel is perfect for all to enjoy and experience. 10000/10!"
76561198065155868,Recommended,286260,23354544,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AirwaveRaptor,"Ok. This is my first review. I absolutely love this VN. So much so, that when I finished, I immediatedly bought the 2nd part, as well as the soundtrack.Pros:Amazing Art, CG's are well done.Soundtrack is, again, amazing.Story is well written.Ritona.Characters are well crafted.Did I say Ritona already? Oh, I did?A good length. Not too short.Yea... Ritona.Oh! It has achievements, and the title screen changes when you beat the game.Cons:I'm sorry, what?Just take a look at the ""Very Positive"" Steam rating, if it hasn't changed yet, and fork over your fifteen bucks or whatever the local currency is, and read it yourself. Then go back to the Steam store, pay another twenty bucks, buy part two and the soundtrack, and read that part. Then continue the cycle."
,Recommended,286260,14216880,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,who stole my juul,"I was one of those guys who had a neutral opinion on anything that came out of Japan. I may have even been tipping to the negative side of the scale when it came to things like anime. That all changed when I, for some reason, found myself on the steam store. Now let me tell you, I'm a frugal guy. I don't like to spend money. You can see that by the amount of hours  I put in on F2P games. I just don't have anything else to play lol. So here I am, on the steam store because I was bored. I'm shifting through the recommended games in my queue, when something catches my eye. It wasn't the flashy Fault logo or Selphine's blue eyes: no. It was a certain purple-haired, crimson-eyed, black-clothed girl. The first thing that went through my mind when my eyes were graced with the privledge to gaze upon her was, ""Damn, she's cute."" So me being perverted or possibly just curious, decided to take a peek at the page. What I saw impressed me. Since the only anime I've seen is Death Note, and I've only seen the first 8 or so episodes, I stereotyped all animes to be like it. Dark, bleak, and depressing. The screenshots totally blew me away, and it was probably the first time I was excited to do anything related to anime. I downloaded the demo for the game/kinetic novel to give it a go. Utterly mesmerized by how much of a badass Ritona was, I immediately threw away all thoughts of frugality and basically begged the steam page to take my money so I could experience more of this amazing story. Please, AiD... I need more Ritona. I can't imagine life without her. Everything would go back to being so old, and bleak, and Death Notey. And to you, reader. Sorry for breaking the fourth wall but buy this game. Don't go out into the interwebs and pirate this. AiD deserves the money and needs it to make more novels about Rit- I mean Selphine and her journey back to Rughzenhaide. Don't let us down. Buy the game. Do it for this poor soul writing this review. Do it for Ritona.P.S. Ritona, if you are reading this... ♥"
,Not Recommended,286260,19989453,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Afezeria,"I must say I'm pretty disappointed in this, especially since it's reputation seemed to depict it as something with substance and one of the better OELVNs. Let's start from the beginning. The prologue seems completely disconnected from the main story of this first part, which makes me wonder why they even decided to throw it in. Even thematically the connection is weak. Then we get to start of the story, where the writers decide to begin with the ill-conceived decision of quickly throwing you into a battle scene and filling it with more than half the in-universe jargon terms in the story. You're quickly whisked away somewhere else though and never encounter that location again, or most of the characters in it.The main plot of the episode revolves around Rune and the city of Kadia, but unfortunately most of it is told through long passages of past events that almost feel like infodumps, with the present day events affecting little. There is some actual substance behind it and in the relations between the characters involved, but the resolution to the conflict feels extremely shoehorned, with a character having a change of heart that doesn't make sense and contradicts a lot of his past behaviour. Everything is just very miraculously resolved and then you're thrown a very bad sequel hook.The art and production values of the VN are good, but lack of utilisation of facial expressions well kind of diminishes this. Whether the fault of the original text or the translation (probably both), the prose also reads awkwardly at quite a number of instances. There are also a few design choices that don't really make much sense--what's the point of that one choice in chapter 3 which barely affects anything, at least Higurashi (Minagoroshi) had a point to make when they did that. The VN also wasted quite a lot of potential on Kadia, where it could have really delved more deeply into the social climate, customs, and expectations of the society, and the interactions between the two companies, but settled for some rather shallow observations here and there. All in all I expected a lot more, but the VN really didn't deliver on any front except art. At least I got it while on the discount, and it does have some very valuable steam cards.EDIT: Seems it isn't an OELVN (pretty sure I've heard it referred to as such before) but rather just a poorly localised small Japanese VN. Also the game time listed is inaccurate since it includes the time I spent waiting for my trading cards--I took around 3 hours for the story. And the cards aren't really valuable anymore."
76561198086791194,Recommended,286260,17789430,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Seikara,"This game is fantastic. I was immediately captured by the art style and the narrative of this game the moment I learned about it. Please continue reading if you are interested in my opinion!The BadWhen you first play the game you will be met with information overload as the game tried to feed tons of lore and background story in a relatively short amount of time. This can be quite overwhelming, but rest assured that you will learn which and what in details as the game gradually progresses. Based on the general consensus it has seemed like a lot of players agrees that the font of the game is pretty unsatisfying to look at. In my opinion, it doesn't bother me at all, but it would be nice if we were to get an option to change it.The GoodMy favorite part of any review, Let's talks about what the game got right! I came into this game not knowing what to expect and what I received was a beautiful tale that relentlessly tugs on my heart string in every right way from beginning to end. Fault milestone one is a story about acceptance, loyalty, family, hardship, and humanity. This game has a powerful message, and it's one that I will forever remember and be thankful. This is truly a beautiful game and I cannot wait for the release of fault milestone two!Let's vote this game for a Steam award. I nominate this game to be the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" award. This classic is a hidden gem and it needs to win something!"
76561198179046755,Recommended,286260,30589359,Posted: 18 March,all,RealNihilisticNinja,"This is the kind of story that works best when you experience it, not play it. As such it's hard for me to really formulate a solid, spoiler-free review, but I'll try.It's immediately worth noting that the VN isn't particularly long, especially for something that costs $15. That said, I'm not going to pretend the content doesn't make up for it.One word that describes this game well is ""vibrant"". Everything simply feels ALIVE; the setting, the collection of characters, the evolution of the story. It all is excellently and thoughtfully crafted in a way that just draws you in and makes you want to play to the end.The story itself isn't particularly complicated in the end, and the more thought-provoking aspects of it are merely touched on. However it does raise some interesting questions and there are plenty of interesting things in the world-building that definitely make you think.When we're talking about the plot, it should be noted that the opening and synopsis could be somewhat misleading as to the content of the series so far. This isn't really a story about our protagonists fighting against an attack on themselves and their homeland. At least, not yet. We'll probably get there, but right now it's a tale about the societies they run into along the way, the people that live in them, and their stories. But the author is damn good at telling those stories.It'll make you think, make you smile, maybe even make you cry. It's incomplete, and it's short, but it's still a great work worthy of a look."
,Recommended,286260,29453782,Posted: 23 January,all,Shizuka-NIX,"Magic and science. Politics and family.  Friendship and loss.'fault' is easily one of the better VNs available, especially considering the price. Between the gorgeous art, interesting and dynamic characters, and a vast, diverse world, 'fault' weaves a gripping narrative that finishes well before you'll want to stop reading. Good thing there's a sequel."
76561198044523347,Recommended,286260,24831620,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Lightsaak,"A great emotional VN, my only regret is that i didnt start this earlier."
,Recommended,286260,25612777,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TensaReven,"I haven't finished this yet but it's already a very refreshing game. In the last few years theres been a huge amount of VNs getting approved on greenlight and translated, however most of them are horrible. Fault has everything a VN fan can want, beautiful art and CG, an incredible soundtrack and most importantly an awesome and well written plot. Most of the cast is likeable and they all have great character designs. If you're a fan of VNs and are looking for something original and engaging then definitely get this while it's on sale."
,Recommended,286260,23757189,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rune,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this kinetic novel.  I bought it solely because of the first minute of the trailer.It was one of the best decisions I've made.Looking at it now, from a critical standpoint, I can freely admit that Fault Milestone One has quite a few flaws.  Much of the story is told through flashbacks and, as with any VN, there is quite a bit of exposition.But for the fifteen hours it took me to devour this, purchase the sequel on the spot, and devour that too, I was utterly entranced.We'll start with the sound and art; both are gorgeous.  Admitedly I'm not a fan of either Koko or Sian's sprites, but they don't detract enough from the story to bother me much.  The music is quite fantastic; much of it appears to be experimental classical, which is lovely.  I spent a few minutes on the menu screen just admiring the art and music, and four of my hours on this game have been devoted to staring at the CG artwork and taking advantage of the gallery.This series, in fact, is so enthralling that I'm still entranced by it months after its purchase, and I'm devoting time to writing fan music and toying with the plot of a fanfiction.  It was -- is -- that good, at least as far as I'm concerned.The CGs are excellent; in addition, Fault Milestone One employs a 3-D camera system that does a lot to add to the depth and overall breadth of its scenes, especially when action takes place.I would play this solely for the artwork and sound.The characters are intriguing.  They're what have remained with me in the most vivid detail.  They aren't terribly unique or special as far as personalities go with the sole exception of Rune, but the way that they are engaged into the plot and how they interact with each other and the enviroment around them make them lively and relatable.  It is immediately obvious from the prologue that this novel will contain a significant amount of emotional depth; Fault Milestone One does a good deal in provoking this with Rune's story.There's some social commentary, too.  It feels a little bit out of place, but, again, doesn't detract much from the story.The world of Fault is fascinating, as well.  It seems set in a fairly medival time, at first; but the scene change places them into an electronic, modern society and does a good job in juxtaposing ""magic""/science.The plot; it's immediately obvious from the pacing of the story that Fault is an extended series.  And this is a good prologue.  What needs to be done forRuneto become part of the main cast is accomplished, and though the medium of the story is questionable, the story itself is emotionally rich and beautiful.This visual novel will make you think.  What does it mean to be human?Moralities and motiviations are explored.  Humanity, science, technology, and ethics.  Happiness.  Love, and family.This story is beautiful, and will resonate with you long after you finish the last word.But the truly promising thing about the series -- not the game, but the series?...It gets better.  A lot better.  Fault Milestone Two is significantly better than its precedent, and frankly you should play this if only so that you can properly enjoy the sequel.  It is that good.Play through the exposition and world-building of the first two hours, and the next six will treat you well, indeed.Fully worth the money."
,Recommended,286260,22789364,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,hey bro,"Fault Milestone One was a very different kind of Visual Novel for me. I've tried the likes of the Higurashi and Fate series, both of which were undeniably very good, however Fault Milestone One delivered something that other VN's simply couldn't. The world in which the Fault Milestone series takes place in is just so utterly fascinating to me, I mean I've always been a huge fan of the fantasy setting, but the way magic or ""Manakravte"" is potrayed in this game just makes so much more sense. The characters are all fantastic and stay away from the typical anime tropes I've learned to absolutely hate. At some points the story felt like it dragged and got boring, but the payoff at the end made it all worth it.If I were to list the definite pros and cons, it would be as follows:Pros:- Excellent characters- Interesting plot- Fantastic world/settings- Good artCons:- Writing was pretty bad in some parts, it's bearable, but definitely detracted from the game a lot.- The plot sometimes got boring (entirely subjective of course)- ShortOverall, if you're thinking of picking up this game, I'd definitely recommend it. It is one of the best Visual Novels on Steam at the moment."
,Recommended,286260,31836994,Posted: 19 May,all,RUNE,"Here's my two cents:cent milestone one: *cries*cent milestone two: *buys*I'm not a fan of virtual novels but I will try out any that look promising enough; I decided to write this review after reading the sixth chapter of the eight total, but I can say that this is some of the best fantasy storywriting I've ever had the pleasure to experience, comparable to an adventerous, emotional opera on the level of Metal Gear Solid 3, Harry Potter, or even Game of Thrones.Something to include from Sekai Project's website: ""It is also not purely Fantasy as much of the tone is heavily influenced by Science Fiction and focuses more on human drama rather than flashy battles and wizardry. It’s methodical narrative is a homage to the Science Fiction Genre of the 70~80’s.""Well done is only well done when it brings a tear to your eye, and masterpieces like these have a beautiful, otherworldly way of repulsing you, stressing you, shocking you, angering you, building you, and breaking you. This game has its ups and downs like any other story, but it's little details and the fleshed-outfullnessof all the character's personalities; each character has their own incredulously, carefully structured backstory and no elements of the story ever go to waste, with little details becoming prominent plot devices and much, much more.The only negative thing I can think of (upon meditation) about Fault: Milestone One is: while the music is good and sometimes superb, it can get repetitive when the setting and tone for a scene get locked to one thing make for a long amount of reading with the same looped-over audio. Not saying it's bad at all, it's just not every game can have a soundtrack that loops as well as something like Corpse Party, and the bottom line is,Definitely would recommend and i will most definitely be buying Milestone Two, or I couldn't be happier to be closed!**milestone one reference*>//<Edit: Found time to finish the story, have already bought F:Ms2 on sale and will just be farming the last few achievements out of this one before i start the next adventure. Really well done job Sekai Project!!!"
,Recommended,286260,25799015,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,Best visual novel plot I've read.
,Recommended,286260,32379729,Posted: 12 June,all,[Inazuma],"Seems that the game is one of the most outstanding works in Humble Sekai Project Bundle.Although I had got it before.Perhaps the absence of CV is a pity.In my view,one can skillfully narrated a story and moved the audience,can also be counted as a good visual novel.Despite mentioned above,I am still looking forward to hear the voice of the adorkable princess and her tsundere guard."
,Recommended,286260,33666256,Posted: 19 July,all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"It should be called ""NOVEL"" instead of ""GAME""This is linear story. Talking about a exiled princess. They meet a girl in other country. This season doesnt talk a lots about the main story. It is talking the girl who they meet. However, I do love this story. The music is good and charactors is lovely.if it is game, I can only give 6/10.However I think it is a novel so I give 8.5/10"
,Recommended,286260,29725842,Posted: 5 February,all,PorkKravte,"This game is the start of what I think will be among the greatest visual novels out there. Even from this first short slice, the world appears to be carefully thought out and well built. The characters each have something to enjoy about them, and the overall story has good pacing amd few loose ends within the plot of the novel. The playtime is about 5-8 hours, depending on your reading speed."
76561198079061265,Recommended,286260,32623801,Posted: 21 June,all,Ashcroft,"Pros:- Great story,- Nice artworks (some characters are little bad-drawn, but overall artworks are pretty good [not Grisaia-like good, but just good]),- ""likable"" characters,- small and clean UICons:- Mhm...too short ? But it's rather cheap and it's only first part of story, so still good."
,Recommended,286260,17201968,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Amelia M. Weiston,"Fault Milestone One is a story about a princess and a royal guardian trying to return home.However, you will feel as you read the story, that the focus is not so much on the two themselves, but rather, the journey itself and the sense of adventure.  If you were expecting a game that focuses on one overall plotline... much like how typical asian style drama shows do... then you may be a little disappointed.  Instead, you should expect something more episodic, much like American drama shows like CSI.  There is an underlying major plot, but the focus will be more about the subplot.This is the only real ""fault"" of the storyline... that it is just the first part of the adventure.  You may not feel strong attachments to the main characters as you read through it from beginning to end.  This is a natural flaw of both good storytelling and releasing your work in a matter of series.  Character development is slow, yet steady, as it should be.  If this sort of thing bothers you, I would implore you to look at this series later when more episodes are released.For those that don't mind, the intro of the game almost makes you expect that this will be a sort of generic JRPG stereotype.  Beginning with all of these cute anime girls with their own quirks almost feels somewhat stereotypical.  I almost expected that it would be the kind of game where every charcter is a girl... but I was pleasantly surprised when even that had an answer of it's own...  Let me say this, the writer put a lot of effort into worldbuilding... the world itself is organic and full of life and complexity that far surpasses most current storylines I've seen to date.  The last good well fleshed out world I've experienced was the Type-Moon universe... and that work is nearly ten or more years old.  So how can I sum this up?Pros:* Amazing music* Complex and fleshed out world* Emotional and thought provoking* Not your typical generic story* Focus is episodic oriented rather than saga orientedCons:* Only first part in an incomplete works* May feel a little generic at the beginning of the game* Focus is episodic oriented rather than saga oriented"
,Recommended,286260,23664546,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,danmarce,"It has a really nice story, it is not free of faults, it has some pacing problems (mostly noticeable in the last 2 chapters), but overall it delivers its contents in a good way, it creates an interesting and complex world, that we can only start exploring through the eyes of its characters.The art is good, the character design is good, is full of details, those small details that make it unique. Also, Ritona, she is amazing. Believe me, she alone can earn the recommendation of this game (you see most of the plot through her eyes).After I completed this game I can’t stop thinking on how it was deserving of more funding."
76561198061706117,Recommended,286260,18570443,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,WessRocks,"I've not actualyl played this. I actually watched a Youtuber play this game all the way through. Now you're wondering, why did you buy it then if their are no choices and this is a static game? The answer, I loved this story so much that I wanted to support the devs, so I went and bought this game anyway. I would argue that this is the best visual novel on all of Steam. I of course haven't played everyone of them but I've played a few and watched a few others. The story is so in depth, I love it to death. The creators of this had the idea of ""ain't nobody not gonna know how our magic works"" because if something magical is happening, they will tell you the ins and outs of how it is currently happening. It starts off a bit slow and the constant explaining can get a bit annoying, but trust me, it's entirely worth it for the pay off. This game tells an amazing story and it's totally worth buying and experiences for yourself."
,Recommended,286260,20131520,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kaze no Ōkami | AGC,"Catchphrase:""I wish i was able to use Manakravte to reset my Memories and read it over and over again!!!""This i ment to be a review for Fault milestone one, which is a fair mix of Fantasy and Science fiction? [At least People within the VN would call it Science-Fiction..., wouldn't they?]""Btw: My Opinion, in general, is based on milestone one + milestone two""I found this to be a truly amazing display of story-writing. Even if it is not Voice-acted the music fits. The style of art leaves no room for further wishes and I loved the turn of events when it came to the actual plot about Rune/Sarah's background. The story is marvelous... [I think 95% of the readers would agree]In my opinion the explanations given on ""Manakravte"", yeah that's actually the term for it, were great, maybe because i'm a fan of these kind of things^^If you've taken interest in this particular V.Novel you should definetly check out the second part afterwards, as it continues the story [it kind of ends with a cliffhanger] right on the spot.I'd like to take a short note on the heavy improvement they did in milestone two (as one may consider buying it)It's still unvoiced (Q.Q) but, they added animated CG-Events and extended the usage of explanations related to ""Manakravte"", I feel like I could use it myself any instant :P.All in all, they really did a great job developing such a fascinating, compelling story and I'm seeing forward reading the next part of this wonderful VN.In the end, there's only one thing left to say,... excuse me for any grammatical mistakes, as english isn't my native language :D"
76561198028164192,Recommended,286260,24086054,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Monkey Magic,Recently picked up milestone one in the summer sale 2016 after going through a spate of VN's. I would have to say that this is the one that sticks out in my mind as being one of the best so far that I've viewed. It defintiely felt worth it's cost if not more.The art is very well done and the game as a whole is very pleasing to the eye. The story is super immersive and I felt myself warming to characters and actually wanting to actively read more and find out what's going on. I find with some VN's I end up skipping through scenes and diaglog to fastforward through 'crap' / 'boring' or 'badly written' parts but this had none of that. I did struggle at first to fathom what was going on but I think that's udnerstandble with an introduction to a VN that becomes quite extensive and indepth.After finishing the VN I was totally left wanting more.. 10/10
,Recommended,286260,17507844,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SpeckTech,"I bought this on sale and was, literally, blown away by it. All the feels for this amazing story. It doesn't offer anything in terms of choosing what path you take, but the story more than makes up for it. And anyway, it's a visual novel. There aren't choices in regular books anyway so it doesn't make a difference. I still enjoyed the story and went through the entire thing in one day. It's a few hours but it felt like 8 instead of a mere 4. Part one is definitely a buy if you want a compelling, sometimes dark, and heartfelt story."
,Recommended,286260,17508285,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kana,"amazing game so far, having alot of fun with it, Selphine is so cute *-*"
,Recommended,286260,17691300,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Quibber123,"Really nice VNPros:An interesting storyFantastic artGood musicAn in game encyclopedia for all the fantasy gibberish (Y'know mana and stuff. Think FFVII if Mako was magnets and Midgar was a 17th century European City utopia and you pretty much have the setting down.)Establishes the world and main characters very wellCons:It is only the first act of a multi-part series so it ends right when you start feeling investedNo voice acting (Though some people don't mind)Very little character animationComments:This VN serves as a good introduction to the world of fault milestone, and it also rounds out the party that (I'm assuming) the reader will be adventuring with, but do not expect any resolution. The meat of this VN serves only to fill you in on the backstory of a mysterious girl who helps you out while you are lost. Nothing regarding the main story is resolved, and instead you learn about who this mysterious ""Rurune"" character is.The good news is that her backstory is very interesting, and since I wasn't expecting the story to go that way at first I was pleasantly surprised.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,286260,30583840,Posted: 17 March,all,RastKat.,"Not a really big fan of visual novels. Much more of anime.Started this one, I was like nah, seems boring. After that, I noticed something cool, started to follow the story really close. At the end I really enjoyed this novel and felt emotions towards the story.Great soundtracks they used! The only drawback there is no voice acting at all, with that it would be a big boom.I would give a really strong 8/10 for this one. If you are not short on paper and like anime stylish things, totally worth it. Other hand on sale grab it. :)"
,Recommended,286260,24469445,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,🇭🇶🇲,"This visual novel has a very well written story that, despite the initial info-dump, kept me interested the entire time. The visuals are pretty and the music is wonderful.It's a quick 3 hour experience that I'd recommend to those who enjoy Visual Novels."
,Recommended,286260,18321252,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,opask,"Wow,There is not must else to say.This game is fantastic and you should just go ahead and buy it.The soundtrack is almost always the number one selling point of a game for me.  And this one nails it right on the head. The music is moving and adds a lot of extra depth to the scenes.Artwork is wonderfully done and the backgrounds seem to fit the tones of the scenes well.Storytelling in this was quite good and really sucked me in resulting in me reading more then half the novel in one sitting. At the beginning I was lead to believe it was going to be strictly fantasy but that changed after the first chapter into a mix of that and sci-fi. I thought that it actually worked out quite well, as they molded magic and the uses it could have as a energy source in a more technological society. Keep in mind this isn't future tech its more industrial revolution era tech. The novel is however pretty short, I finished it in ~7 hours. I am a pretty quick reader though.Some of the scenes were quite dark which I enjoyed a lot. They really built up to them and they left you truly horrified of the events that occured and were set to occur in the aftermath.Overall I think this is totally worth your time reading and would totally recomend it to anyone who wants a light read."
,Recommended,286260,17529303,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ₖₑᵢᵤₙ,Glad to have bought this game while on sale in commemoration of summer Comiket! The best visual novel i've ever played before and here is why: (No spoilers in here)-Stunning visuals; truly a piece of art-Great soundtrack-Unique and memorable characters-Plot...hot damn the plot! Kept me sitting in my chair for hours waiting for what happens next!-No confusion; easy to understand while being superbly complex-More stuffs I probably forgot to add :PDefinitely worth my money. Hope everyone enjoyed this visual novel as much as I did. Can't wait for the second!
76561198020397493,Recommended,286260,13635326,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aiore,"Wow. I don't know what I was expecting when I first started this up, but after the first hour, I pretty much stayed up all night finishing it up. A very good read, if not a little confusing here and there, but overall, everything the story introduces is tied up neatly and definitely makes sure you understand what happens inside this arc and has a conclusion for it. Moar pls."
76561198046556564,Recommended,286260,13843913,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Toast for Dinner,"The first thing you'll notice about fault: milestone one is that the art. Is. Gorgeous. The main menu is especially striking, though there's nothing quite as vibrant and sweeping in this first milestone proper. That's all that really needs to be said about the visual presentation of fault. It's just solid all around.As for the story--and speaking in strictly vague terms so as not to spoil anything--you're presented with an effective hook in the introductory chapter. The high action doesn't last long, though, and the original impetus for the plot is set aside rather abruptly in favor of a pseudo-mystery adventure; one that, frankly, would feel like filler in an anime were it not for the last half-hour. The pacing is a bit awkward in these early parts and drags in the middle, but the story does a reasonable job of holding the reader's interest, thanks in large part to an endearing cast of characters.The writing is decent, marred only by the occasional syntactic stumble and typo. The world of fault and its rules are detailed and fairly easy to understand thanks to the fact that almost every aspect has a parallel to the real world or its history. The presentation of the world, however, is done clumsily. The flow of the story is broken at several points by exposition-heavy monologues that, while interesting, encourage impatient skimming more than dedicated reading.Narrative issues aside, if you enjoy character-centric stories about love and loyalty, I wholeheartedly encourage you to give fault: milestone one a chance. The coming milestones promise adventure on a much grander scale, full of beauty and heartache. But I'm confident that the narrative will continue to focus on our heroines; how they will change (and be changed by) the world during their travels."
,Recommended,286260,13427499,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ajeak,"Great game, dark and light in its subjectivity. You see a vast amount of psychological issues and revelations. Not only that but they ground it in a solid base for both the ""magical"" and scientific world state. Overall its a gripping, sweet and dark story about family, responsibility, reconciliation and redemption. I recomend you read this, although if your weak to blood some parts could be kinda iffy.P.S. Can't wait for part 2, and so forth."
,Recommended,286260,15961809,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,anvimea ♥,"I've played so many poor visual/kinetic novels over the last few months - I was surprised by this one. There are moments of poor dialogue and silly exposition, as is endemic to the whole genre, but this is overall a pleasant and engaging experience, with a fair mix of world and character building. Often visual novels struggle to world-build - but ""fault milestone one"", as a story rooted in the geography of the imagined world, does this with relatively little effort. Eventually I couldn't put the game down - can't wait for sequels. With some reservations, highly recommended."
,Recommended,286260,13421292,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Darkshadowrogue,"This is an amazing title.It may only have one choice, but, let me tell you, it's the best.The game is great, and sad at some points, but, really, really touching. I was properly sobbing, it was that good.The music is amazing. Just, god-like.I can't wait until the next milestone.Also, nice touch on the title screen. Just, the fact you added that one bit in after... just, great.A great game, and you should buy it and the next game by ALICE IN DISSONANCE.Edit: I hear the second milestone is being made, aswell. It's also got a vndb page, right now.Edit #2: My god, milestone 2 hype. Ffs, release already! I'm so freakin' excited. This is one of the best things on Steam. I used to have nightmares about Sakura Spirit, and, well, no longer."
,Recommended,286260,22970884,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,gab,"Great storyline, unexpected twists. Beautiful graphics! And I think one's English can improve by playing this game"
,Recommended,286260,28124043,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mayonnaise,I've been frimly reminded that making children is overall a pretty bad decision.
,Recommended,286260,19519799,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Wariosei,"Fault milestone one is an interesting introduction to the Fault series. Originally released in Japanese in 2013, the game was translated and released by Sekai Project in 2014.Positives:- Amazing art and widescreen resolution creates breathtaking CGs and intense scenes. Character sprites are of equally high quality.- Compelling world building gives potential for the future chapters. A mix of science and magic promises interesting future developments. The characters are quite diverse and have interesting dynamics between each other.- Sleek and clean UI which includes features such as switching language during reading. The Gallery page is very well handled.Negatives:- Funimation dub-esque translation leaves much to be desired. It is an adequate story in English, but personally it hurts me a little to read lines that are written awkwardly to tiptoe around stuff like honorifics and differing dialects. The decision to keep both English and Japanese probably made it harder to ""naturalize"" translation, since the scenes could not have been edited to make them flow better when translated.- Somewhat clunky storytelling, with the overarching storyline abruptly coming in after the main story of this episode. As an episodic series, this is inevitable, and definitely a turnoff to some readers.- No voices, which does not help the awkwardness of the translation. The original was not released with voices either.Overall, fault milestone one is still a solid fantasy VN and one of the prettiest I've ever read available on the Steam store. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future installments of the series have in store."
,Recommended,286260,17102335,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Goblin Reaper,"Don't be fooled by the generic fantasy vibe in the intro, while magic does play a large role in this game it is not the main focus. I'll keep things vague in order to avoid spoilers. This is an all-ages VN (meant to be that way, in no way is it a censored version of an adult VN) that provides an emotional and surprisingly thought-provoking tale with memorable characters and an unique plot. Feels guaranteed!One thing I would like to point out about the VN that I was dissatisfied with was that the one actual choice you have in it, is completely meaningless. I could be wrong since Milestone Two should be released sometime this year so maybe that one decision will matter in that."
76561198066817040,Recommended,286260,29997997,Posted: 17 February,all,MysteryRaim,"I really had my doubts about this game, but I was wrong - simple as that.See - even though I have a taste for realism, I was able to be really immersed in the whimsical nature of this game, thanks to the great music, art and character personalities. Definitely worth the 5 or so dollars I paid for it on sale.I will say one thing, this game is predictable at times, but DEFINITELY still threw me for plenty of loops.Even though I predicted the ending a while before it came about, I still cried at the resolution.Emotional 9/10."
76561198070338754,Recommended,286260,17752560,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Noel Gallagher,"A VN. Some times the game dumps heavy expositions about the world, but overall filled with great characters, writings, mystery, and a satisfying ending. The art is great too."
76561198030650128,Recommended,286260,20617424,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ezra,"For a while I've thought that the fantasy genre has lost its way. Taken to rehashing Tolkein clones, it has lost any sense of fantasy. For me, fantasy is a sense of awe, wonder, and fascination with an unprecedented premise. It needs to have a ""wow"" factor that seduces the audience into the intricacies of its world so that it can stand on par with the complexities of reality. Moreover, fantasy should behave something like a daydream: an entertaining diversion which is grounded in the issues of the day, yet is not afraid to give itself wings in liberation.Honestly, Fault is the first series that has made me feel like ""fantasy"" stories can still be written- and written very well; the writing in here is way above the par of any visual novels I've read.The characters are tight, well-developed, and placed at the center of the story. The locations are varied and showcase different aspects of the characters, in addition to being well-detailed (you could almost say that it's a story about places as much as people). Serious social issues are handled without seeming trite or contrived. The art is gorgeous and the sound design produces some rivetting moments. Really, you should play this. It's a breath of fresh air."
76561198022382522,Recommended,286260,22830938,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shadowbear,"What at first glance looks like ""another VN, just in fantasy setting"", by the closer look appears to be the introduction to the whole new fantasy universe, surprisingly deep and well-detailed. At some point in the early stages of the game you get the feeling which good old-school RPGs gave you - that you can't go on playing, because your head is stuffed with new information. It really feels as if some grand old-school RPG was pressed into the format of a visual novel.The writing is good and keeps you hooked from the beginning to the end, the graphics are nice, and the music in the background is very emotional and ideally matches the situation. The production value is very high, the game looks well-budgeted.The only negative moment, at least for me, is the fact that closer to the end the plot goes into the topics that were so many times chewed before in literature, cinematograph and pop-culture, that it can make you grimace seeing the story going down to this.But of course I would recommend this game, because it offers far more than you would expect from a visual novel. Just be sure to try the demo, it contains the first (and, in my opinion, the best) half of the episode."
,Recommended,286260,25711000,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,"Definetly stands out among many other visual novels. Although not as animation rich like some high budget VNs like fate/stay night. It compensates for it with very good artwork & soundtrack. And the probably the best english translation of any VN ever. You really gotta give credit where credit is due.. the developers were small hobbyists in japan & mostly raised/still raise money by  kickstarter or patreon donations.They used the freely available RenPy VN game engine to make it and then they delivered such quality content.As for the story, I wont spoil anything, the desciption is good enough.. and I recommending getting fault 2 and more that might come in the future(because fault 2 has no closure either) as the story seems episodic."
,Recommended,286260,29542518,Posted: 28 January,all,ACM Dima,"Fault Milestone One if the first iteration of the Fault series with Fault Milestone 2 Side:Above being the sequal and Fault: Silence the Pedant being the prequelNot much to say about this, the art is great.Art 9/10The most important aspect of a VN for myself would be the music. It must catch me and really drag me into the melancholy tunes or happy little bouts. The music in Fault was spot on and really fit every scene.Music 10/10I read novels for the story, so why should Visual Novels be any different? The story so far has been great and I am interested in what the next few Faults will bring.Not gonna lie, Rune was very touchingStory 8/10This is more a personal opinion, I prefer longer novels. Fault was too short for my liking.Length 5/10Overall this novel would deserve a 7.5/10 with the length bringing that score down."
76561198007981266,Recommended,286260,13728678,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sahgren,"If you can wade through the world-building focused opening, then what follows is definitely worth the read."
,Recommended,286260,34730787,Posted: 4 September,all,MeliodaZ lucky-cases.com,"good game though i thought they gonna have voice, but they don't."
,Recommended,286260,22814611,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Zanster,"fault milestone one is a great kinetic VN imo. I liked the characters, the arts are good, and of course the plot is interesting. Most of the things exceeded my expectations (in a good way).If you liked fantasy/science theme with a sprinkle of mystery, you might want to get this.Also the ending hanged me so bad. I recommend buying the sequel at the moment you got hooked with the game. >w<And... Selphine is cute XD"
,Recommended,286260,17552892,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Queen,Best Visual Novel I Ever Played. <3
,Recommended,286260,14212149,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,One of the best VN on steam simply a masterpiece
,Recommended,286260,29834163,Posted: 10 February,all,Mikel,"This is an incredible VN. Despite its short length, the story is very well done, and the art (although a lot is reused) is gorgeous. Music really sets the scene and makes up for the lack of (japanese) voice acting, although I hate the fact that there are not always transitions between music - sometimes it is just cut off. I really loved the world-building in the story, there is really a sense of complexity and scale to it.9/10"
,Recommended,286260,30894366,Posted: 1 April,all,AdmiralQuincy,"7/10The art in this game is probably the best part, the characters are well designed and the clothes are very thorough and pleasant to look at. The music is okay, nothing special, but complements the mood of the game pretty well.The story is well-paced, but the middle section can get a little dreary. My issue with this series is that each milestone or game doesn't have that much content, and the characters don't accomplish much, so if you want to continue the story, you'll have to keep buying and spending."
76561198076509425,Recommended,286260,20613024,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Reguba (the enigmatic squirrel),Something I'm not ashamed to say I enjoyed
,Recommended,286260,31361528,Posted: 25 April,all,无情 | 57nG,"After completing the VN, I am stunned on how beautiful the story was written.Amazing art and background music.Just, wow."
,Recommended,286260,20755475,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Makure,"I highly recommend Fault Milestone to anyone who loves kinetic novels or is interested in getting into them.tldr: Excellent story, art, and music, but no choices, which is upsetting to some people. FM is a story, not a game.-------Before I go into a real review of Fault Milestone (which I will refer to as FM for most the remainder of the review), I need to delve into a couple of points.First and foremost, this is a KINETIC NOVEL, not a visual novel. This confusion is often the source of negative reviews of FM.The difference between a kinetic novel and a visual novel is small, but significant. A visual novel is a text based game accompanied by visuals. The story will have several points where the reader has to make a decision, and thereby influencing the flow of the tale. The most common example of this is the dating-type visual novel, where your choices as a reader will ultimately change which of the pursuable characters you date/marry/etc.A kinetic novel is also a story accompanied by visuals, but almost completely lacks choices, and the choices that are available do not change the flow of the story. The exclusive aim of a kinetic novel is to tell a story, and not be a ""game"". It is a term that most people are unfamiliar with, so I understand why FM is labeled as a visual novel (I doubt there was a tag for kinetic novels when FM came to steam, or even if the tag exists now), but if you go into FM expecting choices in the story, you will be disappointed on that front.This leads to my second point. This is more of an angry rant targeted towards a particular type of negative review, so feel free to skip this next bit.I have read a number of comments that sum up to ""well, if all we are doing in Fault Milestone is reading a story with pretty pictures, why didn't they just make it into a movie/comic?""...This particular question grinds my gears a bit, because the focus of the person asking the question is off and unfair to FM. The first reason they ask this question is that there is no real game mechanic to FM, as I addressed above. This leads to the mentality of ""well, why are you telling a story in a video game-type media? Why didn't you just use (insert more typical story telling medium here)?"" And this is where the heart of my gripes lies. This implication of this question is that a kinetic novel is not a valid story telling medium. If the asker did view it as a valid story telling medium, the question would seem just as absurd as asking ""Why wasn't (comic book title) just done as a picture book?"" or ""Why was this play not just done as a movie?"".It is because the creators of the story chose to tell their tale in that given medium.I guess what this boils down to, for anyone bothering to read this, is that you need to view Fault Milestone as a story, not as a game. If you judge it from the perspective of a typical video game, you will unfairly judge FM.That being said, kinetic novels, like visual novels, manga, comics, and so on, are not for everyone. If you really aren't looking for a story, or if this medium isn't for you,that is entirely okay. Just be aware of that when/if you go into Fault Milestone....Now that THAT is squared away, I will review Fault Milestone.Visuals- Excellent. There was a lot of work that went into this game, and you will be treated to more than stills of characters. There are a number of full screen images, all of which can be viewed in the game's gallery. And while the art is manga-styled, it deviates from what people stereotypically expect from anime-styled art (thanks, Sakura series). No fan service shots, no girls with watermelon boobs, no ""uguu"". The art is very tasteful. The only character that starts to encroach the stereotypical manga art territory is Selphine (the blonde princess in the title card), but it is very infrequent and not at all overwhelming when it does occur.Writing- Again, excellent. Writing is the most critical aspect of any translated story, imo. Even slightly awkward translations can take away from the atmosphere created by a story. Fault Milestone does not have that problem. The writing is excellent, and if it weren't for a few Japanese culture hints in the script, I would never have guessed that this was translated into English from another language. The only clarity issues that arise are some errors in dialogue, where the name of the character currently speaking is wrong. But that is more of a formatting error, not a problem with the writing.Characters- I personally like them a lot. Again, Selphine is the most tropy character, but even she has a lot more going on that most characters of her trope (read Fault Milestone 2 above, and she gets even better). Every character is well done, and more than just the reskinning of a trope (which is what many of us have come to expect in stories).Story- Beautiful...I cried... twice.Basically, you are thrown into FM during a castle invasion, where the two main characters, Ritona and Selphine, manage to get stranded in their escape and must try to make their way home. Saying much else will start to spoil things, so I will say no more.Music- I love it. If you end up playing FM2a, I even suggest buying the soundtrack. Even if you don't get the soundtrack, you there is a gallery section that has all of the music for the game in it.Overall, I find that FM is an absolute necessity for individuals that enjoy kinetic novels, and a great one to start on if you are new to them. If you don't like reading and aren't much of a kinetic novel person, you can pass on this, but if you want to give them another shot, FM is a good place to begin again."
,Recommended,286260,17230563,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Silh,"The way the story played out was not quite what I expected, from the way the prologue introduced things, and the description given for the game itself. I thought I would be reading the tale of the princess and her guard's journey as they try to make their way back home. What I got instead was just the first episode of that, all told about some local intrigue they find at the first city that they come across on their journey. And, what a story it told...I wouldn't call the story particularly innovative, but a story doesn't necessarily have to break completely new ground to be good. It wasn't a greatly emotionally moving piece, albeit there were some rather touching moments. There were definitely some interesting philosophical themes explored during the course of the story, though not in any great depth as they were merely another piece of the story. However, the weaving together of the different threads of the story was nicely done, such that when the pieces started to all fall into place, I found myself clapping on a number of separate occasions.fault milestone one isn't your typical VN where you are given choices that affect your progression through the story; it's a single storyline that you follow all the way through.There's a single choice you're given at one point, and it only changes some dialogue without changing the flow at all.It doesn't bother me at all; what's the difference between that and reading through a regular book?The graphics serve well in accentuating the environment of the story. Some extra sprites and more backgrounds would have been nice to see; the number of locales felt a bit sparse, and that's likely due to the budget. The art is quite good; can't call it spectacular, but it's by no means mediocre or sloppy. The music is also well done and matched nicely to each scene. It's always a good sign when I find myself wanting to listen to the tracks again after hearing them while reading, and I've loaded up the game just to do that from the music gallery.Minus points?Characters are a bit over-the-top at times. To be expected from this genre, granted, but it does feel a bit jarring when it happens.The technobabble (thaumatobabble? whatever term you use for its magic equivalent) infodump at the very beginning was a bit much. Thankfully once that was out of the way, it only throws in the odd term here and there throughout the rest of the course of the story. And there's a handy encyclopedia provided in case you need to check on the definitions.The biggest? It's a bit short. I'm a very fast reader, and I went through the whole thing in roughly 3 hours; somewhere between 5-10 hours seems to be the norm for most people. And of course, this is only the beginning of the story, being the first episode!Looking forward to fault milestone two!"
,Recommended,286260,29398545,Posted: 21 January,all,wysgbt,"9/10 It is a great visual novel. Despite I'm kind of dislike the drawings. The no romance plot make the plot much better I believe, since it is seriouly telling you a story and don't contain unnecessary imformation. But it is too short and still left something unexplained. Looking forward to Milestone 3 and the silence of pedant to be available on steam."
,Recommended,286260,29178050,Posted: 10 January,all,MapleMiharu,"Normally I would take notes as I go through certain games to help me maintain key points. Fault-Milestone One enthralled me from the very first click with a dynamic splash screen and an auto-scrolling feast of founded logic called a prologue that transitioned faster than I could pronounce Rughzenhaide. Eight hours later, I now stare at a blank sheet of paper feeling shocked, sad, happy, and wanting more, all the while wondering how to sum up awesomeness. It’s not my fault.Okay, maybe I’ve had too much of Selphine and Rune’s notion of a conversation starter. Fault is a visual novel whose strength stems as much from its pool of multi-dimensional characters as it does from its meticulously structured magic system which lends believability to the plot. Characterization interlaced with a plausible world is a recipe for a sandbox brimming with potential. That’s what I see in Fault. It’s actually reminiscent of some excellent fantasy novels that have managed to incorporate reality or science into its magic system to lend unmatched credibility to its workings; Brandon Sanderson and his Mistborn series is only one of many examples of novels drawing success from this formula of crafting fundamentally sound worlds.Where the mesh of science and magic shine is when the two protagonist, Selphine and Ritona, suddenly find themselves whisked into a land devoid of what they have come to know as manakravters. In this region far from their kingdom of Rughzenhaide, they must retrace their steps back to the Inner Pole where mana flourishes should they wish to preserve their ability to metabolize mana. Most importantly, their castle was just recently hijacked so that too fit the agenda. Along their quest back to the Inner Pole, they will meet colorfully written characters with ranges of personalities enough to send one’s mind into a tailspin.The cultural differences between the citizens of the Outer Pole and those of the Inner Pole is but one theme of Fault-Milestone One. This visual novel manages to incorporate themes like science and religion, slavery, resource management, gender inequality, and income disparity. And most importantly, the driving theme of this installment: friendship.Fault has two obvious flaws: exposition dumping and pacing issues. These two go hand in-hand-in as even in cases where exposition was light, I still felt the hiccups in the narrative’s flow. Despite that, I do think that when looked at as an overall package, this visual novel more than delivers. Sci-fi and fantasy buffs will be used to the expository treatment prevalent in the genre. New readers or perhaps those that have not trudged through laborious titles in the past will find the waterfall of explanations—and explanations—tedious. With that said, it does drill home information that leaves little questioning for the reader’s mind. Developer Alice in Dissonance walked a fine line when deciding how to tell the story of Fault, and I do think that the job done was a decent one.Visual novels are difficult to review as their motif often centers on the story being told, and as far as gameplay goes, it’s all about reading. Fault-Milestone One is a kinetic novel with no divergent paths or micro-management of various gauges measuring character tendencies. This further exacerbates my inability to feed story crumbs, but do know that Fault as a cross between sci-fi and fantasy, provides an underrated experience worthy of any story lover’s library. With the aforementioned complex themes, charming characters, an emotional soundtrack, and a heck of a localization, the chances of you finding something delightful within this fifteen dollar title is likely. If at all you like princesses waiting to unleash their inner animal and cool yet fragile purple haired girls, then make that probability 99%.(8.5/10) A great fantasy experience."
,Recommended,286260,23515920,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,kfcs7000,"Im not really into writing long, in-depth reviews but Fault milestone one is a short and sweet game that is well worth the $15."
76561198070759958,Recommended,286260,26207072,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,krazypenguin747,This story... was incredible.
76561198094150376,Recommended,286260,22744704,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,InjokerCykaBylat,"Overall Score: 8.5/10Absolutely brilliant. In fact i absolutely need more of this. I can't wait to read the sequel and it's following chapters. It's those types of Visual Novels that gets you wanting to read more. As a reader, i've never gotten so attached to the main protagonists of the story as fast as these two. I could've given a higher score rating were it not for the lack of voice acting and script errors during translation.Pros:- Epic quality artstyle and drawings- Memorable music pieces that add to immersion- Great world lore building that leaves you wanting more- Awesome adorable protagonistsCons:- Lack of polish in the script as some text had grammatical and mistranslation errors that while tolerable, is still there.- No voice acting"
,Not Recommended,286260,33047133,Posted: 30 June,all,Star Mage (蒼崎),"This game is the pure definition of missed potential.I'll start by saying the main thing that this novel does not have: a decent writing.It throws clichéd lines filled with typos that completly breaks the atmosphere that it attempts to produce. Its so horrible that it reaches a point that you can tell that the segments are translated by different people. Not to mention, the game loves to throw at you whole paragraphs with just ""..."" lines 3~5 times, as if its trying to maintain its ""deep"" and ""sad"" atmosphere.The world building is... Questionable, but interesting at least. At the start it does the same idiot thing that FINAL FANTASY XIII did, it just throws every term at you without explaining a single thing beforehand, and of course, you have to check the ♥♥♥♥ing glossary to understand all of it, which is a pain. But at least, when the story advances they explain another terms like the mana shock and the different poles to you smoothly, so its not a major problem.The characters are clichéd, boring, and incredibly unrealistic ( at least for the most part ). Like how ♥♥♥♥ing Cid has a whole company under his back but he acts and sounds ( probally because of the horrible writing that breaks completly one of the most emotional and important scenes in the game by Cid's inabillity of speaking correctly at least once ) like a completly illeterate, poor farmer. Not to mention the horrible stunts that the ♥♥♥♥ing Princess of a wealthy kingdom acts like a blatant retard when she founds a new friend, but becomes the most cult and intelligent being when things get real. But I digress, enough of the characters.The transitions are simply horrible. It looks like the writer was tired and just skiped a lot of scenes to buy time. Unfortunately it doesn't work well, and everything feels rushed. The flashbacks are completly out of place and you can't sympatize with Rune and Rudo, at all.The story is ABSURDELY short for that price, even with a second VN ( which I haven't read yet )But overall, the story behind it and the art direction were great. It had a great potential with this mana stuff and all, but the writer completly wasted it on rushed and bad writing. It may be a result of the translation too, though some problems obviously are a fruit of the original japanese version. Buy it on sale when its 50% or more, and cry at its wasted potential."
,Not Recommended,286260,20046045,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WORLD END BURNETTiCA,"An odd bait and switch that sets up it's story only to abandon it 30 minutes in to tell a completely different one. Unfortunately the story it settles on likes to lead you by the nose with a drip feed of information and little else to carry your interest. Ultimately it does pay off but not sufficiently so to justify the slow build. Along the way the game finds time to drop out of place sophmoric insights on such topics as religion and gender politics.With the main story thread resolved, the game returns to it's initial premise in the closing five minutes to deliver a cliffhanger that will keep few people hanging. This one's strictly for genre fans only."
,Not Recommended,286260,32815053,Posted: 26 June,all,Jambatti,"Pros:-Beautiful character art-Fairly good world development (for a VN)So-so:-Music is average-LinearCons:-The writing is just outright bad - ruins all the atmosphere-Overall story is very cliche and predictableSummary:7/10, get on sale, otherwise not worth the money"
,Recommended,286260,17975697,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kreemy,Very good visual novel and a Good Read.Would Recommend :)
,Recommended,286260,17326815,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Akonion,"I don't write reviews often, if at all, but I felt the need to for this game.As someone who has never touched a VN before and was introduced to them through a YouTube channel called PressHeartToContinue (personality name is ""Dodger"") the depth of the characters and lore in this universe completely surprised me.The characters are well developed and the world is well fleshed out. I found the experience to be very enjoyable and experiencing the story again myself and supporting this awesome series was even more so!My only complaint is that they sometimes lingered/elaborated on certain points too much. While I understand this is vital for world building and it will probably pay off in future installations it was still a bit onerous at times.  I have also seen some complaints about the lack of choice in the story but I would prefer a well written linear ark with a defined plot as opposed to a mediocre dynamic plot and a slower release schedule for the game.This game/VN has my glowing recommendation and I can honestly say I have not been this excited over a fictional universe in a long time. The moment part 2 comes out I will buy it, until then I am waiting with anticipation!"
76561197968399443,Recommended,286260,17079214,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Evader,"This game had only one choice, and was more or less a novel. I am not sure what would change if I had picked the other choice, but I suspect little.As novels go, it's quite nice. Very rich world building, albeit I was thrown a bit off balance with the sudden shift of location/cast; the villians established so early on aren't relevant for the rest of the story here, as they are the antagonists for the series as a whole, not this part.That said, part 1 really solidifies the feel of this new world, and it doles out humor and drama in nice bite sized chunks. The change of the title screen after completing the game is a nice touch.As I have played the demo for part 2, and it looks to be shaping up to be so much better than part one, I can safely say Part 1 is a good purchase; right after I finished it I was unsure what to think, as the story had written some checks it had yet to cash. Part two hits the ground rolling, and reassured me immediately that nothing in part 1 was frivolus or wasted in that sense.The price point is only 15 dollars, and standing alone I wouldn't have called it a good buy, but this was always intended to be part of a greater series, so the lack of closure was to be expected. What's been shown so far of the next entry (since the first entry sold so well) has earned my faith in the rest of the series. Buy this, play it, and grab the free demo for Part 2 and play that. It's a fun ride."
76561198048268849,Recommended,286260,19012119,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,makersley,"I nearly gave up on this.  I got completely worn down by the endless, relentless, questionably relevant parade of infodumping about exactly how manakravte works.Then the plot kicks in as Rune begins to show the travellers around her town, and just in time a wonderfully-crafted, sweet story emerges from under the ten-ton weight of exposition. Don't get put off by the infodumps; the actual story is well worth slogging through them."
,Recommended,286260,20027192,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,elainetraps15,"Oh wow, I just finished the game, and I love it. I actually started crying at one point (a scene towards the end, you'll know it when you see it), and the set up for the next game, which is already in my library ready to play, was very intriguing.This game goes into a few of the issues we have. It presents a perspective where there already exists, what we might call, a perfect society. This is where the two main characters come from. Then the game contrasts that society with a persona of our world (well, America at the very least). This created a strange sort of feeling as I was reading in which I felt that things could be so simple but they aren't. That doesn't really make any sense, but I was just really pulled in by the story and personalities of Fault milestone one. After a point, the reason for Rune's existence is not to difficult to discern, yet I still felt a sense of satisfaction when the characters figured it out. And just when you think it's all over, of course, we mustn't forget about the antagonists that literally started this whole thing in the first place.On a side note, it did sometimes feel like there were two different people doing the character art. Or maybe the artist put more work into some drawings than others? Regardless, the art was beautiful at best, acceptable at worst. I'd say that's fine considering I like the story. Voice acting obviously would have been great, but I finished the VN happy so who am I to complain?Basically, I thoroughly enjoyed this game, and I'm off to play the sequel. It was hard to explain my feelings without spoilers, so just go play it. I mean, it's only 5 bucks right now. What a steal."
,Recommended,286260,19352233,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,kai,"Was looking to get a good action/adventure story, but instead got feels. Really really good characters in fault milestone, that are surprisingly 3-dimensional, and thus create a very captivating story. There were only 3-4 grammar mistakes throughout the entire thing, so it was translated quite accurately. The music was wonderful, and was able to define whatever the current mood should be, and thus compensating for the lack of voice acting or animation. 10/10 Would reccommend for anyone looking for a good read. (Unless you have the attention span of a potato, and can't handle having to read anything larger than a paragraph in one sitting)"
,Recommended,286260,18233949,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,BlakeHMz,This is the Best thing Sekai has ever brought to Steam. Loving it so much!!- BEST VISIAL NOVEL EVER -
,Recommended,286260,18870424,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,☆{Irisu-Pyon}☆,"Good Game, Good story line. Bit slow at the start of the story but it gets better and better the more you get into it in terms of desciption."
,Recommended,286260,18082469,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Chair,"I have played through the game for 3 times and now I felt like doing the review before playing the second series.The characters are really well developed (Selphine is just adorable xD) and the world is well fleshed out.There were definitely some interesting philosophical themes explored during the course of the story, but not to worry though there is an encyclopedia to help you understand. :3The soundtrack is amazingly powerful. It nails the emotion of each scene perfectly,  I found myself in the gallery at times just to enjoy the music more and just how beautiful the artworks really is.I did not even think about downloading the demo because I think it would be best not to spoil before buying it.My only complaints is that it has no voice acting which would be really great if they do.Funny that we have to scroll back & forth Selphine's and Ritona's change scene for 50 times and stare at Rune stabbing Marco scene for 2 hours for achievements xD10/10 would stare at Rune's stabbing scene again for hours"
76561198067527386,Recommended,286260,20786252,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Moonlight,"I love this game, from its story to its music. It is a quite linear visual novel, about a royal guard and the princess she protects. I sometimes put this game up, just to listen to the music.  The art is great, some scenes really tough your heart. Only real dissapointing thing is the ending, somehow it just doesn't feel good to me. Like this was not the original ending, but something they sqeezed at the end as an epilogue to the second Fault  game.Pro's:+ Great art + backgrounds+ The music is absolutly fabulous+ Story ( eventhough is linear) is very good+ Sociopath- achievementCon's:- No voiceacting- The end feels rushed and doesn't fit to the rest of the story to me"
76561198255298697,Recommended,286260,24917656,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ryotzalcoatl,I was pleasantly surprised by the depth of the story. The suspense compelled me to keep reading and made me miss some sleep time.
,Recommended,286260,24881821,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TOP KUYASHII,Great art and sound albeit a bit short. Part of a trilogy but the plot for part one is self-contained and interesting enough to tell a great story.
,Recommended,286260,14168501,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zoel,"A pretty good visual novel.  I used to be kind of aghast at them until I played Blazblue and realized that I was starting to get annoyed with all of the combat scenes in story mode.The VN has some very glaring grammatical issues but nothing earth shattering.  The basic core and setup to the overall world is pretty generic.  Magic, people use mana, etc. However what fault does very well is create a compelling character portrait of a character that calls herself ""Rune,"" the introduction and explanation of whom is essentially the entire arc of this episode.The game ends on a cliffhanger, but only after firmly resolving the episode's central storyline."
,Recommended,286260,20528420,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Trude,"A story of royalty, war, magic and..JUST KIDDING WE SCI-FI NOW."
,Recommended,286260,19456000,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MaulanaMP,Cute girls doing cute thingsInteresting world-buildingAddress real world problem with magical analogyDefinitely worth to read
,Recommended,286260,21630023,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Blackfangx,I thought I would never cry during a VN after Planetarium.I was wrong.
,Recommended,286260,23591537,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,FarahTDU,Beautiful visual novel that has great music and a story that will surely tug at your heartstrings.
,Recommended,286260,24526983,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xteria,"In the span of 5 hours, I experienced emotions I never knew was possible to the point of tears. While the story initially focuses on the two protagonists, the rest of the game focuses on the third girl, Rune. At first I wasn't quite sure I felt about this but as I went further into the novel, the further I became engrossed in the story and characters to the point where I needed to know what happens next. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes anime/manga/visual novels to pick this game up because it's well worth the money. (Preferably on a Sale)"
76561198019324660,Recommended,286260,21955007,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Unfolded Waffle,"Love the story, though anything that is able to evoke an emotional feeling usually is good. This did not dissapoint me, though I am now wishing I bought the sequel when it was on sale as well. If you are a fan of VNs (more specifically kinetic VNs), I would highly recommend it. The BGM was amazing, the visuals are pretty nice, and there is a few good laughs to be had."
76561198136157336,Recommended,286260,23008728,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,RedGhost (赤い幽霊),This game's music are really something. If you couldn't understand the conversation yet music can help to feel this atmosphere.P.S. : My english can be suck. Deal with it.
76561198129446098,Recommended,286260,21090747,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Qwaser of Argon,"A very nice and interesting VN. The story is actually a story so there is content insted of it being lewd, it is more like a Manga rather than a eroge. You are instantly pulled into the story and with every click you will not want to stop reading. I would recomend this to any one who want a good read with some feels."
,Recommended,286260,18240668,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pokenatic,"Following a surprise attack on Rugzhenhaide Castle, Princess Selphine Rugzhenhaide and her body guard Ritona Reighnvhasta find themselves in a faraway land as their escape route using manastreams has been damaged. Before they can really start their journey back to the kingdom of Rugzhenhaide, they meeta girl named Rune, whose shrouded past attracts their concern.fault milestone one is the first chapter in what is expected to be a long running series of science-fantasy kinetic (linear, non-branching story) visual novels that details Ritona and Selphine's journey back to Rugzhenhaide. Story-wise, most of the visual novel is comprised of flashbacks after the first couple chapters which also gives it the feel of a mystery story. While it is the first installment in a series, the main story for fault milestone one self contained as the overarching plot for the series takes a back seat once Rune gets introduced.The visual novel's UI is pretty basic for a visual novel, although it's pretty dolled up so it doesn't look like a generic visual novel UI. Regarding extras, fault milestone one has galleries for music, the CG images used throughout the story. There is also an encyclopedia which gives further details for many of the terminology, mainly ones regarding mana and manakravte, this world's semi-equivalent to magic, used in the story. However, there are no character bios.Clocking in at around 5 or 6 hours, fault milestone may seem a bit expensive at $15, but the gripping, emotionally charged story is well worth the full price."
,Recommended,286260,24707187,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,マー、いい,"Fault was a very hard game to get into at first, there is alot of world building which drains on. After that the game was amazing and sets the standard high for VNs on steam."
,Recommended,286260,21698361,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,basilinna,"I wish I could click yes at least five times to emphasize how enjoyable fault milestone one was.When I bought this game I thought I was signing on for a relatively light-hearted romp through stock fantasy tropes. Oh, there's a generic fantasy kingdom under siege! Oh, the princess is sheltered and naive but endearingly kind-hearted, while her bodyguard is stoic and taciturn but not unfeeling!Instead what I got was a five-hour assault on my emotional well-being courtesy of the most dysfunctional family ever.I really want to personally thank ALICE IN DISSONANCE for stabbing me in the chest with a butcher knife and leaving my still-beating heart lying on the floor while I cried, actually cried real, salty tears, in pain."
76561198014700538,Recommended,286260,23116768,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jessixia,"Such a beautiful looking game, art and style is so nice, the camera effects as well. Was very impressed with this, great work :)"
,Recommended,286260,19658984,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Raymond,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAspectsRatingNoteDifficulty★☆☆☆☆Just enjoy the storyGameplay★★★☆☆Simple and useful controlGraphic★★★★☆Really great. Well-painted 2D artwork.Secret★★★☆☆Only secrets to unlock some achievementSound★★★★☆Suits the storyStory★★★★☆The story contain some fantasy and psychology element.Pros+ Great artwork & music+ Great storyCons- Some english translation need to be fixed.
,Recommended,286260,23258515,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TheMountMaster,"The game starts off with a battle scene so you might be wondering if it's just a battle visual novel at first.  However, this is definitely not the case.  The beginning may seem slow to some as it did for myself, but the story really starts to pick up after the first two hours.fault milestone oneis a story that delves deep into the characters' pasts.  It explores the psyche ofRuneand what it really means to be human.faultis a game for those that enjoy visual novels where a rich storyline is the main focus of the game.  If you're looking for your typical ""get all the girls!!  Unlock all the H-scenes!!"" kind of game then this is not for you.The sequel to this game is even better than this first installment.  You will definitely not regret buying this game and continuing with the series.Visuals 9/10Soundtrack 9/10Characters 8/10Story 8.5/10Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,286260,16979272,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ikeda Ritona,"Game's story is really good. A good buy for VN lovers who want a story and not a cocktease. Probably my favourite Visual Novel i've played since the story was amazing. I may have not played that many VN, but i've played Nekopara and think fault is better than Nekopara, so you know that this is the real deal if i tell you that!"
76561198047587429,Recommended,286260,23141010,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Schizophrenic Automaton 01,"What an amazing story. this visual novel will make you cryShame on you if you came for the yuri , because this piece of art of a story will make you love your siblings to boot xDA must own for every visual and regular novel reader especially that this is technically my first visual novel that i've ever completed!but since i'm not a native english speaker , i had a hard time fetching every meaning to every word in this meticulously executed wonder of a novel , so be on the lookout for rarely used formal words if you were new to this genere.I can't even wait to read milestone 2 as i'm writing this review , claps to Sekai Project <3"
,Recommended,286260,16691396,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ODB-418 'Foehammer',"I enjoyed the stroy this VN told. It gave an interesting plot of an alternate world with and without Mana following a princess and her freind. I recomend this game to anyone who:First, enjoy VNsSecond, enjoy a slow paced game without much actionAll in all a great game and I can't wait for Milestone 2 to come out!"
76561198064491025,Recommended,286260,21671184,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Quagsir,"Well, this is the start of a fantastic series to come about a princess, her guardian and who they encounter along the way on their journey to get back home.Firstly, the story. The story is brilliant. Especially for an original piece of work some might even call it spectacular, but I struggle to use that word seriously. The story is about a princess and her guardian as they have fled their home and war using a temperamental magic. Using this magic they find themselves not where they expected and in completely unfamiliar territory. Before they get home they need answers as to where they are and how to get home but as they dig for the answers, they dig a bit deep into a mystery of the town and find themselves in serious danger. Before they leave, they need to solve problems that threaten who they find themselves caring about all while in serious danger themselves.The characters are nicely fleshed out, and each have a non-stereotpical personality however, you may be able to pick out the inspiriations for these characters which may take away from the experience for you. I instantly recognized the story of one character in particular but it didn't stop me from liking them.The artwork in this game is pretty damn good and it isn't all aboutdem girlseven if pretty much all of the cast are female. Combined with the good soundtrack there is a pretty nice atmospheric feel to it.All in all, this visual novel is a fantastic start to the fault series and a great entry into visual novels in general if this would be your first one."
76561198247700500,Recommended,286260,22128852,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Angels-do-Exist,"I've played both Fault Miletone one and two.  Both of them are wonderful and I think that anyone who enjoys visual novels should enjoy these. The art and the music are first class, additionally the characters are really well thought out and interesting. The story draws you in leaving you wanting to know more. I know it did for me."
,Recommended,286260,24403627,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,LazyLaza,"LOVED IT!The story - It's engaging!The characters - They are lovable. The author did a good job building a sense of connection between them. and with the readers too. Would be better if they can speak with VOICE.The soundtrack/BGM - Great! Suits the atmosphere in each scene. Love the one at ""The Tavern"". The mood is just nice.The art - Eye-pleasing anime art! If only they are more animated, it would be be great!The emotions - ""Why do I even write this?""RECOMMENDED!"
76561198053394534,Recommended,286260,13883727,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Eterodon,Great story !!!
76561198094686828,Recommended,286260,19944556,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Musrar,"Fault milestone:one is the first VN that I've ever read and I must say I loved it.The well crafted plot that grows wider as the story goes on and finally interweaves with itself to create such a wonderful story to be read, the beautiful art (though little different scenarios) which include character's designs, scenario drawing and effects making and the delightful and appropriate soundtrack that creates the right atmosphere for every situation are what mainly create this gorgeous VN that also contains some philosophical thoughts, mainly sci-fi based that at first glance don't seem like it.I do recommend reading this VN because it can look less than what it really is. There are some parts that can be quite long and tedious but at the end is not slow-paced at all.Buy it. And now it's on sale ;) (Buy also the 2nd part that I'm about to buy as well ;) )"
76561198023504749,Recommended,286260,21677973,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Primo Teonori,"This review is for anybody who has never read/played a (linear) Visual Novel and wonders whether he/she should invest his/her money in this kind of experience or whether this particular one is worth the weight. This was my same question some time ago when I downloaded the demo of this game. Spoiler: the answer is yes.Well, a lot of time passed before I decided to buy the game. At first, I though ""well, I appreciate what I've seen so far but I'm not gonna buy it. I won't appreciate it as a novel I do nothing to shape in anyway. I want real routes, at least!"". Then I eventually bought fault milestone one on sale, loved it, and then bought and devoured fault milestone two as well.I used to think I could never appreciate VN. I just wasn't into the genre, maybe. But I really love the work put in by the developers, as it really can be graphically and plot-wise awesome and personally meaningful at the same time. The story is awesome and convincing, there is no flat character, not even the ""bad"" guys or not even the secondary ones. And, jeez, you don't shape the story, but the story does shape you.tl;dr: Feels, good waifus, beautiful story-line, amazing plot-twists and top-notch fighting girls. Just throw your money into it and experience all the tension and the relief this story sapiently tunes in the right way."
76561198120498361,Recommended,286260,18646355,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sensei-Malfunction,"Nice art!Lovely music! Really catchy!Very well written, they use a lot of different words, and does seldom repeat themselves! Using a quite advanced language.A good story and the whole world they live in seems intresting, how they use their magic and spells!The only negative thing is since its not the  simplest thing to understand all the text at once, then there comes a part  were its just a lot of text on the page and no picture, and felt a bit heavy for read in a game and maybe .( at least for me >.< )  But of course worth reading anyway!And I hade actually expected to do choices and that alterd the story somehow, but nope.I enjoyed this game! And do actually give it a 10/10, since I liked the story and the characters!"
76561197983259695,Recommended,286260,32331247,Posted: 10 June,all,Nicki Graus,"Pros:+ nice immersive story+ dramatic, mysterious and emotional throughout the whole story+ beautiful art style and CGs+ awesome soundtrackNeurtal:* no unnecessary fan service* no unnecessary flat/vulgar humorCons:- basically exactly one storyline, despite given a choice at one point- at some points the story advances just too quickly without explanation of what happenedOverall I loved it and would absolutely recommend it to anyone interested in fantasy stories.Looking forward to reading milestone 2."
,Recommended,286260,20508281,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Daedalus,"I feel sorry for myself since there's some word that i can't comprehendnevertheless, i enjoyed the art, soundtrack and story-wise, it's worth the money i spent on it8/10 for the overall ratingwould throw 10/10 if Ritona get a VA"
,Recommended,286260,20445227,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mike,"Some beautiful visuals and surprisingly good soundtrack, however most characters seem a bit predictable and lack depth. They are not annoying though and we might see some character development in the future installments. The setting is interesting and the plot is pretty good for the most part. There were some pacing issues but nothing horrible."
,Recommended,286260,20603611,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[GC].cellusc,"so fault was my first visual novel i've ever played, and i have to admit, it was beautiful.i really loved how the world is well made and unique, giving more sense of curiosity.a really immersive story which might make you smile and cry. i think they put up a really beautiful story and neat plot.i think the best thing about fault is how the story always makes my curiosity takes me to an immersed feeling inside the story.with those being said, fault milestone two is also a must!!"
,Recommended,286260,20011227,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CogitoProxy,Will make your kokoro go doki doki desu. Actually an immersive 4 hours and no fan service or pandering. I am actually shocked. Looking forward to pure anime maiden simulator milestone 2.
,Recommended,286260,20223800,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,"Tyloo, The God","As someone who does not read a lot of visual novels, I would highly recommend Fault Milestone.It is well written, the art and music are both very well done and it takes you on one of the most interesting journeys I've ever read. Even with elements of magic and fantasy, the story feels real, every character is memorable in their own way and the ending had me almost crying. It's a good length, I finished it in just over 8 hours, so it doesn't feel drawn out or too fast paced.The ONLY thing I disliked about Fault Milestone was the lack of decisions. Some other visual novels have you make lots of decisions that take the game in new directions. During my read of it, there was only one choice. Even so, I would not consider the lack of decisions as a fault in the novel, it tells an absolutely brilliant and fantastic story, even if it does so linearly.I very highly recommend Fault Milestone to anyone, even those who have never read a visual novel. Try it out, you might be surprised."
76561198074995450,Recommended,286260,27857959,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,memes-,"So, what can I say about that game?It's got a great atmosphere, cute characters (mostly female), and the best storyline of all visual novela I've ever played!Recommended to play for each, who's got a lot of spare time for great game!10/10"
,Recommended,286260,17683281,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,NarrackUK,This VN has a great story and awesome music.I bought this on a whim now i regret waiting so long to buy it.
,Recommended,286260,17535262,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Chogos,10/10
,Recommended,286260,17576803,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,arcane.supernova,Utterly Fantastic VN. The Story is fantastic and Deep and makes you fall in love with the characters.It definently leaves you hungry for the next game.
76561198017868697,Recommended,286260,24491409,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Baka Master,I liked it. I enjoyed it. Is there anything else to say?
,Recommended,286260,19867122,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blattdorf,How have I not recommended this VN already? It's pretty darn good!
76561198012553799,Recommended,286260,13567930,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Doggiebiz,"I find this story has a clumsy start, and the jargon in this game is quite a bit confusing sometimes. Howerver, I do enjoy the overall story quite a lot. The artwork look quite cute and lightheart in contrast with a very serious and sometimes dark story. I am looking forward to the Milestone 2."
76561198008640681,Recommended,286260,13754017,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fayth,"I really enjoyed the story. Though, it is does not boast uniques themes, it presents them in fun and still intriguing way.Story aside, artwork is great and has a 'wow' factor on key events. The music is simple and has a low budget feel, but does suit the mood. The writting is a bit drawn out at times which I'm unsure if that is due to translation difficulties.Overall, think it's worth the playthrough, though maybe not if it's your first VN."
,Recommended,286260,18881368,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,∮Ñ ๑ î r ∈ ♫,"In fault milestone one, you will follow the first episode of journey of Princess Selphine Rughzenhaide and her Royal Guardian Ritona Reighnvhasta who are trying to return to their own homeland. The story starts with an incident mentioning an invasion of the Kingdom Rughzenhaide which forced both protagonists to leave their own kingdom.However, after they used their special vectakravte ''Riptide Effect'' to escape, they failed to control the spell and were teleported, instead of the expected destination, to the border of a city known as Kadia, in the Outer-Pole, which is at the other side of the planet for them in comparison to the distance between their kingdom that is in the Inner-Pole. Soon after this, they encountered Rune, and here, the prologue ends......This is not a total Science Fiction, nor a replete Fantasy. It is rather settled as a human drama influenced by the 2 genres above, with a length of 4-8 hours in a read-through.In this VN, we have pretty, dynamic, strong and shocking melodies inside the soundtracks which really played a good role as a support to the story, I have to say that the creators did put a lot of effort into making this visual novel on its story, design of graphics and composition of soundtracks,. Therefore, I would like to say that it is a good example to other VNs.Positive remarks+Beautiful and touching story.+Well-designed graphics+huge varieties of genres of soundtracks in order to support any circumstances of the story effectivelyNegative remarks- a little translation mistakes(P.S : I don’t know why my timing record is 114 hours)"
,Recommended,286260,29711369,Posted: 4 February,all,Fat Bastard,I'm not that much into Visual Novels but I got to say this one really got me interested in the genre.
,Recommended,286260,13521112,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kitty,Ten out of ten.It was very good.
76561198082313163,Recommended,286260,13475105,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Spear of Adun,"It's a nice, short story.Not much I can say that hasn't been said already, but just keep in mind that despite what it looks like (and the first chapter), this isn't actually an action/adventure VN. Whether or not that's a good thing depends on your tastes, I suppose, and future ""milestones"" (i.e. sequels) are likely to be a bit more action/adventure-oriented (who knows, though).Anyway, nice music and visuals. Plot is fairly decent; some feels at the end.Oh, and the font kind of sucks I guess, but you'll get used to it."
,Recommended,286260,34868497,Posted: 10 September,all,CodeRed_Sama,A VN worth the actual price. It's well written and directed. The characters don't feel bland and the music is really good.This is now my most favorite VN until I find something much better. Now off to play milestone twoP.S. It's more of a novel with animation than a VN so don't expect choices.
,Recommended,286260,13951434,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CaptainVanguard,"As someone that has eyed a number of steam visual novels pondering ""should I give the visual novel genre a try?"" This was my first time as a virgin to the genre.And I am not dissapointed.To anyone trying to get into the Visual novel flare, this is your thing, it is exactly what it says it is, a visual, novel.It may seem a little underwhelming, where are the light sabers, where are the tactical rpg elements, where is the sword and sorcery?Well there is none, if you're not into that kinda thing then this genre in general probably wont be for you, nevermind this book.So, as a book, since thats what I regard it as, how was it?Spoiler free opinion:I rather enjoy stories that have depth, this one didnt dissapoint, with a beautiful art style, an epic soundtrack to accompany it, I found myself deeply engrossed into this novel all the way from the beginning to the end.  Its 6 hours of my life well spent that really pulled me into the franchise and has me excited for the future.If I was to give a few minor gripes, the translations are a little awkward but I can forgive it since the context of the story was still relevent.  It also lacks VA which, while I dont necessarily find that a bad thing, reading the entire thing from start to finish can be a chore for people that dont have any patience.It also teases you with the idea of a choice half-way through the game, though I dont think that the choice actually affects the ending or the story, it seems ot be more of a personal preference.  That might make some a little dissapointed since it railroads the experience but what a railroad it is.The story takes us from start to finish on a rollercoaster that constantly makes sure that your reminded of events previously so you dont die of boredom like most novels might throw at you.  This series made me cry in the first volume alone a few man tears of empathy towards the progression and characters in this story.This stories strongpoint is how much a persons life can change and what gives them the ability to do so, it also surprises you with depth from anime steriotypes that might be cliche at first only to completely catch you off guard later.As to its ending? The mother of cruel teasers for the next episode that left me squeeling ""god damnit I want to know what happens next!""I really ""really"" enjoyed this as a first timer to the visual novel franchise, I avoid Harem and Reverse Harem for a reason and I was glad to find what I was looking for, a visual novel in the purest sense.And I am not dissapointed, at all."
,Recommended,286260,25123132,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TylerCU,"Purchased this ages ago on sale and forgot about it. So, one day, I decide to play it and realised that all this time I've had a gem of a VN just waiting in my Steam library. It's quite short so I finished it in a day but the superb: writing, story, characters and art easily makes up for it. Honestly a brilliant gem of a game.TL;DR I would HIGHLY recomend picking this game up."
76561198056897075,Recommended,286260,16065291,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PaWe,"The best visual novel I ever came across! The art, music and story are stunning I highly recommend 'Fault' to anyone with an interest in novels!"
,Recommended,286260,28815216,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jackzera,"This was my first Cinematic Novel and I wasn't expecting something that good. It's a short novel but I loved it from begining to end. The good points were:+characters are lovable and they all have more than meets the eye;+story, this is the first chapter but it's already set in a well constructed world+art is gorgeous, those characters and scenario are stunning;+music is ok, sometimes music and scene doesn't seen to blend wellThe bad points were:-no voice acting-only 1 point of interaction"
,Recommended,286260,29358084,Posted: 19 January,all,saut@μ’sic Forever,"Sinopsis:In a paralel world where magic is normal and used along side with science there is a kingdom named Ragzenhaide where it is raided by a very powerfull enemy. Their objective is to kill the princess selphine so she can’t be used to conduct the kingdom special magic path down. Hot on their tails and no where to escape Ritona is forced to use a new and untested magic to escape from the enemy. The magic succed but they are not teleported to the place they want instead they are teleported to an unknown place where magic is almost zero.In short the vn takes place in miedeavel country but they could use magic, while their civilazation looks like they are in the mid victorian era they are actually more advanced than that time probably on par on world war era.In the part one of milestone it is about how Ritona and Selphie try to go back to their country but that prove difficult because the lack of map and communication to their homeland. Then they met Rune who helped them but instead of going back they are entangled in her affair and in the end helped her before they could continue their journey.In part two they are still trying to go back to their country and got guided by sol in the next town, similarly they ended up helping sol but not because they want to but more like they have toNow let’s go to the ratingStoryThe story is very good, in part one it feels more like a detective story than a war story. But it really are written beautifully. I like how they portray a human, their emotion and their memory. It makes you think about a lot of thing.There are creepy part too in the story and it is brought up beautifully.They have good world building too and this is shown in how the characters interact with other environment which is very different from their hometown. The magic and how it is used are particularly well thought outWell if I need too point out the cons is there are place where the vn doesn’t flow nicely. The pacing is rushed but for that particular place.In part two has more about the economy and politics in a town. It has also a very divided wealth gap where in one part people are struggling to even live and in one part one can live into a nice old age. In this part it is more like a war story in which the characters use their wits and power to achieve their goal. There seems to be many additional hints about the mistery surounding their characters and so on. I like how they portray the tragedy that befall on the unlucky citizen. The ending which is bittersweet is also good too.I don’t know how will the part three fold out but I hope it would fold out beautifully, and because the next title is about a prequel and not a sequel it seems the end is still quite a far awayBGMI like the bgm and it really brings out the situation and so on.If you like fantasy and mideval country this is probably for you. Not much to complain from this series really"
76561198200512163,Recommended,286260,16628721,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BlueQbe,"As an vasual novel player I really enjoyed this title and i'm awaiting the sequel.   Rating: 8.5 / 10Being used to voiced VNs i had a hard time convincing myself to try it out. I think thats one of the disadvantages of the game, because some of the scenes are way to long with player reading a text and nothing happening on the screen. Another problem i had was with music ending in some scenes leaving me with reading in silence, i don't know if it was just me being slow or just game working as intended.The history behind characters is very intresting and captivating but the story is very short, spanning about 5 days making the gameplay lasting about 6 hours.One of the biggest advantages is the character desings being very colorfull and making them very expressive.As short as the game is it is worth playing, the are some places which could be improved but this being the first title for this studio you cannot expect much also thats what sequel is for."
,Recommended,286260,29483666,Posted: 25 January,all,Mayannaise,A great VN! 10/10 Would get lost in foreign land again
76561198077100502,Recommended,286260,16354016,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nyx,"Only played 30 something mins, but this game is 8/10I havent made it very far, but i wish there were more options, and you could choice the battle style and or get into the fights. etc.The story is beautiful and they put a lot of detail into the lord and gave words meaning.The graphics and character design are amazing! And so far no boobs wiggling and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clothing, finally something without a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ prog."
,Recommended,286260,22734042,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AvantAveGarde,"Beautiful art, amazing sound and great characters/story. Would recommend"
,Recommended,286260,22411796,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Lenny Leonard,Interesting story worth the time and money
,Recommended,286260,22745189,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Takemikazuchi,"Definitely worth the money, would recommend to any VN aficionado as long as one tolerates a fantasy setting. More serious than I expected, quite a ride. Quick breakdown below:Story: Very well done. Managed to get an emotional response out of me, which I must say is pretty rare. Though it started out rather slow and forced, by the end of the second hour I could not put it down, the development is rather bizzare. A point to note that it is very linear, I have encountered but a single choice in my playthrough.Visuals: Nothing extrodinary, but very nice nonetheless. CGs are plentiful and well-drawn. However, one could say character sprites do not display a very wide range of emotions.Music: Good enough, but I am no expert.Interface: Standard VN issue, I've encountered no problems."
,Recommended,286260,23948941,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nightmare Moon™,Picked this up during the 2016 summer sale and all I can think is that I missed a real gem when it first came out. Though a VN I can't help but feel engrossed in the story and world thus far.
,Recommended,286260,25659806,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Awarmpantsu,A great read
76561198021091814,Recommended,286260,26174138,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,zhangliao322,挺有趣的，有中文看起来真是快，就是情节有些短。利特娜真是好看。
76561198037533043,Recommended,286260,24248226,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Darthfrodo7,"A great indication that you've just played a fantastic visual novel can be when it's cliffhanger ending has you yelling out, ""WHAT!? NO! KEEP GOING!!!"" This game definately hits the mark!Nominated for Steam's ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" Award for the revelations throughout the second half of the game's storyline."
76561198031123827,Recommended,286260,34638171,Posted: 31 August,all,Eugster,"To a fault, the story of this visual novel takes its time to reveal itself.  After the initial tense encounter, the narrative then takes the reader through a series of seemingly unrelated diversions before tying things up and reaching a satisfying conclusion at the end.Selphine and Ritona are so cute, they are wonderful protagonists!  (I won't mention anything about Rune, to avoid any spoilers.)This visual novel is completely linear.  The story should be read and cherished on its own right, without any expectation for the reader to control the game at all.  There are like one or two decision points in the game but they do not appear to significantly affect the overall plotline.This isn't a romance or dating sim, which makes this such a nice diversion from the multitudes of other visual novels out there.  fault is a fantasy adventure story about a princess and her guardian, taken into a faraway land.I found some of the world-specific technical terminology used by the game to be somewhat distracting (similar to technobabble in Star Trek) as opposed to drawing me deeper into the world.  But the distraction is minimal, and I'll also be the first to acknowledge that other readers may disagree with my opinion and wholeheartedly soak up the geek-kravte.This visual novel is the first chapter of a series so there will be many loose ends after the conclusion."
76561198398893965,Recommended,286260,34660937,Posted: 1 September,all,Rynax,NO FAULT NO LIFE!
,Recommended,286260,23881817,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Onionknight,"Absolutely amazing. Out of all the Visual Novels I own, this has become my favourite on steam. The feels ...but the cliffhanger is a pain. Luckily Milestone Two is out."
,Recommended,286260,29648927,Posted: 2 February,all,Ading,"*gonna update this review when i finish the game*pros:-GREAT Artwork.-Amazing soundtrack music.-Waifu-able heroine.-cute gurl.-bonus artwork.cons:-NO VOICE ACTOR.-prologue text disappear too fast,i cant even read the whole prologue :(but still 9/10,great game."
76561198144617432,Recommended,286260,16521133,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,100_Pandamania710,"RECOMMEND THIS ONE!!PROS:+Epic story line+long story (12hrs on my record)+characters, artworks are beutifully drawn (ze artist must'ave put alot of effort on this one+could keep yourself contained at the screen for hours (at least it worked for me)CONS-Those who like about a special relationship between two individual different gender of Homo Sapiens/ or any other creature alike aka love will not find it here (im not talking about the love between a mom to her son but the love between a boyfriend and girlfriend that hasn't been to the marriage phase)Kept me at the screen for hours, saddening/ touching story at late chapter (successfully puts me to tears) but otherwise great storyline. Still the first one, i hope the second one is coming up soon (theres a demo for it already). Overall i really recommend this one for all those VN lovers out there.SCORE:12/10 EPICIm going to end this one here. Thx for reading, hope this review is helpfull to you guys :DWould made Ritona mad but she threatens to silence those who mess with her or Selphine... -_- She's cool tho.. and i loved it!"
,Recommended,286260,22361829,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,who dis,"Unexpectedly well written, it hooks you after an hour of reading! The main conflict drove me to tears. Also, the Enceclopedia and Gallery are super nice! The cliff hanger in the end is very promising."
,Recommended,286260,22558422,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"I wasnt expecting such quality and heart from this...""Milestone One"" is a complete VN in every sense of that word.Bringing out the most beautiful human feelings into a daylight in this linear story.PS: Now excuse me I still need to sob a little on the menu screen."
76561198077732442,Recommended,286260,22788175,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ak,"I was warned beforehand that this would make me sad, and that it did. It's well worth the four hours of your time.Excellent compared to the other visual novel offerings on steam."
,Recommended,286260,25401236,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bakachopper,"Just finished it. Wow I loved it. The story was very captivating. And the music was very nice. I would definitely recommended this. I didn't realize the end would be such a cliffhanger, I guess that's why there is a part 2.7.3/10"
,Recommended,286260,15965013,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Uni✰Chan✰,"Oh damn, i like the music in this game, make my mind stunning.the art is good so i enjoy this game so muchworth to buy !"
,Recommended,286260,13384161,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Techim,"Didn't know anything about this until Sekai Project revealed it on Greenlight.Loved the title music when the demo was released.Having access to the full Kinetic Novel now, ----JUST FINISHED THE GAME EDIT---and I like what I read/ heard throughout the KN. For me, the story has some pretty strong themes, made even better to imagine by pretty good and appropriate music.There are many themes covered in this supposed Episode One alone;if I were to sum it up in my own opinion, it would go like this:Magic vs Magic.Magic vs Science.Science vs Religion.Religon vs Corporation.Science vs Humanity.Friendship vs Fate.Friendship vs Magic.Now from those; Fault Milestone One may sound like some a heavy and serious story, but it actually does a nice blend of those themes without obvious jarring. Though by the time you reach the ending of it, a certain story scene will instantly remind you that this is just a prologue and that there will be more episodes, hopefully.My only complaints:1) No voices.2) No plans for an OST release. In my opinion the soundtracks are really good.I put in about 3 hours to read the entire Fault milestone one.The rest of my hours? Just listening to the soundtrack.(I've asked Sekai Project about the OST in the community hub, you can check there)This would make a decent show if it gets adapted into anime. Ufotable, please =)"
,Recommended,286260,15976583,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,♠ Camilia ♠,nice storyline and music.You should buy it for the sake of Anime XD
,Recommended,286260,22929664,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Neo,Absolutely amazing
,Recommended,286260,16348023,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Iclucian Dance,"My biggest regret is that I idled this game for trading cards before playing it. I saw it during the Comiket trailer before it came out originally, then waited to get it ASAP on Steam. Then I ignored it for almost a year until I crafted (err... kravted?) the badge today and let's just say that I'm probably going to get this badge to Level 5 because I really enjoyed this VN.Artwork is great, and while the first chapter may seem like a fantasy battle-type story, it's not. Very surprisingly well-written. I haven't read too many VNs in my time but this was the first time that a VN has really captivated me without taking advantage of the fourth wall. I won't spoil anything about the story in this review, but I will say that it struck cords, and it struck them well.Translation is all-around okay. There are some parts I wouldn't agree with, but overall pretty solid. The names were pretty lolwat though.So yeah, if you're reading this as it's on sale: do it.edit: I have 9 hours clocked on this game, it's more of a 5-6 hour read. I idled for cards, left it on as I made food and ate, also I took time to compare English and Japanese text when I wondered about the translation."
,Recommended,286260,16252029,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,foxyflo53,This is my first visual novel I've played through. I was honestly a little bored at first but as the story progressed and became more complex I was hooked. I just wish it would have been slightly more interactive. The backgrounds get a little repetitive as far as graphics go but the story really makes up for it in the end. Can't wait for the next one!
,Recommended,286260,24457103,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,I See Only Darkness Before Me,"AWESOME, ITS A MASTERPIECE! THIS MUSIC, THIS CHARACTERS, ITS ♥♥♥♥ING BEST VN I EVER PLAYED!!!"
,Recommended,286260,20100864,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,¤Ałapso¤,"Damn, that was an emotional roller coaster. I honestly didn't expect much from this game, but it definitely exceeded my expectations. There were times the dialogue seems to drag on, but other than, it was a great read. The soundtrack I especially love.That ending though what the ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,286260,28851499,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BouNcYToufU,"A nice a simple visual novel.  No real decision that you need to make, pretty much read through the whole thing.A great storyline and some great art overall."
76561198162680554,Recommended,286260,16083234,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PaRaNoiaC,"Feels... Dem feels... Q-QDat main menu... Rune... QnQSo beautiful... TATI need more!!! D;*clears throat*Uh... Yeah so other than the lack of voice acting, it's perfect :)Thumbs up devs :DHopefully the devs would translate the Encyclopedia contents to English too... There are somenerdspeople out there (like me :P) who'd like to read it ^-^=UPDATE(5th June 2015)=Thanks devs for fixing the Aeroratum achievement and adding English translation of the Encyclopedia :D"
76561198164156723,Recommended,286260,33597757,Posted: 16 July,all,ZephyrSprk,"(TL;DR at bottom)Fault is a series of cinematic novels that are released in milestones (episodes). Currently only two of them are out, with a prequel story just announced. First off, I just want to say that the artwork and music in this are fantastic. They are gorgeous and well done, a pleasure to view and hear. This is probably this game's biggest selling point in my opinion (apart from the story itself). Because of these amazing aesthetics, the game environment feels real and tangible, allowing you to immerse yourself seamlessly into the world. And what a world it is. The setting of this story is very well explained through a mix of straight exposition and character dialouge. This is part of the larger fact that the story is very well told. The writing is simple and easy to read, but conveys a complex and wonderfully deep story. Although it may be lacking in some areas, it is a deeply touching story full of equal parts comedy, tragedy and drama.Unfortunately, not everything is rainbows and happiness. There are also a number of cons when it comes to fault. I mentioned earlier that its aesthetics were its primary selling point, but that being said, the selling point is kinda high. I managed to get both them when they were on sale, and looking back, i definitely wouldn't have bought them full price. As gorgeous as they are, and even with how amazing the story is, they're just too short. This may be because I'm a fast reader, but I got maybe six to seven hours out of both milestone one and milestone two. Compared to other visual novels, that's ridiculously short for the full price. But hey, maybe that's just me being a broke college student. The other con is that it isn't voice acted. Although it didn't bother me so much because it reads really well and didn't need the addition of voice actors, for the price you pay I feel like it would have voice actors and I was kinda dissapointed when it didn't. The only other complaint I have is that I really want milestone three!All in all, I don't regret buying Fault and I'll probably buy the next release ""Silence the Pedant"". (Even though I'd rather have milestone three).TL;DRPros-Gorgeous aethestics-Fantastic storyCons-High Price-No Voice Actors-Really short"
76561198228141868,Recommended,286260,33743810,Posted: 23 July,all,Sparrow,"This is definitely one of the fantastic games that I have ever played. The most impressing scene of this game is the hug of Rune and Rudo and their mom's memory, it brings me the feeling of what emotion is and how important emotion is to human. I have lost my true emotion for a long time, and I recently find that I am numb about emotion because I feel nothing about breaking up with my girlfriend. Maybe I don't truly love her because she always lies to me, but she stays with me for a long time, I should feel something, but I didn't. However, this game tells me the meaning of emotion - to feel alive like a human, and emotion is born from our memories and experience. That's important to me, and I hope anyone who cannot feel real emotion or has been living under lies for a long time to try this game, it really save my heart.P.S. Selphine and Littena are so perfect~Rune is so cute and pure. I love them all!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,286260,15887988,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BigRage,"If you like a nice Visual/Kinetic Novel with a great storyline of fantasy, magic, and exploring, I would highly reccommend picking this one up. It has been a long time since I had such a great time reading a visual novel which had no player choices in them at all."
76561198124675387,Recommended,286260,15298747,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,PalindromeIsntOne,"Honestly, I would like a thumb that is neither up nor down.In truth, I found it pretty meh to start with. There is a great deal of info dumping that isn't done as well as it could be, and a lack of either translation skill or original eloquency made it feel a little disappointing for the first hour at least. This is not to say it is bad, but a discerning reader would struggle to say it is worth the price. However, a lot of credit must be given to the effort and depth of the world building, which feel rich and intruiging, and the last half to third of the story, when you truly learn about Rune and her family, is enchanting with a satisfying emotional payout. The art style and music are both beautiful.In and of itself, it does have a slightly unbalanced nature, feeling that despite the info dump the core of this episode centres around the Rune mystery and I feel the info about magic wielding could have been better woven in and more succinctly delivered. I can see that it might balance better with additional chapters, but those only intending to have this one episode will likely feel partially disappointed, as the cliffhanger ending doesn't flow that well from the end of the arc and the world-building doesn't get the level of exploration that would mitigate the amount of exposition in this game. Whilst not unbearably, it does 'tell' at times when 'showing' would be better.Overall, I feel inclined to forgive its pacing and writing style shorcomings due to its other perks. Do I regret spending my time with this game? No. Would I recommend it? If you like the idea of it upfront, yes. At full price? No."
76561198126468970,Recommended,286260,15211591,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Crystal-Hero,Truly An amazing Gaame
,Recommended,286260,34171841,Posted: 11 August,all,michi84o,"This novel is basically Star Trek in a fantasy world. The main protagonists come from a pacifist kingdom with a violent past that managed to resolve its problems and even got rid of money. At the beginning of the story an unknown force attacks the kingdom and princess Selphine and her bodyguard Ritona are forced to retreat. Those forces are led by a woman, Melano, who seems to be omnipotent. By accident the two protagonists end up on another continent near the pole region that has nearly no mana. Since people there cannot use magic they solve problems using science. Selphine and Ritona have to leave quickly or otherwise they will suffer from mana shock and will never be able to leave the continent. They meet a girl called Rune, who helps them out buying equipment. When Rune tells them to meet again the next day, they are greeted by Rudo Zhevitz the CEO of a large local company. He tells them that Rune won't come for a dramatic reason [details would be too much of a spoiler]. At this point we are already at chapter 3, but now the real story of this episode unfolds and discovers the dark history of Rune and the Zhevitz family.This is also the main issue I have about this novel. It nearly takes half of the chapters for the main story to begin. But it’s really worth it. The artworks look great, with the exception of some less detailed backgrounds, and the music is also very good.It is interesting to read how different common problems are solved by this manaless society. There is some technobabble to explain certain things in the world. As a Star Trek fan I welcome it. Speaking of Star Trek; you will find a lot references while reading this novel, starting with Ritonas uniform and other things like the Aeroratum which acts like a Universal Translator. Or just read the intro of the first chapter: The kingdom sound pretty much like the Federation. Their rulers have a technique to pass to all of their experience and personality on to their successors which reminds me of the Trill. Of course there is also a mind melt scene. Melanos character is like Q. One of the last chapters is even named after a famous TNG episode which’s name would be a big spoiler. In my opinion the story of this novel captures the essence of Star Trek better than any of the new movies, even though it has no space ships.If you like science fiction and fantasy, you will probably like this visual novel. If you’re still not convinced, just try the demo. It will let you read half of the chapters. The demo made me buy the novel and its follow-up episode."
,Recommended,286260,21198974,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Arakris,"Note: These are all my opinions and this is also my first review, soo... take it easy on me.Fault Milestone One had many pros to the game.Pros:First off, let's talk about the artwork. One of the biggest criterias for buying a game for me is the artwork (and storyline). I know, how shallow. But Fault Milestone's art exceeded all of my expectations and the CGs were stunning. It definitely drew my attention when I first saw the game. It also had an amazing storyline and it was well delivered. I teared up a bit (a lot) at the end, but that's probably just because I'm sensitive. It had a very powerful message at the end and the CGs complimented it well. The music is another plus to the VN. The OSTs matched the mood perfectly.But like all other games, Fault Milestone One also had some cons to it.Cons:What I didn't like about the VN was that there was not much of a choice in the storyline, but I guess that's to be expected. There really isn't that much to complain about, so I'm just picking at the small details. In the beginning, there was a lot of information thrown at you that you later forgot. I had to look up half of the magic terms the characters were talking about. In the end, it was also kind of confusing because you didn't know who's perspective it was in, or whether it was in the present or the past (a memory).All in all though, Fault Milestone was an amazing game! I would definitely recommend it to others. Especially if it's on sale. I'm looking forward to playing Fault Milestone Two!"
,Recommended,286260,20998675,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NyunNyun,"I've already own the pirate copy of this vn. Then decided to buy it on steam while it's on discount cuz I want to support the developer. I read it all over again and I'm still crying. It just show how good the story is, worth my penny."
,Recommended,286260,22773145,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Nanakoro,"This is seriously the best visual novel (series) I've come across. Period.The story was incredibly well thought out, and the characters were amazingly fleshed out. Stunning visuals and on point soundtracks add an extra layer to the experience. Not to mention this is only a part of something grander...Seriously, any person looking for a rich story with spectacular character development need to take a look at this gem."
,Recommended,286260,21401244,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Drank,"The story was fantastic, and ends in a way that leaves the player excited for the next chapter. Great soundtrack, fantastic artwork, and memorable characters make this visual novel worth a run. Unfortunately, there is no voice acting, which may deter some players. They spend a lot of time fleshing out the details of the world of the game, which at times can detract from the main story and bore the reader, but may be an attractive feature to those who enjoy such intricacies."
76561198052254704,Recommended,286260,21474682,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ghlen Livid,"TL;DR: if you like fantasy VNs with well thought-out worlds, this is for you.Pros:+ Art. It's nice to look at. Really. Presentation is also really good, sometimes even stretching definition of ""VN"" somewhat.+ Story. Theme is very interesting, characters are believable. Plot twists are not very obvious.+ World. There is much world-building going on, and it's really interesting, at least for me personally. It's not your run-of-the-mill fantasy world, and much care was put in making it somewhat logical. It's not the case of ""it's magic, just roll with it"". That said, world-building tidbits aren't integrated very well, so it breaks narrative somewhat.Cons:- There isonechoice in the whole VN. Which changes effectively nothing. So, just bear this in mind.- As I said, world-building can get in the way of narrative at times. Not a huge deal, but can sometimes be a little jarring.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with it, so a definite thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,286260,22772576,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Deekoe,"I don't usually write reviews for anything but this novel....wow. I bought this on a whim during the anime steam sale this past weekend. This was probably one of the best visual anime novels I have ever read. I was expecting a somewhat entertaining story, but honestly I was not expecting much. I did not expect to be taken on a deep narrative story that pulled no punches. All the characters are fleshed out very well and the plot is pretty great taking unexpected turns and keeps you guessing. Kudos to the team who made this. Already bought the second chapter and am looking forward to seeing how the rest of this story unravels."
76561198043435107,Recommended,286260,24176608,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jacklives,"This is an almost completely linear fantasy visual novel that serves as the beginning of its series. The story of just this title is entertaining and enjoyable but I can't say that I'm sold on purchasing its following chapter.Pros:+Fantastic character design and art style+Characters are great and become more fleshed out as story goes on+World-building is phenomenal and also integral to the storytelling+World-specific terminology and concepts are interesting without being convoluted+Pacing starts off slow and then significantly picks up after an hour or so of gameplay/reading (which is typical for VN's.)Cons (mostly personal preference):-I didn't particularly enjoy the music. It was composed well but the instrumentation sounded extremely basic and I feel like a lot of key elements in the story could have been made much more impactful with instruments that didn't sound so cheaply thrown together and MIDI-esque.-Considering there weren't too many backgrounds used in this novel, I feel like they could have been designed and illustrated much better.-Cliffhanger ending is cheap and left me feeling thrown off and abruptly disappointed. I'm never a fan of conclusions that essentially incentivize you to spend more money on the next entry to answer one or two basic plot questions. I would have felt much more positively about purchasing the next installment in the series had the story in this one ended on its actual note instead of throwing nonsensical curveballs at me.-A few typos in the text were fairly distracting.TL:DRAn interesting and unique VN with non-anime-tropey characters, phenomenal world-building, and story. Definitely get this when it's on sale. I was under the impression this VN was going to be a major portion of the two MC's journey but it was only the very beginning (which could have been my mistake). I completed this VN in about 5 hours so the valuation is completely up to you."
,Recommended,286260,15041876,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Rinnsanity,"I was going to put this massively thought out review here to explain all the things that were amazing about Fault Milestone One, but honestly I don't know anything about Visual Novels because this has been my first one in about forever.To put it in a simple way- If you don't get this VN, you'll never understand how to be a Manakravte Master, and you'll never know how robots truely feel."
,Not Recommended,286260,14199941,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheManko,"Fault Milestone One has the worst opening I’ve experienced in a long time. I wanted to get attached to the characters, to know who they were. But instead the game bombards you with exposition about the magic system, with the most convoluted dialog imaginable.It didn’t help that the music was very excited about what was going on, like there was supposed to be an action scene there. Instead it was just two people throwing lame one-liners at each other, talking at length about their amazing magic techniques. Apart from the nice artwork it screamed “made by amateurs”. But since I’d bought the damn thing, I was determined to continue. Surely at some point it’d introduce me to the cast and story. And eventually it did!The story is intended as the first of a series. But as an opening it’s a bit bewildering the way they’ve done it. The main characters hardly get their due. The focus feels confused. Maybe because the creators wanted to make it episodic, they dove straight into a side story, which feels like it’s stealing time from what’s “really” supposed to be going on. The story has many good moments, but it’s buried under a lot of crap.I wish they’d done things differently. Like the opening scene introduces a bunch of characters, which are all irrelevant because the story moves somewhere else. They’re obviously coming back later. But what’s the point of giving them 30 minutes of screen time in the opening, when they’re ultimately not part of this story? I also can’t stress enough how awful the exposition is. I just can’t recommend this. It’s not entirely awful. I kinda understand why there’s so many positive reviews of it. You just have to have a very high tolerance to♥♥♥♥♥♥in order to get to the good parts. I hope episode two is better."
,Not Recommended,286260,17956155,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,expert on that topic,"+nice world building+nice localization, I guess?+the main villian is a touhou+koko a cute+her autistic friend a cute-too bad we see them for like 5 minutes total-MCs are idiots, and they aren't even male self inserts-poor writing and horrible pacing-80% of the story is literally filler unrelated to the main plotline-you wanted some cool fantasy fightscenes? too bad! there is like one at the very beginning-the MC, being a misantrophic bodyguard, is, of course, a pacifist who can't take a life even if her life depends on it-boring ost-uninspiring artstyle-muh compassion-poor understanding of psychology while trying to write a realistic sociopath-like character. the result is neither entertaining nor believable-no yuri. not even subtext. wtf-7 hours to read it all. at most.Expectations:failedBuy it only if you really want fun fun achievments or if it's on -75% sale."
76561198169372279,Not Recommended,286260,30895060,Posted: 2 April,all,antik,"This VN is very prettily made and its characters are all very cute. However, for something that is prose based, the writing is dreadful. The English script, at least, desperately requires editing. I can forgive wacky translations for fan subs, but not for something that is charging >$15.00I'm interested to see where the story is going. The worldbuilding feels unnecessarily convoluted and the story lacks sophistication thus far. Until the writing is fixed, I cannot recommend it."
76561198064337534,Recommended,286260,26295446,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ABOBin hood,Indeed worthy
,Not Recommended,286260,25673947,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mr.myshka,"Let me start by saying that I was so excited to play this game. The visuals looked great, there was a cool female protagonist and seemingly many other interesting and strong female characters...But it really fell flat in several ways.Without spoiling the plot, I can say that some important elements contained within it are very polarizing. Some people probably find them great, surprising, additions. I did not. In particular, the mature bits are not, to me, handled responsibly or even interestingly. Regarding Rune, I felt that much of the ""true story"" was mostly shock value with little substance or consideration. I kept waiting and waiting for the great writing to come into play, but sadly it never came.The characters are not very well fleshed out or interesting, and the music is fairly average. I understand this is a series, so there may be more development later, but I don't really care about it after playing this game. The characters and plot just aren't compelling, despite being drawn and colored beautifully.I tried to like this game until the very end. Some may not be bothered by the things I was."
,Recommended,286260,32188800,Posted: 4 June,all,Kurisu,Very polished with great story and great characters that you can actually care about. It is a little corny at times but that just the nature of the genre. Definitely give it a shot
,Recommended,286260,29402927,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"The first episode of fault establishes the characters, their situation, and the world they're in, while making little meaningful progress in the plot beyond the starting point. Still, the premise is interesting enough that, supported by solid writing and lovely art, I think this series is worth getting into."
,Recommended,286260,15676917,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jak151,Wow
,Recommended,286260,14859694,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sentionix,Stuff happened
,Recommended,286260,24146949,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mxblue,"The game has an amazing atmosphere, and a well developed plot. Definitely worth its time, although full price feels a tad steep."
,Recommended,286260,22780469,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Smooth Vader,"Sekai Project's latest Expository Dialgoue Simulator was gripping and educational. 10/10, would use Skip Mode again.Not sure about the side plot with anime archetypes, though.Single binary choice left me with no emotional resonance."
,Recommended,286260,26512160,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,suke,"This VN is short but great.It starts nicely like how a J-RPG with a female lead does, then it gets better and better. It has the right 'emotions' in it, despite how it says it doesn't. Definitely a must-read.8/10"
,Recommended,286260,20738875,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,rgreat,Story: 7/10Characters: 7/10Video: 8/10Music: 10/10Overall: 8/10
,Recommended,286260,17952573,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Mirλiღ,"Beautiful game, amazing graphics. Flowing story line with a solid set of transitions between emotional and adventure. This game is worth picking up if you haven't already."
,Recommended,286260,23854504,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BOT Fixer,"I bought this solely because of1, The full japanese audio and interface2, The ability to switch betwene english and japanese at the press of a button.With that. It works as advertised. I'm not far into the story and don't particularly care as this is more a tool for learning than anything. I much appreciate the on the fly language switching it works seamlessly.The language used is quite eloquent and descriptive. It paints a strong picture."
,Recommended,286260,23794977,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,♠ Stale ♠,Ritona is best girl
76561198152727086,Recommended,286260,16491092,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,moonstne,"Definitly has some problems with pacing and too many contrived info dumps, but overall a good story and I can't wait for part 2."
76561198166322722,Recommended,286260,26457413,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bloody Mary,"I love this game and i quite the critic myself , when i am reading this to myself , i make different voices for the characters .Ritona - Badass sounding voice with a little bit bossy attitude , perfect for herSelphine - Russian tone with a calm and collected voice , sometimes when she says something wise, i will make her sound  more determined .Rune - Shy , nervous voice with a bit of curiosity .Im already at chapter 4 , well just began and im still going for it , i like how it is but sometimes i wish their conversation was a bit faster but that`s how visual novel is ."
,Recommended,286260,18921297,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Zeream,"Hey this is just another upvote for the game, okay? I am terrible at reviewing narratives (like VNs), so I'll just put this in perspective.I've played a bunch of visual novels, ranging from Katawa Shoujo to Muv Luv (which I despised). Honestly, fault is the only Visual Novel I've ever read that actually managed to be so good I wanted to throw all my money at it. Pretty much everything else out there doesn't compare to fault.Why? Well, besides being very well written with lovable characters that succeed at breaking away from generic anime stereotypes, it also has something very dear to me that every narrative should have; a detailed, fascinating world. Of course, it really helps that this world clicks with my interpretations and views of HOW FANTASTY SHOULD BE and such. I guess this entire review is sort of pointless then, because of everything out there fault is one of the only things that actually managed to click with me.So if you've heavy into detailed, intricate fantasy worlds with a spirit of adventure, a healthy dose of sci-fi, and covnersations about society and politics, fault is your cake.If a stickler like me can love this, then there is no reason you shouldn't."
76561198095448702,Recommended,286260,18925935,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tripfriend,"A story that deserve to be read, simple as that."
,Recommended,286260,15593553,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,"Wowie Zowie Bumbo Baloo, was this game great."
76561198120428177,Recommended,286260,19157284,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Supersonic Fire,I HAD MY DOUBTS ABOUT THIS GAMENEXT min i bought the 2nd season10 out of 10 would SKIP MY PSYCHOLOGY CLASS AGAIN
,Recommended,286260,26718351,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,STEFAN,"The art, music and storyline is f**king wonderful!. If you love a bit of twist plots and unexpected events, then you definitely should get this game! 10/10 would destroy a wall to play this game again"
,Recommended,286260,34302265,Posted: 17 August,all,thanbo,"The first chapters were like meh, but the end part is a good read."
76561197996866287,Recommended,286260,34356748,Posted: 19 August,all,zemesouvien,"Finally got to read this VN after it collected dust on my hard drive for more than a dozen of months. Was not expecting this much quality. The writing was poor during the prologue, but got to a good pace right after, the drawings and music were particularly enjoyable. Been a while since I read such a good fantasy story."
,Recommended,286260,34386894,Posted: 20 August,all,Deimos,"Alright - good characters and an okay setting, with pacing problems and inconsistent art quality. The story manages to intrigue and make the reader keep going, but the resolution is rushed and clichéd, and not enough questions about the overaching plot or the world are answered. That said, it is a fun journey that's not too lighthearted nor too dark, and the main characters have captivating enough personalities and motivations. A short, pleasant visual novel that could have had more substance."
,Recommended,286260,34165504,Posted: 11 August,all,JakeWells,I need this in spanish please! i need to show this to my friends who doesnt speak english ;w;
,Recommended,286260,22419406,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,KireusG,"Unforgetable characters, Epic Soundtracks and was made by Sekai Project!!! What are you waiting for? JUST BUY IT! AND SEE THE MAJESTUOSITY OF ONE OF THE BEST VISUAL NOVELS...that I've played :3  (My opinion :))"
,Recommended,286260,15150323,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,FTaira,"An interesting novel with deep meaning and thoughtful story. Great art style, as well as awesome soundtracks.This game makes you want to follow the story in the sequel, fault -milestone two-, where they continue their journey."
,Recommended,286260,31761446,Posted: 14 May,all,- \/G - TurtlePug's Spellcheck,Ok now I don't play many of these visual novels but not gonna lie this was pretty dope
,Recommended,286260,31594234,Posted: 6 May,all,OG(死八婆)FERY悲(死仆街),"The Story Was Good. Thats All I Can Say, I Would Highly Recommend This"
,Recommended,286260,24101820,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pokusan,"Just amazing.As soon as it ended, I knew exactly what I had to do...buy the sequel."
,Recommended,286260,19658724,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Qwertion,"I wish there were more VNs like this. There aren't really this many things, which can create such a void in one's soul, things which you will genuinely miss for a while."
76561198078622064,Recommended,286260,27153229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,星空风云,"I love this game!By the way, I need fault2 Chinese version!! please!"
76561198315884992,Recommended,286260,27401956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$ugarDaddy,"the game starts a bit slow, but it has an awsome soundtrack and the girls are ♥♥♥♥ing adorable. Rune is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing i purchased part 2 after 2 hours of play im hooked."
,Recommended,286260,27136035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arkan,recomended game for VN reader :D
76561198262768856,Recommended,286260,27509747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iza,"It's a nice a story with an abrupt ending but totally makes you wanna buy the second game, some explanations or discussion tend to get very stretched out especially in the middle of the game that can start to bore you a little but further on I like the character designs and CG's a lot. And some song of the soundtrack or really good and some are meh.If you like visual novel with an interesting back story story then  make sure to check it out."
,Recommended,286260,27553507,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stabby Disposition,"What a great read! fault - milestone one does an amazing job building a universe worthy of holding your attention. The characters are interesting, the story is engaging, and the art is beautiful."
,Recommended,286260,27615694,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Celsius ✘ Raspberry,Great story and soundtrack. Wish there was full soundtrack DLC. Lovable characters and emotional and thrilling story ;=;
,Recommended,286260,27771043,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shining_Falcon,"Author's Note: I will add more to this in the next few days. I WILL review of all my Steam content.My favourite Visual Novel on Steam.Avoids the usual fantasy, male-focused tropes and gives us (for the most part) original and potent emotional drama that develops well, keeps the cast to a manageable size, and shifts your expectations as the narrative progresses. The sequel is the better game, but this is what started it all. Worth playing and worth spending a weekend diving into.Thank you for a stellar visual novel, and I am looking forward to the upcoming prequel (and future milestones) in the coming years.Keep up the great work to all the folks at Alice in Dissonance and Sekai Project."
,Not Recommended,286260,33727732,Posted: 22 July,all,Shin 真 Caragenan,Nice art but the slow pace story and stereotypical character made me not want to continue. It just seems a bit too generic. The game is not bad per say but it cannot get a recommendation from me because there are more interesing VN out there in my opinion. Go try STEINS;GATE instead!
,Recommended,286260,14023723,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,trigo,its a good game you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198305257218,Recommended,286260,23093537,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,zenparalysis,"(> ” ” <)( =’o'= )-(,,)-(,,)-"
,Recommended,286260,33665110,Posted: 19 July,all,Whoppah!,Lit af boi
76561198240757898,Recommended,286260,25515280,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Garam,"A great story, really enjoyed it"
,Recommended,286260,25619469,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,cipuding1990,Love it~ <3 :)
,Recommended,286260,32121712,Posted: 1 June,all,khmerkamikazi,A very interesting Story and have good Art work with nice scene of every chapter.
76561198293019582,Recommended,286260,34430338,Posted: 22 August,all,Frairie,"Finally, I was able to finish the first Fault game. I just realized how much this game can consume your time with achievements.My Personal Opinion :Graphics - 8/10 (Graphics and Art is Decent.)Gameplay - 4/10 (Aside from Transitions and camera zooms, there really is little to no gameplay which means its like a novel your reading, what would you expect from a lot of VN like this.)Story - 9/10 (The story is the building blocks of this VN, So much details in its world.)Sound - 6/10 (Didn't really like some of the music but others hit hard at the right moment.)Series - 8/10 (The Series itself was growing popular thanks to the first Fault, and after reading and finishing the game I can tell that the story is well worth it.)Overall rating - 8/10 (The game itself is like Episode 1 of the whole series, the whole VN centers around Selphine and Ritona as they help Rune in her past, though it gives little story about our Selphine and Ritona but lets just hope the good story will get over in the next game.)Is it worth it? - Yes but do purchase it in discount or bundle.(The game itself was worth it, if you like emoticons about the characters, Profile backgrounds was so bad its just background scenery image of the VN.)Last Note : Selphine was Pure, Ritona was Cool, Rune was so lovable, anything else? The characters are the only thing that attracts me."
76561198117287101,Not Recommended,286260,13765746,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,minachiko,"If you are a really hard core visual novel reader who truly love any and all games in this genre, then you will enjoy this. However, for the rest of us here are some issues with the game:- The plot is ""okay"" at best.- The pacing was really painful. The buildup is barely there, you are just waiting for the occasional. 'Oh look, death and blood!! ..Cause that automatically makes things dark right? :D""- The writing is not fluid, and feels very jarring and elementary. Very hard to swallow, the translation is readable, but  Very Choppy, sometimes it feels like you are reading google translate.- The dialogues are very 'dramatic' and 'stereotypical anime.' It's a lot of shoved exposition down your throat, and not particularly written well or fleshed out- It's 99.9% reading dialogues- you get 1 choice out of the whole game that impacts very littleThis could have been something interesting to be honest... but... it's the 'could have been' that is the issue. Work needs to be done, and the concepts needs to be flushed out, the dialogues improved, the plot needs build up, and the creators needs to realize that, 'reading anime' is very different from 'watching anime.'"
,Not Recommended,286260,24333724,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Arsene-Lupin,"Fault Milestone is a fairly barebones visual novel with very good art, an intriguing setting, and phenomenal music. I enjoyed playing through it, more or less, from beginning to end.But can I really recommend it to other gamers?Not really.It's short. Super-short. There is exactly one choice for the player to make in the entire game, and the game ends right as the plot starts to, you know, *start.* What I at first thought to be a simple side-story turned out to be, in fact, the entire game."
76561197962281939,Not Recommended,286260,32226741,Posted: 6 June,all,DafT,"Played it for literally 10 minutes, so take my review with a grain of salt.  There is a ton of confusing exposition right as you click play, with the introductory text itself passing faster than is ideal for one to reflect on, and indeed grasp, the obtusely worded magical Germany-inspired world and setting. The writing and dialogue is just abysmal, and reminds me of how I wrote short stories in high school (and I'm not even a writer, heck I've likely made a grammatical mistake or two in this short review) - completely void of clarity, context, and consistency. If you want something that grips you immediately, or that's just passably believable, it'd be better to stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,286260,31849187,Posted: 19 May,all,Nuni,"[It's not that this VN is bad or anything - Steam is simply missing a ""neutral"" option for reviews.]TL;DR[+]pretty artnice musicstrong female characters[-]story itself is pretty much averageshortstarts kinda slow pacedno voice (?)[more]I got myself this game when it was on sale about a year ago or so - and it was pretty decent. The beginning seemed kinda slow paced - but the music & art is fine - so there is nothing to complain about.Yet I think since the gameplay of episode 1 [I still have to get myself episode 2.] was pretty short compared to the VNs I'm usually playing I'd recommend to wait until this game is on sale - so you won't ""regret"" anything on your purchase.Well - things seem to get interessting at the end of episode 1 - so I might edit this review once I got myself to buy episode 2."
76561198096573822,Not Recommended,286260,29014435,Posted: 4 January,all,Revised,"I got fault milestone one during the winter sale as my first visual novel. I was expecting an interactive story with lots of visual cues.But fault really disappoints on those things, it is basiccaly a short story on a computer moniter. And while the art is good, there aren't very many impressive visual scenes, it will mostly be you reading with a picture of the characters standing there with some minor changes in expression. It does have music that changes with each scene but the music itself is short and you will hear it repeat on a loop over and over again as you read through.It doesn't help that the story has been split so that you have to continue to pay to complete it, by buying the second and evntually third sequels.The story is interesting though and I suppose that's why it has such high reveiws. In short if you are looking for a good story and don't mind that there is no interactivity, and you will just be reading text on a screen and that it is very short for its moneyworth, then go for it. But I personally can't in good conscience reccomend it and I'm not really sure if I'll even bother with the second one, certainly not without another sale."
76561198122878867,Not Recommended,286260,34109671,Posted: 8 August,all,*****,"I've been at almost 1h and I'm BORED to tears.... And even a bit offended. I feel my IQ plummeting the more I click click click.This is NOT a game.As a novel... it's the worse. Inane arguments, useless blah blah blah and often just ""...."" in 1h I can sum up what I've learned in 4 short lines:-World with Magic-Forces attack and take a castle and go after the princess.-Princess and her guard escapes by teletransportation but they don't know where they have arrived.-Princess´guard is a pacifist?Do you think it can be any good if that is all you learn in 1 hour?Then there is the visual part, drawings are OK. But useless. It fails to illustrate anything, it's mostly people just standing there and minor facial expressions changing.Since the writing is so uninteresting and lacking I would expect that at least the drawings will give me some information. But they don't. They don't illustrate anything, they don't show anything, they don't add anything, they rarely provide details...In short:If you want a game: AVOID.If you are a reader: AVOIDIf you like drawings that are interesting for more than a glance: AVOIDI guess just... AVOID."
,Not Recommended,286260,15334373,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Harag,"This was a bit disappointing really.Now where to begin...The writing is all over the place. A perspective jumps from person to person sometimes making it hard to know who we are supposed to follow. The situation is especially bad in a part where they supposed to read each others mind but the magic lets them to keep certain thoughts to themselves. Let the chaos begin!The dialogs are a bit awkward and the character developments are happening suddenly out of the blue. A certain brother is especially guilty in this last regard.The characters themselves are ok most of the times except they seem to have a habit of acting stupid. (I mostly have issues with a certain father's idea of not letting his son to be lonely. Seriously... wtf?)I have to give points to the writing in regard of the two flashbacks though. That two flashback really is well written perhaps because they are told from only one perspective instead of several at the same time making them much easier to follow.The graphics and the sounds are mostly ok. However this game really needs a feature that allows me to color the lines of every character differently. Focusing on the story sometimes I didn't notice that a different character started speaking. Especially visible with a certain company's secondary bosses. I don't even know which sprite supposed to belong to which name!The game contains only one choice which doesn't absolutely nothing making it totally useless.However, I would still recommend this visual novel it weren't for it's price. it's 15 euros so yeah it's cheaper than most visual novels but:1:I'm not a fast reader and English is not my first language but I managed to read it in seven hours! There are games that not this long but they have gameplay.2:Even worse this game ends with a cliffhanger! Excuse me but would it be so hard to get a somewhat satisfying ending by finishing the story ten lines earlier?3:This game was funded on kickstarter. Which is good really but it means that translation costs were covered before the release. So how came it's in the same price category as some other not kickstarter founded Visual Novels?If you really want to play this Visual Novel I won't stop you because in the end it's still entertaining. However, I suggest waiting for a discount because this game no way in hell worth 15 euros."
,Not Recommended,286260,30079091,Posted: 21 February,all,Cookies,"I have to admit that the artwork is good, and the story is not too bad.Although the game has an overwhelmingly positive review, I do not truly enjoy it. The length is not a problem since I have played many games of this length that I really like.I will not complain too much about the plain music or the lack of voice acting, but the story itself is not even engaging. The opening scene is not even related to the key story and the ending only reminded me of the opening scene briefly.This game is cheap though. You may buy it when it is on sale when you have no other VNs left.3/10"
76561198128859000,Not Recommended,286260,30290679,Posted: 2 March,all,a taxi,This visual novel is not good. Either badly written or poorly translated.Wouldn't recommend wasting your time or money with this.
76561198017614485,Not Recommended,286260,24103125,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Shrike Arghast,"I quit within the first 10 minutes. Whoever translated this needs to acquire a thesaurus - you can't use the word ""girl"" to describe a character a dozen times in the first thirty lines of text and expect me to keep reading... either introduce the character's name, or find some other term to designate her with ('child' 'adolescent' 'teenager' 'teen' 'redhead' - I could carry on).Good writing doesn't make excuses, and it certainly doesn't play with a staccato repetition - it FLOWS, like the freaking force. I'd also remind the author of a certain truism in book publishing: if you cannot sell your audience in the first three paragraphs, your novel is going back on the shelf. Such is the case here... or would be, if I didn't have to purchase the thing before I knew how unsoundly-assembled it was.I'm sorry I bought it. Thank God I got it during the Steam sale."
76561198030134010,Not Recommended,286260,35206051,Posted: 25 September,all,cyrosystems,The story is just text on the screen with no voice acting.
,Recommended,286260,18450558,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Ventuswill,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKo9U_llha8
,Not Recommended,286260,24773740,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,henwo?,"I made it about two minutes in before quitting for good. The writing is an absolute mess - it's like it hasn't even had an editor look at it. The tense randomly changes between sentences, the prose is purple, and it's just... so... frustrating... to read.I'm sure the story is nice, right? I'd love to learn more about the setting. But I can't get past the writing."
,Not Recommended,286260,23301100,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,fierysolkitty,"NOOOOO!!!This game is so boring and terrible!!!If you like seeing characters bore you to death standing around using big words that make your head hurt this is the game for you. You will find yourself auto skipping this game just get through it. I am regretting the purchase so luckily i bought this game when it was 75% off and was $3. The same backgrounds are used through out the game no creativity, no action or fight scenes poorly done. I was expecting at least some cool cut scenes. smh. Worse novel I have gotten yet."
,Not Recommended,286260,14592447,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,miniprof,"I'll be frank, this review is based on a partial playthrough of the game, because I couldn't bring myself to finish it. I had massive discomfort with the treatment of neurodivergent characters: that is, the game involves at least one character who is established as having some sort of disorder (albeit a fictional one), and this character is not treated well by the narrative."
,Not Recommended,286260,16207526,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,willa61,"Starts off as a perfectly lovely story with strong female protagonists some of whom are coded as disabled and then it turns into a freaking HORROR STORY. Was not able to handle the type of horror and had to stop playing. If it had continued being lovely, I'd recommend it. But this...wasn't what I was looking for."
76561198007807564,Not Recommended,286260,22703312,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Drunetovich,"Can not recomend this as a ""game"" because there is actually no gameplay inside.This is more like an anime movie with subs instead of voice acting."
,Not Recommended,286260,31815952,Posted: 17 May,all,bunny1ov3r,"As a guy who have played quite a lot of VNs, some of the most basic things I'd consider as essential for a good VN interface/system are:1. (easy-to-find) hotkey for auto mode2. pressing enter for the next line does not cancel auto mode3. no ""lag"" in transition scene during skipping modeThis game somehow fails at the most basic point number 1 and 2, which is already a bad sign.AND it's selling for a pricey $15 for a 3-hour playing experience on average, which for fast readers like me are more like 1.5 hour, with no voice acting whatsoever."
76561198009690982,Not Recommended,286260,13548326,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ilu,"!Disclaimer: As I have been made aware and checked the games discription states that it indeed is a kinetic novel, so all points in regard to that are only criticising the user generated tags while the publisher properly disclosed it.First things first: DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME""!Why? Well there is a multitude of reasons which I am going to list right here.You may already wonder: "" How can you judge the game if you only put ~40 minutes into it?""Well that is thanks to the fact of the handy skip buttones which might be one of the few good things about the game, alongside the music and the videos, aswell as the prolouge everything else is pretty bad.So what is left to be hated?We got the storythe writingthe fact that you should not format an actual novel like thisthe fact that this is hardly a visual but rather a kinetic novel (you get 1 yes a whole lot of one choice during the         game, in chapter 3(equal to holding down the spacebar for 10~15 minutes depending on your settings for text speed   and transitions)which affects a whole 4, yes four lines of dialouge or monolouge, not to sure I kinda skipped  on it   because of the writing...)The last point is pretty much explained already which leaves just 3 more, so let's start of with the story.I am just going to start of with an example as to why you might consider the story bad,The whole thing starts of with anime loli girls slaughtering an entire city, sadly you are not shown the slaughtering only the less compelling ♥♥♥♥♥alking, and after a lot of pointless and boring dialouge you get the first bit on actual conflict between the presumable Protagonist(only character who ever gets narration from the first person perspective as well as inner monolouges)and one of the anime loli girls.The protagonist challagens her to a duel, wins and then goes: ""I won't kill you, I don't want to shed any blood""... Well apparently royal guards could care less about the life of countless guards and citizens as long as the princess is fine, because ♥♥♥♥ moving a finger for peasants...And what follows afterwards seems plain uninspired and average, hell at the end you don't get any real advancement towards anything, you only get sidetracked, read the story of some guys who I did not care about and then get a new companion, only to end with something that might just have been interresting.You meet the assassin who killed the king and then the princess goes somewhat batshit and wantsyou to incapitate her to do god knows what with her.To sum it up you get a whole lot of nothing for you money with a grand topping of disapointment.Now on on, it is time to talk about the writing.While this ""review"" might be phrased quite horribly and lacks any decent formating it should still be levels above what the game gives you, because you get a whole lot of captain obvious and useless information rather than something that makes you want to read it, it became an annoying chore for me 10 minutes in and got followed by a lot of skipping in order to find out whether it might be worth getting through it for something later on.not going to happen there is nothing there despite anger, disapointment and a feeling of ""♥♥♥♥ I spend money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;...It spells out everything for you, and does this with a whole lot of 1 or 2 lines of dialouge per screen, presumably because that was the only thing they thought you had to do to call it a visual novel, it isn't though...Which gets me right to the point of ""you should not format an actual novel like this"".This ""game"" is just a novel with horrible formatting which makes it a pain to read it and due to the writing it is not compelling to read, the whole thing that makes something a visual novel, to me at least, is that you can interact with the story in a, at least somewhat meaningful way, and that it actually adapts to your choices, kinda difficult with a whole grand amount of 1 choice though...In conclusion there is better free visual novels on steam than this and there are better VN for the same amount of or even less money, so as some kind of reward and at the off chance that you were not aware of the existence of these already I will simply list the ones I can actually recommend and are present on steam.Everlasting summer (for free)Fading HeartsHatoful BoyfriendRising Angels: Reborn (for free)Thanks for bothering to read to this point and please give it alot of thought before you spend money on this game, no matter the discount it got on it, because even for 1$ I could not recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,286260,13380590,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,abc,What is this font? Do you expect me to read this? I have no idea how anyone could read through this and think this font was a good choice. The font dosen't match the game at all. I am convinced that no one at Sekai project even cared enough to playtest this. How else could you explain the choice in font.
76561198076422609,Recommended,286260,17996706,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Combustible Lime,"I've read throughout the entire thing in a span of about 4 hours, with backtracking added into the timeframe as well for some scenes I misinterpreted. The following review was done with an overview of story and structure rather than presentation, which already passed since I wouldn't be doing this review if it hadn't.It is an interesting VN that intertwines two very different worlds. The outgoing princess and her serious-faced guardian jumps from a world of our imagination into a world very much like our own. While the base law that created the world itself stays intact, the world's faults (pardon the pun) evidently seperates the lands apart from each other so much, that the very rules and realities of the two societies seem almost as if our protagonists hopped worlds rather than continents. To put it into a better perspective, imagine as if our continents were so geologically and fundamentally different, that one half would be where it is right now, while the latter is barely getting into the industrial era.The plot of the first milestone, delves into the concept of human ego, or id if you will. It is a wonderful read on the basis of the human mind, and while might sound boring, is anything but. Rather than focus on the duo we get from the start, the main pinpoint idea surrounds alot of the side characters in actuality. While we do see the some character development for Selphine and Ritona, alot of the other characters get fleshed out so beautifully well in a way you feel as if they're truly important.Overall, I normally buy a book and finish it around this length for about $10 from a normal bookstore. Paying $5 or even $6 extra for visuals, music, and functions would probably be up to your personal preference. Overall, I reccommend it for it's excellent literary structure. Art, animations, music and everything else that pertains to a VN is all up to user preference, as is all media."
,Recommended,286260,17991570,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Journey Croix,I love this novel it serious and funny each character is very dynamic. It tells and amazing story and its art is just lovely.
,Recommended,286260,15808716,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jac1002,"The Pinnacle of Visual Novels. Even more then that, it's one of the finest works of fiction I have ever experienced in any medium.+A gripping story full of intrigue.+Engaging characters.+Wonderful art.+A World filled with well thought out lore.-The one negative is I want MORE.From the description and the demo I went into this story thinking it was going to to be all about Selphine and Ritona, I was wrong.They take a back seat in this chapter of the story because it is really all about a third character called Rune and a mystery that surrounds her.I was initially a bit disappointed that there was not enough about Selphine and Ritona making their way home. But the absolutely gripping mystery here is well worth putting that part of the story aside for this part of the series."
76561198031285054,Recommended,286260,17959549,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Yamisquall,"Magnificient, even though this ""first episode"" is clearly not the whole story. I didn't get this ""emotional"" about a Visual Novel since Clannad. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,286260,18052268,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Equinox,"I was actually expecting something longer than that, but I can't say I'm totally dissatisfied.A word of advice: 'fault milestone one' is not just a fancy title for the first full VN in a series from the same universe, it's more of a part one for the ""fault"" storyline...literally the first milestone in Selphine and Ritona's journey. The entire VN after the calamitous opening scene takes place in Kadia surrounding a character who introduces herself to you as Rune, so if you are reading this before deciding to purchase this VN, keep that in mind.I approached the entire experience (up until the ending smacked me abruptly in the face) as a long-winded segment within a much larger and potentially more interesting story, which left me fairly bored at several times as I did not invest myself very deeply in what was happening and merely wanted to move on after 10 hours, but which actually ended up taking something closer to 15 hours in total. So, it's hard to say how I would have felt if I had known better what to expect from start to finish, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and assume that I would have enjoyed it much more than I did, which I did very much enjoy it to be fair.With that said, it definitely felt like some things were repeated at various points during the story, literally being hammered into the mind of the reader so that no matter how uninvested you may be, you won't miss any details I can assure you. For some people, that may be a good thing and I definitely recognize this fault in storytelling as being a pet peeve of mine, so other people may not see it as nearly as serious of an offense as myself, but I'm confident in suggesting that this VN could have concluded in a significantly shorter span of time.~*~SPOILER~*~Also, there was that one graveyard scene that never made any sense to me. I understood that importance of what Sara said to Ritona, but was the eeriness surrounding that moment ever made sense of, or was it just some artistic license taken to give the scene more impact so as to cement the information in the reader's mind? It just seemed very contradictory to what the writer was trying to convince the reader of about Sara being the new, better v2.0 Rune with new emotional karate chop action, and Ritona never mentions the incident again. I feel like it was just a gimmick and any important it may have once had in earlier drafts of the plot were scrapped without also removing the scene itself.There was only one player choice, and I'll gladly admit I had only followed through with one option, but I have a distinct feeling that it won't matter very much given the way the story is split up between separate VNs. I can imagine that the choice will either lead to a dead end, or will be overwritten by the NPCs in the story, forcing the player to return to the selection in order to choose the right path anyway. I'll have to verify this.All-in-all I'd give it an 8/10 regardless of what the play choice holds I don't think it will sway my opinion one way or another. There is no voice acting, but the characters are all beautifully unique and don't stand out as being cliché. The writing itself is good (and especially the translation), but the scripting leaves something to be desired. As I mentioned before, some parts and information were repeated, unnecessarily long, or entirely pointless, which is forgivable in moderation, but you may find yourself being told the same thing again or reminded of the same details and suddenly feel yourself pulled out of the story as you think to yourself ""Yup, heard this already...moving on...""I would definitely recommend this, even if it's only for the lovable cast of characters. Definite waifu material within this VN. For $15, you're arguably getting your money's worth unless you just really don't like reading, or at least can't stand reading a VN without some kind of voice, be it native or foreign (Japanese in this case)."
,Recommended,286260,18272958,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PandaMoni,"Undoubtedly one of the best stories I've ever read (or watched), and I like to believe I've read plenty of them. ALICE IN DISSONANCE does a splendid job painting a well-thought out world that can and will immerse you in its depth, laying a solid foundation forfuture installments. The characters are also very well-written and multi-dimensional, resulting in (from a reading perspective) a full, well-rounded package of engaging storytelling, with plenty of seriousness and humour all around.That, and the artwork is absolutely beautiful. If you're into fantasy novels and the like, definitely give this a shot; you won't regret it (the art is a massive bonus)!"
76561198082952934,Recommended,286260,15325830,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[chrysanthemum],"After spending some hours in playing this game, i realize that this work is nothing sort of ""indie"" at all as it only lacked some animate effect and dubbing, However, for the depth of the plot, characterization, and art this game is on par with pro's only if you do not mind the absence of the animate effect and dubbing."
76561198096336362,Recommended,286260,18247689,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Tsukimisa,"Love it.One of the few VNs I like so far (next to Ever 17)Nice Plot/Story, Art, Music."
,Recommended,286260,18081288,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Muffinpenguin,Cute girls fight to save another cute girl.rune best grill10/10
,Recommended,286260,16968268,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kitaisu,Love the story. The art is beautiful and the music fits the mood wonderfully. Cannot wait for fault milestone two!!
,Recommended,286260,17263549,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,AsatorPrime,"Watched Doger play this on her channel and just had to get it for myself.In the sea of mediocrity that most Anime/VNs float in, this game definitely stands out above them and enters the relm of good stories."
,Recommended,286260,17200044,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,r4thehorde2,great story
76561198060828449,Recommended,286260,16404658,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Subzero008,"This isn't a game, but a story. A story that costs $14.99, unless you got it on sale.And as a story, this does have some major flaws in it. The two main heroines don't get much characterization, the translations have some grammar problems and...honestly, I can't think of anything else.This isn't a story about Selphine and Ritona, but Rudo and Rune, and that might feel jarring or annoying to some. It may feel incomplete to you, but that's because this is only one part of a larger story, That's the crucial part of this KN: It's only the first chapter of a continious novel, and should be treated as such.And as such, I wholly recommend this. It's a nice story. Regardless of the lackluster FX and slightly weird translations and such, I enjoyed reading this."
76561197996698207,Recommended,286260,16406304,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pretengineer,"Fault, it should be noted, is much more the ""novel"" aspect of a visual novel than most others one might read. Prepare to settle in, there's a good few hours of click-and-reading to be had. While I believe Fault is well worth the time, it is not without its stumbles. I have attempted to summarize the aspects I took issue with below, but if you are looking for a mix of fantasy and science fiction, read my review no further, and instead raed the VN!ArtPretty good. In the style of manga, with a nice color balance. Less animated than I'd like, but more than is stricktly neccessary. Fault is much more novel than visual.SountrackReally quite good! I am always surprised and delighted by a good soundtrack, and fault made good stylistic choices. The music adds a lot of emotion and energy to its scenes.World BuildingThe world of fault is quite complicated. The game engine provides a helpful encyclopedia of terms, depending on the reader's memory it may or may not be neccessary to keep track of the many items and concepts introduced. As of reading this first episode, the narrative jouney though the various countries, continents, and cast has almost raised more questions than it has answered. The world-building is good, and leaves me hanging, waiting for more.Cast of CharactersPerhaps it is difficult to be novel, when writing in the niche VNs occupy. The cast of fault are mostly familiar archetypes, given depth of character by long, expository backstory. Oddly enough, the protanists themselves may be the characters with the least explicitly given history! While not exactly new, they do not feel like tired tropes.StorylineThe story of fault is as complicated as the world, if not more so. ...And, I expect, only going to become more complicated with future installments. Spoiling as little as I can, I will say that the complexity is mainly by virtue of its episodic design; the majority of this story appears to be a ""sidequest"" for the protagonists. Whether the many characters introduced will be reused, I cannot say.Science/MagitechFault describes a rules-based magic system based on ""mana,"" although what exactly mana is has been largely hand-waved away. Despite the implication of rules, little is explained about the function of this mana, and highly complicated machines are hand-waved away as ""maga engines."" This magic is both combined and shown in contrast with technology, but the line is not defined. Frankly, the mix feels sloppy, but this may be only due to my desire to see the inner workings explored in depth.Game engineLooks good, functions, a little annoying that scrolling causes text to advnace forwards.Seems to be renpy, but performs very well! Less CPU usage than Steam itself :)Bottom LineFault is a good read. It's not very long, and while most of the game engine's features are not required, they look great, and are made good use of.I recommend it."
76561198063180532,Recommended,286260,16444936,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tolack,"If you're looking for a good story that leaves a lasting impact on you, then this is for you.I am glad I bought and enjoyed this VN - it was a pleasant surprise."
76561198062552799,Recommended,286260,15587606,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sereis,"Now this one is great!! I will follow and I am anticipating the next release!! Good visual novel, keeps you wanting more.9/10"
76561198076369155,Recommended,286260,16532287,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Felodese,"Beautiful story and beautiful art.I just wish that there were voice actors to accompany the reading, a speed option (I think its way too slow) and a hide interface option."
,Recommended,286260,16252789,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,CB007,This is a pure story Visual Novel aka Kinetic Novel. The characters and overall story arc are both interesting and likeable although the moment to moment character interactions can be a little on the dull or repitious side during the middle portions of the story. What was excellent though was the world building and descriptions of how this particular fantasy world works. It really helps this setting stand out and makes me look forward to future sequels building on these events and locations.
76561198132327681,Recommended,286260,16418118,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BlazingSeraph,This game is really great. The story is fantastic and the world-building makes me excited to see more of this fantasy world. The characters are amazing and the background story on one of the characters was a tear-jerker. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good fantasy story with great background information.
,Recommended,286260,16419514,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Smiguli,Pretty gud
,Recommended,286260,13824106,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Midnight [Haise],"I'll start this review with a story. One fine morning around the time of second breakfast I discovered a particular CS:GO item in my inventory that happened to be worth more than I actually payed for the game. So I sold it, came here and grabbed this gem of a visual novel.I've played only a few visual novels, some examples being Katawa Shoujo or Clannad, so I'm more than a little picky.Lets start with some pros and cons.PROS+Seemingly solid translation, I didn't notice any particular grammar mistakes.+Great artstyle, all of the characters and backrounds are really well-made.+Amazing characters, all unique and interesting in their own way.+An interesting over-arcing story that kept me interested enough to play the game in only a few sessions.CONS-My only real con is the lack of decisions you get, but it makes sense since there's no real ""main character"". Nonetheless this was a bit jarring, and the lack of freedom to make your own decisions makes it fall a bit short.Final thoughtsOverall, this game was an amazing experience, with a great story, attatchable characters, and an intriguing plot.I cried near the end, as expected with any good visual novel.***9/10***"
,Recommended,286260,13937655,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TOSHINO KYOKO,Do i recomend this game? F**k YEA
76561198025866250,Recommended,286260,13856738,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Fabulous,"This game is about two girls, Selphine, the Princess of the Kingdom of Rughzenhaide and Ritona, her Royal Guard. The royal palace of Rughzenhaide gets attacked by a mysterious group lead by a woman named Melano. In order to save Selphine, Ritona transports her out of the palace but they end up getting lost. Now, they have to find a way to get back to Rughzenhaide. Along the way they meet a girl named Rune and she is what this game is mostly about. There is a second part to this game, so I assume we will find out more about Selphine and what is going on between the Kingdom of Rughzenhaide and the group who attacked it. I really want to know what happens next so I'm glad the second part got licensed.The story did keep me engaged and I wanted to know what was going to happen next. I also liked most of the characters.The character sprites and the CGs are well drawn. No complaints there. The music is also pretty good especially for the intense moments. I'm glad it wasn't thirty second samples that repeat over and over again like in other visual novels made by small groups.I liked the mix of fantasy and science fiction in the overall world. The game can get caught up in technical jargon at times interrupting the flow of the narrative. All of a sudden the characters start explaining what something does and the story flow just stops. It's no big deal but it was noticeable. The game does have a dictionary explaining terms that come up and a pronunciation guide, which was helpful cause I had no idea how to properly pronounce the names of places.This is a fairly short visual novel compared to others I've played. It took me about five hours to read (I didn't skip the demo parts either). It is part of a multi-part series so it's not much of a negative. The font could have been better but it didn't bother me much. I did notice that they fixed the speed of the words in the intro. I remember that they used to be much faster in the demo. I consider myself a fast reader and even I couldn't keep up with the words in the demo. So that's good that they fixed that. As for choices, there is only one choice in the whole game. It doesn't seem to make a difference though. I may be wrong since I haven't played it again all the way through with the other choice. IAlso, there is no yuri. Most of the characters are women but I saw no yuri at all. If you are looking for yuri romance, there isn't any.If you like visual novels, buy this game. It seems like there is more to come. I can't wait till the second part comes out. If you don't like spending lots of time reading then this game's length is good.Recommended."
,Recommended,286260,13864100,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,xizro345,"It's a doujin Visual Novel game, with limited interaction (just one choice at a certain point, but the outcome doesn't change dramatically), the first one of a series - the second one being recently announced for localization but delayed in Japan for further testing.The whole game can be considered as a way to set up the basic characters and the world before starting with the real story (something that will happen in fault milestone two). The characters are interesting enough, and they are not that stereotypical. The flow of the narration is also good, save a few segments in which it gets a little too caught in its own jargon (but luckily the encyclopedia built in helps for this). The only fault I can find is that a certain event happens right at the end out of the blue, mostly for cliffhanger purposes, but I would have liked some sort of mild foreshadowing.Technically speaking, the game is competent: being a doujin game people can't expect a lot of backgrounds or characters, but the character design is nice and the CGs are well done. The music, though a bit repetitive sometimes, complements the scenes well. The game is unvoiced, but that is not a problem at all.The localization, from the looks of it, is generally solid. In short, a recommended title, even though perhaps the regular price is a bit high considering the length (around six hours) and no replay value unlike other Visual Novels."
,Recommended,286260,15913366,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Arbastar,"Well this game got dark quickly.EDIT: Good novel, tho a little short, cant wait for the next one"
76561198044169375,Recommended,286260,15734147,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SatoshiKyu,"I read a lot of visual novels. Truth told, Visual Novels have become something of a guilty pleasure of mine over the last few years. As long as it has good characters and a decent story I'll read just about anything. I think this one is probably my favorite. I can't really qualify that beyond saying that this VN was everything I expected and wanted it to be and so much more. The characters are fantastic, remaining consistent throughout. They all have their quirks and they all have their flaws  and each one feels organic and alive. Story in truth is less important to me than the characters are, but in this instance I found myself utterly entrhalled by the tale being woven.Normally I would never reccommend anything that is incomplete, just on basic principle, and as the title implies this is but the first part of a much larger tale. In this instance however, I cannot seem to help myself. And, seeing as the demo for Milestone Two has made its way to steam, I finally feel I can reccommend this to any and everyone who might wish to enjoy an absolutely enthralling read. Fault is, quite simply, a truly amazing thing to have experienced. I await the sequel with bated breath and the utmost excitement."
76561198048286259,Recommended,286260,14411157,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Boat-Sensei,"It's a fun little story to read, Music is catchy and the plot line is pretty good as short as it is, a few tearful moments but overall definitely worth the read through"
76561198163963490,Recommended,286260,14413462,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Coyote959,An addicting story. Looking forward to part two.
,Recommended,286260,14387760,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Paradoxicles,"Of all the visual novels that I've read,fault milestone oneis definitely in my top 10. Starts with your standard ""sword and sorcery"" fantasy and then morphs into something completely different and satisfying, throwing in bits of sci-fi, politics and culture clash; it's a great blend that works very well.If you're expecting your typical fantasy VN and don't like to see it mixed with other genres of fiction, then I suggest you look somewhere else. For all the others that welcome and embrace changes to the norm, then definitely getfault milestone oneright now!Though being fairly short (~5-7 hours) this is the first part of an ongoing series of VNs with the next being on par for localization and release within the next year or so. It ends on a cliffhanger, but the main story arc for this part involving a mysterious girl called Rune is concluded quite nicely and leaves you wanting more!Long story short: get this now! If you've yet to experience a visual novel this is a great place to start. Try the demo first if you're skeptical, but trust me: this VN is absolutely fantastic! Great way to start a new series.10/10"
,Recommended,286260,14516849,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ToastCrust,"I enjoyed this thoroughly! Whereas most visual novels offered to the West either lean heavily on violence, romance, or sex as their major narrative and entertaining force, fault milestone manages to distance itself from those into a more distinctive meld of fantasy and human, interpersonal drama. Some combat does indeed happen, but it is sudden and short, if nonetheless intent on explaining the nitty gritty details in the short time it happens.Don't expect the most groundbreaking plot threads and themes, but fault milestone one offers a competent and heartening drama and sets it in a world built that could easily have encompassed a lengthier RPG game. For a VN that features all heroines, it also treats them with a lot of respect in this first part, which is commendable. At one point, the heroines even discuss with disdain ""androcentrism"".Other notes:Features only ONE choice that does not seem to significantly alter the story, so for all intents and purposes it is a linear visual novel.The artwork for the heroines and some of the villainesses are all quite good, but the quality isn't as consistent when it comes to the side-characters.The script has a couple of nods to pop culture memes that feel pretty out of place, particularly the last one which may hurt the drama of the scene for you.Capes look ♥♥♥♥ing cool."
,Recommended,286260,15407846,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,hotdog,"<3This is one of the few stories I have ever read where I just can't put it down, or in this case close out of."
76561198159209778,Recommended,286260,16054692,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Clerericus,"""A Fine VN with decent BGM and solid story""Well the first impression you might get are as good as I am or other fellow readers who just bought it ""isnt this story about magic?""No, its purely scientific and how it explain the magic itself is so good that you might wanna read it again to convince yourself that magics or i could say ""Magickravte"" have their own specific explanation.But anyhow the stories does seems realistic, with all the psychology explanation and Social judgement."
,Recommended,286260,13990841,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MyNameHurts,Nice Story
,Recommended,286260,13973304,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Scylio,"The first chapter of the long journey of two girls searching their way back home. After escaping an assault on their lifes, Princess Selphine Rughzenhaide and her Guardian Ritona Reighnvhasta found themselves in a part of the world they don't known nor understand. Stranded in a strange land for them, they found help in the person of Rune - a local girl, which seems to hide a dark secret from her past.After getting through the VN, I was very suprised about the story. A fascinating world, where magic and science get mixed, suprisingly non-stereo typical characters, wonderful art and an overwhelmlng soundtrack.I'm looking forward for the release of the second part of the story! :)"
,Recommended,286260,14169769,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,'sian,"It's odd. I didn't really expect much from this VN, but it pleasantly surprised me. I enjoyed it so much that I thought to write a review about it. Plus it's not a high-school-harem-love-fest VN, so that's always nice.It opens a bit cliche-esq, with the kingdom under attack and a small force of magical girls (yiss) storming the castle looking to find and kill the princess (of course). There's a small battle sequence that's admitably pretty cool, and then we're warped to an unknown location in the middle of the forest. Blah blah typical fantasy setting with magic and swords and such.But as the story progresses, there's a lot more detail added. The town the heroines travel to shares almost no similarities with their kingdom under siege; and while that in it's self isn't anything new, I think it's handled very well in this VN. It doesn't pander to the reader with filler about how lost these two characters are. It jumps right into the depth and storyline of this new society, rather than silly antics that could have been used as a filler.The characters are likeable and all offer their own unique take on each situation, even as things seem to progress into the absurd. There were a few moments that didn't seem to make sense based what the reader has experienced in the characters. Like the graveyard scene. Why would Rune act that way towards Ritona?All in all, a good VN with a lot of promise. Looking forward to seeing what milestone 2 holds!wtf was that ending though."
,Recommended,286260,14973705,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Setherzam,The music and story for this game is great. Art style is consistant and pretty and there's even a demo to try it out. I highly suggest that if you're a fan of kinetic novels (VNs without choices) to get this
,Recommended,286260,16058887,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Cabooshy,"This game is on my list of best VN's That i have read for two reasons, the story and characters are astounding and the game made me cry. not many games that i have played have managed to get those sort of emotions to me."
76561198132649044,Recommended,286260,15983363,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Doiya,please get a voice actor. I really enjoy the story
76561198131779108,Recommended,286260,16097945,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ohiowar,Was interesting. Nice and short looking forwards to part 2
76561198089024105,Recommended,286260,15101840,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vilseriol,"The plot is great, music is beautiful. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,286260,15331953,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Haman Karn,The synopsis on the store page doesn't really describe how good this really was. This story gets pretty dark and there are a lot of feels. 10/10
,Recommended,286260,13762049,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rich,"From a sucessful kickstarter, beautiful art and story."
76561198067033031,Recommended,286260,24402790,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Blackatz,"A good story always starts in medias res, Fault - Milestone One is no exception. The story begins with a surgical and overwhelming blitzkrieg of assassins (or maybe freedom fighters) waging a war on an entire nation. Princess Selphine was targeted and barely escaped through a gamble of her royal guardian Ritona. The two ended up escaping half-way across the world to an unfamiliar territory and had to find their way back. This kinetic novel from Alice in Dissonance brings a satisfactory tale of trust and redemption through intricate world building. Although the plot is a tad contrived and characters unpolished, it entertains well with its limited size.Like many modern light novels based on fantasy/sci-fi settings, a self-consistent set of world mechanisms is a necessary platform to frame the values and the interactions of characters. In many cases, the entertainment values, sometimes shallow, outplaced thoughtfulness and consistency. The universe of Fault is based on mana, both an energy commodity and an essential life force. The manipulations of mana were elaborated in all details, sometimes as convenient plot devices and sometimes driving forces that bring together characters. In particular, it reminded me very much of a game I never got time to finish, the Tales of Vesperia. However, the magical setting did not, in the end, relied on purely unquestionable forces; both the basic properties and the applications of mana are heavily technical. Essentially, magic is an aid to daily life, still guided by basic scientific principles. I found them to draw parallel with computer programmers in a sense (with good comment sections called Path-Downs). The rigorous approach towards reason-defying phenomena called manakravte is reminiscent of other universes (such as Fullmetal Alchemists or Type-Moon) that are under strict and detailed guidelines, which made the exceptions—usually the main characters—quite interesting.The visual components of Fault was not particularly outstanding, but still impressive from a doujin publisher (considering how simple Tsukihime is with its background and character designs, the creators have spent quite a bit of time refining the characters). The main characters, namely Selphine and Ritona, are illustrated with great care. In addition, full frame event CGs, few but powerful, are chosen well. Most noticeably, the soundtrack for this installment is very strong. Pieces on tavern scenes, confrontations, and especially long-drawn reminiscence are great mood makers that made the overall experience memorable, distinguishing the somewhat cliché storyline at many important moments.As much as milestone one is a story about Selphine and Ritona, it is also a story about Rune/Sara and her employee Rudo. In fact, the more intimate connections were only made possible with the flashback from Albas in the process of Mind-Dive. The segment that made the biggest impact on me was Rune/Sara’s backstory told in Rudo's flashback and Cid’s letter, highlighting a single-minded pursuit to grant a wish that will surpass death itself. The use of flashbacks in order to present different facets of a single character is fairly mundane; however, the incorporation of mana into accelerated storytelling is somewhat clever. At the same time, the abrupt introduction to Selphine's ability was a bit convenient and unconvincing.The last CG is particularly tasteful after finishing the game, for the family of what-ifs. At the same time, the development of some characters seemed more forced than others, and scene switches in early part of the game were paced better. The second half of the story contained the main punch of the emotions, yet there were few breaks. The emotional buildups were quite good, but at the same time, quite exhausting. Because Rune's backstory is a bit heavy, for the Ritona who hesitated in early game, I would expect her reactions to be a bit more forced and uncomfortable.In hindsight, was the bar fight just to show off Ritona's legs? Well, well, they are mighty fine legs.On the other hand, the main antagonists, Melano and her crew, saw very limited actions in the beginning and at the very end. Not to spoil too much into Milestone Two, but I believe the game ended a bit too abruptly, although it could be said for the beginning as well. In the end, it is probably just a personal taste. That group represented a dynamic far exceeds the one between Selphine and Ritona (as of now), which I hope the authors will elaborate in the future.After finishing Side Above, I have to say Milestone One is so far the stronger work in the series. I am looking forward to the prelude. Even though Fault - Milestone One was not without faults, great soundtracks ultimately gave an above-average plot and fine illustrations the soul it needed for some solid entertainment."
,Recommended,286260,24614614,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JaggedMallard,"Great little science fantasy VN about a pretty neat ethical dilemma.Purely Kinetic apart from one choice and fairly short but the art, music and story is great and sets it up for the even better sequel."
76561198040904421,Recommended,286260,24710041,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Vesna,"For my first visual novel I thoroughly enjoyed fault: milestone one. It has a well paced story that delves into some deeper themes, the music is nice (nothing spectaculer), and the art is great."
76561197980241343,Recommended,286260,24587755,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198208161988,Recommended,286260,24581085,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,gamesofama,thank you for this great story! <3
,Recommended,286260,24519240,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vorthod,"I love this visual novel. It's a bit short, and the sequels haven't all come out yet, but I think it's got enough hilarious dialogue and heartwarming moments to say it's absolutely worth it. Not to mention that I loved every single one of the main characters both in visual design and in personality."
,Recommended,286260,24007388,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zin,Pretty good.
,Recommended,286260,24026207,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Unidentify91,"Good read, price is cheap during 2016 sale. If you're buying, make sure you get the whole series, you DON'T want to get only the first, trust me, I'm not an engineer (no, trust me, it's coz of cliffhanger).Story length is one of main concern for me, coz you know, cost/hour stuff..Duration: ~7hours (I guess you could see my game time)OST: hmm... 8/10, beautiful tracks but I don't really get hooked into them.Character's arts: Female 10/10, Male 6/10.Might be just me but, it felt like not much effort were put into designing the male characters.===Might contain minor spoiler (?), shouldn't affect your game experience in a bad way at all.There're some difficulty for me to read at first, mainly because of the foreign terminology, or rather unique terms they used, such as manakravte, commkravte, etc. But once you get the hang of those terms, everything will go smooth, since everything should be really familiar, for example manakravte is what we known as mana or MP, commkravte is just a type of communication based skill, such as telepathy kinda skill.===Definitely minor spoiler below here, not the story spoiler, but what you should be expecting if you get thisDespite the game appear to be kinda ""battle-ish"" fantasy(or maybe I'm the only one that sees this as battle-ish), the only battle scene you'd get is only in the beginning, and that's it. If you're hoping for more battle, this first series of Fault sequel does not deliver.===Bigger-minor spoiler below here, this is where I'm discussing bout the contentThe whole milestone one feels like a character introduction to me. The way I see the mid-content of this VN is that, the introduction is centered around one of the characters, which is about 80% of the content. You will learn about the character and also get disturbed by the character's ethical hobby(huehuehuehue). That's about it, main content is about the character that you will soon learn when you play.===All in all, it's still interesting. The story ended with a cliffhanger, (Goat darn cliffhangers, it's like love-hate relationship, you hate cliffhangers, but then that's what makes you excited to read the next part of the story). If you decided to get this, might as well get the rest of it (By time of writing, the series is not yet ended, and I haven't read milestone two, planning to read after reviewing, so here I go).Achievement spoilerNow let's talk achievements, there's this sociopath achievement that's ridiculously time consuming to get, you had to let the game stay at that scene for 2 full hours! what the??? well you could mess with your machine's time so no prob, but seriously 2 full hours?Then there's this not that kind of game achievement that requires you to keep looking back into that scene for 50 times, so you had to scroll back and forth for 50 darn times... welp, I completed all my achievements so yea, have fun for those who are planning to get this one."
76561198002020495,Recommended,286260,24042607,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gumiho-9th-tail,A nice enjoyable Kinetic Novel.
76561198142327767,Recommended,286260,33014551,Posted: 29 June,all,Nii-san,Excellent music
,Recommended,286260,32601403,Posted: 20 June,all,zilrite,Great story and love the characters
,Recommended,286260,31826300,Posted: 18 May,all,Top Plz,"As of the time I am writing this, I've read all of Fault Milestone 1 and Fault Milestone 2: Side Above. This review is for the franchise in general rather than Milestone One specifically.Fault is an episodic, character-focused epic fantasy with heavy world building and an intricate magic system. There is a central plot, but each Milestone focuses primarily on the main characters' conflict in a given region of the world before they move on to the next area in the next Milestone. So the central plot can be thought of as a paramount but sometimes overlooked catalyst and motivator for each sub-plot that occurs in each Milestone. Furthermore, Fault is a Kinetic Visual Novel, having no choices.If you want to play an epic fantasy visual novel, you should stop reading this review and play Fault immediately. You're not going to be able to find an epic fantasy VN as well-written and engaging as Fault. Fault is also a great choice if you want something with an RPG feel to it; where a small band of interesting characters go on a journey to accomplish some goal, developing their personalities and abilities and gaining new comrades over time.Fault's strongest aspects are probably its world buildling (including its unique and straightforward but complex magic system) and its focus on emotional sub-plots (character arcs). Only two Milestones are out so far (well, technically only one and a half), but it seems that each Milestone is going to focus on a different character arc with minor advances in the main plot. I imagine that the last Milestone, or the last few Milestones, depending on how long the series will go, will focus entirely on resolving the main plot after the characters have had time to develop, but that's merely speculation.There aren't any major negatives plaguing Fault that I can think of, aside from perhaps the weak follow-up on the main plot. The beginning of the first Milestone made it seem like the central plot was of extreme, immediate importance, but so far very little development has been made regarding it. Instead the characters keep getting themselves wrapped up in other people's problems, waylaying their own responsibilities. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, because it is what allows for such well-written character arcs, but it might annoy some players.All in all, I give Fault a 9/10. It's easily good enough to rival big epic fantasy anime like Magi and Fullmetal Alchemist in world building and character growth, but in failling to address the central plot anywhere near as much as it should, it falls short of what it had the potential to be."
76561198262969425,Recommended,286260,33258401,Posted: 4 July,all,银时,steam上一款不可多得的视觉小说系游戏！+精致的立绘与动画+饱满的人物与剧情+完整而又充满想象力的世界观+令人期待的展开+汉化的及时跟进-前期慢热，心急的同学可能会疲劳-唯一的选择貌似对剧情推动没有作用（笑）-丧心病狂的成就（大笑，或许是加分点？）这是一款你绝对不容错过的游戏，第二部已汉化，外传已出试玩版，心动吧少年！PS：特莉丝赛高！
,Recommended,286260,18333583,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"I quite enjoyed this VN, The characters are well written and I found the story interesting and compelling."
,Recommended,286260,18446468,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DeRockProject (jongyon7192p),"Okay, first, just play the demo. The demo is great. I have to write a little weird review for this VN. Here's why I absolutely loved it.Have you played Undertale? Don't worry, I won't spoil anything. (Even the stuff in spoiler tags is arguable whether they're spoilers.)(In fact, if you're still worried about it, just get the demo for this VN already and play it. This entire review isn't really necessary if you just check out the demo.)I want to note just one thing: the description of Undertale. ""A game where no one has to die"".Except, unsurprisingly, there are just a few characters where this seems to be impossible. Well, afterall, death is a part of life. You can't save an old man from his age, for example.It's poignant because no matter what you do, how hard you try, it's just not part of the game, so whacha gonna do, right? Among such characters, there's one character I've been obsessing over. One I've really felt for and connected with, yet nobody else seems to care about. Maybe it's because, rare enough for most, I've experienced depression, strong enough to feel that level of hatred, that some people may not empathize with.This game saves that character. I felt like this game saved me.As the top review states. This is a peaceful magical country attacked by rebels or something. The princess and her friend/bodyguard escape by teleporting away. Instead of their intended location, they fall into a place with no magic, just technology. When they're completely lost there, they find an awkward, but friendly girl who wants to help them. Rune... (Oh, and if you didn't yet, maybe watch that trailer video up there.)If you're still unsure... Get the demo! Please."
76561198131760365,Recommended,286260,18541049,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,chesteriv,"+story+characters+flow-typos (noticed about 4-5)+/- cliffhanger (I'm personally fine with cliffhangers, but I know that there are quite a few people that are not)"
76561197994565624,Recommended,286260,16586133,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Johnny RonBeard,"Farewell to dreams of peace 'cause now it's time to die.The story is set in a horribly and at times horrifically violent world, yet still has some really good moments.  Can be a difficult read at times, but also an emotionally engaging and worthwhile one.Rune..."
76561198022823605,Recommended,286260,16514667,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RoyalRaven,"ABSOLUETLY BRILIANT! I just finished the entire novel in a single sitting, and it was so great! The World they are in is really well built and the characters are so well defined. You get to love the each and everyone of them (or hate them, but they do that intentionally). The development of the characters are so great since you get to learn so much about them. I also Love the soundtrack!There are improvements to be made though (but I expect it to be fixed in the next episode). One thing is that the parts explaining the nature and terminology of the world is really clunky. Sometimes it fits well into the conversation, other times it seems out of rhythm, but it's to be expected, since they do not have an audience proxy at the moment. And even though the soundtrack is great, If you procede when there is a change in the song, the change is abrupt and also interferes with the rhythm of the novel. Backgrounds are also a bit lower quality than the rest of the illustrations.Overall though it was a great read/watch. Note that this is a kinetic novel, where there is no true interaction with the story. (You get one choice and I don't belive it interferes with the progression of the story at all)8/10"
,Recommended,286260,18663596,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"Very catching and interesting story, with lots of surprises and knowledge. It also has many morals, like one of my favorites was,"" Humans have no right delving into matters they can never understand. One must be ethical in the matters of science and medicine. Playing with life is a serious thing. There can be horrible ramifications in producing something which can become out of control.""(Frankenstein)This story is bright with sunshine, but can it can turn very dark really quickly."
76561198008713398,Recommended,286260,18680970,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Johnny Walker,"Fault Milestone One blends science and magic in a story where an exiled princess and her guardian must find her way home after an attack on her kingdom.  Excellent visuals and story, though heavy on exposition, that tackles deep themes and brings emotionally closer to each character.  Alice in Dissonance had set a goal to create advance the visual novel genre into a new ""cinematic novel"".  I firmly believe that Fault Milestone One is the first milestone in this new genre."
,Recommended,286260,18778550,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Solar Galaxy,Fault milestone one presents a very immersive world. Wonderful music.
,Recommended,286260,18563651,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ruby Soho,"A really well-done VN about friendships, politics, the details of magic, economics, differing cultures, and overcoming trauma. The sequel is even better. Come for the cute girls, stay for the story and characters."
,Recommended,286260,18577381,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,UB,Yes this visual novel is great. Yes you should buy it. Now what r u waiting for??  Even without a sale its worth your money.
76561198176387947,Recommended,286260,14328070,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,1428535737,"8 pages of save slot, 9 slots a page, only one choice occured during the entire novel. 72/10"
,Recommended,286260,14332583,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Bear,"World End Economica Ep.01 :get kotomine'd in the end. ""Oh my god.""fault milestone one :emotional trainwreck. ""Not again! For god's sake!""I intend to read it as a warm up for eden* because its paycheck and I have spare bucks to spend but I get riled up instead.Well, I won't review about music, graphic, or story because another person already reviewed it and that's pretty much spot on and I satisfied with fault milestone one. I will take different approach, translation.This VN translated beautifully. It translated changing Japanese suffix into proper western suffix (e.g: -san, -chan, -kun into Mr. / Ms, -lly, Master) without losing its nuance and feeling. Mind you, I usually REALLY hate when someone did that (changing Japanese suffix into western) because changing suffix will change how I view character's distinctive personality. But this translation surpass my expectation, it's very natural and not forced at all. I can still see how distinctive their personality. Good job for translator who handle this VN.They didn't use literal translation for each sentence but 'westernize' it to make it easier to read. Example:「　『ルーンの様子がおかしい』　って…　ちゃんと話してくれてたのに…　『仲良くして』　なんて…　」(lit translation: ""Even though he said 'Rune's behavior is not making any sense' to me... I just said 'Get along with her'"")”He told me what Rune did to that poor cat, he warned me that she was up to no good again... but I didn't want to believe a single word he said.""As you could see, it sounds pretty differently. But it read a lot of better in SP's translation rather than in literal Japanese translation. So yeah, they did good job and I can enjoy this VN to the fullest. I enjoy Japanese and English equally, both of those satisfied me.I click 'J' and 'E' button to compare Japanese and English like a madman and I don't regret my brief madness.Personal Verdict:8,3/10 I'll buy fault milestone 2 when it out."
,Recommended,286260,26788648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flamingo Zack,"This is some of the best storytelling I have experienced. The story is fascinating and it reels you in with every element provided from the visuals to worldbuilding they did to create this. This is not very long, but it is extremely worth the price as the story is just that good.Please support the developer and help them create more stories!"
,Recommended,286260,26821852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hoot,"This visual novel is probably the best visual novel I've ever played/read.Very interesting, funny and sometimes sad story about a pair of friends trying to get home after narrowly escaping a siege on their home, Rughzenhaide, with their lives intact.I can wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone.This visual novel is also the perfect title to get into visual novels with.Especially with the prequel ""Silence the Pedant"" being on the way.Do yourself a favor and give this a read."
76561198062446854,Recommended,286260,26919854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadowthrone007,This is Funking awsome!The story and characters and art is great.Bloody great music too11/10 so far XD
76561197976438072,Recommended,286260,26847045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Siskaop,"Before anything, this game is a visual novel(google it if you don't know what it is).The adventures of two girls running away from their crumbling kingdom. They face problems, find new places and people, but never give up their task. This game have a really nice story, sometimes warm and sometimes sad. If you are up to a good story try it!"
76561198050150253,Recommended,286260,25910005,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Arkharan,10/10 Cried manly tears :(Definitely buying the 2nd one.
,Recommended,286260,26050955,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,David Cameron,"The first one proved that they are capable, the second one proved that they are worthy...no wait, actually the first one allready proved that they are worthy, toss that. :erune:"
,Recommended,286260,26090842,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,riefu24,"This story is slow but absorbing, the art is high quality and very clean, the music has good taste and the characters are fleshed out very well. Previous typographical errors have been corrected in updates. I give Fault Ms1 a high recommendation."
76561198031041930,Recommended,286260,26152644,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Zany,"As a person who reads a metric crapton of visual novels, this series is really growing on me.Fault is a series of kinetic visual novels, meaning there are no choices or routes to go down unlike a dating sim. It's short, it's not as flashy or as big-budget as some of the VNs being released on steam these days. But you know what it does have? Good art, good music, great storytelling and atmosphere. I read through this and fault milestone one over a few weeks, and I'm very impressed by it.If you love visual novels do yourself a favor. Heck, even if visual novel's aren't normally your thing this one is told uniquely enough that even someone who's not a fan of the genre could enjoy it.Two thumbs way up, Fault Milestone"
,Recommended,286260,26101602,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Marigold,very nice .it's awesome
,Recommended,286260,25618000,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Khoa,"I first purchased this game awhile back because it was on the summer steam sale, and the art looked to my taste and didn't think much of it.I started going through it a few days after purchase and when i first opened the title screen, the bgm was very fitting to the subtle animation.Moving on, i played for about an hour and was confused with some terminology etc, but after i played past what i consider the beggining of the story, everything really kicked up.What started out to be something i thought woulld have been a subpar experience turned spectacular. The BGM and the story was very rich and the balance of both complimented each other very nicely. Thank god i had purchased both games at the same time. Best pocket change i've ever spent.As i write this review i already have muv-luv, which is rated #1 on the vndb, but i've barely put any hours into it. And until i read that, Fault shall remain as my #1 VN experience.Great work!"
,Recommended,286260,25659324,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,blacknarse,"Totally worth its costs. This novel is well written: it shows us a detailed world, making it really interesting. The two main characters forms a good party and are well characterized.I loved the story, even if I'd liked more choiches and maybe a few different endings (only 1 choice during the game actually)It's only an introduction to the real story though... So I just can't wait to play milestone two!"
,Recommended,286260,23546139,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Kris Dusk Luna,"I'd honestly say this series definitely has the potential to be on the same level as the Fate series from TYPE-MOON.ALICE IN DISSONANCE is really made up of people with talent, and fault was the result of their hard work.- Amazing art- Very high quality and polished UI- Immersive soundtrack- Deeply captivating storyIf you think the first instalment was good, wait til you read/play the second one (please go get it if you haven't already!)."
76561198094074462,Recommended,286260,23679510,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shi no Tenshi,This game is really epic!!This game has a hard english for a foreigner.But story telling and sound effects are really incredible!!Sometimes I stoped and listened the epic music.This game has a really good music but in this game I wish I can make selection and the story will change with my selection but in this game you have no choice option.If this game has a choice option this game would be 10/10 but without it it's 9.5/10.You won't regret to buy it.
76561198030296971,Recommended,286260,23720400,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LuvYan,Probably the best setting and writing I've seen in a visual novel and the art was ♥♥♥♥in pretty9/10 would stare at Rune some more
,Recommended,286260,23919255,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Metarupaa,11/10 would overwhelmingyness! again
76561198160540272,Recommended,286260,23174072,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Blub says the Fish,"When I started this visual novel I was really really lost.What is manakravte, what are these words.But as you go through the story it becomes more clear.The beginning is quite slow paced, so the first time I began to read I was already bored after 10 minutes.It didn't make any sense to me, and didn't really get to the point until later.Until the girls teleported to a whole different continent it was quite a puzzle to me.But damn. After that, I just couldn't stop reading this. It had a great story.Not described in the info-box though, a little bit misleading.If you like some mystery and a good read, this is for you.It's a bit crazy though, but it's still good.The only thing I didn't really like is that when it was getting to the plot (returning to their homeland, and all the questions about how they stranded there) it ended. IT ENDED.This really felt like an introduction of how great the writers are, and the real plot will be starting in Fault Milestone Two.So yeah I have no idea how it will go in the next visual novel, but this one was great. Plot twists ftw, kind of.I recommend this to you if you like a great read, and it's just clicking, no choices to make (only 1 lmao, wasn't even an important one).8/10 for me :)"
76561197990997840,Recommended,286260,23429808,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,reluctance,"I sometimes have trouble getting into linear VNs, but this one really grabbed me.  Fault Milestone feels a lot like what one of the better Tales games (Tales of the Abyss, Tales of Vesperia) would be like if it was a visual novel.  The world is vast, magical, and intricate; the characters are chatty, complex, and have setting-specific reasons for why they are the way they are.  The localization is great, capturing the voice and tone of each of the characters, which is especially noticeable when characters narrate scenes and tint the window with their biases and personal concerns.The pace of this game is relatively slow, but in the way a Fantasy book is slow.  It gets into a lot of complicated concepts and setting-specific jargon, but for the most part it's explored through the characters and not blandly infodumped on you.  I only found the desire to check the in-game encyclopedia a few times.  Unfortunately, the main exception to this is the prologue/demo.  I found it pretty unengaging, and I had trouble figuring out who I was supposed to (or wanted to) care about.  I think the prologue can easily give you the wrong impression of the game; it's certainly not a chirpy magical girl game, but the beginning left me thinking it would be.It's the mark of a flawed story if you have to say, ""If you can get through the first fifteen minutes...""  It's not a good thing.  But in this case, it's worth it.  Once the story gets to Selphine and Ritona, and Ritona becomes the narrator, this game is aces to me."
,Recommended,286260,26667934,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nickel-Kingins,"Damn, that one heck of a ride, emotional too.I don't normally write review, espiecally for Visual Novel but this one is an exemption.At first, it got boring for me, only got to ch 4 before I left it alone.Now, I was deciding on what games to play and then I remember this VN so I thought why not, it only for an hour before I go study.Oh boy, I was wrong. After I remeber on where I was left off, the lore (at first) suck me in, then there was a story which got me hook, I was to supposed to study three hours ago but the story, oh god the story, I'm happy about finishing this story and cannot wait to get into the next one I have in my library over the weekend.TL:DR - Slow pace at first but then it got interesting as the story march on and it's a edmotional one."
76561197971222169,Recommended,286260,26428267,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Le Petit Robert,"Don't pay attention to the reviews you find on popular online journals. This is a fantastic game. After the initial bit, pretty much right after the first half-hour, it was an amazing ride right till the end."
76561198063922722,Recommended,286260,28686561,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nani Sore,"I bought this game on sale, and considering the game's length and limited replayability (there is only one choice and it's importance is yet to be seen), that is when the game should be bought. It has a good story, and emotional moments, but I cannot advise buying it at it's full price of £10.99"
,Recommended,286260,28660580,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SoresuMakashi,"Alice in Dissonance has done a good job setting up an interesting and vivid world. Event CGs, the main menu (which, might I add, is gorgeous), and the game logo demonstrate a level of polish rarely seen from doujins. The themes of the VN are thoughtful, but not overly philosophical. The music is great and the art is modern, bright, and attractive. Costume designs are particularly good. Game length is roughly 6 hours.As noted in other reviews, the writing is of variable quality. The plot itself is fine, but the writing relies on exposition too much. It also focuses almost entirely on dialogue and the internal thoughts of characters, neglecting to actively describe the setting on a *sensory* level. Luckily, the music and art pick up the slack here, but it shouldn't have to. The translation is just barely passable; awkward phrases, lost meanings, and plain old typos are not uncommon. Lastly, the prologue remains a mystery, having little connection to the rest of the game.Overall, I look forward to the sequels; I hope that the sales of milestone one and the monthly income from AiD's patreon will allow them to build on top of what is a promising (but not perfect) start to the series."
,Recommended,286260,28998723,Posted: 3 January,all,Midlaner,"I got Fault during the Christmas sale of 2016, as a side of good story to the other games I picked up, but it ended up dominating my time as I got sucked into this amazing world. The characters are all loveable and unique, the background is beautiful, the story feels fresh and the dialogue feels like a normal conversation. To those that love a good story, this is for you but if you are more impatient or love more action then take care since this cinematic novel is not a game, but an experience."
76561198051577364,Recommended,286260,28986184,Posted: 3 January,all,Grass Cannon,"If you're a fan of Fantasy and world-building, this is the Visual Novel for you! Fault does an amazing job of making it's magic system feel like an actual science, and its characters and locales truly feel unique and full of life! On top of that, the art style and writing are truly amazing."
76561198068200374,Recommended,286260,28779879,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,blueweber,"Great story, so far.  The first chapter of an obviously multi-chapter story.  Not really a choice story but filled with amazing characters, all of whom were very likeable.  Lots of intriguing hints of what is to come.  Cannot wait for the next chapter of this game!"
76561197997753928,Recommended,286260,26625457,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Broski,"In japanese storywriting, crazy women can make a story satisfyingly dark and twisted. So I wasn't too concerned about a game full of chicks. This story takes many hours to deliver on the cray, but its there and its quality stuff.I purchased Milestone One on a Steam Sale which contributed to me feeling rather pleased with my purchase. Regardless, it's still an impressive novel and I plan on getting the next installment at some point.Pros- Has quality music that is used brilliantly to set the mood and for shock value- Quality UI and plenty of options- Story has plenty of surprises and dramatic moments- Embellishes on scenes and events to a higher degree than most VNs- Very few grammerical errors and typosCons- It does not feature voice acting.- The portrait drawings, despite being well drawn and making great use of expressions, are completely lacking in any variety of poses.- It is a welcome thing to embellish, but the story sometimes gets stuck on things.- Considering actual adventure progression, the journey itself ended short of what I'd expect from a first milestone. A minor disappointment."
,Recommended,286260,32051567,Posted: 29 May,all,Aiess,"The Fault series creates a beautiful setting with its superb soundtrack, art, and writing. With beautiful main menu artwork and music, you'll be tempted to sit at that menu for hours on end. Although the two installments in the series may be fairly short, there is a third one in the works which should be coming out around the end of this year. Pair all these elements with a good price, this VN is a must read."
,Recommended,286260,16304343,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Golden Dawn,This is a wonderful visual novel.
,Recommended,286260,31628660,Posted: 8 May,all,Peachi^^,"I must say that I really enjoyed this visual novel, like a lot.The story itself is great and intriguing enough for me to want to read more, I even bought the second part, Fault - Milestone Two Side:Above, when I was just only a couple of hours in, it just hooked me and I didn't want to stop reading.The art style is really nice and beautiful, and the soundtrack is also pretty good with it adding to the tension of some scenes when necessary and also relaxing when heartwarming or emotional scenes appear.I have to warn that there's no voice acting for the characters in this series. In my opinion, it would be great if it did have voice acting, I find it would make this VN a little bit better and add more towards the character development as in their emotions and personalities, but it's still great nonetheless as it doesn't affect the effectiveness of the story.The characters are enjoyable and charming in their own way, it'd be great if there was more about their backstories to add to their development though that could be included in the other parts of the VN, especially since Fault - Silence the Pedant is on its way sometime in June (hopefully there's no delay) which is a prequel that focuses on Ritona's backstory of how she became Selphine's guardian.Overall:+Intriguing and addictive story especially if you enjoy fantasy genre as much as I do.+/-Short so you can finish in one sitting if you like to read for roughly 6-8 hours straight.+Art style is pretty and beautiful, really well done.+Characters are enjoyable and charming, good development though room for more.-No voice acting, that would've been a nice feature to have but doesn't affect the story in anyway.+Soundtrack is great and relaxing, can really add to the tension in some scenes or emotion in others.8 out of 10."
76561198065003789,Recommended,286260,31110348,Posted: 12 April,all,__,"Just in case you're not aware, this is a visual novel so there is no gameplay but story. I expected the story to carry the interest of this and WOW I was surprised by the writing. This is one of the few stories that actually made me cry near the end, the music and art appropriately supports the emotion I was feeling. There is a minor gripe I have, the pacing was a bit off sometimes with Ms Ritona Exposition. These aren't bad unless it takes reading paragraphs of text. Overall would recommend.PS. Get fault milestone side above for next installment, at the time of this review I am waiting 4 fault silence the pedant. My waifu is Ritona so I'm hyped."
,Recommended,286260,31206919,Posted: 17 April,all,drone110266,Great game! Loved the story and I can't wait to play the next one.
,Recommended,286260,29579525,Posted: 29 January,all,Marx,I'm not crying ! There is some dust in my eye ;-;
,Recommended,286260,29609651,Posted: 31 January,all,Hamaon,"Fault: milestone one did a great job at subverting my expectations. Despite initially presenting itself as a fantasy adventure with happy characters,it is actually a dark mystery with sci-fi elements (albeit with fantasized technology). I hated the beginning due to the high amount of tropes, and I'm so happy that is not representative of the rest of the game. That is not to say it's perfect, there are certainly times when plot devices are created for convenience's sake, and the story isn't innovative in any real way, but if you can get over that there is certainly a gripping story to enjoy here.A few problems to note (no spoilers):This is just part one of the series and ends in a huge cliffhanger.It is very short, less than 7 hours for me and I'm not a fast reader.The writing is limp from time to time for some facepalm moments.Typos and grammar errors are more common than I'd like. I can count at least 5 and I'm not consciously looking for them.There is only a single choice in the entire game, one that doesn't seem important whatsoever.The music is good, but the tracks are short and usually end up looping over and over, which gets annoying sometimes. At tense moments the music also stops playing, and since there are no sound effects you are left with no sound whatsoever.This is a mild spoiler but I will keep it generic.The antagonists are not involved for the majority of the game. They only show up twice, once at the beginning and once at the end (this trend in fact continues in the second game), but the part without them is good (in fact better) anyway so I'm not complaining."
,Recommended,286260,34392591,Posted: 21 August,all,THE BAAATH,great for if u love reading
,Recommended,286260,34788389,Posted: 6 September,all,Swaggmuffin,One of the best vn series ive ever played
76561198267232799,Recommended,286260,34843394,Posted: 9 September,all,maggie.regimbal,"The story is so rich! The characters are very well written and have great development. The music is amazing! I would wait to continue on in the writing just to listen to it. The art is beautiful and helps portray the characters emotions really well. I love games like this, that get you attatched to characters and make your emotions flip and flop!"
76561198188425646,Recommended,286260,34913748,Posted: 12 September,all,caseskarlo,"I never played any VN's prior to Fault, and I must say I was really doubting my purchase for this one. The story revolves around Selphine, the princess of a country that was attacked suddenly and her protector Ritona. When I started ""playing"" the story eventually develops and brings forth the characters and the world alive. I must say I'm looking forward for the rest of Princess Selphine and knight-guardian Ritona's journey back to their home country."
,Recommended,286260,34760852,Posted: 5 September,all,ℱ𝓇𝓸𝓈𝓉𝓎 ❄,"Honestly, i didn't intend to wirite a proper review.Just came to add to the 94% positive reviews, so don't mind this haha."
,Recommended,286260,35461032,Posted: 3 October,all,Kielo,"A little slow in the middle, but the characters are really well crafted, and the plot is interesting. It's not as pretty as some of the more professional visual novels, but the story is engaging and compelling."
76561198284881980,Recommended,286260,35435635,Posted: 2 October,all,Schrödinger's Fish,"It's a good adventure, like a movie."
