user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,286480,12980497,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DivisionAgent,"First of all, I enjoyed all three games of the Black Mirror series! I prefer part 3 over part 2, but nothing tops the first one ;)If you haven’t played the other games, I do not recommend this game, since you won’t get much of the story and some important facts won’t be revealed to you. If you played them, you shouldn’t miss out on this one!Part 3 is even darker than the other two games and the creepiness is reaching a new peek towards the final truth. The shocking and bloody moments, just like a delusional main character, makes it a very convincing and thrilling story.The story continues with Darren's, uhm, Adrian’s search for the truth of his past and a dark soul slowly taking over his possession. We move around in the usual setting of Willow Creek and get to see some new locations and old places from the first games with new graphic perspectives and of course some familiar faces (who would forget about Ralph and Mr. Bubby?)…You can die several times during the game, as you make wrong decisions or react too slow.The gameplay is much the same as in the other games, nothing to complain here. At some point you were able to play two characters and switch between them. I’m not a fan of this game mode usually, because it may cause a lot of effort to explore every object twice, but they managed to find a nice solution for that.I got stuck a few times, and even noticed a glitch about triggering the right moment during a puzzle, but it worked out fine in the end. The story was packing the whole time and the connections between the other games were perfectly considered. The atmosphere was great, as always, with detailed graphics and a perfect mix of music and sound effects. Every character had its own interesting storyline and the voice acting was well done.Towards the end the cutscenes, dialogues and puzzles all of a sudden became longer and longer. That lasted until the end and felt a little sluggish, but that was just a little thing that bothered me. All in all this is a worthy end for the series and I’m not disappointed a bit. And for a sale-deal or even the original price on Steam, you can’t do anything wrong.(Note: People, who complain about the game just being English on Steam, should be advised to read the description first. No reason to downvote the game, because Steam won’t release it in their language!)"
76561198099216008,Recommended,286480,9804483,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Laura Blues,"Last part of the story of the Gordons!If the kind of point-and-click that you like is about gathering and combining items, plus a lot of dialogs, then this could be the game for you, especially if you played and enjoyed the first two Black Mirror games and want to know how the story ends.My general feeling during this game was boredom and impatience. It started with a series of long dialogs and uneventful actions and I remember wondering if it would ever get interesting. Then things got a little better, but not much, and then had me yawning and rolling my eyes at the end.Personally, I am more into games that combine gathering-and-combining with logic puzzles, deductions and not too long dialogs, which is why I (who played the previous two) felt disappointed. This game gave me very (I do mean very) long dialogs, 90% gather-and-combine and just five puzzles in the whole game. From those five, three were ""remember the image you saw before  and you are done"" and only two were logic puzzles. I will not say if they were easy or hard, because that varies from player to player. My problem was that they were just two!There are a few glitches. I was forced to skip on a ""puzzle"" (which was no puzzle, really) because the right answer was not recognized, so I could never move on from it. I had to go to the walkthrough to find out that it was, indeed, a glitch.Now, the story... Oh well, taste is subjective and I can only say what it was for me. Compared to how much I liked the story in the first game and how I was already sort of disappointed by the second, this one really didn't do it for me. They start, as I said, too slow and uneventful, then they try to regain the ""creepiness"" of the previous stories(the creepy tortures and experiments that the doctors were conducting, the morgue, etc.)but, for me, it was like ""yeah, I saw that already in the previous two games"". For the last three chapters, they take the player on a rollercoaster of Catholic fervor mixed up with a pagan ritual gone wrong and a spiritual hero on a battle for his soul, the future of mankind and even the very foundation and preservation of the Catholic Church. Religious beliefs aside, I felt that the writers aimed at doing something original and overdid the plot, cramming a lot of long dialogs and clips at the end with very little choice or interaction (save click here, put that there) from the player.I am not toooo sorry that I got it, as now I at least know how it ends. But I wish I had waited for a better discount (I couldn't help myself and got it with the 20% off release). This was definitely not my cup of tea! But, as I said, if you are into this kind of game, this is a great one, which is the only reason I will click on ""yes"" recommend this game. The voices sounded very nice to me, and I have to say that I liked the images very much. I liked to wander the castle that I once wandered as Samuel and remeber events from that first Black Mirror, like the sound of the potatoes on the fire in the kitchen when I went to talk to Bates."
,Recommended,286480,10029892,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hiijinx,"Picking straight off from the events in Black Mirror 2 (You WILL need to play 2 for this to make any sense!) it wraps up the events in Willow Creek.Although slightly shorter than the prequeal in gametime with a less varied selection of locations, the story finally falls into place.A very good series which I whole heartedly recommend to ant Point and Click fan."
76561198051141615,Recommended,286480,16806262,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,camocat_28,"Great game - best to play Black Mirror II first although I played the third first without any difficulties picking up the previous plot.Likes:- complex and dark story line;- good voice acting;- puzzles make sense (e.g. the protagonist is a Physics student, and quite a few of his puzzle solving revolve around chemistry and mechanical repair rather than find a special key to fit into a special lock under a special day with full moon etc etc);- good graphics, considering the game is getting on in age;- good replay value.Dislikes:- sometimes the music get very loud and overwhelming (ok, ok, I get it, something BAD is about to happen!);- some of the storyline is a tad predictable (clue: evil + Catholic Church = ???)Otherwise, an excellent game if you are into point and click 3rd person adventure games."
76561198134651521,Recommended,286480,17357467,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,simon.tman,"Black Mirror III is the shortest of the trilogy, but pleasingly it is also the tightest game, with a well judged sense of humour.Following on immediately after the events of II, Black Mirror III feels like a story finally building to it's climax from the get go, as the game delves even further into old locations and the infamous Black Mirror castle.  The repurcusisons of the events of the second game now litter Willow Creek and it's residents, and by doing what the trilogy is best at, you get to explore a place changed by sinister evil and terrible events.As with it's prequels, the game is stunning to look at, and the story is dark but satisfying.  It is, in fact, at it's very best when a peculiar character called ""Phil"" comes into play in what is, unfortunately, a rather twisted side story which is left hanging and without any satisfactory resolution.  it is an almost odd inclusion in the game and one which feels almost half finished - slightly extraneous if truth be told, which is a pity as it fits into the twisted world of Willow Creek quite nicely.But, Black Mirror III is a game that knows where it wants to go, and it intends to gat there by the most direct route.  You want to know how it's going to end.  You're invested in the Gordon family by now, and want the castle to finally give up it's secrets.  Sadly, this is maybe the biggest weakness of BMIII - the final few rooms are rather a let down, as they could only ever be after such a monumental journey.  One thing I have found with the trilogy, is that when the games actually comes close to Mordred Gordon in terms of the secret catacombs and traps which guard his secrets, the games are significantly less interesting than they are when you are roaming Willow Creek.  It's as if the games are unable to live up to their own expectations as they reach their conclusions, and as such they do fall flat a little.But that's a minor gripe  I found the Black Mirror trilogy to be majestic from start to finish.  If there is one final annoyance however, it's the lack of 'what happened next' in terms of Willow Creek and it's inhabitants.  By the end of the trilogy there will be some names you will be familiar with and places you will know well, and it would have been a nice way to end to find out if Edward really did get the job he desired to badly, or how a couple of Willow Creek's more ""challenged"" residents fared after the dust settled.But no matter.  It was a nice touch, that the game developers hinted that although the Gordon Curse may finally be resolved, there could be more shade-busting adventures to be had, but sadly, short of Kickstarter I couldn't see any possible return to Black Mirror castle or Willow Creek.  But for what it was worth, the experience was truly fantastic, and it's a shame all games can't be made with such skill and passion.One of, if not the very best series of point 'n' click games I have ever played."
,Recommended,286480,32245662,Posted: 7 June,all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Excellent adventure series.Bought the whole set when it was on sale, wasn't disapointed.Unfortunately the first game didn't work for me right out the box. HDTV hates low resolutions. There's a fix for it somewhere to get it running in windowed mode, but since I wanted to see what I got straight away, I started off from Black Mirror II.The story was well enough to follow without the first ""book"", so at least there's that. Well, I might've missed a bit of backstory on the protagonist... but the story unfolds quite nicely from there.Black Mirror III, however, picks up right where Black Mirror II ended without much of a clear recap so it's recommended to start at the prequels.A few slight annoyances; A few puzzles were bugged. They have a skip button tho, but I'd rather solve a puzzle with all pieces intact than skip it. And the inventory was a bit of a hassle, darn thing kept popping away while trying to scroll through.Overall, the series' quality is quite good.It's got a cool story, doesn't look badly aged, lovely atmosphere and nice scenery, decent voiceacting etc.Amusingly, it's also got some classic adventure lethal choices here'n there. Don't worry about saving often tho, there's an autosave feature these days. =p"
,Recommended,286480,16196092,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"The swansong of a really great trilogy! You should play the previous two parts before starting this one, in fact it is mandatory to experience the magnificence of the story.Graphics are essentially similar to the second part albeit a bit more detailed. The story however is by far the best of the three as it reaches the climax and you finally meet what the game is all about - the Black Mirror.10/10!"
76561197993524107,Recommended,286480,14509483,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JDaremo Fireheart,"So glad I took a chance on buying the 3 pack last week when it was on sale. It was all i could play this weekend. I just wanted to find out what came next. Never heard of this series before, but I'm glad I found it.Little disappointed at the rushed ending of #3, but overall I loved the series.Wish there was an add on to play while rebuilding the castle and repairing the reputation of the Gordon clan while finishing the seemingly never ending job dropped on Adrian at the end."
,Recommended,286480,10821828,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Trasho,"Was an interesting break from my usual grinds, interesting story,iIf you played the first 2 i think you would want to finish with the 3rd. Could have used some more complicated puzzles but I still had fun."
76561198009903018,Recommended,286480,11012803,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Probably the best of the ""trilogy"" of Black Mirror.Not a ""classic"", but a good, well written, adventure game.Pity for the final, a little too ""fast"", I think."
,Recommended,286480,32131489,Posted: 2 June,all,Audish,"Watching a series build to a satisfying conclusion is rare pleasure in the gaming world. Rare, because most series either don't end, don't reach a conclusion before being canned, or stuff up the conclusion they get. Black Mirror is an especially remarkable series because not only was it stretched into a series by different developers, it catches that elusive satisfying ending. And on top of that, it manages to be the best-designed and most entertaining out of the entire trilogy.I made a big deal about how Black Mirror II was perfectly intelligible without playing the first one, but Black Mirror III is the exact opposite. Do not attempt this one without finishing II, and ideally start it up as soon as the credits roll because the callbacks are thick and numerous. Hot-blooded Boston boy Darren Michaels is on the hook for the events that closed out Black Mirror II, and it sure looks like the whole world is against him. The castle's burning, his allies have perished, and he starts the game alone in a cell. From this auspicious beginning, it's one hell of an uphill battle to clear his name and battle back the curse that has permeated the series.Where Black Mirror I had Samuel poking around the periphery of his family's secrets and II had Darren caught up in the intrigues of others, III has all eyes on Darren himself. Familiar characters have turned against him, new characters are out to get him, and the only support he has from the onset are cryptic messages, voices on the phone, and his occasionally-helpful therapist. The atmosphere of this game is quite a bit more oppressive than the previous entries, especially once the curse and the stakes fully come into focus, so be prepared for far more narrative adversity than ever before.What makes this work is Darren himself. Through both the events of Black Mirror II and (I assume) the efforts of the writers, Darren is much less the impulsive and at times grating hot-head he was in the previous games. Right from the start here he's level-headed and snappy with his rejoinders, and has plenty of little quips to lighten even the darkest scenes. He's funny, clever, and driven in turn and very few scenes fall flat thanks to the newfound dynamism of his character. The rest of the cast supports his evolution as well, with plenty of new blood to challenge him in ways not previously explored. As usual not all the voice acting is up to par (Inspector Spooner in particular is just dreadful to listen to) but still walks the fine line between quality and camp.The puzzles themselves have also seen real improvement, possibly more than any other feature of the game. Black Mirror II was already a step forward with simple interactions and journal hints but III takes it far further with puzzles that flow logically and have clever solutions that are not at all laborious to arrive at. While the map is larger and more open than before, puzzles tend to be localized to certain areas and Darren will helpfully resist traveling to unnecessary areas during some of them to keep you on the right track. I don't mind consulting walkthroughs for point-and-click games but it was entirely unneeded here, something I can't say about the first two titles.All I can knock the game for are a few glitches, mostly near the end of the game, but ones that can have an outsized effect if you save in the wrong place. One of the puzzles near the middle where you have to underline certain words simply doesn't work for some people, though it can be skipped without penalty like most of the non-standard puzzles in the game. In the final chapter, however, are two puzzles featuring a maze and a scale that cannot be skipped and can really ruin your day. The maze has multiple solutions but one can hang your game, and the scale can be interacted with too soon to eat items necessary for progression. Keeping multiple saves will help you avoid these pitfalls but they are unfortunate failings in an otherwise watertight game.The graphics are just as sharp if not sharper than before, making navigating and exploring a sublime pleasure (or at least as much as it can be in the dismal English countryside). Despite remaining in the environs of Black Mirror and Willow Creek, there are plenty of new locations and new perspectives of old ones to poke around. The sound design is up to the task as I mentioned with the voice acting, and is coupled with some excellent horror movie tunes to keep things spooky. Taken as a whole, the Black Mirror series is one of the best horror adventures out there provided you can appreciate the slow burns and buildups to the grand finale. The first game is ultimately skippable and the connections between it and the latter two are a little strained, but the second is quality and this one here is the real gem. I've thoroughly enjoyed my time with the series, and I hope that more people will come to divine its secrets in the future.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,286480,15793760,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,riverbed,"I actually forgot this game existed until recently. Black Mirror II ends pretty definitively (or so it seems). That said, I'm glad i rediscovered it and decided to play, as the Black Mirror series are some of my favorite point and clicks and III adds a lot to the series.For one thing, there is a marked difference, in my opinion, in how coherent the storyline is. The first game was interesting, but sort of all over the place - if there's one thing that forcing a more linear rigidity does give to a game, it's the gift of coherence. With II becoming more linear, it was slightly more understandable what you were doing at any given time and why, and this one seems to have really maxed that trait out.This is a very interesting and dark point and click horror game that fans of the genre will really enjoy, whether or not they have played the first two (it does a good job of introducing characters and events previously used in the series without being too hamfisted.) The locations are fun to explore and the plot has lots of depth. If you're into history, family dramas, insanity studies, or atmospheric creepers you'll have a good romp with this one. It's also a long game, with many things to poke around in, so you're likely to be entertained for a while"
76561198015052897,Recommended,286480,13260167,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Maliceff,"Playing all three back to back was awesome.  I really enjoyed finally finding out the end of this story.  I will admit the ending was a little fast for all the culmanation, but still great to finish off this trilogy."
76561198160042778,Recommended,286480,13079985,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,whereangelsfly,"The best game from Black Mirror will always be the forst one, but the third one comes in as a close second. I loved the atmospheric experiments and the characters' development in the game. It is worth playing for sure, but I also advise everybody to try these games in sequence because the story is worth it:) Have fun!"
,Recommended,286480,20744501,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Royal Rambler,"Here we are then, Black Mirror 3.What can I say? It left me with seriously mixed feelings. I felt incredibly annoyed at some of the puzzles (especially near the end, and because of it I didn't bother finishing up anymore). It was too aggravating.Too many challenges at the wrong time! I hate when a game leaves me feeling braindead (and this was the case with BM 3).As much as I love the graphics & the main characters (+ subcharacters), some of the puzzles really blew it for me.And I felt there were too many elements introduced (be it story-wise or character-wise), which created quite a bit of ""loose ends"" (i.e. unexplained phenomena, no follow-up in regard to certain events that had taken place throughout the series).This game bugged me to the core due to:- the absence of multiple solutions to one problem(I can clearly remember one time, where I needed an item to seal off the entrance to a cave *near* the local morgue - which had a fitting item *at* the morgue, that could have been used to achieve this, but noooo - the game had me running all the way back to the castle - TO THE OTHER SIDE OF TOWN - to get an item I had specifically examined before but couldn't pick up, as the character exclaimed ""not needing"" it - NICE! NOT!)- utterly weird parts that felt disconnected & unbelievable (e.g. a homeless guy who was introduced in BM 1, who reappeared in BM 3 while living at some ancient ruins with no visible food source or decent shelter - HELLOOO? how is that possible?)- the lack of consistency in regard to interior design (more notably; the rooms & hallway in the castle not really looking the way they did before & some areas not being mentioned, even though BM 3 takes place only 3 weeks after the ending of BM 2!)- 2/3rds of the game being spent trying to prove the protagonist's innocence in regard to a serious series of events that had taken place in BM 2, only to end up solving one tedious & aggravating puzzle after another, JUST to break the Gordon family's curse! (it was just TOO much)- the altered map system (I eventually grew used to it, but it was totally unnecessary)- the main character's sudden open mind & approach during therapy sessions with the local psychiatrist, even though he's the levelheaded, down-to-earth, smart, cautious type - blurting out every obscure detail of his occult experiences up until now (only to moan about the fact he's not taken seriously!! - that was so out of character for this guy!)- some awkward repetitiveness feeling rather unnatural (e.g. daily phonecalls to a fortune teller, only to have the main character moan about how what he gets to hear is a load of crap - well stop calling then?!)Unfortunately, this installment of the series ended up annoying me terribly.It had some fun & exciting parts, but I can't help but wonder whether the whole crew wanted to have their say, which perhaps may have led to the developers adding a mish-mash of elements, but couldn't make it work into a believable, cohesive story.Just like in BM 2, I felt like the supernatural parts didn't blend well with the realistic elements in game. It wasn't all that bad, but in the end it felt like they wanted too much of everything.I would still recommend getting it (as part of the pack - BM | BM2 | BM3), and most definitely play from the start... otherwise it gets very confusing."
76561198003375076,Recommended,286480,18165459,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),Excellent !
76561198047488263,Recommended,286480,18474887,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Risewind,"The Black Mirror Trilogy surely is one of the best point and click adventure series I have ever played. Featuring a dark, gloomy and very immersive atmosphere while traveling around Black Mirror castle and surroundings to uncover an ancient curse."
76561198038625342,Recommended,286480,16569500,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dash,"Sigh, lets just be clear here, this game is no Gray Matter.  I already reviewed Black Mirror II which has no ending, so this is really a must play.  You can't just play II or III without the other or the story would be completely nonsensical (Black Mirror I is not needed at all though).  So taken together this is one of the longest adventure games ever made, it's a good 30-35hr romp.  Far surpassing the time it takes to play Gray Matter.  Yet Gray Matter is so much better in every way from the writing and right down to the presentation that playing Black Mirror after that makes it severely disappointing.  That being said this is a...fine adventure game.  This review obviously has spoilers, so only read this if you take my advice and just play Gray Matter instead.Sigh...look this game is extremelyyyyyyyy disappointing.  Acts 1-4 are basically a very interesting ghost story, which stands in stark contrast to the more murder mystery focused story of Black Mirror II.  So I was all on board, I love power metal and everything about this game screams power metal.  The macabe settings, the old english moors, the haunted woods, the actual ghosts that wander around.  Everything about this game is also far better then Black Mirror II.  The voice acting is stronger, the story is stronger, the character development is stronger, the visuals are far better drawn, and even the score is better, most importantly the puzzles are far better.Sadly the games story literally collapses in the last ""act.""  It's almost as if someone else wrote that part of the game.  Characters that have been central to the story just disappear and you never interact with them again.  You'd think they would play some role in the climax of this game, but they don't.  The Inspector who has been dogging you the whole game just gives up...for no real reason.  He never catches the murderer...nor do you find out who the murderer is.  The Therapist who you've been seeing all game, also plays no part, she gives you a book on ancient egyptian symobls which serves no purpose and you never see her again, and these are two central characters!  I feel I'm most annoyed by this, because I truly enjoyed the character development in the game and was interested in these people.  Especially the poor heartbroken butler.  I wanted them to at least be involved in the climax!  It also does not help that the worst puzzles over both games occur in this last act.My god they are terrible.  The worst ones involve hieroglyps that make no sense at all.  You are told to arrange the symbols to correspond to a story and I just could nottttttttttt.  I had to look it up online and was still baffeled at the solution.  Then the very next puzzle asks you to do the same thing and is just as impossible.  Seriously, how was I supposed to figure this out!  And then the coup de grace, the very last puzzle in the game is arranging skeleton bones.  NOT SINCE THE ABSURDITY OF THE DIG'S ALIEN SKELETON PUZZLE HAS THEIR BEEN A WORSE SKELETON PUZZLE.  I get it, these people played the Dig, how about not using the worst puzzle from The Dig as your final puzzle!In the very end you get to the vaunted ""Black Mirror"" and I guess you defeat the evil spirit that has cursed your family by using...a magic sword...it's pretty bad.  A massive and I mean truly massive info time occurs before this which attempts to explain how ""The Black Mirror"" works.  It's just way too much info way too late in the game.  It involves people having two souls and the Mirror basically eating souls.  The ending itself is told in a nonsensical cutscene (A terribly terribly rendered CGI cutscene) where you use a sword to fight a ghost?  Its very badly done, it's impossible to tell whats happening.  It especially doesn't help that your character is told that something has gone horribly wrong...which they never say what?  Maybe at some point they thought they would make another game and forgot to take out that bit of dialogue when they realized this was it.  I have no idea.  But the fact that at this point in the game a vast slew of the residence of Willow Creek have been cut down by a mysterious killer and the police don't seem to care, nor do you ever solve this mystery is a horrendous and unforgivable plot hole.The only reason I'm recommending this game is because I'm about 100% certain enough clues exist in the game for you to solve this murder and i'm about 100% sure I have.  The murderer is Ralph, or I should say a shade spirit of Ralph.  In the game you learn that Ralph was murdered 12-20 years ago by your ancestor.  The main character internal dialogue says that clearly the letter you find meant they were plotting Ralph's murder as he clearly is not dead.  You learn in the last 5min of the game though that Mordred created demonic soul orbs to basically create a hummonculi army.  It seems obvious that what was happenign 12-20 years ago was your ancestor who was possessed by Mordred continued this research in the insane asylum practicing on patients and Ralph was the only success they had.This seems further confirmed when Phil and Tom kidnap you and lock you up with Ralph who they have been torturing...they have video evidence showing this torture and yet Ralph is not dead.  It seems likely they had been doing their own experiments on him to find a way to destroy these spirits.  You help Ralph escape not realizing that and then that's when all the corpses start showing up.  He murders Phil, Tom finds out realizes it must be Ralph and attempts to take Ralph on by himself and is easily cut down.   Why he kills the third guy is unclear...I can only assume the third guy was also working for Phil and Tom.  Ralph then shows up one more time before the end of the game acting creepy, which I'm guessing was the writers saying ok see guys it was clearly Ralph.I don't feel this was a good way to wrap up this plot line, but since I literally enjoyed every part of this game until the very last Act means I pretty much have to recommend it, just don't spend a lot of money on it #Worth $2.50!"
76561198120347046,Recommended,286480,31122173,Posted: 13 April,all,fish8100,Excellent game! Would highly recommend for anyone that likes point and click games with interesting story and good characters. New players need to play the second one to understand the general story but I highly recommend the 1st one as well to make it more immersive and understand the references. Fantastic game series.
76561198262080096,Recommended,286480,20919656,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"Final installment of the Black Mirror series has a logical, though unsatisfying ending.The game is more of a 'to be continued' of Black Mirror II than an independent story and you must play BM II before. BM I is optional and definitely recommended.The game does not differ in anything from its precedessor, except for the plot which in  this case is the weakest point of the game. Still, a solid piece of point&click adventure."
76561198164016063,Recommended,286480,26379843,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Artemur,pros- gorgeous looking background artwork- haunting soundtrack- immersive dark and gothic atmosphere- great story- great characters- good voice acting- good logic and inventory puzzles- it's an long gamecons- Black Mirror 3's pacing slower than Black Mirror 2 and game turns out to be dialog heavy towards to end.- ending weak and rushed.Overall the best game of the trilogy and one of the best adventure games that have come out in recent years.
,Recommended,286480,28939388,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,After finished Black Mirror II many times I couldn't wait to Black Mirror III.MASTERPIECE !Hope for Black Mirror IV.10/10
,Recommended,286480,27797110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gazza,"Not as good as the 2nd, but still good.(played in offline mode)"
76561198204524528,Recommended,286480,20487764,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,yesimjen,"Great game, great series.  If you're into horror/adventure/point and click, play this.  It's much better than Gabriel Knight. Oh snap!"
76561198352681130,Not Recommended,286480,34494571,Posted: 25 August,all,Cailleachekate,Couldn't get the game to save had to give  up
76561198041951222,Recommended,286480,20441378,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,cgoldfishh,"Cleanest in the trilogy, story was better than expected after the 2nd game cliffhanger as well. I feel like there were a couple of things that got glossed over, characters that got abandoned, but not a huge deal. I really enjoyed this one, full of nostalgia as well."
76561198076916084,Not Recommended,286480,17415777,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Jathre,"Finally I have ""finished"" the third chapter. And I was able to ""finish"" it even before the end of the game due to a gamebreaking bug. Not the best ending that I have seen, but ... well quite extravagant ending. Now one by one. The game itself is a mediocre adventure, game pacing is very monotonous - too few puzzles and too many dialogues/monologues. Puzzles are more or less fine. The story is nice, but nothing more than that. Maybe there was stunning ending, but unfortunately I was not able to see it. Now for the main event - bugs! I have encountered two of them. The 1st was avoidable, the 2nd was not. So I was forced to finish the game prematurely. And even gameplay is not that bad, I simply can't recommend this game. Thus - NO, NO and NO one more time due to gamebreaking bugs.If you encounter the bug with the note, search steam forums - this bug is avoidable. But when you enter maze room, save immidiately on a new slot, because if you lure the ghost into ""incorrect"" room and save after that you will not be able to complete the game."
76561197967506690,Not Recommended,286480,31401077,Posted: 27 April,all,-==Kinderstock==-,"good atmosphere, good story, good music, but the puzzles are so hard and idiotic, why no hints/difficulty level for the puzzle? instead they add a puzzle-skip button, wow, great job!just play part 1 and 2, they are really great classic adventures..."
76561197970983403,Not Recommended,286480,17561657,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,killingyouguy,"Probably the best of the series (but that isn't saying much). Essentially the second half of one game (BM2 being the first half), the game's first few acts are okay but are just more of the same from the previous entry. It has pretty much the same locations and the same cast of characters. The game has even less horror then the previous entries in the series (which barely had any to start with) and even goes some lengths to make Mordred relatable or even likeable. The final act is incredibly cheesy and filled with some rather annoying puzzles (and a laughable cutscene confrontation with Mordred). The end contains no great insight or revelations or surprises, just a rather boring end to the whole saga. There's also religious aspects in the final chapters that seem out of place with the game's pagan themes and secular protagonist. In conclusion, avoid this series and spend your money and time elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,286480,32985996,Posted: 29 June,all,fossa58,♥♥♥♥♥est ending of all time.  dont waste your money
76561198157956713,Not Recommended,286480,19421660,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,**Uncle Bob**,"Oh dear. terrible, wooden voice acting. Awful, changing accents. Is it Irish? Scottish? Australian? Amercan? They keep changing!!!Terrible graphics for 2011. I couldn't wait to exit, but had to go through an extremely lengthy intro that I couldn't escape out of.Fortunately I paid under £2 for it.Plenty of people seem to like it, so if it's your thing, crack on.10/10 should've saved my £2 for a mars bar"
76561197970616511,Recommended,286480,18247130,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JojoTheSlayer,"A good locial point and click game.Story wise I never played the first one, but you should at least start with Black Mirror 2. 2 and 3 follows the story of Adrian and not knowing what happens in the first game makes stuff more interesting in my view. Visual quality wise I think Black Mirror 1 is a bit lower while 2 and 3 have the same level of quality images and so on.The game has aged well and it is a good back catalog type game to get on sale."
,Recommended,286480,18653329,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,bydrassil,"A spectacular ending for Black Mirror saga. You absolutely cannot guess the ""real"" Gordon Family curse till you play this game. I had the first game of these series as a gift from my friend and since then, I've obsessed with Gordon Family curse. And this final chapter was absolutely fantastic.With Adrian's sense of humor, this game is even better!"
,Recommended,286480,21132497,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Luckie,"A brilliant conclusion to a truly wonderful game series.The second game was quite a hit to start with, although I missed the wonderful accents of the German actors trying to sound as English as possible. This third installment improved on literally everything. Well, apart from the catastrophic ending! However, it can be overlooked if you're purely playing because you're a fan of the series. Unfortunately, the ending barely made any sense because they jumbled every fact they had collected together to make some sort of explanation as to why Mordred is doing these things. It was unsatisfying, but that is the only negative side to this game.Not as many puzzles as in its predecessors, which for me is great because they drive me absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing mental, but for those who are going out of their way to look for them it's a little disappointing; plus they've become a lot easier (or I've just become smarter, who knows?)I definitely recommend it, honestly there aren't very many games out there quite like these, unless you want to delve into the 2004 wave of point-and-click and search through mounds of Nancy Drew until you find what you really enjoy.Give it a go, it's always included in any Steam sale, especially the bundle for all three games which you can get for like 5 bucks in a sale.It's worth it.Trust me."
76561198197234309,Recommended,286480,25336363,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,lddake,"Good job wrapping up the The Black Mirror trilogy here. This game plays right behind the second one and has similar playability through the story. Not awesome by any stretch, but good all the same, I enjoyed it. I'll give this a 7 out of 10, gameplay just feels a bit smoother than the last one. Both good games though."
,Recommended,286480,22989906,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dame Amethyst,"I did really enjoy this game. I felt it was as good as the first, possibly better, and I liked that it rounded out the trilogy in a satisfying way. Yes, still some tedious tasks. The only real problem I had with II and III was that I didn't care for the main character at all. He wasn't likable so it was hard to really care whether he succeeded or not (only because I was playing as him did I feel concern about reaching the end). Samuel in the first game is a much better character. I still didn't figure out how to take pictures correctly in order to open the bonus games. This was something that was started in game 2 but I only took one picture in that one that was accepted. In this one, from the start I literally took a picture of just about everything the main character was supposed to check out in every single scene, but the list was still pretty grayed out when I checked at the end. Why won't they tell what you're supposed to do here to get the bonus achievements? That didn't make much sense to me. Oh, the puzzle to trap the two souls...man, was that hard! I saved like every few steps, which was a good thing because when I inevitably died, I didn't have to go back too far."
76561197968555056,Recommended,286480,22103285,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jaffa_geronimo,"played the second part (bought it the old-school-way, as physical media) and was glad to found by chance that a third part has been released.liked the locations, the different characters and this ""you get a comment for a lot of things in the word"" and the long playtime.i also liked the quest-book style of the main character.riddles/puzzles are okay in difficulty.imho the ending was a little bit short resp. some kind of ""cut""."
76561198045080783,Recommended,286480,22183489,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,L0stLP,"On its own: A horror/comedy about being possessed and trying your best to solve that problem. As part of a series: a bunch of questionable decisions that could have easily been avoided with ONE PROPER, HONEST conversation, but NO, let me dig my own grave here, as it the only sensible thing to do.As the finally to the series it manages to do what the previous two games were missing, Comedy. Yes, people still die and some scenarios were maybe not intended to be funny, but the dialogue is full of ham. There is an optional conversation with a fortune teller in every chapter that is top notch. It is made in the same engine as the second one and is mechanically identical, but with no QTEs. I grew to like the main caracter and feel sorry for him for his predicament, as he was finding his place in life. A good series with a flimsy plot, but still enjoyable."
76561198025070619,Recommended,286480,21998129,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,spiritworld,"Pretty much similar to previous part, except better graphics and less logic puzzles. I noticed many situations where I expected to solve logical puzzle but then there was none, on the contrary there was many situtations where the solutions to progress was to inspect+talk through everything in a scene, pleh. Storywise you must play previous game to get something out of this.There's almost a game stopping glitch when you inspect Miss Valleys house. Eventhough you solve the puzzle Darren won't react to it. Fortunately it's worked around by using ""skip the puzzle"" switch (activated from Additional game help in settings)The praise:-even better graphics, backgrounds are amazing-badass Mordred-Darren seizures-find the crows ""minigame""-good voice acting and dialog-more grimsome-you die fewer times...The nag:-... but you can still die (I see no point for dying in p'n'c, creates just needless save loading)-cawing of the crows becomes tiresome incredibly fast, luckily you can mute them from ambient sounds settings-too few puzzles, too much wandering-that one glitch"
,Recommended,286480,22905399,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"This was a good sequel and a decent conclusion to the story line.Good graphics, decent voice acting and puzzles (Save a couple atrocious puzzles), sparse video game logic involved in adventuring.Only real complaint was that there was a little bit of mundane tediousness that didn't seem needed and the ending felt rushed and poorly done with a terrible and cheesy cutscene."
76561198117787452,Recommended,286480,30777580,Posted: 27 March,all,Mattie,Nice and Scary Atmosphere . A lot of scary Moments for me. And few difficult parts in the game.I would defenitly recommend the 2 parts before to get the whole Story.I really enjoyed playing all 3 Parts.For Point&Click Adventure Fans a Must-Have.
76561198117374265,Not Recommended,286480,22006899,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BatGirlJack,"An amazing game series ruined by horrible mini-games and a 'was that it' ending.I've really enjoyed this series so far and still liked most of this game. They improved the walking speed and jumping to exits. But man, the bad side and this was killer - the mini-games are atrocious. At several points while playing I was so frustrated, I had to leave, not just the computer but my house! For example,at one point there's a mini game to reassemble a skeleton. I took time and did it, no result. Multiple attempts later, even after checking my layout with online guides and pictures of the solution, to which it was identical, but for some reason the game would just not accept it. One piece must have been off by millimeters, didn't matter. The same issue occurs when drawing ""walking lines"" on the map, off by a millimeter? Game doesn't tell you, it just refuses to let Adrian go down the path you know you have to go down.Granted you can eventually skip some puzzles but it feels so unjustified to do so after all your work on the puzzle.So moving past that, game play is nice, story continues to be interesting, winding up to a pretty cool ending area always hinting at the final big confrontation, then it fizzles out like a dollar store sparkler. I reached down to pet my cat and pretty much missed the whole 6 seconds of final battle video. That's the climax? 3 games of building story line just to end like that? Ugggggg! Maybe it was one of those, they ran out of money things, but man, I'm so let down.Don't let this game hurt you the way it hurt me.  Go into it with extremely low expectations."
76561198138464328,Recommended,286480,28311057,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,duckdodgers,Little dated but this game is pretty fun for a cheapy.
,Recommended,286480,28969640,Posted: 3 January,all,stefansniper,I wait black mirror 4
