user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198075522608,Recommended,286460,12260508,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Yanfaye,"Worth the money, in my opinion.Positives:+ Interesting, deep storyline.+ Many puzzles and lots of interaction, which provide a good challenge.+ An amusing, entertaining protagonist. I really got into the character whilst playing this game.+ Voice acting is not dull, and actually pretty good.+ Character can die, making it different from most point and click games. Remember to save your progress. I think this is a positive personally.+ You can tell a lot of work has gone into this game, and it shows in the quality.Negatives:- As point and click as it gets. If you don't like point and click games, you should probably step away from this. If you're not sure if you like them or not, then I still think this is a worthwhile and fun purchase.- Although the tabs state that this is a 'horror', it isn't really. More of a mystery, without the typical detective characters."
,Recommended,286460,26202544,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Audish,"The original Black Mirror was an interesting bit of classic adventuring, a slow burn through the mysteries of an ancient British castle and its noble line. Personally I loved it but it's a tough sell in the modern era, with some questionable puzzles and practically glacial pace. Black Mirror II needs no such qualifications though, as it builds on the pedigree by improving virtually every part of the formula.You play Darren Michaels, a young physics major out of Boston who's spending time with his mother in remote Biddeford, Maine. The appearance of a striking young woman in town sets off a chain of grim events that entangles Michael in the mysteries of Black Mirror, a storied castle in the English countryside. There's a lot of ground to cover between Maine and England but it's filled with tantalizing secrets, vicious machinations, and plenty of puzzles to solve.The gameplay is standard point-and-click gameplay from the classic era, updated for more modern sensibilities. Double-clicking on a point of interest jumps you right to the action, bypassing the slow character plods and sometimes laborious animations. There's a highlight button to see all the interactables in a scene, and a very useful journal that includes optional clues for trickier puzzles. Most importantly, the bizarre left click/right click mechanics of Black Mirror I have been dropped for simple left-click interactions which progress through stages of discovery with every click. Keep this in mind, too... There's one object in the game you have to click five times; the first two clicks get you an item, and the next three reveal a key puzzle.Your adventure is rendered in sharp detail, with 3D characters superimposed on 2D rendered backgrounds. I generally don't like this style but Black Mirror II has one of the better renditions of it, since the backgrounds almost match the detail of the characters and ONLY the characters are 3D, so no out-of-place polygonal items laying around. Everything is voice acted as well, and outside of some questionable European accents and a few weird word choices it adds greatly to the feel of the game (and can be freely clicked through for the impatient).That feel of the game is really what helps set Black Mirror apart from other adventures. What I liked about Black Mirror I was the sense of forlorn decay as you plumbed the depths of Gothic ruins. That feeling is still around in II, but is mixed with a lot more detective work and scheming. You were fighting an expression of evil in the first game, whereas here you're contending with conspirators and villains, and the more active antagonism really helps keep the game fresh and engaging. Biddeford, Maine might not seem like an interesting setting at first, but mix in a murder and blackmail and it really starts to grab you.There's not much negative I can say about the game, outside of Darren. He's an acquired taste to be sure, a hot-headded Boston youth who doesn't shy from getting in people's faces. I found him annoying early on but by the late game he mellows a bit as the stakes become clear. In fact, the overall game really improves as it rolls on, making more and more connections with the first game. That's something I really want to praise, too, how Black Mirror II builds off the first game without making it necessary. You can easily play this installment without having touched the first because Darren learns of the backstory as you do, and prior events are only used as solid world-building for the story told here.Black Mirror II really took the best parts of Black Mirror I and made a fantastic new experience out of them. The gameplay is more streamlined, the puzzles are more challenging but also clearer, the story builds on the original while standing tall on its own, and the graphics and polish are a huge step up. It's still on the slow burn side of the adventure spectrum but is even more worthwhile than its predecessor. I would absolutely put this one near the top of any adventure or horror list for how well it handles both genres.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198051141615,Recommended,286460,9857058,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,camocat_28,"Engaging storyline with some nice twist and turns. It is not so much of a ""horror"" game but has plenty of dark themes, creepy atmosphere and haunting music. The protagonist is a bit of an irritating brat at the start, but he slowly becomes more sympathetic to other people and thus more relatable at the end. Speaking of the ending, it is more of a ""buy the third game to find out what happened!"" type of cliffhanger, so be warned."
76561197994165059,Recommended,286460,11851702,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ax0n,"Great followup to the first Black Mirror which had some serious flaws. It stays true to the original story (the only good part of first game IMO) and expands upon it in an interesting way. Good graphics, really nice enviroments, great adaptive music and overall good voice overs (way better than the first game).I've played through quite alot of adventure games and I would rank this one in the top 5.Now I'm off to see if the third game can top it!"
,Recommended,286460,9869587,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Saga,"After absolutely HATING the first game (mostly due to it's thoroughly unlikable and horribly acted protagonist) I pretty much ignored the second game in the series. I'm glad I finally gave it a chance when it came to Steam though, as it felt like a VAST improvement.A MUCH more likable protagonist, a better paced story which still manages to be mostly ambiguous as to whether there's anything supernatural going on or not, more logical puzzles...there's a lot here which is much improved over the first game. It's a good length too but the variety of locations with a minimum of backtracking helps keep it interesting.The voice acting is still mostly terrible, but that's pretty much to be expected of adventure games of it's time. It also has possibly one of the most ridiculously abrupt cliffhanger endings I've seen (from what I gather it runs directly into the third and final game) but overall...yeah. I liked it.Four cases of hereditary brain-madness out of five."
,Recommended,286460,31368510,Posted: 25 April,all,Foopy64,"A worthy sequel to the first Black Mirror. This game, released 8 years later than the first game, has improved on every aspect. The graphics are detailed and look great, the voice acting is... alright, but still better than the first game, and the story managed to keep a good continuation from the first game, which was not intended to have any sequels! The ending is a pretty big cliffhanger, but luckily Black Mirror III is readily available. The puzzles are excellent, and you won't have to google anything like the zodiac puzzle from the first game. Brilliantly designed and very well done on all fronts. Anyone who liked the first game will be blown away by this sequel."
,Recommended,286460,10029849,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hiijinx,"A fun and enjoyable Point and Click game with interesting locations and characters with a very dark storyline - a welcome change from the usual light hearted competition. A few scares here and there, but nothing which you will lose any sleep over.Yes , as mentioned elsewhere, the main character comes across a bit like a spoilt brat at first but his dry sense of humour soon becomes quite amusing to listen to.Solid graphics with a mix of prerendered scenes and hand painted artwork this game was a pleasure to admire.It also features a ""Show items"" hotkey similar to Secret Files which you may love or hate - I find it a very useful feature as well as the option for hints should you find yourself stuck.Overall a very worthwhile Point and Click adventure which I look forward to replaying in the coming years."
,Recommended,286460,14441404,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DarkSpartan,"Black Mirror IIis really one of the best adventure games I've played in a while. The music, ambientation and graphics are very great. The voice acting is pretty good too. There are many characters who are complete and well created, and the game really feels, in many ways, quite realistic.Darren's sarcasm is quite amusing and refreshing, although occasionally it gets a little annoying!The best part about the game is that it is very long (many hours of gameplay), and the story really catches your attention, making you want to progress more and more. There are many things you need to do, ranging from the mundane to the mysterious. Many of the puzzles are inventory based, but there are also other kinds of very interesting puzzles.Despite being a ""horror"" game, it is really not horror. It has an eerie atmosphere, like in the first Black Mirror.The only critique I have is that, like most of these games, the ending was a little unsatisfying. But then, it immediately left me wanting to play Black Mirror III, which was probably the point.Verdict: I highly recommend this game! But go ahead and buy Black Mirror III as well, because when you finish 2, you'll want to play it!Análise em Português:Black Mirror IIé realmente um dos melhores jogos de aventura que eu joguei. A música, ambientação e os gráficos são excelentes. A dublagem é muito boa também. Há muitos personagens bem feitos e o jogo realmente parece, em muitos aspectos, bastante realista.O sarcasmo de Darren é bastante divertido e eficaz, embora algumas vezes ele seja um pouco irritante!A melhor parte sobre o game é que ele é bem longo (muitas horas de gameplay), e a história realmente prende sua atenção, fazendo você querer progredir mais e mais. Há muitas coisas que você precisa fazer, que vão desde coisas mundanas até tarefas sobrenaturais. Muitos dos puzzles são baseados no inventário, mas também existem outros tipos de quebra-cabeças bem interessantes.Apesar de ser um jogo ""de terror"", ele realmente não é. Ele possui uma atmosfera sinistra e misteriosa, assim como no primeiro Black Mirror.A única crítica que tenho é que, como a maioria desses jogos, o final é um pouco insatisfatório. No entanto, ele imediatamente me deixou querendo jogar Black Mirror III, o que provavelmente é o objetivo desse final.Veredito: Eu recomendo muito esse game! Eu aconselho comprar também Black Mirror III, porque quando você terminar o 2, você vai querer jogá-lo!"
,Recommended,286460,20679517,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Royal Rambler,"Black Mirror 2 (BM 2), is the second title in a series of 3 (Black Mirror, Black Mirror 2 & Black Mirror 3).The story started out interestingly in BM 1, and took a weird spin in BM 2 (but was somehow exciting). I have mixed feelings about it. It doesn't completely feel like a plausible sequel.Some of the parts felt fun to play, while other parts felt rather drab.In BM 2, there are some remnants of the ""stiff"" feeling during gameplay - as experienced in Black Mirror (especially, as the main character walks).When examining certain items along the way, there's a tendency for the character to turn around, take a few steps, only to move back to where he initially moved from.This feels really annoying at first, but it's not a major issue and really a matter of getting used to.A fun fact, is that the character actually changes clothes (i.e. sleeveless jacket/coat) - at some point - depending on the weather. I found that very pleasing, because it adds a layer of realism to the game.And just as in BM, the graphical textures & designs are splendid (e.g. beautiful animated clouds, water, reflections, impeccably furnished spaces). There's something very elegant & charming about it (which for me, added quite a bit of value).I also found the protagonist (aka Darren Michaels) absolutely lovable, thanks to a well developed personality (i.e. witty/dry sense of humour, humanitarian spirit, realistic mindset, rebellious attitude but dignified at the same time).And because of his intellectual background (= Physics major + lover of poetry/literature), some of the puzzles felt believable for him to solve, even though I deemed them dreadful & repetitive (luckily there's an option which allows to skip puzzles).I felt a bit unsatisfied and preferred the puzzles in BM (which were not too complicated, not too tedious, not too repetitive).I loved the interactive map (which allows the player to instantly travel from one explored place to another), and looks like an in-game postcard.So, what happens is, when you want to move from one area to another (within the same town), you select the postcard in the inventory, which then becomes magnified on screen, and has images from all across town printed on it.The images within the postcard (corresponding to the different areas in town), then just need to be clicked according to where you need to go and voila! - Darren goes off.I thought that was brilliant & creative.On a final note, I believe it's important to keep an open mind when playing this game. Some parts just feel ""off"" & ""fuzzy"". I found the supernatural parts not blending well with the realistic elements. And at times, I found the reactions and responses of the subcharacters awkward, and anything but natural.Regardless of this matter, I still enjoyed the game, thanks to the amount of background info regarding the main character's lineage :). I just wished the creators had added more new content (story-wise), because the game does feel repetitive as is.Still a classy game nonetheless!"
76561198015052897,Recommended,286460,13156536,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Maliceff,I really enjoyed this game.  But I must say I do not like Darren.  He comes off as a complete smart♥♥♥♥♥and I absolutely hate him.  But Im having fun diving deeper into the story of the Gordons... now on to BM 3.
,Recommended,286460,13957278,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"I am well into the 2nd game, and it feels much more polished then the first one. This is my 2nd play through of the game, i had the original retail copy back in the day. The story is about a decade or so after the events of the first one, while you do not need to play the first one, i do recommend it to tie up loose ends. This is a good port, so it should work well. It does ask you to install Microsoft C++ Redistribute, but you can skip that if you have a later version from other games.Remember to right click objects, you may need to trigger some scenes first and then come back to said object for Darren to pick it up. Occasionally i have had to click things two to three times to get it in my inventory.I do recommend following or referring to a guide on your first playthrough.This is a nice, spooky tale and great if you like games such as The Lost Crown, Darkfall, Myst, etc."
,Recommended,286460,16139601,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,Sequel to the first Black Mirror this one starts a bit off and takes a while before getting you in on the action. It seemed much easier than the first but all the while intriguing! Graphics are very nicely designed and the engine is completely different from its predecessor.You play as a young physics student who follows a chain of events to uncover an unsettling secret about his family's past.8/10!
76561198077378264,Recommended,286460,34301702,Posted: 17 August,all,Sorenn,"Black Mirror II takes place 12 years after the events of the original Black Mirror.  If you liked the first game I think you will like this one too.  You play as Darren Michaels, a college student from Boston.  I found Darren to be every bit as unlikeable as Samuel Gordon, the original protagonist in the first game.  Now Darren has a Bostonian accent - I'm not sure how authentic it is but I found it a bit annoying.  Darren is a physics major and very clever at making use of everyday objects that come to hand (think MacGyver for those of you old enough to get the reference).  Darren is also a complete jerk, he is rude to people, he lies and manipulates people to get what he wants.  As Darren you can take advantage of the developmentally delayed, impersonate a police officer, damage other people's belongings, administer noxious substances to unsuspecting persons (No! means No! Darren), break into other people's property, interfere with a dead body at least once, conceal evidence from law enforcement, place young women in potentially compromising situations, intercept mail addressed to others and much more.I really liked this game.  It isn't nearly as creepy or unsettling as the original was though.  It plays more like a Sherlock Holmes mystery than a horror game.  There are some excellent twists in the plot that caught me unsuspecting.  Darren has the opportunity to wander around locations that have been executed with top notch artwork.  The music is suitably creepy.  The voice acting is very well done and there is plenty of dialog that I thought was well written.  The puzzles/tasks are challenging but not impossible - you have to think a bit.The pace of this game is  slow but you are always able to progress to plot.  Using the space bar highlights the objects and locations that Darren can interact with.  I was able to finish the game without needing to refer to a walkthrough. This game is good for about 15 to 20 hours of playing time. I bought this from the Steam Summer sale for about 4 dollars.  I think I got good value for my money.I give this game 8 out of 10 and recommend it to people who like point and click type games."
76561198026751922,Recommended,286460,11876734,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Anouska,"I adore this series! The atmosphere and world building are wonderful, and the gameplay and plot do not disappoint."
76561198119657377,Recommended,286460,11171011,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,pollym,"i love all 3 of this series,point and click is my favourite type of game,the atmosphere and storyline is superb.but oh dear.the voice acting is atrocious.especially the cockney tom in DM2 i couldnt bear to listen to it ,the rest of the voices were almost as bad,probably the worst ive ever listened to in any game,i still rate the game highly though brcause of the story ,"
76561198134651521,Recommended,286460,17357046,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,simon.tman,"This is the second game in a trilogy which utterly essential if you love point 'n 'click games. I would go so far as to say, story wise I prefer Black Mirror to even the mighty Broken Sword; it's a very beautiful game to look at, and very clever. It feels as though it had mighty production values, which is probably a result of the above average artwork and score.In my review of Black Mirror, I recommended beginning the trilogy by playing the games out of their chronological order, on the basis that two II and III are a batter introduction to the overall story, and tonally different enough to the first that if you played part one and didn't enjoy it, you would be making a mistake not playing the sequels. it is difficult to stand by this decision having played through all three games recently, as there are a number of recurring characters and locations you will appreciate more having played the first game, but I stand by my comments.Black Mirror II introduces us to a new protagonist, Darren Michaels (significantly more contemporary and relatable than Samuel), and begins in the good ole' US of A. The backdrops are drawn beautifully, and the characters all come to life in their own little ways, in a similar manner to the first game. The locations are rich and detailed, and it isn't long before things begin to get a little strange. There are hints of sinister goings on in Fuller's store (Fuller being Darren's incredibly seedy boss) and before you know it, the infamous Willow Creek and Black Mirror castle finds it's way into the story, and it's here that the game really comes into it's own.How the game references the first, is an absolute work of genius. From Gordon's Palace (a refurbished mental asylum referenced much and visited in the first game) to the museum depicting the terrible murders which took place some twelve years prior, the Black Mirror games represent a complete and well woven story, which truly feels like a meticulously planned trilogy, from beginning to end. Locations from the former game are revisited to satisfying effect. We meet old faces again, and all the while the game manages to maintain a tone of mystery and unease, drawing you into the sleepy yet sinister little town of Creek.It is to review the game without giving too much away, and it's worth playing knowing as little about the story as possible. There are, however, some cons to , chiefly:- The voice acting. Some of the characters are just awful for some reason, in particular Tom. How they managed to do such a bad job of his accent is truly a thing to behold.- The final section of the game goes a bit puzzle crazy. At the one time you want nothing more than to move the story forward, you're hammered with contrived puzzles left right and centre, and frankly it all gets a bit much.- The BM games are famously dialogue heavy. This one isn't as bad as the first, but by god some characters do like to yappity yap.Heartily recommended overall though. There aren't many games like this out there, and if you can put up with a couple of dodgy accents and a whole lot of chatter, it's an experience you will never forget."
76561198009903018,Recommended,286460,9767617,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Not a bad adventure game, also quite long, but not difficult to finish.Also, not a classic, but can be interesting to buy at a discounted price."
,Not Recommended,286460,30474412,Posted: 12 March,all,Mithras O_+,"Black Mirror 2, like the first in the series it is a point and click murder mystery.pros:>Voice Acting>Models>Animation>BackgroundsCons:>Atmosphere (no where near as good as the first, game did not seem spooky at all)>Story (good how they tied up some plot holes from the first but i thought the story was rather dull)>Facial expressions are non exsistentOverall i thought the game was lackluster. the story and atomsphere never got going and the game felt like a chore to play because of this. The game however does look and sound great but it wernt enough to prevent how boring the game is. The main character as well just sucks, total♥♥♥♥♥♥3/10"
76561198160042778,Recommended,286460,12999999,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,whereangelsfly,"Sometimes you wonder how does that huge ladder fit into my pocket? A lot of the movement and action in the game is heavy/cumbersome and it may annoy some of the players. Nevertheless, the story is still interesting and the soundtrack and special effects are awesome. I just wish the creators would have not covered the characters' voices with the background sounds. Sometimes you can't even hear what they are saying."
76561197972467741,Recommended,286460,15013911,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ifiwereking,"Graphics were better than the first, acting was better than the first, puzzles made more sense than the first.Pretty good story line, but overall it still moved pretty slow.Am now moving on to the 3rd game."
76561198010823926,Recommended,286460,14827058,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bloody Assassin,"Broken Sword with an English setting. If you are a fan of the Broken Sword series, then Buy the Black Mirror series now!"
76561198014055694,Not Recommended,286460,20220480,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Eclaer,"The Black Mirror II has some nice looking graphics of the gothic variety. This is maybe the strongest point of it. Typical to adventure games, the game progresses by you carefully combing through all the points of interest.  Sometimes you have to look at a thing later again that you had already looked at. Sometimes you can collect junk when you don't know what its for, and at other times the character only accepts to pick something up after there's a need for it. I resorted to the 'aargh I'll just try any item on any other item or hotspot' to solve problems at least a few times to try to get the game to move on. The puzzles are mostly easy, of the familiar (say 'sliding puzzle') variety and for the others the answer is typically written somewhere nearby, or the main character helpfully narrates what you should try next. This eery precognition, the main characters tendency to jump into conclusions, and the fact that the storyline progresses in an unplausible manner, gave me a continuous feeling of disbelief. At many occasions I stared slack-jawed at what just happened. Such things might be okay in a fantasy world, but the game supposedly portrays contemporary (albeit magical) realism where its unlikely people would behave like they do in the game.I'd give it 7/10 ('ok but flawed'). As Steam allows only recommended or not, its a no."
,Recommended,286460,28623431,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,banishbane,"Muuuuuuch better than its predecessor. The puzzles are still fun, generally logical, and thankfully this game does away with the horrible mechanic of having to visit every available location and speak to every NPC multiple times to unlock the next stage of a quest. However this game still suffers, though not as badly, from stilted dialog -- ""Exuse me"" . . . long, awkward silence . . . ten seconds later ""yes, may I help you?"" Six hours of my 13.5 hrs on record were spent waiting for someone else to speak."
76561198025070619,Recommended,286460,20894232,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,spiritworld,"You're Darren Michaels who suddendly finds himself mixed in cult conspiracy and curse of aristocratic Gordon family. It's recommended that you have played BM1 since story depends greatly on the past events. Story was compelling and all the time I wanted to find more about what was going on. Also most of the flaws in the first game are fixed. You can still die but thanks to autosave slot it's just mildy frustrating. I'm used to that too often main characters in p&c are ♥♥♥♥♥ing moaners, but in BM2 every second NPC is an a-hole without reason. Especially why customer servers are the most infuriating lowlifes and bimbos? Or maybe it's a hidden statement... from time to tome there's a statements along the Darren's monologs: for example about environment.The praise:-Great graphics and improved animations. Animations are extremely well done and smooth-interesting story-well written dialog, sometimes you even learn some historical etc. stuff from surroundings-autosave-long-diary that tells you exactly what is your goal atmThe nagging:-you can still die-almost everyone's a difficult person-Darrens voice is like some irritating teenager's-when other npc are animating (not when idling, but walking or standing up), you'll have to wait"
,Recommended,286460,34996922,Posted: 16 September,all,Foibleson,"Joint review for Black MIrror I, II and III:I highly recommend finishing Black Mirror I before starting II and III.BM I is harder, more outdated, and tends to crash if you alt-tab in the game, so save often and you may need a walkthrough. A lot of it is ""hidden object"" type of gaming and the objects are sometimes unfairly hidden IMHO. But something about the old style of this game makes it even more creepy, possibly more than the next two in some ways.BM II and III were produced around the same time and are more modernized, with better graphics. They are a bit more fair and a walkthrough is not quite as necessary as with the first. The protagonist can be somewhat unlikeable if you don't like happy-go-lucky drifter kids with Boston accents. There's an option in BM II and III where you can show all clickable areas on the screen.Overall good stories and puzzles, and a bit of a sense of humor. But mostly these are mysterious games where you are constantly looking for something, or someone. The endings of BM I and II are  very good, the ending for BM III is of course more final but also somehow less satisfying than you would expect (given we are dealing with dark magic stuff it feels pretty made-up.)"
76561198164016063,Recommended,286460,20190248,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Artemur,pros- gorgeous background art- voice acting much better than first game- fast paced plot and this game's story tied pretty good with BM 1's story- some unexpected twists in story. you re gonna surprised in the end- easy puzzles- there is auto save- eerie soundtrack- dark atmosphere.- a likeable protagonist and interesting side characters.cons- abrupt and lame ending just like BM 1.- this game is not as scary and bloody as first one and you won't find BM 1 's gothic environments and atmosphere too much.
,Recommended,286460,25785502,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,LadySpiritWolf,"This is one of my favorite mystery point-and-click game series. Ever since I played the first game many years ago, I had to play the games that followed it. If you love point-and-click games, then I recommend this game.Pros:*The graphics and audio sounds are splendid.*A hotspot button that allows you to see what objects you can interact with, if you happen to not find the one you are searching for.*Subtitles - there is a button that allows you to turn subtitles on in the Options menu.*Characters with personality - even though some are cliche, they make you want to love or hate them. For instance, I find the main character (Darrin) to be a sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that makes me laugh at times lol.*Mystery - Yes, the plot and some scenes are cliche, but there is a mystery that makes you want to continue to find the answers to why and how Darrin is connected to all of this.*Hints - If you are lost then check your journal for entires telling you what is your current task.Cons:*Some graphic/audio bugs - In some scenes I have had the graphics jump and the audio skip, as if they were having trouble loading. This didn't bother the game itself, but slightly distracting.*Unrelated information Darrin talks about - Now, this wasn't an issue for me since I enjoy how he gives information about the items and his past. It brings more depth to the story and characters. However, I understand there are some people who dislike unrelated information he talks about when you click on an item.This is my thoughts so far on the game, but I'll update my reivew more once I finish the game."
76561198038625342,Recommended,286460,16225773,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dash,"Black Mirror II is probably not a very good adventure game, but I'm going to recommend it anyway as it does a lot of things well.  I'm going to break this down into categories of puzzles, voice acting, atmosphere/setting/graphics, and narrative as that's all that really makes up an adventure game.  Obviously, I'm going to be spoiling this game, so don't read if you want to play Black Mirror II.Voice Acting:My god the voice acting is atrocious.  It got to the point where I just turned on subtitles and wanted to turn off the voices.   Dialogue is pretty crucial in adventure games, having bad voice acting is just unacceptable.  This is definitely the worst voice acting i've ever encountered in any adventure game I've played.  Gemini Rue basically sounds like they did the voice acting in some guys apartment, even that was far superior to this.  I've heard the German voice acting on youtube videos and it's quite good, so as far as I can tell it's whoever they hired out for the English translation that just completely blew it.  I looked everywhere online to see if I could use German voice acting with English subtitles and as far as I can tell there is no way to do this.  When I played the Witcher 2 they had a fantastic option allowing me to use the original Polish voice actors with English subs, its clearly something that can be done and really should have for this game.Even more unfortunate the main character (Darren) has a particularly terrible English voice actor.  It's just incomprehenisbly bad.  I can't fathom why they even paid this voice actor for this work.  He attempts to use a Southie Boston accent for the game.  It's offensively bad.  European studios should never attempt to hire voice actors that aren't from America and then ask them to do such specific American accents.  It hurt my ears everytime he talked.  I would just quickly read the subtitles and skip most of his acting.  I strongly considered not recommending the game based on this alone.  The rest of the voice actors are also terrible, but at least far better then the main character.Puzzles:These are some of the hardest puzzles I've ever encountered in any adventure games.  They are ""The Dig"" levels of difficulty.  Most of the time they are just completely obtuse.  I am ashamed to admit it, but I don't think I even solved half the puzzles in this game.  They have an auto solve button and I had to use this for almost every single puzzle (I didn't even realize this was an autosolve button until halfway through the game and had been constantly hitting it thinking you had to just to let the game know to check your solution).  This game also has an absurd amount of puzzles, more then I've seen in any adventure game and this game is a good 20 hours long too.  Narrative wise it got a bit ridiculous the amount of puzzles the game was asking you to solve.  So quite frankly I would say this game has many terrible puzzles.For example in ""Black Mirror Castle"" at one point I had literally searched everywhere in the entire Castle for a password I needed for a lock.  Literally, everywhere.  The game has a hint system so I used it and it told me to check the mailbox.  That seem absurd as I had checked it and it was empty.  I checked again and a letter was inside with the password.  This letter only appears once you start solving the puzzle.  It's not as if the game showed you the passage of time, or as if this was a new chapter in the game that might indicate the passage of time.  No commend was made of the mail arriving.  You were just supposed to randomly check the mailbox again which had been empty moments ago.  Instances like this constantly came up in the game, where examining objects would reveal one thing and then seconds later the description would change.  It makes it so every single time you find any item in the game you then have to reclick every single icon on the screen to make sure the descriptions haven't changed as the character may well give you completely new information about an icon.  It's just extremely bad design.Atmosphere/Setting/Graphics:I enjoyed the art direction immensely for this game.  Sometimes I felt the 3D look was quite bad, characters move awkwardly a lot.  ""Gray Matter"" does it far better, however it's not abysmal.  The backgrounds are all very nicely rendered.  The game takes place in a seaside town in northern Maine, a decrepit English town, a castle in Wales, and a Castle in England.  During these journeys the game constantly has a dark foreboding look.  Everyone of these locations has dark skies and pouring rain.  I think the sun literally only comes out once in the game while you are in Maine.  It sets the mood perefectly.  The soundtrack is similarly fitting, but it needs to be far more expanded.  I think their was basically one song the whole game, even ""Gray Matter"" had about 3 songs!  The game predictably has a lot of grey's/browns/dark green, everything appears very creepy.  The flashes of constant lightning while in the decaying ""Black Mirror"" Castle was particularly nice.  If you are going to have a murder mystery can't go wrong with having a constant lightning storm through the game.Narrative:It's an adventure game, so narrative is pretty much the game.  This is why I'm recommending the game, despite it's absurd problems with voice acting and sometimes atrocious puzzle design.  The narrative is very good, certainly wouldn't put it above ""Gray Matter"" or any of the ""Laura Bow"" games.  It's a very competent murder mystery.  The bodies stack up at a nice pace, it's a slow burn which is how murder mystery's should be.  I will say I was disappointed that  solved the murdery mystery after act 1 (the game has 6 acts).  It was just painfully obvious who the murderer was.The main problem imo is not that it's an easily solveable murder mystery though, but that the main character is atrocious (this is voice acting aside).  I guess people in Germany think Americans are obnoxious idiots, because my god the main character of Darren is probably the worst character in all of videogames.  He makes Geron from ""Dark Chains"" look like the most normal person in the world.  Darren is stupid, abrassive, obnoxious, insane, rude, violent, basically just use any negative adjective and it would fit Darren.  This is who you play as.  I don't know why the developers would think you'd want to embody such an awful person.  It's incomprehensible that anyone even talks to this person.  He will just go up and outright insult people and threaten to murder them...like constantly.  He even acts this way to the police.  I was so taken aback by every single bit of dialogue that came out of this characters mouth that I almost turned it off.In Act one the main love interest ""Angelina"" is arrested for murder and your job is to find evidence to show she is innocent.  Now you basically easily know who the real murderer is and could even lead the police to the evidence that proves shes innocent.  Instead of this, Darren says the police are all incompetent and simply want to arrest some foreigner and it's up to him to get the evidence himself.  Besides saying this internally he straight up says this to the chief of police despite the fact the chief of police is extremely reasonable and courteous to you and clearly wants to solve this murder.  This is how Darren acts to all characters he will straight up call the person an idiot and most times threaten to murder them.  Except of course ""Angelina"" who he is creepily sexually obsessed with...and this is a woman he's known for about an hour in the game.  All his internal dialogue is pretty much how much he wants to have sex with her immediately. It's quite disturbing.In the end though it's a fun murder mystery which I would recommend on the cheap. However, although Black Mirror 1 is not really connected, Black Mirror III is a must play as this game literally has no ending. So  #Worth $2.50!"
76561198076916084,Recommended,286460,14999762,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jathre,"Nice sequel to a nice game. Most of the flaws from previous part are gone. Game length is even bigger. But the ending is still not the best, let's hope that third part will fix this flaw too. Conclusion: highly recommended for point-and-click adventure lovers."
,Recommended,286460,34845153,Posted: 9 September,all,alexandra.pripu,"The game can pretty much be summed up like this:Click. Meet a beautiful woman named Angelina.Click. Take photos of Angelina.Click. Dream about Angelina.Click. Combine two objects in order to get to Angelina.Click. Go out on a date with Angelina.Click. Save Angelina.Click. Combine two objects in order to get to Angelina.Click. Break into Angelina's hotel room.Click. Search for Angelina.Click. Combine two objects in order to get to Angelina.Click. Read Angelina's diary.Click. Talk to Angelina's mother.And so on until Angelina shoots you.The autosave-before-unexpected-death feature is a major improvement. It saves you the 7 hours of progress you would have lost in Black Mirror 1. I can even say that this is an effective anti-rage quitting feature.Some of the elder's voice-overs are still bad and slow. They are forcingly clinging on every word, talking slower and slower with every breath, sucking the life out of you. You will be a skeleton by the end of the dialogue. I recommend reading their lines fast and then click to skip to your lines, if you don't want to die young.The game would have been a little more realistic if you would have had a truck instead of a pocket inventory. You can only store and transport items like chains, hoses, dinghies, ladders and clothes dummies in a truck.The buildings and interiors are nicer than those in Black Mirror 1.7/10, passed my test, so I recommend it.If you want to read the review I made for Black Mirror 1, you can find it here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/alexandrapripu/recommended/292930/"
76561198262080096,Recommended,286460,20739203,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"This is a very good game, much better than the first part of the trilogy. I really liked the first two chapters, where you are slowly getting into the game by 'living' the main character rather instead of clicking on everything on the screen. You solve puzzles without even noticing they are puzzles. These are just things to do.As the game progresses and the plot thickens the game changes into a more classic point&click adventures with symbol-searching puzzles, music puzzle, collecting elements puzzles, make your escape puzzles and so on. Thanks to the ability to highlight interactive points the game does not transform into a pixel hunt.The story is really good, even if the twists are more or less predictable. It's nice to see some locations and characters from the Black Mirror I.Animation of characters while interacting with environmnet is clumsy. I also did not like the few real-time action situations - they were unnatural, and a bit incoherent (going into action mode in some cases meant you will die after 2 seconds if you don't do anything; in other you could run forever in a room without any progress of the situation). Some of the character's reactions were not credible, as were the dialogue lines (something between implausible rudeness and Asperger's honesty in interactions with other people).Graphics were quite ok, music was standing out too much - in such games/movies you should not really notice it to get more immersed in the atmosphere.Overall a very good adventure game. To be played after the first part of the trilogy, if you want the full experience."
76561198014174427,Recommended,286460,20619944,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Conclave,"This is the best of its kind. I played many others similar like Gray Matter, Memento Mori, etc.What I liked over other similar games* Pre-rendered scene art is the best I've seen in games. Looks great on 1080p and blends very well with 3D art.* Ease of interface. Game mechanics have been fairly painless compared to most adventure games.The story is fairly engaging to keep you interested.Overall atmosphere gets you into the story well.You should get this game if you liked the other games I mentioned."
76561197970983403,Not Recommended,286460,17262947,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,killingyouguy,"A vast improvement over the first entry in the series but still very difficult to recommend. It's cliche and predictable. There is virtually no horror, just some silly occult themes. Most of the puzzles are fairly simple and if you get stuck in the game it's likely due to some object hidden on the screen (pixel hunting). The protagonist is also difficult to like, his snarky attitude wore thin pretty quickly. I did enjoy the rain effect and especially the storm effects towards the end.Oh, and the game ends on a cliffhanger and, from what I've seen of the third, it looks like they just chopped one game in half. Perhaps get on sale if you're absolutely desperate for a new adventure game, no matter how pedestrian the experience."
76561198103651772,Recommended,286460,14940829,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Vigi React,"I thouroughly enjoyed the series, and this installment was my favorite. Playing as Darren before the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan is fun, even if you don't like him at first. I appreciate the old school design of seeing your character move and interact with the environment (♥♥♥♥ you Myst!) The voice acting is pretty decent, the comments are believable. Using and combining items to solve problems is much preferred over a lifetime of playing point and clicks which feature lateral thinking and esoteric solutions. I love Monkey Island 2, but hate it at the same time."
76561198071359032,Recommended,286460,14213635,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kaseteufel,"The ""horror"" in this game didn't start till 4/5 hours into the game, however after that there was a lot of horror and suspense for till the end. Unfortunately the end was only 5/6 hours away. So was it worth it for half the game to be so boring it was hard to continue.... I don't know, it's all personal opinion. What I do know is that there is a part 3 and if they start off where they left off and continue then I think it is worth it."
76561198003375076,Recommended,286460,18165462,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),Excellent !!
,Recommended,286460,28969627,Posted: 3 January,all,stefansniper,Love that family
,Recommended,286460,25466026,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Energonchi,"black mirror 2 on the pc is a videogame featuring curves upward appearing!Nice shape, springs you forward!Great propels each step quickens!Nice transitions!An epic foot placement elminates heavy overlays!A new interactive world that is bootie construction vacation relative!Like the rest maxed out cushioning lines with soften doodles!Ample art design,some cool monuments outsole in the preferences!Techniqually aggressive in some standards!Protrude effort!GRabbing muddy traps!Charged ahead traction!A fully knit upper low profile selection!The music atmosphere wrapping softly yet securely dense foam!Around the perimeter it adds the vibe and its not for everyone!Great feeling of control of iteration!Some cool feet flexes!Moving naturallky i give this game a 8.9/10great enginneered graphics with a moving presentation of tad sipes of cutting pleasure love the burrito master"
76561197999602910,Recommended,286460,12237200,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Rostburken,"Not as good as the first game, but still very good and intersting."
,Recommended,286460,30972497,Posted: 5 April,all,fossa58,main character kisses his sister
76561198146043925,Recommended,286460,29547496,Posted: 28 January,all,jackoid89,"I really enjoyed playing this game. It is definitely worth if you already play the first BM though, otherwise many of the references of places and characters are lost.I particularly appreciated the plot, less linear then the first one, and with a good amount of plot twists.The fast interaction was a REALLY welcome fixed, since in the previous chapter it took ages to walk from a scene to the other.Some of the reviews complained about the ""fake Boston accent"" of Darren, but since English is not my mother tongue, I was not annoyed by the fact.What I also liked in BM I as well as BM II was the difficulty of the puzzles. Not too crazy (monkey island 2 style) nor too trivial, but of course this is a subjective opinion.If you are a lover of graphic adventure and don't mind a dark atmosphere, I definitely recommend the whole BM series, especially since with  steam sales the whole pack is quite cheap.Really looking forward to play the last chapter!"
76561198120848972,Recommended,286460,19375395,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mtjam1567,"At first i was unsure how much i would like this game. I do enjoy point and click games and got the black mirror triliogy on sale. The game started alittle slow but the story is very good and develops as you continue to play.  The main character is acctually very intelligent which makes using items alittle difficult because of you really have to think of ways the items you gather are used. The music captures this game perfectly i really enjoyed the creepy pianos and violins and it helped set a good atmosphere during the game.  The artwork is dfecent i like the depection of biddeford, maine and black mirror castle is a unique setting which can be explored in more depth in black mirror 3 which if you get to the end of black mirror 2 you most definetly want to play."
,Recommended,286460,20875801,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Genevieve,"I love the Black Mirror games.  I played the original some time back, now just catching up on the sequels.  Very atmospheric, great if you love exploring areas and solving puzzles without getting shot at by random creatures or people."
76561198117374265,Recommended,286460,21853064,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BatGirlJack,"There's really not much to say about this game. It's a solid, decent game with nothing outstanding in any way.Like its predecessor, it's a very long, story based game, but features a more modern setting with an updated, unappreciated, sarcastic, Bostonian accented youth. There are hardly any mini-game puzzles, which is a shame because those that are there are really well designed and fun to play. Main character doesn't run, but most screens will let you jump to the next screen if you can click on an exit location. The notepad app was a great feature, providing totally clear instructions and accumulating hints if you get stuck and the hotspot screen is infinitely helpful when trying to find small items.There are tons of bonus features I barely unlocked. So when playing, try to remember to take pictures of pretty much every character in the game."
76561198045080783,Recommended,286460,22183222,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,L0stLP,"On its own: A very modern version of a point-and-click/horror with quick time events that can kill you. As part of a series: a bunch of questionable decisions that could have easily been avoided with ONE PROPER, HONEST conversation, but NO, let me dig my own grave here, as it the only sensible thing to do.Unlike the first one this game has some improvements, it makes you feel like you are the knight in shining armour, but there is a lot more beneath the surface. You can see the hotpots and skip the minigames if you choose. On the other hand the death scenarios have been changed to split second decisions, heck sometimes a few of them in a row. The main character feels to hip-and-cool and is also a huge skeptic and out of place."
76561198192365441,Recommended,286460,20583940,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Karadrhas,"It is simply one of the best point & click adventure games of all times. I had played all three parts of the Black Mirror series couple of years back and when I saw them now on Steam, I just had to buy them. The whole trilogy of Black Mirror is an absolute must for every adventure games' fan, and I am more than sure that the old school players are all well aware of it. Therefore, I am writing this review for all of you who read about that title for the first time.The series can stand proudly among the Monkey Island and the Broken Sword series and I simply do not understand why it is not just as famous as the abovementioned titles. However,  there is something special about the second instalment of the series. Contrary to Black Mirror I where the atmosphere is somewhat frenetic from the very beginning, the second story evolves at a slower pace, but allows the player to better identify with a 'fin du siecle' type of character that Darren is. In contrast to Samuel from part one who was scared all the time, Daniel does not give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥but is rather reluctantly intertwined in the events that are taking place. Darren gives the game a unique atmosphere: there is a balance between solving the mystery and having a relaxed (and very often sarcastic) attitude towards everything. That is why he reminds me of George Stobbart from the Broken Sword so much.The puzzles are well balanced, perhaps sometimes a bit simple (the option to show all the interactive elements on the screen makes everything significantly easier - though you do not have to use it when you do not want to), but do not think that the game does not pose a challenge at all. There is a fascinating story behind all of this and I just find myself playing it once more just for the sake of the story. Voice acting was done in an exquisite fashion - every character is believable and makes the whole experience comparable to watching a good film. The graphics has aged really well and you can immerse yourself in the game just as well as a few years back. Last but not least, the game is an amazing commentary on the modern world and for that specific reason everybody can find something for themselves in the story that is told. That is the very reason I want to play one more time. I sincerely recommend it - your money will be well spent."
76561198284884840,Recommended,286460,25064588,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kbrown3930,"I liked this game and you will too if you like a lot of puzzles and point and click games with a horror type story. The story is the strongest part of the black mirror series along with the look of the game.The graphics are nice for an older game. The only things I don't like are1. the walking is a bit slow and you walk back and forth a lot which can get a bit boring.2. there are a lot of things to look at, and some of those things are rather meaningless. It would have been better if the developers had only included things to look at that were totally relevant to the game.For example, do you really need to look at the mansion and see a vine growing up to a window and comment on that vine?I found I got sick of looking at every little detail because I just wanted to get on with the story.But, In order not to miss clues you HAVE to look at everything, even the things that are not totally relevant.Other than that..a really great little point and click."
,Recommended,286460,27796996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gazza,"Played the first one long ago, good Point & Click adventure with a mature story. The follower is even better. I actually have nothing bad to say at all. The beginning felt a little awkward, with everyone kinda unfriendly/negative, but thats it.(played in offline mode)"
76561197990931812,Recommended,286460,25712248,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Verkantill,"I really like this game, especially the 1st one in my native language, but i hate this steam version. When I try to quit the game, my PC freeze and I have to reboot system.If you can buy retail version, then buy it, its cool, but i can´t recommend this steam version for it´s technical issue.Maybe it´s only my PC but I´m to lazy to find a solution. My CD version is a better one."
,Recommended,286460,32186976,Posted: 4 June,all,Kensei,"Despite having the most obnoxious little♥♥♥♥♥♥as a main character, voiced by what I can only imagine is a chicken on estrogen, this game is actually quite interesting. Give it a shot."
76561198041649379,Recommended,286460,29165853,Posted: 10 January,all,Sigmund,"I absolutely love the story of Black Mirror!Good voice acting, mysterious atmosphere, full of surprises.I loved the hand drawn graphics.The Music is also very good, helps set the mood.This and Black Mirror 3, were the games that got me playing Point&click again.I played Black Mirror 2, without playing Black Mirror 1 previously, and it didn't pose a problem.Black Mirror 2 and 3, are made by the same developer ""Cranberry Production"".Black Mirror 1 is substantially older.I highly recommend you get at least Black Mirror 2 and Black Mirror 3!Both are a Must-Buy."
76561198000336405,Recommended,286460,29688677,Posted: 4 February,all,Lowfar,"I enjoyed Black Mirror 2 even more than the first game. The voice acting was much better for the main character and the game had even more twists and turns than BM1. There were of course the same nitty picky issues as in the first game (namely the inability of the main character to RUN), but for its time, I found it to be a solid mystery story in the point and click style. You don't really have to play the first game to enjoy this one (although it does set up the background rather well), but BM3 is a continuation of this one, so if you want a resolution to the story, I suggest getting at least 2 & 3  together. I spent around 90 hours on the trilogy (I am a little obsessed with checking out every possible alternative) and I found it an enjoyable adventure. If you don't mind older game machanics, and enjoy the mystery genre and the point and click style, then this is a solid buy."
76561198036094809,Recommended,286460,34648870,Posted: 31 August,all,daisycutting,"Some much needed improvements from the first installment, at the sacrifice of that weird creepy atmosphere.I played all 3 back to back and enjoyed this one the most."
76561198015497259,Recommended,286460,34657770,Posted: 1 September,all,VipeR,"A trully amazing game! I liked the first one but i loved the sequel. Am a fan of point and click adventures and i got all 3 Mirrors on sale. And am glad that i did. The story has its twists and turns with a lot of mystery. This sentence states taken from the title below ""When solitary Darren Michaels befriends the beautiful Angelina, he has no idea what the fates hold in store for him"" and so neither did I :) . Compare to the first Mirror the second one is a great improvent in every aspect of the game (graphics, voice acting, puzzles, story). What i like the most are the puzzles that are within a  nice flow into the game, logical (with minor exceptions). If you like point and click adventues then this is a must and for an old game series as this one!"
