user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,286570,16968242,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,XLNC Afro,"So far I have been left with a bitter taste in my mouth and cannot recommend this game... yet.Pros:The graphics and optimisation. I have a FX-8320 and a GTX 970. I'm getting 60+ FPS with the whole grid on ultra.The handling model. I have a G27 and I am happy with the FFB and the physics have vastly improved, especially compared to F1 2014.Cons:No safety car. I don't know Codemasters reasoning for this but I personally feel it takes away from the game.This game crashes more than Maldonado. Ran a benchmark, crashed. Tried online, crashed. Started pro season mode, crashed. You get the idea.Littered with bugs. For now there is only one that I find truly game breaking. When I play Pro season mode, (for those who dont know, it is supposed to turn off all HUD and assists and locks you into cockpit cam) I still have all the assists on and since the menu is greyed out I can't manually turn them off.I would advise anybody interested in this game, to be patient and wait for future fixes and then consider a purchase.May update this in the future. 10/07/15------------------------------------------------------------24 hours of game time later I feel it is time to update my review.First off, since my first review they released a 2nd patch on the day of release, which is pathetic that it was even needed in the first place as it wasnt even a large one. Thankfully though it seems to have fixed the game crashing so Pastor can now sit safe and keep his reputation.The more I have driven in this game the more and more I'm enjoying racing the AI and the handling model. The Championship season, Quick race and Time trial modes are the ONLY parts of the game I would consider ready to be released. Pro season and Multiplayer however were and STILL ARE NOT READY.For the first time in the series you can actually race the AI wheel-to-wheel, and unlike Project Cars there aggresion is about right. The AI are very spacially aware so if you were to dive up there inside they won't turn in on you. They are also very racey themselves as they wont back out 100 metres before a braking zone as before, and will try to outbrake you if you leave the door open. For reference I have the AI on the hardest setting.However I would consider Championship season mode ready,although it does have a few features missing. You can no longer underfuel the car in this game and since you can no longer run rich fuel mix for longer than half a lap before your engine overheats, I end up with around 5 laps of fuel left at the end of a 100% race. You can no longer fully customize your strategy before the race, you can only choose between preselected strategies given to you by your teams strategist and with 100% races, generally speaking you're given 2 options but if you qualify within the top 10 it's normally 1. My final complaint with Championship season mode is the inability to customize the weekend length. There are 3 choices and cant be tweaked. Short weekend- 15 mins practice, one-shot qualifying, 25% race. Normal weekend- 30 mins practice, one qualifying round, 50% race. Long weekend- 1 hour practice, full 3 rounds of qualifying, 100% race.Quick race works as it should with you being able to actually tweak it to your liking and there's not much else to say. Time Trial has been improved upon now as at most circuits/corners the game is strict with you leaving track limits, but my new favourite feature is you can copy setups from people at the top of the leaderboards. I highly recommend doing this unless you want to be left alone and know what you're doing. My only problem with Time Trial is that at some corners you can still exceed track limits and not have your lap invalidated. Is it really that hard code""masters"" to just invalidate laptimes if you exceed track limits with all 4 wheels regardless of time lost/gained?I feel the need to mention at this point that the F1 2014 season is also included in this game as I'm rather neutral to its integration. Albeit a nice bonus, I bought this game for the 2015 season and would rather have had them focus more time on the current season than the previous one.The problem with Pro season mode mentioned in my first review is still there and upon further review  I think there was no real need for Codemasters to even add this mode as you can change your HUD, assist and camera angle in Championship season mode to the exact same settings.Now the real big-hitter that is Multiplayer. Blandly put, the multiplayer is a mess, there's no two ways about it. From unpredictable ghosting, to desynchonised lobbies, to driving through pit crews, to just straight up random teleporting, multiplayer is completely and utterly broken. With a supposed brand-new netcode, which showcases Codemasters ""master"" coding, multiplayer has been crippled before even mentioning there new matchmaking system known as ""hoppers"". The main problem with the new system is the player base gets spread out so much between the different game types that it takes so much longer to find the game even in the first week since release.After having played the game for a longer time period now, I would only recommend this game to people if you are only/mainly interested in the singleplayer experience. If Multiplayer was the main attraction stay clear as if it was a sprintmode lap 1 trainwreck of a pileup.Further updates pending upon release of further patches or DLC. 14/07/15"
76561198191748128,Not Recommended,286570,16972787,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MorningKiller,"Dear Codemasters,What the hell? I have been a loyal fan of your racing games since 2007, but what is it with the F1 series? All the opporunity and all the promise and in every release problem after problem after problem. The most stable of the series was probably 2012 (though no FP1 and FP2 and the wet-to-dry transition problems still hurt). F1 2015 - released 2 months earlier than has been typical, and it's not ready for distribution. Let's make a simple and, I think, fair comparison:- DiRT Rally - came with some bugs, but that was the point right? I mean, it was touted as an Early Release title for which the community feedback has been integral to QAing the game as such that you have been able to appropriately focus your development efforts, and it's worked - immaculately. And... For those of us who got in early, we paid what, 60% of the cost of a full release?- F1 2015 - where to begin. Evidently from a development perspective, QA cycles have been all but completely omitted it seems. Some of the graphical elements are certainly more polished, and the handling model is refined, but otherwise, this bad-boy is completely smattered with issues. I am running an i7 5820 w/ 64 GB DDR4 and 2 GTX 970s in SLI and I am getting significant amounts of ""blur"" at assorted points throughout gameplay - not only while driving - it really doesn't look great. I tried ""Reset To Track"" and my car jumped around in reverse, smoked a wall and came to rest backwards on the track - that was an effect I was able to reproduce. The AI continuously drive up from behind me and smoke me like I'm not even there, sending me off track, damaging my car, and even penalising me. In just two hours of gameplay I had a crash when running benchmark mode, a random crash in the middle of a lap, 2 instances where when I started the game it was unresponsive to keyboard inputs for minutes, timing screens which flicker, setup screens which overlay one another making it virtually impossible to read the two conflicting layers of text, and a desaturated (almost to the point of being entirely greyscale) camera view once I used a flashback. All the points about ""I can't make my own character"", I personally couldn't care (well, aside from missing the helmet which I have used since F1 2010!), but the base playability MUST be there for full release, and in this case it isn't. Oh, and what's up with giving us PC'ers the option to try to use the voice commands if the functionality was never intended for the platform - it almost seems ""mean"" - queue up that fat Nelson kid from The Simpsons.It's unfortunate that ""the pinacle of motorsport"" is not represented appropriately, but I guess with the ""state of F1"" being what it is, what else can be expected?DiRT, DiRT 2, DiRT Rally, GRID - all amazing unforgettable titles, but F1 - the series has not been executed to the extent it should have been once yet. That's $360 I have been stupid enough to spend on not a single product which actually worked through and through. At this point I am officially turned off as I expect 50% - 60% of the community is, or will be over the coming days, based on the forums so far.It's a sad day...**UPDATED**More issues:Multiplayer- constant screen flickering - not changes to the settings from when I play in Championship or Pro Season modes.Engineer- I cannot hear a word my engineer says even with the car and environment turned down to 50 and the Speech to 100.Quit Game- Every time I go to quit game, Steam looks as though it's DLing a patch or something, prior to me getting an Error 41.Multiplayer- obviously not a glitch / bug, but Codies, did you really make the decision to include a Custom Multiplayer season where AI racers were not included? Like, I want to do the full season (co-op or adversarial) with a friend, but I can only race him... Yeah, there's no AI - how fun is that? And otherwise I have to find another 18 people to fill the grid and be online for Practice, Qually, and Race distances..."
76561198024562824,Not Recommended,286570,16969916,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,aaronpooh,"In 4hrs of play time so far, this game has crash more often that my 8hrs in Batman AK. Needs to patch the several issues raised in the forums. Fundamentally the racing is fun, AI on legend will test your abilities (and frustration since they love to hit you in the back), but several issues make this a love, hate thing at the moment. I would suggest buying if you're in desperate need of an F1 game, if not hold off your purchase till it's fixed (if ever) and/or a price drop.Pros:=AI much more competitive that previous game, sometimes overly so.=Graphically looks good and runs at a stable and good fps (Avg ~110 for me) on 1440p, 980Ti.Cons:=Damage model severly underwhelming (Go full speed into a wall and you will be shocked at what happen, in a bad way)=Stuck at 2nd gear after exiting the pits, unable to up or downshift until the end of the white line at the side=No race weekend weather info in championship mode (Spent practise optimising dry setup only to be greeted with a wet qualy. Game crashed during qualy, load back and it suddenly became a dry qualy)=No career mode and safety car=AI loves to crash into you from the back.=Can't find any online lobbies to play*Updated on 11 Jul to include more cons."
76561198047567092,Not Recommended,286570,17022031,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,WreckkitRalphhh,"Crashes more than Pastor Maldonado, would not reccomend."
76561197996843044,Not Recommended,286570,16987621,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PetrolHead209,"EDIT 12/07/2015:So today I was excited to begin a full championship season with Williams.I selected the Championship mode, selected Legend difficulty.Like every other F1 game, I wanted to do a 25% race, with full qualifying.Well in F1 2015 you can't. If you want full qualifying, you have to do a 100% race.WHY? Why can I choose my qualy length in a single race, but not in a championship mode?Eventually I concede to doing one-shot qualy, not the end of the world.I land in the pits in Australia - the frame rate has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I exited the pit lane to a 10FPS mess.I ran a race around Silverstone on high settings at excellent frame rates yesterday, what is going on?I turned the graphics settings to low and restarted, frame rate was back to 60 FPS, but it looked horrid. Increased to medium settings - back to 10 FPS.I am done.I am requesting my refund. As you can see from my initial review below, I was willing to give the game a chance.This is unacceptable, I will not be buying a Codemasters game again.I will be playing the F1 mod on Assetto Corsa if anyone needs me.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After the disapointment of F1 2014, I expected much better this time around. CM had a lot of extra time to get this right, given how little focus was given to F1 2014I am running the game on an i5 4690k, R9 280x and from and SDD, haven't had any performance issues or crashes yet.The FFB on my G27 is average, not much feeling in low speed corners, but after 20 laps of Silverstone I am OK with it. Physics are what I expected from a CM F1 game more or less.The graphics are very disappointing, PC looks worse than the gameplay videos on youtube for PS4 and XB1. There is a weird blur on everything, nothing looks sharp.Sound is poor, isnt well mixed.I am going to keep the game, there is a solid base to be built on, hopefully CM patch it quick.This seems to be a rushed PC port. I am giving thumbs down until these issues have been resolved.Can't say I would recommend the game, but my experience is definitely not as bad as others."
,Not Recommended,286570,16979935,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Keyboard Disconnected,"The quit button works fine!The uninstall button works fine!The refund button works fine!UPDATE 10/23/15:I played this for another hour, they got their♥♥♥♥♥♥togehter but still upset that we can't play a championship co-op like the ones before. And I had to buy a new controller because mine was ""compatible"".I will give this another few months and get back to this."
,Not Recommended,286570,17017496,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ReDeYe,"Having purchased F1 games from the year dot and played all of them from Geoff Crammonds Revs right up to the recent Codemasters run (2010 to 2014) I was thrilled to see the new one come out much earlier and with a brand new engine.How disappointed I was when I finally got to play it. Where to start with the issues...Handling: It's impossible. Even for an experienced racer like me, it's utterly impossible. The car randomly vears off the track at sudden intervals that make little to no sense (on power, not on power, sometimes mid corner, sometimes late corner, sometimes on entry) its impossible to predict or correct in many instances without adding more grass to the tyres. I get it, you want it to be realistic, but lets face it, unless you are Pastor Maldonado, this is far from realistic.Forget setting up controls either, it seems Codemasters decided we didnt need those options... And my wheel just simply refuses to be detected other than as a gamepad (!!!).The menus are ridiculous too, its really really hard to navigate. It makes little to no sense and doesnt even match the previous versions of the game, so its like trying to learn something new all over again, it just adds to the sense of frustration while playing it. If that wasn't bad enough, when you start a game, the usual ESC button used in every other menu, doesnt do anything (!!!) instead I had to smash many keys until a menu came up (its P by the way).The graphics aren't even very good either, despite running a very high end PC with 16gb of ram and 970 graphics card. It looked worse than last year...Then there is the season part. Taken away completely and replaced by a single season system where you drive as one of the current drivers. Why can't I use my own damn name and race across many seasons like in previous years games?It feels like they've taken away all the flexibility of the old games, replaced the engine with something worse and made the menu system infuriating.I haven't even mentioned constant frame dips and stuttering during actually trying to stay on the track.This should be renamed ""ice truck simulator 2015"" but then perhaps that title would actually be fun instead of feeling like I've had my testicles squashed in a vice while having vinegar poured in my face (something I'd rather have than play this game in its current state)."
,Not Recommended,286570,17024005,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,esu,"Codemasters! We make one step forward and dozens backwards at the same time!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------They make me feel bad and ashamed about working in the same industry!QUOTE ""Skidmeister"":F1 Race Stars is a better Formula 1 game than this......I have been a fan of Codmasters F1 and Dirt series games since the first release. I preordered this game with the information that I read over the internet from reviewers and from the Codies website. I also used my previous experience with Codmasters F1 games as a basis on what type of quality to expect from a game like this one. I have previously purchased Dirt, Dirt 2, Dirt 3, F1 2010 thru 2014 from Steam and for the most part was happy with my purchase. I am also a fan of other racing titles that are more sim than game such as IRacing, Project cars. I have enjoyed playing Race 07, Asetto Corsa except the game server on Asetto Coursa is a joke. I spent many hours in Papyrus titles like GPL and their Nascar series , and also on Geoff Crammonds World Circuit thru his GP4. I have seen both the good and bad of all these titles at their best and worst. I did not set my expectations for F1 2015 any higher than what I had seen them previously release.Common sense would dictate that a company that has been making F1 games for the PC since their September release in 2010 would have a good handle on what it takes to get a game ready to market. Common sense need not apply here. It seems with the release of F1 2015 Codmasters has indeed returned to it's roots......console gaming. This title was written with that customer in mind. The control menus are a joke with no punchline. I was never able to get both my CSW V2 wheel and Richmotech real race gear pedals to work at the same time. It is a game that really does not have a target audience and does not know where to fit in. With a shameful lack of content considering what was in previous releases, there is no safety car, interviews, career mode, co-op mode, or classic F1 cars. The sheer scarcity of options and modes means this is yet another year where the ""Official F1 tie-in"" never even gets to the starting grid. The amount of modes left out of this title is borderline criminal and scandalous. It feels like less than half a game was released at a premium price no less. They ""throw in"" the 2014 season as a bonus, because it's obvious they intend to BONE US with this title and the absense of so much of what should be seen as standard for F1. This publisher is so hell bent on hitting it's yearly release schedule that it pulled this one out of the oven half baked.I run a high end system and love to see titles push that hardware for what its worth. My current rig features a core !7-5960, 64 gb ddr4, (2) Titan X video cards in SLI, 2 ASUS G-sync 27"" monitors at a res of 5890 x 1080 bezel corrected @144 hz. Aparently I would have had better results on a console system with this title. It crashed the first few times I ran a benchmark test so bad I needed to reload my video drivers and recalibrate the monitors as this game had them stuck in limbo after multiple crashes. This game crashes more than Maldonado and Grosjean combined. The graphics looked bad even when I got them to display, but they were constantly blinking and flashing, seemingly fishing for a proper state of display this catastrophy of a game could not deliver. It looked like it was snowing in Singapore and it nearly caused me to have suffer a seizure from the constant screen blinking. Because I never was ablle to get my wheel and pedals working at the same time, even though they worked fine in all their previous titles, I can not comment on the physics. The track textures have a filtery feeling that left me nausiated as well. This game is so awkwardly stylized it's more like a bad cartoon Anime, than a racing title.I would have to say that afer a few hours of utter frustration spent trying to fix all the problems that run rampant with simple setup of this game, that the quit menu works great and that's about all. Also thats what I suggest, quit buying these half baked mess and let Codemasters know it no excuses as it is not their first rodeo, but could be their last. The best thing to do with this game is delete it permantly from your drive. There are plenty of good titles that offer proper racing that works to deal with this junk. Return it and get a refund while you can.In a side note to STEAM, shame on you too. I have been a customer for over 8 years and have never even tried to return a title. I tried multiple times to get a refund on this as I was never able to complete even one lap, but was told that beacause I had more than 2 hours of trying to fix this worthless piece of junk, that they would not refund my money. Instead opting to join their co-conspirator Codmasters in ripping of a loyal customer for short term profit. Shame on you STEAM and Codmasters, I have purchased many of your products and recommended them to my friends, alas my policy is changed on that too. I will NEVER pre purchase a title again with this return policy. I had always believed that STEAM treated their customers fairly and with respect, but I see this was yet another lesson learned from this terible gaming experience.Your money would be much better spent on the 2012 or 2013 Codemasters F1 games than this abortion of a game. I would recommend Project Cars or IRacing to anyone looking for a Racing Sim.Had either of those titles offered all the cars or tracks from the current F1 season I would have never bothered with this lackluster castrophy in the first place. Save your money and buy something else."
,Not Recommended,286570,17011812,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SeanF1,"I expected so much more.When Codemasters said: ""We took Mercedes' stance with regard to taking a gap year like they did in 2013 to make 2014 amazing, we did the same in 2014 to make 2015 out of this world"". But they haven't. They've taken a step back.There are constant crashes. There's still no parade lap. There's no more safety cars. Worse yet - there's no career mode for drivers who wish to live the F1 dream.They've recommended a GTX 970 as a GPU - which I have, yet the game looks smudgy at best. Sure it runs fluidly in 60 FPS, but cut scenes and replays are at 30 FPS.The bugs like missing championship points in the full season after the game crashes is pathetic. I had a 40 point lead in the championship after the game crashes, and started Round 10 with all the drivers on 0 points.But the MOST irritating thing - you can't do 25% races with full practice sessions or full qualifying. I have 300+ games to play on Steam, I don't have time to do a full race. Let me race at 25% and enjoy your game, and let me do 3 quali runs like I used to do. Is that too much to ask? You're losing my faith, Codies. I bought this game in the same hour it went on pre-order on Steam, even before you announced that it was for sale on Facebook.They've really let us down."
76561198022340247,Not Recommended,286570,16988293,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,andyc6362,I have never felt the need to provide a game review before but this game is special. Crashes constantly. Button assignments change randomly. Stuck in menus endlessly. This is the worst case of a completely non-functional release I have ever seen. Throttle revs but the car won't move. Did somebody leave the parking brake on?Completely unpayable!
,Not Recommended,286570,16970814,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Marcel101,"No Career Mode, No Split Screen, No Online Co-oP Career, the list goes on of features present in the last games that didn't make it to 2015. Game runs fine, looks good but doesn't offer the gameplay modes that we have come to expect from this franchise. A step backwards."
,Not Recommended,286570,17056832,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Cubejam,"A game filled with promises from the developers, only to turn out to be the same old song and dance for the sixth time in a row.Somehow codemasters manage to improve one aspect of their game every year, and that's it. They find new ways to remove immersion, reduce feeling & distance you away from a solid experience.I've heavily defended this series and the developers every year since the inception of the F1 series at Codies. But this is embarrassing.The Pros:The cars are much more controllable and the handling feels much better than the last iteration.The UI is a big improvement.The Cons:The AI is awful,The Force Feedback is numb,The game is filled with graphics bugs and frame drops (frame drops unacceptable in a racing game),The anti aliasing turns on some kind of weird hazey glow around everything,The tyres don't feel like they're in contact with the road, they float about,Menus are still navigated with arrow keys, a clear sign of a direct port from console to PC,Removal of safety car,Removal of career mode,Terrible animations and awful character models.There are many more cons to pros in the game. Overall if you've played any of the other F1 games, you've played this game. Hundreds of hours into the series & nothing improves."
,Not Recommended,286570,16973225,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Fulysic,"Every year I go through this with Codemaster I buy the game and its not what i wanted or expected and not in a good way, the way they advertise this game makes it look better than it actually is.Again it feels like a poor console port over which sucks I was hoping for a more stable release I knew there would be some issue's it Codemaster so its to be expected but this is really bad.This game really needed another couple of month's of work before they released it.Pros:New engine has improved itThe graphics and optimisation are great I have a GTX 760 OC. I'm getting 60+ FPS with the settings on ultra.Bit easier to navigate around menusSounds are goodCons:Barely hear crew chief talking with it set to maxNo FOV changerNo safety car - Get with times codemaster stop been lazy add saftey carlot's of small random bugs like vanishing wheelsCrazy Ai like a bunch of ramming kids but you get the penaltyG27 still hard to setup but better than 2014Feels unfinishedIm very close to refunding this game but I will wait for a few patch's and update this in the future.Rating out of 10: 4/10Review date: 10/07/15Updated: 12/07/2015"
,Not Recommended,286570,16971925,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,punkstjimmy,"As a big fan of F1 I am very disappointed with this effort.Wheel supportFirstly, my G27 had no FFB out of the box. I was able to get some FFB by turning it up in the profiler but it feels completely wrong. It's more like a dull resistance than feedback. Secondly unlike every other racing game this game does not automatically set the correct turning angle which means a lot of messing about in the profiler again to get the in game wheel to match up with my real wheel.GraphicsFor a game with such high recommended specs (which my PC meets) the graphics are poor. Nowhere near the level of Project Cars or Assetto Corsa. If a game is recommending a GTX970 it better look amazing. What are they doing with all that processing power? The only conclusion is that this game is very badly optimised. As many people have noted there is a strange blurred look to the graphics too.SummaryLooks like another cash-grab from CM. They have a track record of releasing broken games but I really thought the step into next gen (not that I would call this game next gen) would be different. I have requested a refund for the first time ever on Steam. Usually, I would hold out for a patch but again CM have a track record of never really fixing anything in their patches so I don't anticipate that these issues will be solved. Prove me wrong CM and i'll re-buy the game, I really want to be proved wrong."
76561198017007979,Not Recommended,286570,17135676,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,cigarillored,"It's bugged, it lacks depth, and it's no improvement over its predecessors. In fact, without a career mode, you could argue it's a step back. How can DIRT be so good, even in early access, and yet F1 2015 be so bad in its supposedly 'finished' state? Just a terribly lacklustre effort. Does anyone on the Codemasters team have even the slightest interest in F1? Does Codemasters actually want to make a good F1 game, or are they happy churning out the same steaming pile every year? There are some really good sims out there on the market that thoroughly put this game to shame."
76561197972717606,Not Recommended,286570,17020214,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Teddy Duchamp,"Game is straight broken. I remember when codemasters used to release a game, and I got excited. Well it seems like those days are long gone. Game is buggy, crashes, multiplayer is broken, and honestly does not look ""next gen"" as they keep saying. Multiplayer goes something like this. 1. attempt to connect to friend. Get disconnected 2. try again. get disconnected. 3. Try 4 more times. 4. get into game, and start qualifying. 5. watch the ai take control through the pits, and  bomb you into the wall in turn one. 5. drive around until you can pit. 6. pit, and start to race. 7. finish the race in first on your screen, but end up in 3rd on the podium because the game does not sync correctly in multiplayer. 8. Go to steam and request a refund. 9. write a review, and hope that this game gets removed from steam. Honestly the game is not even ready for early access. codemasters should be ashamed of themselves."
,Not Recommended,286570,17006138,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Andy Robbo,Codemasters time to stop trying to make F1 games because you obviously are not capable after this crap console port for the PC
76561198104130439,Not Recommended,286570,16972489,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,GReddy86,"I've been driving with a Thrustmaster T300RS to test this game and here are my experiences so far:- Graphics:Graphics are just an update. Nothing to great to mention IMHO. It's still way off other titles regarding racing simulations.- Gameplay:No coop, no career. Menu got better.- Sound:Nothing worth mentioning either. Cars sound okay, good thing is that you can hear tyre squeal.- PhysicsThe car behaves good in general. Reactions are fast and accurate, BUT why, Codemasters, can't you ever manage a decent Force Feedback?! I mean seriously, they've been working on F1 titles for the last 6 years and I have never been pleased with the FFB (only skipped F1 2014 so far)! It's weak and simply not accurate at all. Take racing simulations from other devs as an example and start getting to work, it's simply embarrassing!Wheelspin is pretty aggressive, which is good, but I can't really control it, which is caused by my bad pedals, too, I'm afraid. But you can compromise a little with setup and wheel settings.- Setup:I could never trust Codemasters' setups in F1 titles and the same goers for F1 2015. The settings just don't influence the handling in the way they should. You simply can't create an individual setup for your personal driving style, which has been a problem since the series started in 2010.In addition to that, you can't change the braking balance in the setup and the description of weigth distribution says, that if you change it to the front you assist understeer. Codemasters, that is simply NOT TRUE, since it supports OVERSTEER if there is less weigth on the rear! This is almost as ludicrous as the settings for rear anti-roll bars in your past titles, where stiffening them caused better traction!- AI:AI got pretty aggressive, which is good. But the bad thing is that it got pretty ""derby"". It's alright if AI drivers do mistakes, but I won't accept an AI which spins me off track while driving straight, especially if I voluntarily let the drivers past.- Car damage:Touching the wall ""not-so-gently"" while driving straight with 250+ km/h and having neither front wing damage nor suspension damage...Need I say more? Here you go: Touching the rear of an AI-Car while breaking, no damage to my car. Ridiculous.- Bugs:Breaks are broken, according to status screen, as soon as I exit the pits.Tyres get cold immediately after releasing the throttle. That's way too fast!Again just ONE training session. But, according to rumours, BEFORE the day one patch there have been three...Seems that codemasters cancelled them afterwards.Crashes when performing an ingame Benchmark-test and when exiting the game.Sorry, Codies, but you won't get any more money from me. I have better things to spend that 50 bucks on, seriously...."
,Recommended,286570,17184017,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,lolschrauber,"Note:This review is based on playing with a Ferrari F1 Wheel Integral T500Controls with a controller are pretty mediocre, so if that's your thing, I recommend 2013.Pros:Greatly improved handling- it just feels a lot more fluent and fun to driveImproved FFB- rain races are a lot better now compared to 2014AMAZING tire model- Tire management really is a thing now, you'll get rewarded for looking after your tires (harder for controller users, benefiting wheel users)Improved time trial- Leaderboads now offer you to copy someones setup, so you can really see who's betterContent- Might not seem like a big deal, but you got 2015 and 2014 seasons availableImproved AI behaviour- AI is more aggressive, they don't back out like in the old games and can actually overtake you nowCons:No career mode- No big deal for me, but a huge letdown for some peopleNo Safety Car- Kinda sucks, but better for multiplayer actually, since people liked to abuse itMultiplayer- Public lobbies with lots of issues, private lobbies via invites mostly working fineWeather forecast- No forecast for the whole weekend, only the present dayDamage model- Though the engine was improved, the damage model is more or less the same as before, which is disappointingAI difficulty- A bit too low for me, balance between cars isn't good (Mercedes AI extremely overpowered, rest is really slow)Conclusion:The game surely isn't perfect and needs quite some work, but aside from the bugs, which can be really annoying sometimes, this is definitely the best codemasters game yet. Make sure to pick it up on a sale though.Overall, I've had more fun than frustration playing this game so far, so I'm gonna recommend it!If you aren't sure, I suggest waiting some more time before buying it."
76561197968144345,Not Recommended,286570,16975063,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,aff,Thanks to Steam for REFUND option!
,Recommended,286570,31925541,Posted: 23 May,all,Freerider-Dave,"F1 2015The misunderstood entry to the seriesGranted when this was first released it had lots of issues like crashing and general bugs ruining everything. That was fixed in their patches. Luckily for me I didnt have the game at that time.I love Codemasters F1 series. Prior to owning F1 2015 I have played approx 410 hours across this series.F1 2015 is the first ""next gen"" title in the series and while Codemasters made some crazy decisions to remove Career and the safety car, this game is still superb.The handling physics on this game are incredible compared to 2013 and 2014 which before 2016 came out where considered the benchmark. The cars handle in such a realistic way and can be very unforgiving with the turbo kicking out massive torque on corner exits. The game has made me a better racer and enhanced my smoothness and consistency due to its fantastic handling physics. I am even seeing this pay off in other games like Asseto Corsa and Project Cars.Setting up my G920 for F1 2015 was easier than the last titles and once dialled in felt really really good.The AI really fight in this installment, sometimes they can be borderline aggressive but it makes for some fantastic racing.Pro Season mode is a great challenge.In summary if you love codemasters F1 games and can live without the fact this has no career or safety car you will love this game. I cant wait to start playing F1 2016 now, these physics with a proper career? Yes Please!Pro'sFantastic handling physics the best one of the entire series up to 2015. (havent played 2016 yet)Great looking graphicsAwesome particle effectsSound is on pointTaking care of your tyres and engine heat affects you more which is goodStable Online Play if you can find anyoneFantastic FFB and wheel use for my G920Con'sNo career mode (why they took this out is crazy)No safety car (why they took this out is crazy)Dead MultiplayerCan sometimes glitch out (rare but annoying)Freerider-Dave"
76561198111968299,Not Recommended,286570,16973151,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hammerark,"So far so crap.Within the time constraints of Steams refund system I had to try to get this game working well and within 50 minutes I gave up, and here's why.It ran at the v sync level of 60 fps with frame rate drops that made it not fun to play. Even a few fps is enough to ruin the experience. Turn the settings down I hear you say. The problem is the frame rate drops occurred whether I was running in 3440 x 1440 Ultrawide or 1080p. Exactly the same drops at the same points of the track and even when I set everything to low. It does not hold a steady 60fps in the game. The benchmark works fine, it's even the same track. I get average 88fps on the ultrawide format with everything maxed, but not in game.My sytem specs ATM are as follows :- 2 x GeForce GTX Titan X 12GB cards- CPU: Intel Core i7 4790K Overclocked to 4.8GHz- Motherboard: Asus Maximus VII Formula Z97X- RAM: Avexis Blitz 16GB 2400MHz C10- Samsung 840 Evo 1TB SSD- Seagate Barracuda 2TB SATA-III Hard Drive- LG 16x Blu Ray writer- OS: Microsoft Windows 8.1 64-Bit- Super Flower Leadex Platinum 1200W Power Supply- Dell Ultrasharp 21:9 Curved monitor- Fully water cooled inside and out :-)I've ran the game with and without SLi on and I get the exact same fps and with the drops too. It's clearly not right.Track-IR does not work which would be something sorely missed after enjoying that in previous F1 titles.Backgrounds pass by like they are being shown on a flip book, there's a certain amount of stutter, flashing that's hard to describe, it's more of a feeling than something you can see if you get my drift. It just doesn't feel smooth even when it is running at 60fps, again that's with and without SLi on.EDIT : Well the FPS drops have gone now, for some odd reason the game has started to run smoothly in that sense. But the backgrounds still pass by like they are on a flick book, especially Albert Park. It's the trees that seem to have a weird shadow issue that makes the game look jerky. I decided to keep the game and hope that things get sorted out because the basics are there to suggest a good game will be possible eventually."
76561198014705843,Not Recommended,286570,17058905,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Intercept,First game I have ever asked for a refund. Shame on CM.
,Not Recommended,286570,16976045,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Blue Inquisitor,"Having purchased all the previous Codemasters F1 games and played them competively in online leagues, I actually approached this one with some quiet optimism for once, naively thinking that CM would pull out all the stops for this ""next gen"" title. Unfortunately, my hopes have been dashed for the 2nd year in a row. F1 2014 was a complete disaster and now F1 2015 ranks up there amongst the worst. (Not that F1 2010/11/12/13 were without glitches)Firstly, thepositives:2014 season is included. This is good, CM have included the full '14 season with all the teams and tracks. It's a nice addition that does add some depth to the game.The new handling model is less forgiving than F1 2014 and certainly better than F1 2013. (Using a wheel at least) I can't speak about the FFB because my wheel doesn't have any, but the handling is exciting, the car slides out from under you under braking and it is difficult to accelerate out of low speed corners. On the other hand, there is a real sense of grip at high speed corners.The car models themselves look very good, with all the steering wheels this time round.Although I haven't tested it fully, the AI seems to be quicker and more aggressive offline.Unfortunately, these improvements are offset by a myriad of problems. Here are thenegatives:Graphics are overall quite poor, aside from the cars, everything is permeated by a strange blur. CM's awful filter returnsWheel support is poor. I have had a lot of problems with keys randomly rebinding - to such an extent that I have to use my keyboard to navigate the menusVoice command support is confusing - I'm still not sure if I am able to use it.Online is broken. Ghost cars are back - proper, competitive online racing is impossible at the moment because people's cars do not synchronise properly. I might be racing through Becketts, but on someone elses screen I'll be 20 seconds further back.AI is slower online it seems.Glitches when exiting the pits, the car will randomly shift into 2nd gear even with pit assist off.Corner cutting is AGAIN an issue. It's so lenient that anyone could shave seconds off their lap times by cutting corners without gettting penalised. This really is disgraceful considering it is CM's 6th attempt at an F1 game.No co-op or career mode. Also no custom helmets online. Audio is boring and flat too.There's other glitches too, but there are too many for me to remember off the top of my head.Overall, this is a truly dismal effort by CM. After so many years Codemasters are still failing at the basics which is truly awful for a company that has spent years churning out F1 games. Something must be fundamentally wrong in the development process for this game to have got cleared through quality control. A very basic testing of online functionality would have revealed that this game was not fit for release.If you just want a very casual playthrough with the latest cars and circuits then this is the game for you. If you want a more in depth experience then steer clear of this wreckage.If this CM was an F1 driver it would be Pastor Maldonado: Somehow still involved with the sport despite constantly disappointing us all time and time again."
,Not Recommended,286570,21309023,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[RRL] pussy_slayer365,"For ♥♥♥♥'s sake Codemasters I knew there was a high posibility of not delivering much inovation to the series, but you seriously gave the gamers a ♥♥♥♥ing downgraded game! I mean how more could you ♥♥♥♥ this up? I think I can't be more dissapointed since my expectations are so low. How on earth can you give your customers a product such as F1 2015? And I am not even mentioning the bugs that come with the game (which luckily did not occure in my game)!Since I started with a negatively very bad introduction I'll try to talk about the pros. First of all the number one thing I was desprately waiting for was the inprovment of the AI cars. This year i could finally say the AI cars are a challenge and gives the game a tromendous amount of depth which makes the races attractive in so many levels compared to the previous F1 games from Codies, but it took them 5 years to improve such a basic gameplay tool that should be a priority in every racing game! And ladies and gentlemen that's about it when it comes to gameplay improvment.There is also an improvment in the graphics and it's nice to see a visual difference between F1 2015 and previous F1 games. I could insist it looks next gen, but it isn't mind blowing.Now the cons: It seemed to me that the developers were mostly interested in the graphic upgrade such as better looking environments, drivers faces and the engineers ,which is completely pointless since all of the character models are acting the same just like in other pre-race start. It definitely does not make my Formula 1 experience more authentic regardlessly on how much the graphics are in depth of detail. If I get to see the same ♥♥♥♥ over and over again it just gets annoying (same thing about the Crofty's commentary). I'd rather just have a simple menu were I could use my imagination instead of forcing my self to enjoy something I'm used to see a lot of amount of times. Some drivers do look pretty neat and some do look literally disgusting like for example Maldonado's face is so ugly that I feel sorry for the driver.The worst thing about this game is the missing content. At first I was amazed by racing for the first couple of laps, but after trying to play a different single player mode instead of just playing quick race, champions mode or time trail I started to realize there is nothing really else to do in this game, but wait you say there is multiplayer? Well i say multiplayer is pure ♥♥♥♥. I spent a week playing this game and I could not even once find a multiplayer session. Codemasters won't let you even create an open lobby session, You can only play with your freinds, but if you wanna race with the rest of the world you can use their ""innovative"" multiplayer modes which don't have a single player in it!And the last thing I would like to mention is one of the important aspect of the game that has a big part on how the game runs is the LACK OF SAFETY CAR. I have simply no words for not including such an important game feature that was in the previous games. You say it will be patched sooner or later? That makes it look like that the game is still in early access alpha god damn it!When it comes to gameplay features this game is definetly fun, but this innovative feature of the game cannot save it from the overall lack of content. In the end this is just an average game and there is nothing really special about it. I'd give this game 3/5  if the multiplayer would work well  and if they wouldn't take out some of the important gameplay features such as a red flag or the safety car.FINAL VERDICT: 2/5Oh and I spent about 50 hours playing this game on my other steam account."
,Not Recommended,286570,17341081,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,NynS,"Pro's:- Graphics; it gets more realistic every year and 2015 is no exception- Stable game - I heard people had problems with error 41's or crashes to desktop: haven't had any.- Realistic driving, pro season got me 4 laps behind - then again I suck without ABS so it should be this way. AI is fun to drive against (although too aggresive at times)Con's:- Bugs. A lot of them. I feel like being a beta tester, but then I'm not paid or am aware of the game being in beta state. Surely every game has its glitches post-release, but there's a difference between nuisances or game breakers. Gamebreakers are being patched alright, but they shouldn't have existed in such amounts. One or two can happen, five is way too much- Online still hasn't been fixed, 3 weeks after release. One should think racing games such as these have a large multiplayer community...Can't find lobbies, especially the hardcore hopper. And whose idea was it to remove the custom lobbies?- Omitting the career and coop mode. Does this have something to do with the ever-present profile corruption bug? Instead of fixing it, removing it?. Coop was a lot of fun, even with total strangers. It's hidden in the online mode (manually lobby with a friend, then pick the races), but the option has gone from the menu.- Did I mention a lot of bugs?F1 2013, my previous, was a lot better than this game; the only positive I can find is that the cars are handling better, Codemasters should make F1 2016 (2017?) a better game, if not I suspect the Codemasters series will lose its fanbase, and rightly so. I hope they'll be like Williams (2013-2014): after a suckass game, make a great one."
,Not Recommended,286570,16979174,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lojen,Basically the game doesn't work with my Driving Force GT. Wheel weight is featherlight and basically unuseable with zero FFB no matter what settings I try. Others also seem to have the same problem though no solution has been found yet. Of course it will likely be for the community to fix this and I have no faith in Codemaster's (what a joke of a copany name) post release support.Currently unplayable (for me) 0/10
76561198034589491,Not Recommended,286570,16971696,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bill Kerman,"Damn I wanted to like this so much. As an avid follower of F1 and a racing game enthusiast, I had some hopes in the new physics and their work in FFB... But it shouldn't be.After playint time trial in a Ferrari F15-T on Silverstone using a Logitech G27, I can say the following:-FFB feels atrocious. No info. No feeling of load on any axle. No feel for grip loss. It vibrates when you are off-track though.-Codemasters seem to have trouble mastering steering wheels. Even selecting the correct preset, the rotation of the ingame-wheel and the real wheel are not locked. You can fix this by limiting the range of your wheel, but it just gives me a bad first impression. Other games do this so much better, for example project CARS or assetto corsa.-The physics are hard to judge with that force feedback. But good luck trying not to lock up when you can't feel a thing. It's a guessing game. The only indicator for lockups is a high-pitched, very loud tyre squeal.+/-The graphics are ok. The screen on the wheel is generic, gives very little info, the textures of the driver gloves are muddy and generally it just doesn't scream ""beautiful"". But the graphics are good enough+The sound of the engine sounds goodAfter only 11 minutes of playing, the game doesn't fascinate me enough to continue playing. I am debating whether to get a refund.I do NOT recommend this game to wheel users at all"
,Not Recommended,286570,16968446,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[DG]Curley900,"I am running the game at Full settings and it looks like theres nothing but blur down the the track the crowd look like a blurry herd, if these are high and ultra high settings then this game would sooner be more fun back on the PS2, codies put so much into saying this would be the best game, but i am sadly disappointed, i have one friend who says the wheel has no forcefeedback when he does he says its really floty in feeling, even trying to brake just does work full lock even when you arent giving it full brakes, Codies have 14 days to fix this other otherwise refund will be requested."
76561197986163250,Not Recommended,286570,17013680,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Skidmeister,"F1 Race Stars is a better Formula 1 game than this......I have been a fan of Codmasters F1 and Dirt series games since the first release. I preordered this game with the information that I read over the internet from reviewers and from the Codies website. I also used my previous experience with Codmasters F1 games as a basis on what type of quality to expect from a game like this one. I have previously purchased Dirt, Dirt 2, Dirt 3, F1 2010 thru 2014 from Steam and for the most part was happy with my purchase. I am also a fan of other racing titles that are more sim than game such as IRacing, Project cars. I have enjoyed playing Race 07, Asetto Corsa except the game server on Asetto Coursa is a joke. I spent many hours in Papyrus titles like GPL and their Nascar series , and also on Geoff Crammonds World Circuit thru his GP4. I have seen both the good and bad of all these titles at their best and worst. I did not set my expectations for F1 2015 any higher than what I had seen them previously release.Common sense would dictate that a company that has been making F1 games for the PC since their September release in 2010 would have a good handle on what it takes to get a game ready to market. Common sense need not apply here. It seems with the release of F1 2015 Codmasters has indeed returned to it's roots......console gaming. This title was written with that customer in mind, once again letting the PC customer know their business was unimportant to Codemasters.The control menus are a bad joke with the PC customer being the punchline. I was never able to get both my CSW V2 wheel and Richmotech real race gear pedals to work at the same time. It is a game that really does not have a target audience and does not know where to fit in. It is neither a Sim for hardcore enthuiasts or an arcade game strictly for fun. It lacks the features needed to entice the player into the simulated world of F1 Racing. This game is like a bad coat of paint aimed squarely at oblivion and doesn't really cover up all the problems underneath. With a shameful lack of content considering what was in previous releases, there is No fuunctional safety car, No  TV interviews, No career mode, No co-op mode, No Classic F1 cars,  No season challenge, No rival system, No champions mode, No SLI support, No split screen, No motorhome. No paddock and No TV interviews. The sheer scarcity of options and modes means this is yet another year where the ""Official F1 tie-in"" never even gets to the starting grid. The amount of modes left out of this title is borderline criminal and scandalous. It feels like less than half a game was released at a premium price no less. This title is far inferior to 2014, which was in turn inferior to the 2013 release. I don't believe most buyers will believe this is a ""less is more"" situation, but rather a trend to charge more and give less. They ""throw in"" the 2014 season as a bonus, because it's obvious they intend to BONE US with this title and the absense of so much of what should be seen as standard for F1. Codemasters really should kiss you before you buy this game, since it seems their intent is to just screw you, perhaps you would feel less used after. This publisher is so hell bent on hitting it's yearly release schedule that it pulled this one out of the oven half baked, and a easy bake oven they got a at a garage sale at that.I run a high end system and love to see titles push that hardware for what its worth. My current rig features  a core !7-5960, 64 gb ddr4, (2) Titan X video cards in SLI, 2 ASUS G-sync 27"" monitors at a res of  5890 x 1080 bezel corrected @144 hz. Aparently I would have had better results on a console system with this title. It crashed the first few times I ran a benchmark test so bad I needed to reload my video drivers and recalibrate the monitors as this game had them stuck in limbo after multiple crashes. This game crashes more than Maldonado and Grosjean combined. The graphics looked bad even when I got them to display, but they were constantly blinking and flashing, seemingly fishing for a proper state of display this catastrophy of a game could not deliver. It looked like it was snowing in Singapore and it nearly caused me to have suffer a seizure from the constant screen blinking. Because I never was ablle to get my wheel and pedals working at the same time, even though they worked fine in all their previous titles, I can not comment on the physics. The track textures have a filtery feeling that left me nausiated as well. This game is so awkwardly stylized it's more like a bad cartoon Anime, than a racing title.I would have to say that after a few hours of utter frustration spent trying to fix all the problems that run rampant with simple setup of this game, that the quit menu works great and that's about all. But even that suffers from problems as Steam then tries desperately to download some sort of non-existent update and finishes on an error 41. I suggest we all quit buying these type of half baked mess and let Codemasters know it no excuses as it is not their first rodeo, but could be their last. The best thing to do with this game is delete it permantly from your drive. There are plenty of good titles that offer proper racing that works to deal with this junk. Return it and get a refund while you can. Don't let them pull the wool over your eyes with idle promises to fix it....baaaahhhh bahhhhh.In a side note to STEAM, shame on you too. I have been a customer for over 8 years and have never even tried to return a title. I tried multiple times to get a refund on this as I was never able to complete even one lap, but was told that beacause I had more than 2 hours of trying to fix this worthless piece of junk, that they would not refund my money. Instead opting to join their co-conspirator Codmasters in ripping of a loyal customer for short term profit. Shame on you STEAM and Codmasters, I have purchased many of your products and recommended them to my friends, alas my policy is changed on that too. I will NEVER pre purchase a title again with this return policy. I had always believed that STEAM treated their customers fairly and with respect, but I see this was yet another lesson learned from this terible gaming experience.Your money would be much better spent on the 2012 or 2013 Codemasters F1 games than this abortion of a game. I would recommend Project Cars or IRacing to anyone looking for a Racing Sim.Had either of those titles offered all the cars or tracks from the current F1 season I would have never bothered with this lackluster castrophy in the first place. Save your money and buy something else."
76561198003232421,Not Recommended,286570,16969168,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DarthMelbius,"I would have loved to score this a 10 as I've been supporting Codemasters series since its first go at F1. But this game does leave me with two main problems. Firstly the use of next gen graphics. Yeah eye candy is the word but at the expense of clarity. This leaves me with so much eye strain because of this constant sense of my eyes being out of focus. I'm left grabbing for a set of glasses I dont have. The use of soft treatment of solid outlines, blurred motion (you cannot turn off) and overall visual sense of lack of visual focus is painful at best. The second issue is that of control. The driving dynamics compared to F1 2014 for me is a step backward. I constantly feel like the car is doing what it pleases in a negative way. You dont get the feeling you are in control most of the time. The lack of setitng deadzones, sensitivity is a loss for me. For now this scores a 5/10."
76561198014056666,Recommended,286570,23648308,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Père Duchesne,"An honest review from a long-time Codies and F1 fan:Let me start by saying I don't play multiplayer often so this review has nothing to do with that section of the game.Having until now held back from purchasing this game due to the lack of career mode and the discussions of game-breaking bugs and crap AI, I can honestly say I was surprised at how not-broken this game really is.- Is it clearly a rushed job in terms of menus and extra content (i.e. challenge modes) from previous titles? Yes.- Is it a shame that there's only a 'championship season' mode rather than career? Yes, hugely!However, this game is NOT broken. Sure, there are some optimisation issues that mean that I can't run it on ultra, whereas my machine specs might otherwise have allowed it. But it looks very pretty on 'high' settings--far better than any F1 game has looked by far. Furthermore, since the modes are kind of bare-bones, the most important aspect of the entire game has to be the car mechanics and the racing. The mechanics themselves, while not perfect, feel really nice. This is NOT an arcade F1 game: with assists off you're fighting your back end out of the corners and trying to manage fuel/tyres in a way never before achieved in an F1 game. There's improvement to be made, but it's heading in a really great direction for F1 2016. For those really into the technical stuff, adjusting brake-bias and other settings are far more important now when it comes to preventing tyre lock-ups that now actually will destroy individual tyres. The AI is pretty dumb at times, admittedly. But it isn't game breaking (perhaps it was fixed over time).But if you're like me and you were an F1 fan itching for F1 2016, hesitating to buy this one or having completely written it off, with the discount it's a really good buy. It is no longer a broken game as many reviews will tell you and it's actually a lot of fun. It's not the F1 2015 we were all hoping for, without career mode. But they focused on the racing, the feel of the cars, and they've done that really well. To tide you over until 2016 is released in August, I would definitely recommend this. More casual racing fans ought to stay away and wait until 2016 which will undoubtedly be better and more polished.Overall: 7/10If it had career mode and some AI fixes it'd easily be a 9. As a result, buy it when on sale."
76561198013967643,Not Recommended,286570,17091775,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Marco FD,"so many bugs so many issueswhere to begin: installing this game on a ssd will make u faster than it does installing it to a normal spinning harddrive satathe cars in TT at least for me drive worse then they do in grand prix mode/season/online allowing me faster drs less laptimes in thsoe modes than possible on TTVsynch on makes you inputs slightly delayed and hence the car undrivableeven on ultra low settings ( gtx 760 oc II , i5 4440 @ 3,3ghz , 8 gig ddr3 corsair vengeance)the game stresses out my gpu completely upto the point where on ultra low i only get 80 fpsi have batman arkham knight running better on my pc than this game, that says a lot...like i used to for assassins creed and now also this game i used to look forward each year to the new itterationlast years game got heavily critized for beeing lazy, at least that one worked thoughthis game, only buy it if u like driving laps alone, cause ai on legend will have such random glitchy behaviour that even serious racing is a risk"
,Not Recommended,286570,16988096,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RabNL,Just don't buy it.It's not 'next' gen.It don't have ffb @ G27.It crashes a lot of times.It's just not worth the money.My advice: don't buy.
76561198034208803,Not Recommended,286570,17348218,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DL++,LOL This game is shocking i am a huge fan of f1 and utterly disapointed at this attempt of a game it should in no way have been released yet.The amount of bug and glitches is unreal not to mension the poor stearing set up with xbox control and the delayed steering lag
,Not Recommended,286570,16994144,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NoTime4name,"Played for 10 minutes. Game crashed 6 times. I thought they would've learned from the joke F1 2014 was, but no.Pros: Steam accepted my refundCons: The entire game is a con"
,Not Recommended,286570,17004993,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,fpot,A giant pile of unplayable cack. Avoid at all costs.
76561198007187460,Not Recommended,286570,16976955,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,emeliooo,Stay away. Steam refund is your friend.
,Not Recommended,286570,16987827,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,den0's autism club #nevergnm,High system requirements needed for a game that graphically doesn't look that impressive and crashes even with top end graphics cards. A poor PC port for a game evidently designed for Console.
76561197994552383,Not Recommended,286570,17004902,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,WARDY66,worst game ever. id like a refund tpurchase a more realistic game that actually works. controls on g25 are♥♥♥♥♥♥ frame rate sucks and doesnt even have a career mode. pit modes auto.(unrealistic). thought it might have some improvements from 2014 but nope. ripped off $60 AUD. very disgusted in codemasters and steam
,Not Recommended,286570,20493691,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,envetel,"Lacklustre even for hardcore Formula 1 fans:1. Lack of many real F1 elements (safety car, vitual safety car, etc);2. Lack of gameplay modes (scenario mode, career mode);3. Bugs and creepy Maldonado-esque AIs;4. 2014 contents feel redundant."
76561198022670634,Not Recommended,286570,17013721,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[34] BRT VeNoM,pile of garbage . looks worse than last years game and i mean alot worse. the blur effect is to just cover up the terrible textures in the game . no coop mode and no safety car is unforgivable. o did i forget to mention no tv commentry in the replays as promised. and my car looks like its on fire in the replays aswell . i still cant belive this game looks worse than last years.
76561198021870071,Not Recommended,286570,17014988,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mrdjwood,Very poor. Graphics glitch and refresh rate goes intermittently poor for no reason; my PC exceeds game requirements. Graphics are generally far from great. Not as good as F12013.
76561197971543348,Not Recommended,286570,19074538,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Exigeous,"After reading all the mostly negative reviews I still decided to give it a try as I wanted to see what the new eye candy would be given I have the Titan Z 12GB card.  Well sure, it's a bit prettier, but only a bit.  Unfortunaetly the good stops there.Fortunately they've fixed the separate USB controller issue so I could use my Thrustmaster TX wheel base and Fanatec Elite pedals.  Setting up the steering feel was nearly impossible.  It's rather difficult in all the Codeworks games but extra bad/hard here.  But the biggest problem by a mile and the reason I requsted a refund is the HORRIBLE sound.  Wow, it's just awful.  You hear nearly no engine and gearbox noise, it's like drivig down the highway where you hear nothing but wind.  I tried the various cameras and some were a touch better than others but only slightly.  I was rather surprised that it wasn't simple setting somwhere but nope, just awful.If you want to drive Formula cars on a PC get with F1 2013 or Project Cars (and run Formula A) stay far away from this mess.  First video game I've returned in my life."
,Not Recommended,286570,16972202,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Egi,"So, I started the game, immediately started the benchmark, was quite happy with the frame rate (got an AMD 5770).. but the game crashes when the car crosses the finish line (same thing happened twice)."
76561198049225894,Not Recommended,286570,16979084,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,=II= Agent 47™ =II=,its has been crashing all day !!! no control !!!! can not simply drive its just messed up !!!! NO WAY !!!!
,Not Recommended,286570,16976723,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,nord501,I just asked for a refund.
76561198048762384,Not Recommended,286570,17007077,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,flipperho,"Most critical issue is a dropping FPS suddenly at nowhere; I thought it was because of AI bunching up but I got FPS drop when I'm cleared 5s ahead and 10s behind at Malaysian GP 100% race, tried lowering gaphic setting but no luck.Input lag from my G27 steering wheel and literally no Force Feedback!Tried 2014 season too, was in P2 -0.3s to Ham, but he pits on lap58/58 and gifted me the win with absolutely no damage to his car, WTH?Ps. driving a Mclaren feels pathetic too"
,Not Recommended,286570,17007621,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Impeccably Epic,"So very disappointing; bug ridden, terrible graphics, released way before ready.  Thanks goodness it's so easy to get  refund through Steam!"
,Recommended,286570,23680378,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,alliennas,"It's not a bad game at all actually. I played all games since F1 2010 to date, so have some experience in ""Codemasters"" thoughts of semi-simulations.What is missing in F1 2015 game is just ""Carrer mode"" and maybe some challenges, as we had in previous releases.I'm not interested in multiplayer, because there's lack of players in racing games anyway, so I don't bother.Since you're in single player mode - you have quite a good challenge from improved AI.PRO Season mode is something that I was unable to compete in, since I have only XBOX controller. PRO Season mode - tough challenge, no aids, legend competition, no visual guides, so you must be prepared for it.Anyway, I'm not an expert in game reviews, but this game is not a bad game, as most of community claims.+ Graphics+ Physics+ Improved AI+ Challenging Steam achivements+ Incl. 2014 season- No Carrer mode- No single player challenges- Lack of players in multiplayer"
76561198014405049,Not Recommended,286570,16985888,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,-=Crazy=- Wembley,"Would not recommend this to any one its a broken mess of a game with more stuff taken out from previous games like career mode, career challenge mode also the proving ground . The 'new' so called pro season is just normal season mode with drivers on the hardest level and the assists taken off thats it. Also on the CM forums they are banning any one who speaks against the game. I really hope the FIA release CM from the licence since they are doing nothing with it."
,Not Recommended,286570,17122904,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mac,"An empty game with far too many glitches and crashes to be remotely playable. Online is broken but the singleplayer experience isn't too bad. The AI are much better and the cars are really fun to drive, with improved handling.4/10"
76561197999710765,Not Recommended,286570,17042671,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ARGS,Multi player is an utter joke. de-syching like a boss. Within the first lap or two you and your friends are literally in difference raced. POOR POOR POOR - how can this even be legal releasing this in this state? It's like releasing a new car for sale only for the buyers to find the windows don't wind down and they forgot to add passenger seats!?CANNOT RECOMMEND until CM fix multiplayer bugs (there are MANY)
,Not Recommended,286570,16967963,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,CondorMan,"Expected More.Audio was poor, and not very immersiveMenu's didn't save settings and setting up buttons was a hassle.Wheel setup was not fun, and never felt great. It couldn't adjust to my wheel being set at 900, I needed to reconfigure it to 270 to get any feel at all. Steering and Throttle had deadzones. Was hard to really get the tire feelingsGraphics weren't all that great either, the road didn't feel like it was living"
,Not Recommended,286570,17004750,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ELGüey♥Mezcal,"I hope Codemaster's will update and patch this with graphics issue.  Been playing F1 2012 & 2013 by far the best F1 I've played. I pre-order F1 2015 because of its new mechanics and game engine. However, when i started playing it all at Ultra High plus SMAA +TAA, 16x. It is a lil bit blurry i had to go to its folders and disable motion blur. Got it on XBOX One and i must say it was better than the Steam Version :("
,Not Recommended,286570,16992478,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Guilherme Piucco,"Does not have career or multiplayer championship... the only modes I was interested in.Handling has improved, though. At half price, I would have kept it. But now I will just watch how it develops and buy at a discount later. Graphics are also very nice.If all you want to do is single race against friends, go for it."
,Not Recommended,286570,16978194,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,IDLoco,"I have an i7 - 5820k 16GB DDR4 and nvidia GTX 960 and the FPS don´t go north of 15 FPS... with everything on Low settings, the game is unplayable..I´m thinking about refunding the game... this should not happen."
76561198065419151,Not Recommended,286570,17023311,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,itye1970,"I have to say I agree with the negative comments here, first time I started the game...it crashed. I tried again after a reboot and it took an age to load (I have an i7 by the way so not a slow machine). Unlike Project cars F1 2015 didn't automatically detect my Logitech G27 wheel , not a big issue but just had to go to settings and select it.The the game starts and man, its blurry! the car feels like its on ice, all over the place, the handling is no where near as good as Project Cars. I'm very disappointed. I'm a big fan of F1 and was looking forward to this, I hope they fix it urgently but the game shouldn't have been released in this state, its not finished by the looks of it!bring back geoff crammond!"
76561198019970090,Not Recommended,286570,17007896,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Netherealmian,"Honestly, the game is a challenge to get used to - I'm not disputing that at all. It's good to have a challenge. However, there are too many other problems with the game that are just too big to ignore. Predominantely:- Graphics: While they are good, Codies have gone from looks over actual gameplay and functionality.- Multiplayer: is absolutely woeful. It's impossible to race against anyone effectively when the game can't keep up with who is where on the track. All of a sudden, you get told you're in first, and before you even cross the line, someone else has crossed it and pops up a fastest lap.- Push to Talk: Why was this stripped out of the game? I don't want to voice everyone in the game if I'm speaking to someone privately in a TS Server.- Glitches: ie: refer my posted screen shot - how the hell can a car drive around on rims!?!?!? This isn't the only one.- Gameplay assists: There's absolutely NO difference between Traction Control being off and on Medium. There was at least some difference on 2014.- Steam Achievements and Trading Cards: Despite doing at least 10 clean laps around Russia in a Marrusia in Time Trial, the game fails to recognise these laps towards the achievement - I don't know why. The game also claims to have Steam Trading cards - I'm yet to see any after nearly 4 hours of play, and a friend has 10 times as many hours (40) and hasn't seen any either. So the Trading Cards are a blatant lie at this stage.Codies - if you bothered to look at the Meta Scores in Steam for your games since 2010, they have been steadilly declining, with 2014 being the worst of the last 5. Your track record suggests that this one will be the worst of the lot. If you can't get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, you don't deserve a renewal to make more of these games from FOM.There's just one question remaining: Did anyone at Codemasters even bother to test this game PROPERLY before it was released?**EDIT: SInce my review, allegedly, trading cards have been released. **"
,Not Recommended,286570,17005606,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ducatijonny,"Bought it way to early, heaps of issues including control issues, couldn't use full brakes on fanatec v2 pedals with tx wheel, framerate issues, missing features,  asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,286570,17006879,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PerpleX,F1 2015 is simply a broken game. Thank god for steam refunds.
76561197988110609,Not Recommended,286570,16986519,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Chosen Undead,"The game is pretty much the ultra and the AI ​​is very aggressive .Other than that Codemasters quite disappointed !Multiplayer horrible, you can not find anyone online and is restricted to choosing rooms that sends the game !If you try to create a room it serves only to play with your friends who have F1 2015 and can not create an open room for all the world to enter.Codemasters really spoiled the F1 this time .Unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,286570,17109934,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Blighty Mug,"I was almost burning my graphic card. It is impossible to play, massively laggy even with the ""ultra low"" settings. If you use nVidia graphic card, you can have the same issue, it has optimisation problems... Thanks to Steam Refund Option."
,Not Recommended,286570,16973209,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tony,"i play this game 30minnte. i don like it. first. the image too blury. I like old game graphic. Second, U need fix CONTROLLER. U need to add DEAD ZONE. U know?! DEAD! ZONE! U dont know me meaning? U add gamepad SENSITIVITY! SENSITIVITYYYYY!overall, i think codemaster bad bad guy. I think, codemaster good guy before. now bad bad guy. They make good rally dirt. They no care f1. i am sad chinese fan..."
,Recommended,286570,28670155,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,nukeblitz,"Runs pretty well on Linux, but do remember that this game is very CPU heavy. I had some messed up CPU settings which totally ruined performance."
76561198137929025,Not Recommended,286570,16996276,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,jpchartrand,"Unless you're a die hard F1 fan, don't buy it yet.  The game looks blurry and is filled with bugs.  It has potential but as of July 11th, it's just not ready.  It's hard to believe that a company that has been making F1 games for a while would forget something like the Safety Car.  Also the damage model is bad. Real bad."
,Not Recommended,286570,17071247,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,whokn3w,First Time I have ever asked for a refund on a game... i'll wait till this is like 99 cents on a bundle..
76561198014310596,Not Recommended,286570,16981587,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,lucs2112,"Do Not Buy This Shamefull Thing They Call ""Game""!Its is Buggy, The graphics are just cosmetic blurish over the same stuff from f1 2010, Even the hand holding the steering wheel clip through the car...There`s no Career, you cannot downshift if the revs are too high... There`s no way to do a full qualifying and less than 100% race. If you want to do a 50% Race you HAVE to do a short qualifying...I can`t even get a refund from this because I spent more than 2h just fiddling in the options trying to get this **** whorking properly.The sad thig is, F1 2010 was a great game (career mode wise). How come after 5 years there is less and less content? And even now you still cannot drive your car in the pit lane.SHAME!"
76561198101097906,Not Recommended,286570,17069698,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jarrad Ghent,"This game is not for PC users. A patch will soon come out though, so we can only wait."
,Not Recommended,286570,16974352,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Labtreeo,IMPORTANT: this comes from someone that plays iracing and assetto corsa and is a hardcore simracer with a wheel and pedalsi dont recommend this is game at all the driving is not how f1 cars should behave project cars has better f1 cars than this and this is a game made for it.all i want to say to is im happy i can ferund it and spend my money on a better game
76561198041814003,Not Recommended,286570,16999443,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,comradeoblivious,"Jumped into the game and started to set up my graphics. Crashed immediately. Good start.Started a season as Max Verstappen, went through practice fine at 60fps smooth as you like.All going well and feeling I had the new physics (which are pretty good) figured out I jumped into quali. 5fps.Quit out of the game and turned all the graphics down to 'very low' preset (previously at a conservative 'medium' setting).Utter rubbish. Do not buy. Go and buy Dirt: Rally instead. It's in early access and is more finished than this turd. Oh, and it's cheaper too."
76561198063938604,Not Recommended,286570,16968394,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,=7Cav=PVT.Stanley.J,Early - May Change.Seems the Controller System is broken..... I have tried 2 controllers and after setting them up and trying to race i cant get passed 1st gear.... Hopeful for a fix soon.
76561198089814108,Not Recommended,286570,16972462,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DB46,"Well is this it? Sorry but so far project cars beats this, the graffics are better in some ways this time round but seem a little blurry , using csr wheel force feedback is poor , the game doesnt really give me any thrill to be driving like a few race sims out there i was really looking forward to this, really feel let down with all the hype. Hope they can fix some of the issues then i will reveiw it again.What needs to be fixed.Graffic issues, damage on cars! , force feedback ,  at the moment 6/10  Ireally would like to recomend this game, but in this state i cant , please codemasters fix the issues."
76561198091939041,Not Recommended,286570,16970585,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,AscendingDrive,"they dont support the Fanatec CSR wheel. Also they dont support Fanatec Clubsport V2 pedals.The game is unplayable. They need a steering wheel profiler like Assetto Corsa and iRacing. Yeah, like all the reputable and popular racing sims.Real shame as I was really looking forward to this title.Before I came to PC I was on console playing on xbox 360, F1 2014. It worked like a dream but PC on the otherhand. . .Iam actually glad this happened yes, $50 down the drain but on the bright-side I wont spend another cent on a codemasters f1 game and back to the F1 mod in Assetto Corsa for me. Way more fun and realistic anyways."
76561198027398029,Not Recommended,286570,16983479,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,rtardasuar,Countless issues. Everything from basic setup to issues with gameplay as well as crashing. Do not buy this game unless you know these issues have been fixed.
76561198062249290,Not Recommended,286570,16983428,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tactical Taters,lol what a joke codies.
76561197989548584,Not Recommended,286570,16981519,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,bell_aircraft01,The game isn't very well optimized for triple screen and SLI GTX 970's.  FOV cannot be changed from whatever it is set at by default.  Still feels like 2014 but maybe slightly better than that FFB wise.  So far no SimVibe profile for the game.
,Not Recommended,286570,16973411,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LieutenantTROLL,Really not sure about thise years addition. Once again i feel that the wheel is awful and traction off corners (espcially slow ones) are near enough impossible. the AI have been improved and graphics and career mode is very good but if you cant have fun driving there is no point.
,Not Recommended,286570,16981076,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lancer Galant,"For starters, my PC is an all-in-one with an Intel i5, 8GB RAM and a GeForce 710a. It can run F1 2014 with the graphics set to at least high, except for AA, which's turned off, and fullscreen. Heck, it can even run GTA V with most of the settings turned to low with barely any issues.F1 2015 isn't optimized for such specs, even with everything turned down to ""ultra-low"". Even with the screen resolution set to around 1280x800, it still suffers."
76561197986345790,Not Recommended,286570,16981195,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jamo,All i can say is WHAT A MESS!!!!!
76561197997314231,Not Recommended,286570,17121149,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,m_stone01,"Poor release code with so many issues, no updates have fixed any of the performance problems most people are having. Lucky to get 5 FPS when loading into the game,. Sometimes runs ok, mostly not though - 2 steps forward 1 step backSave your money from Project cars or any other decent sim,Update = 1/8/15m_stone01 Just nowhopeless game, even after 2 updates and a gew weeks to fix the random FPS issues still have the same problems time after time. Broken game dont buy!"
,Not Recommended,286570,16976518,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Monty,"Absolute Garbage.I have watched and loved f1 since 1994 and played the games since 1995.  F1 97 is still more enjoyable than this effort from these money grabbing goons.  Hang your heads in shame, Codemasters!The PC version should look absolutely stunning now that the consoles versions are ""next gen"" but somehow it looks worse than last year in some areas.The handling is quite nice once you get a feel for it but the braking is very unpredictable and you can't trail brake like you would in PCars/Corsa/Iracing etc.There seems to be a new glitch every 30s.  If you use a flashback from terminal damage the game will continue to run in black and white once you have continued.  You seem to get constantly kicked from online lobbys just as the race is about to begin.  Online there is a gearbox bug that means you are always in the limiter no matter what gear you  use.  As with previous games you need to use vsync for your wheel to work properly.  If you decide to restart a race it will put you in neutral.  To top it all off you will constantly be kicked back to your desktop.Well done."
,Not Recommended,286570,16973769,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Senneca,"this game i hate to say it feels like it is made by EA,rushing a release making a game full of bugs to grab money. also without careermode and decent controller surpport this  game is a waste of money because there is no point racing with a steering wheel with no force feedback. the graphic are not amazing only a slight improvement from other gens. this is why  i am requesting a refund"
,Not Recommended,286570,17070629,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[⇄] Bot Anazy [↯] 📱✔,"For ♥♥♥♥'s sake Codemasters I knew there was a high posibility of not delivering much inovation to the series, but you seriously gave the gamers a ♥♥♥♥ing downgraded game! I mean how more could you ♥♥♥♥ this up? I think you can't be more dissapointed since your expectations are so low. How on earth can you give your customers a product such as F1 2015? And I am not even mentioning the bugs that come with the game (which luckily did not occure to me)!Since I started with a negatively very bad introduction I'll try to talk about the pros. First of all the number one thing I was desprately waiting for was the inprovment of the AI cars. This year i could finally say the AI  cars are a challenge and gives the game a tromendous amount of depth which makes the races attractive in so many levels compared to the previous F1 games from Codies, but it took them 5 years to improve such a basic gameplay tool that should be a priority in every racing game! And ladies and gentlemen that's about it when it comes to gameplay improvment.There is also an improvment in the graphics and it's nice to see a visual difference in F1 2015 and previous F1 games. I could insist it looks next gen, but isn't mind blowing.Now the cons: It seemed to me that the developers were mostly interested in the graphic upgrade like better looking environments, faces and the engineers ,which is completely pointless since all of the character models are acting the same just like in other pre-race start. It definitely does not make my Formula 1 experience more authentic regardlessly on how much the graphics are in depth of detail. If I get to see the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again it just gets annoying (same thing about the comentary). I'd rather just have a simple menu were I could use my imagination instead of forcing my self to enjoy something  I'm used to see a lot of amount of times. Some drivers do look pretty neat and some do look literally disgusting like for example Maldonado.The worst thing about this game is the missing content. At first I was amazed by it, but after trying to play a different single player mode instead of just playing quick race, champions mode or time trail I started to realize there is nothing really else to do in this game, but wait you say there is multiplayer? Well i say multiplayer is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ I spent a week playing this game and I could not even once find a multiplayer session. Codemasters won't let you even create an open lobby session, You can only play with your freinds, but if you wanna race with the rest of the world you can use their ""innovative"" multiplayer modes which don't have a single player in it!And the last thing I would like to mention is one of the important aspect of the game that has a big part on how the game runs is the LACK OF SAFETY CAR. I have simply no words for not including such an important game feature that was in the previous games. You say it will be patched sooner or later? That makes it look like that the game is still in early access alpha god damn it!When it comes to gameplay features this game is definety fun, but this innovative feature of the game cannot save it from the overall lack of content.6/10"
76561197970631483,Not Recommended,286570,16978647,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bennster,"I'm afraid for the first and only time - I went for the refundGraphically it's blurry, reflections look awful and it's nothing like the lovely promo vids.Gameplay - no career mode?????   really????Buggy - see other 1,256,294,496 negative reviewsMy one and only negative review - it's a record breaker folks."
,Not Recommended,286570,16993556,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,F1XAZIZ,"Graphics are improved, but I am having serious steering issues. The x-box 360 controller is unable to center after you let go of the steering stick. If you guys do not fix this issue, the game is just unplayable... And from what I am reading I am one of the many having this issue, so please provide us with an update soon! So unfortunately, I cannot recommend the game right now."
76561198015276225,Not Recommended,286570,16985138,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Grubster,"This game is not finished yet:- Does not work well with the logitech g27, very buggy- The ghost cars do not remember your fastest lap.- Alt-Tabbing crashes the game"
,Not Recommended,286570,16985312,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Alcapwn,"Don't feel great about this game.With all settings maxed the game still has this rough blurry look to it, almost like it's not running at the correct resolution. I can't quite place it but it doesn't look anywhere near as sharp as I expected. Seems somewhat washed out as well.Force feedback feels pretty lame compared to other games.While I was really looking forward to a open wheel game with branded teams and drivers I think I'll get my racing fix elsewhere for now."
,Not Recommended,286570,17001020,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Milwaki,"No co-op, no career mode, no safety car, no customizable race options, controls are very loose.It still retains the fun of the previous games with some better polished visuals, but until the list of missing things are added for free at some point, and the various bugs it has are fixed, do not buy."
76561197977599970,Not Recommended,286570,16987955,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Shigsy,"The hype and buildup from Codemasters over the last 6 months or so, had this billed as a big step forward in F1 games, constantly talking about realism etc. This couldn't be further from the truth, and it says it all that I only have 10 minutes of play time clocked up. It's a console game that happens to run on a PC. Total arcade experience. Playing on a Logitech G27 wheel + pedals you very very quickly realise this is designed to be played with a controller, on a console, and is not trying to be in any way a race simulator. I will stick with Project Cars and Asseto Corsa - actual race simulators, or as close as we have today. Codemasters, how I wish you could go back and play TOCA Touring Cars 2, to remind yourself when you used to know what you were doing.Refund requested, for the first time ever on Steam :("
76561198034968632,Not Recommended,286570,17052438,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,*QGR*Pat Lessard,Sad...
76561198097089233,Not Recommended,286570,17028877,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,marcmeddings,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, fps problems! all other racing games run fine but for some reason f1 2015 wont run at a playable speed even on the lowest of graphic settings. game runs fine on some tracks for maybe 1 lap. after that it will take u 20mins to complete the next one. just awfull codemasters pull ur finger out,"
76561198072467995,Not Recommended,286570,17088237,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,bray.88,"Wow, thats all I can say. What a mix of emotions from this game.I'll start from the start, but before I do, Im not going to mention any sort of bugs or anything like that, just the game itself.Negatives:- I really enjoyed having my own career so not being able to play as myself only as a current racer really really sucks for me and is probably for me the most disappointing thing so far.- The second thing that really annoys me is the fact you cant edit the race distance which sucks. There's 3 settings of race distance and you cant edit that at all.- I enjoyed the Young Drivers Test in the 2013 game and thought it added a lot to it as a real career. In this game the first time you get to drive in career mode is the first practice session. To live the full experience of F1, there should be young drivers test and pre Season testing to learn to drive the car and even set up tips etc.I havent played a lot of the game yet but these are just some things I feel.Now positive:- I like the 2014-15 change over, not sure if it does, but I hope you can start the career in 2014 then at the end of the year it goes to 2015.- The new look start up menu looks good, and the start of each session with Crofty (As much as I dont like him or his voice) is pretty cool i suppose.- The new interactions with the drivers and engineers like the setup with the tablet, the pop up menu in the race, etc and the new setup options aswell.This is all I have so far but I will start playing a bit more and see how it goes."
76561198146051309,Not Recommended,286570,16977988,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Triplea135,"If Codemaster still like this, I think this is the last F1 game i ever bought!! Everything F1 games feature are gone. The safety car,career mode and where is the formation lap?! Please if you can,bring back the feature that make a F1 game a F1 game."
76561198049713950,Not Recommended,286570,17028256,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,JIMBO J12,"Full garbo, wait till they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥before buying"
,Not Recommended,286570,17231417,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Augustin,"It seems that what they call a 'next-gen' F1 game is releasing an empty game with stripped out features and a glitchy mess.Pros:The graphics are a decent step up and runs mostly smooth on my PC.The handling model and traction feel a lot better than 2014.The new menus are a nice step up from the plain old ones.The sound is improved compared to 2014.Inclusion of the 2014 season.Cons:It is quite clear that some graphics though were given more polish than others. The cars look nice and the night tracks have great lighting but the character models still look last-gen.Not a major con but the commentary can sound pretty forced at times.The AI is a lot more challenging which is good but at times they don't seem to acknowledge your exsistence and are happy to cut you off, clip your tyre and block you on your qualifying lap.I can live with not being able to put my name in on career mode but it seems that all depth has been taken out and just feels like a glorified quick race mode.As someone who does simracing, the force-feedback was pretty lackluster on my G27 wheel.Various graphical and HUD glitches. (Anyone want to race against floating sets of tyres?)I didn't even bother with online but from what I've heard it's pretty broken.I was hoping for big things jumping into next-gen but this feels like an empty and lackluster experience. Probably rushed out to make a quick buck and as the only official F1 game, this is unacceptable. It's not horrible but is slightly above average at best. I wanted to like this game but I couldn't get much out of it. You're better off with F1 2013 which I still consider the best out of Codemaster's F1 lineup."
,Not Recommended,286570,16975475,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sweetest Perfection,BUGS.
,Not Recommended,286570,16985318,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Davitron,Cannot recommend this game in its current state. So many graphical glitches. Tyres and cars disappearing. And unplayable fps on any level of graphics settings. Another poorly optimised pc port
76561198065198788,Recommended,286570,32955637,Posted: 28 June,all,JonnyJaap,"I dont know why this game has so match negativ reviews, it is my first F1 game, and I like it.It is running good on my Linux, the only problem I have, is that it only start on one monitor (on the wronge one) so I need to that one off.Ich weis nicht warum dieses Spiel so viele negative kommentare hat, es ist meine erstes F1 Spiel und ich finde es gut.Es läuft gut auf meinem Linux, davon abgesehen das es immer auf den rechten Monitor startet, was der falsche ist, ich will es auf dem andren haben. Also schalte ich den rechten Monitor aus wenn ich spiele, kein großes problem."
76561197968507180,Not Recommended,286570,17030759,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,shamblemonkeee,"Released in a shocking state for PC, extremely unstable. loads of technical issues (currently unable to play at all due to steam error 41), crashes to desktop and frame rate issues.avoid until patched to a stable state at the very least"
,Not Recommended,286570,16993983,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Big Dumpy,"Runs poorly. Lots of crashes. Cant recomend it in its current state.Pros: better driving physics. It's actually decent enough to enjoy when it's running smoothly.Breaking for a corner is now more than smashing the break. Need to manage amount of breaking.Better AI. Will hold line, defend postions, and overtake.Good track modelsCons: No ajustable FOVEverything looks undersatured.No 900 degress steering support.Poor Performance.This game has the potential to be good one the cons are sorted out. But right now it feels like they realesed an unfinished game."
76561197984882220,Not Recommended,286570,17023548,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DvsMrZeRo,"On Release: Graphical glitches, continual crashes, and just graphics that dont match up with pics released just days before even at MAX with v-sinc, max AA and all that (even my wife walked in and asked if i was playing an older version).Horrible AI, that rams you on the straights, in the corners and really bad increase of hardness (they just get a boost on streights that you cant keep up with). steering wheel works like garbage (its a T500 thrustmaster) there are weird failing reaction times or some times just not at all (its not my hardware ether i use it fequently with Iracing and is up to date), a controller works better sadly. maybe when it gets patched but doubt it."
,Not Recommended,286570,17233733,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mattski,"It's simply not yet at the point where it's ready to be released. The menu's are clunky, it crashes and it has problems with my Logitech G27 (Assetto Corsa, iRacing, Project Cars are all fine). Maybe later as it appeals but it's been released too early and we're paying to do testing of it."
,Recommended,286570,17018161,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,S'jet,"Reading all these negative reviews I'm not sure if I'm playing the same game as the rest of the people here.My PC specs are i7 4770k. 16GB RAM and a single 780GTX.  I haven't experience any crashes, any problems with button assignments, any technical difficulties what so ever.  I play the game on 5760 x 1080 and it runs at 60FPS with everything on ultra (or whatever the highest setting is)The only issues with the game is setting up the force feedback, it's very mellow to start off with and it does take a couple of hours to set it up properly. AI is way too aggressive, they seem to crash at me randomly completely wiping me out.I play the game using the G27 wheel.The game is quite challenging on Legend difficulty, but I'm not sure what's causing all these technical difficulties for people."
76561198280078850,Recommended,286570,34267201,Posted: 15 August,all,potentially,"Would be better if the AI didn't slam into me every time I go around a corner. I don't consider myself ""bad"" at racing games so I don't understand why I get rear ended around t1 every time I start a race.TLDR: Have car insurance."
,Not Recommended,286570,16982237,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lucci,well.. the game looks great but i can not give a thumbs up if there is no career ?i mean what were you thinking ?
,Not Recommended,286570,33551241,Posted: 14 July,all,CombinedYoutuber,"Now let me just say for a moment: I like the game, but I won't recommend it as I personally recommend playing other F1 games which are better: like F1 2013 or F1 2016.But anyway, let's start....Positives:steamhappy:There aren't many.Handling. The handling has nice grip, I can get some good traction from the corners especially, however there are things that affect my opinion on this feature which I will talk about later.Engineer. He is detailed with information, not as much as in F1 2016 but he is still very helpful in this game too. He's also cool.AI. They are decent to race with, I can have some nice battles with them, but just like 2016, they back out of the move as they're a little bit stupid sometimesGraphics. They are really nice which is expected for a next gen game, but they're not as good as 2016's graphics. Also the engine sound isn't realistic.Now let's get onto the interesting part.Negatives:steamsad:Physics. They are absolute crap. When you crash into a car at high speed the car goes flying into the air like an alien's spaceship, so high that it's against physics.Online. It is enjoyable but the lag makes it really crap, it's annoying when the AI move around all over the place because of it. It's exactly the reason why they never did league racing on this game, which is understandable.The bad part of the handling. Now as I said, the handling is good, but there are negatives for me. Firstly, when you come out of slow corners it oversteers so much to the point where I have to catch it or it ends up on the grass, it's really frustrating!! It also understeers a lot, and I mean A LOT, when I played this game and then went back to 2016, 2016 felt a whole lot better than this.The most annoying thing about the handling though for me is the fact if you brake really hard, the car steps out and loses control in the middle of the corner, which affects my speed into the next one and I really hate it!Glitches. Now I haven't actually experienced many which is interesting, but I will surely experience the amount of glitches in this game that I have seen. Let's say some examples: the timing glitch just like on 2016, crashes that are way against physics where you flip 1 billion times into the sky, and many many more. It's annoying.No controller support. I get a message every time I launch the game saying ""this controller is not supported"" when I have a Logitech F710 gamepad which is put into the Xbox controller mode for next gen games, and it's really not supported?! I mean seriously, I had to tweak the controls just to actually turn a corner or try a race when I first got it!!!!No career mode and safety car. It's the main reason that it was crap for many people. I am a big fan of career and Codemasters didn't even bother making one!!!!! The closest they got to it was championship season which is boring as hell. And no safety car to change the races around when they're going badly for you especially???? Hate it.That finishes it. I actually really like F1 2015, but some of those negatives affect the enjoyment of it. I play it quite regularly as I'm trying to get used to it, but right now I'm not gonna recommend it cause I would personally prefer you to play 2013, 2016 or even 2017 when it comes out.Overall ranking is 6/10, it would be 8 without the negatives. Hope you enjoyed reading :)"
,Not Recommended,286570,20858157,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Salty Seb™,"Do NOT buy this game for full price! The plus points are: Better AI, better tyre wear, better looks and it is harder to drive the car in general.The problem is this game has loads of bugs. AND they took off the red flags and the safety car. this game lacks long term motivation and variety between the races. The only thing that keeps me playing it is the racey AI. i bought it for 50% of the price via a sale. I think that is ok all in all. I personally hope F1 2016 has no bugs (if bugmasters can even do that) and inludes red flags and safety cars again. They don't even need to change too much on the AI or the feeling of the driving. JUST FIX UR BUGS! And add a bit of old stuff back in... There is hope!"
,Recommended,286570,18873945,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,madotter,"After a rocky start, we're getting there. A lot of bugs remain but it still is a great game. The AI is fantastic and now the modders have found a way in, it's only going to get better. 8/10"
76561198066998478,Not Recommended,286570,16974364,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,JJ,"Horrible Interface! I use triple screen and two separate custom controls for pedals and wheel.1. 2013 & 2014 allowed me to setup the aspect ratio and it looked great. 2015 doesn't so everything is streched out.2. 2013 & 2014 allowed me to setup my controls perfectly. 2015 doesn't, it conflicts with both so I can't drive.3. My ESC key doesn't work when racing.4. Bench Mark just crashed the game.Horrible, horrible start.Code Masters: Why would you go backwards in terms of the controls setup??I own all the racing games out there and this is the first one which my custom controls won't work with!I will start looking for help from other players to see if they have a mod for my issue but if not, I'll be returning the game."
,Not Recommended,286570,16974646,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Der Hausmeister,"MY GOD THIS GAME IS SCREWED!I have played a lot of racing games in the past and have previously played F1 2011, F1 2012 and F1 2014. I was really hyped for this game, but my god they screwed it up.+Better and cleaner UI+Better AI, the AI actually overtakes you this time+Beautiful lighting+Realistically modeled cars+You can push the car more due to less unpredictable wheelspin+Both the 2015 and the 2014 F1 seasons are playable+Better commentery/tv-style+Tire sqeal can finally be heard properly-Game crashes alot-FPS drops are common, dropping to 9 FPS and staying there very frequently-Colours are very washed out-I cannot look back in the 3rd person view-Engine sounds are far too quiet-Limited Anti-Aliasing options, WHERE IS MSAA?-Blur, motion blur cannot be deactivated, WTF?-No introduction scene before the race start like in previous games-AI likes to punt you in the wall in some corners, for example Eau Rouge-The graphics are messed up, everything is very blury and smeary, absolutely horrific, WTF HAPPENED?-No safety car, WTF ARE YOU THINKING CM?-No Co-op, WTF ARE YOU THINKING CM?-FFB is horribly weak and inacurrate, almost no effects, worse than every before in a CM F1 game, WTF HAPPENED?-Why is it not possible to adjust each session length in championship mode?-Damage model is pathetic and far too forgiving, wait is this 2005 or 2015?-Rev counter on the steering wheel is still broken and far too short like in F1 2014-ALT+TAB does not work properly-Hardly any tire smoke when locking up-Long loading timesPC specs: i7 4790k, r9 290, 16GB DDR3, G27 for more info see my profileAll in all I cannot recommend this game in its current state, the game is completely screwed, lacking featuires and will make you want to buy a pair of glasses. To be honest F1 2014 is probaly a better buy. I think I might test Steam's refund policy.10.07.2015, F1 2015 v.1.0-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:So after raging quite a bit yesterday I completed a few 25% quick races on different tracks with some of the 2015 and 2014 spec F1. Championship mode is literally unplayable due to it bein at 9 FPS the entire time. So in this small list I will go into the actual racing aspect of F1 2015 and the changes compared to last years game.+Handling model has been vastly improved, more traction, less unpredictable wheelspin, the rear of the car is still quite a challenge which is good+The AI actually races you this time around, there is lots of wheel to wheel action, and the AI even completes switchback moves and dosen't back out of a move very often+Pits stops are now just as quick as in real life and the times vary per team and your crew can mess up+The AI is not as slow on the first lap, like in previous games+Fuel management is now realistic becuase upshifting early and lifting and coasting actually make a difference+The AI race each other with realistic consequences+Front wing gets damags more easily+The effects of dirty are are noticable+Wet racing is possible again, due to the AI not being overpowered anymore+AI make mistakes and it is great to see them having to deal with oversteer and slipping on the grass+The sparks that fly from the car directly infront of you are implemented very well+Penalty system usually fairly affects AI cars+Racing is just more fun with all cars batteling each other a lot of the time, going 3-wide into corners and stuff like that+AI causes crashes+More cinematics, grid walk podium etc.+You can ask the engineer for information-AI is not aware of you when it is rejoining the track and subsequently knocks you off-AI cars which need to be lapped do not get out of the way most of the time, therefore endangering your race-The rev counter on the in-game steering wheel is still wrong, just like last year-When exiting the pits with the pit assist option deactivated you are stuck in 2nd gear, therefore you lose a lot of time-The AI is always, and I repeat ALWAYS faster than you in a straight line, I have had Mclaren-Hondas pull away from me whilst I am driving a Force India and using DRS-2015 and 2014 car balance is not correct: 2015: Mclaren, Red Bull, Sauber too strong; Mercedes powered cars too weak (The cars are correctly balanced when you are driving them, but not when the AI is driving them, 2014: Mclaren is too powerful, haven't tested the rest (Again the AI cars are not balanced for example the Marussia is not runnung in the back like the Caterhams are)-There are alot of races where the weather is grey and dark and it is raining, but the track dosen't look wet and the dry tires work significatly better than the intermediates-The AI like to drive away from you in a train most of the time and you don't have a chance due to them blitzing down the straights-The damage model is pathetic and way too forgiving most of the time-The side pod glitch has kinda moved to the area between the sidepod and the front wheels, touch a car there and you just spin-The fuel mode menu is too slow, so that it takes too long to switch between modes whilst driving-The ""talk to the engineer menu"" dissapears way to quickly after opening it, therefore rendering it useless-No tire smoke when youn lock tyres, or cars spin, therefore there are no immersive ""trying to avoid an incident which has occured ahead"" moments-Blury graphics and motion blur really strain the eyes after ~30 mins-When it start raining and you have to change ti intermidiate tyres and you do so on your schedueled pit stop and haven't used the menu to select the intermidiate tyres, you will have slicks put on during the pit stop, this affects the AI most of the time too-DRS is often enabled in wet conditions-A lot of scenarios where you better of with slicks on a wet trackAll in all the actual racing have vastly improved over last years game, now if codies would just address the blury graphics, add MSAA then this review would be positive and this game would be worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,286570,17033557,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Wibble,"Codemasters, please dont release unfinished games!Buggy to the point of unplayable sometimes, with framedrops from 60+ to 6 for no clear reason at random points."
76561198353011116,Not Recommended,286570,35113600,Posted: 21 September,all,oldsilverman,"I have never been so sick playing a game as I have this one.Whether I am good or bad at a driving game I can still play them and enjoy myself.Even being smashed up from beaten by AI cars or bike, you can still improve.Here we go:Beautiful graphics and sound.Realistic environment.You will fail. AI cars just smash you out of the way and you get kicked out of the race.Margin for errors are so tight, you know that you can't beat the AI.Instructions are poor beyond belief for a supposed big game release.I got this game in a sale and I still resent paying anything for it.You just think is it even worth playing the extra few moments for the trading cards.Do not waste your money."
76561198067582618,Not Recommended,286570,21980661,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Nelly D Racer,"Cons:Bad Physics,Bad Control Pad Support,No proper career mode,No Safety Car,Rubbish Online Multiplayer.Pros:Nice Graphics.On the plus side the next game does appear to have everything an F1 fan could wan't so save your money for F1 2016."
76561198073428569,Not Recommended,286570,16980749,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,tk48,one DISLIKE i can not get the game working :(
76561198092275363,Not Recommended,286570,17117101,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,aarondaniel33,my game keeps glitching its really annoying
,Not Recommended,286570,17866354,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,stephen,"F1 games a pretty based as the same and there is only one f1 game from the past that seems to have a formation lap, im not happy with codemaster games over the last few years, pretty bad if im honest"
,Recommended,286570,24129033,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Minimaul,"A fun racing title with some serious issues.The good:- multiplayer racing with friends is great fun- much better physics than previous titles in the series- nice and playable with both controllers and with wheels- lots of patches from codemasters this time to fix bugs and to update the cars performance and visuals- includes both the 2014 and 2015 seasonsThe bad:- no career mode- no classic F1 mode- AI on the hardest difficulty (Legend) is too easy- even with all of the patches, still a bit buggyOn balance - I got a lot of fun out of this game - mostly in multiplayer. The next title in the series (F1 2016) should hopefully correct the missing career mode.I'd like to see in future titles:- a way to set up a race to start dry and have rain start during the race, or to start wet and have rain stop during the race. Ideally so I could set it to start raining on lap X of a race, or set it to stop raining on lap X.- custom grids (like F1 2006 on PS3 had) - the ability to set up any starting grid you want- the return of classic F1 cars"
,Not Recommended,286570,20211627,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,zambas,"Codemasters totally ♥♥♥♥ed this one up.No career mode, and on top of that Xbox 360 controller for windows doesn't seem to work as it should, making it impossible to control the car even in a straight line.DO YOUSELF A FAVOUR AND SAVE YOUR MONEY."
76561198015039693,Not Recommended,286570,20413382,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,PaZZa,stay away from this game very poor and buggy
,Not Recommended,286570,16973528,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,CynicalPillow54,Bug are taking over my PC. Time to sue CM
,Not Recommended,286570,24642361,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Raccoon,Can't even launch the game and nothing has been changed
76561198132389565,Not Recommended,286570,17064591,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,BrunO,How can you take have a license like this and screw it up this much every time?! this game is a joke exactly like f1 2014 were if not even worse...
,Not Recommended,286570,33625975,Posted: 18 July,all,'Raikkonen,Badly optimized.Go wait for F1 2017 and play F1 2014 instead.
,Not Recommended,286570,17029828,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SUPER__Z,"Well F1 2015 is definite disappointing. Obviously they use a so-called new engine as they announced, because everything including menu is different. I admit there is some improvement in graphics and car handling. TC is way effective than it was, which may be a good thing to novice. However, the game crashes sometimes, which is the reason that makes me write thiss comment. When I feeling exhausted trying to finish 58 laps at Australia Grand Prix, the game crashed around 43th lap, with no save left. I mean, seriously? Also the line the AIs take when you try to pass them a lap ahead (Blue Flag) totally does not make any sense. They run out of the track to let you pass!? That is just ridiculous. The last but not the least, when using flash back, there is a short burst when resuming the game.Overall:Pros:Good raphicsSound tracks are fineDriving assists are helpful for noviceCons:Too many glitchesGame may crashThe interface is so different from F1 2014 and earlier that it does not feel like F1 2015"
76561198021888513,Recommended,286570,17307606,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,BenderIsGreat34,"I like it. It's not perfect but once i'm in a session i really enjoy it.I play with traction control set to med all other assists off. Hopefully i can turn this off soon too!My system is:i7 2600k16gb ram (I use dim drive and load the game into ram)R9 380 4gbDriving force gt wheel and pedal setCons:Weather forecast for race weekend missing, i can't set my car up for the race in qualifying if i don't know what the weather forecast is.DRS open conformation would be nice too, maybe flashing like it used to.Benchmark test crashes the game.No career mode (would be nice to have for some people but i play full race weekends over and will probably only get 2 full seasons out of it before 2016 is released)Pros:Force feedback is good. Tied in with that is the tire model. It took me an hour to get to grips with the game but once i did, i combined what i felt through the wheel with what i thought the car was doing and what the tire and brake temps were to drive the car. Now my tires generally surpass the initial pit window estimate while only losing 1.5-2 secs at end of life. I'm very rarely hard on the gas or brake anymore.I like the penalty system over old versions of the game as it is now more lenient and just give warnings for minor contact rather than a tour of the pits.i enjoy the commentary as well.Formation lap, different cut videos, etc, would be nice but i don't feel like they would add significant value to the experience.If you like f1 and are thinking about it, buy it!"
76561197991249068,Recommended,286570,19449397,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,1jessie,"There is a lot of trash talk and dissapointment about this game. I think it deserves better reviews. Sure, the lack of the progressive season mode is a shame but when you get past that, the improvements far outweight that small negative (that said, I don't do multiplayer so have no opinion on pro's or cons).The physics of the car are out of this world. I had F1 2013 and it felt like the car was on rails. The F1 2015 cars feel like they are on the edge when you're lapping. You can FEEL the understeer and oversteer through the wheel and putting together a fast lap is very rewarding as the physics will punish you for over-doing things.Tyre degradation and fuel management are now in your hands. You can slow down a tad and save tyres and fuel to change your race strategy. There is no option to change strategy before the race starts but you aren't ""forced"" to pit like in F1 2013. If you choose to race flat out, you will have to make an extra stop compared to a more conservative approach..The only other oddity is the AI speed. On Hard, it's fairly easy to qualify and race in the top three. Moving up to Expert, I was struggling to get in the top ten. Hopefully they'll patch it to make the gap a bit less radical. The AI also has a propensity to punt you off the track from time to time. Generally they race very well and you can force them into mistakes but it's very irritating to be on the correct line and suddenly ""BOOM"" you're spinning off the track.I highly recommend giving it a try. If you are bent out of sdhape by the lack of the young driver program you are missing out on a great racing sim for something that was only a fraction of the game."
,Not Recommended,286570,17006781,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,JT,I have no idea how the Full controller support tag got up there. Unplayable on the Logitech F710.
,Recommended,286570,21932116,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,A1M2,Nothing wrong with this GAME at all and a bargin at half price. Thrustmaster 500. GTX 970. SSD wit nu i5. Runs good looks good
76561198079063171,Not Recommended,286570,17680288,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,rune,This game is an ultimate money scam. When the game came out it was already bad enough on the PC but some of the recent patches have improved the experience on the PC. However with this latest patch the AI is even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than ever. Racing as Bottas I was confidently leading the Australian Grand Prix until the second to last lap where my team mate who was already lapped tries to be some sort of hero and he goes on to overtake me. He crashes into the back of me and then we both go completely spinning. Luckily I was 30+ sec ahead so I was still able to get back on track to lead the race. Then on the last lap my car goes absolutely bonkers and decides to stop working on the last couple of corners for no apparent reason. After being sent spinning again another car completely smashes into me and I have to retire a couple of corners from victory.With this latest patch the AI is even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in getting out of the way when they are lapped. Instead of  pulling to the side they go completely straight out into a wall and most likely end up damaging their front wing or the entire car. And there are other problems like sitting on your team mate' ghost car when you go to pit or not getting out of the pits as well.There are other massive issues like big FPS drops when the into is played in the rain. I could go on and on.Do not buy this.
76561198110153797,Not Recommended,286570,17054713,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TangentileMeat,"I have always loved their F1 games however so far this has been the biggest waist of my money ever. I have had nothing but problems with this game.1. My G25 wheel and peddles,  which has worked on every other racing game without fail now has so many issues. This game will not allow me to use the brake and accelerator because they both register as (slide 1) which means that its one or the other and I have to use my clutch as the brake which gives me no feel. When I contacted Codemasters I got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t generic reply stating that I am able to custemise the controlls. Which from owning all of their other games I am well aware of but is totaly useless when their game registers multiple peddles as the some one. Not to mention that their standatd G25 controlls do not even allow the use of the peddles.2. When I play their fancy new PRO SEASON which I was really looking foward to which is meant to have no assists and hardest difficaulty. When I stared first prectice in melbourne all assists a ON and I mean ALL assists. And No i was not in the other championship moad because that works fine with all assists off. The PRO mode, even thought is says that the assists are off still displays the racing line along with all other assissts. Again when I contatcted Codmasters their reply was that I shound just turn them off. Which I cant because its PRO mode and it says they are already off.If anyone have any resolutions to these issues please leat me know because at this point the game is unplayable, I've wasted money and Im going back to play Project cars and F1 2014 until they are fixed."
76561198025211955,Recommended,286570,17005436,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ponderawoman,"EDIT - dunno what you did but a couple of updates later and it's a lot more playable and I'm competing for race wins. I have to get in the Ferrari to do it, obviously, but it's something. Well done, keep up the good work.You guys have neutered a game that had potential. In some ways the cars behave more like their real life counterparts. The AI is better. But this S.O.B of a game just does not work properly, and you've nixed loads of features that had no business being removed. I don't know if you panicked because you figured this game was your last chance to redeem yourself, but you picked a terrible time to mess up. I regret buying this thing, and I've really enjoyed the F1 series up to now. Hopefully you can iron out some of the bugs and glitches, but it's the missing features that confuse me the most. I have no idea what you were thinking. Better luck next time chaps."
76561198055425769,Recommended,286570,33568144,Posted: 15 July,all,Zach Attack,very detailed and a great racing game overalli sugjest leavin gthe graphic settings as is unless you have an upgraded graphics card or gaming pc
76561198166351973,Recommended,286570,16975158,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PJ Dunham,Review Changed from Neg to Pos.After Fixes this title is worth owning for any F1 fan. There are still Flaws but all the game breaking issues from release HAVE been seen to ( pat on the back to codys ) .Lets hope lessons were learned for 2016 title as that in really looking forward too.
,Not Recommended,286570,17448280,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,targeted,If this was a physical item you would return it to the store and get a refund because it is broken.♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Stability issues everywhere. Crashes all the time.♥♥♥♥♥♥port. Broken. A con. ♥♥♥♥ you Codemasters.TL;DR:♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,286570,17015863,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,twisted,"Game is blurry...I tried recommended settings from other users in forums and even at 1920X1080 with all graphical settings set to Ultra, SAA off, post process and motion blur set to lowest it looks like I'm playing in 800X600. Tried every settings. The environnments are constantly flickering, especially trees which give headache and motion sickness. They said they have improved handling, but to me it's a step backward. Doesn't feel like a simulation any more. You can now recover from any drift before the car spin, and hitting grass at 250 km/h feels like your still driving on tarmac. What a disappointment. Game is very short on content too compared to previous games in the serie. Finally, it's not even possible to tweak X360 controller deadzone, sensitivity, etc. You can only remap keys and that's all! This game is a joke. How am I suppose to make great use of the turns apex with default controller sensitivity is beyond me...it's completely unplayable...the cars are way too twitchy!! What a bad pc port this game is."
76561197975416771,Recommended,286570,24911922,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GroodZilla,"Love the game but it has some bugs. My settings are not saved correctly sometime. No mouse support. A 100% console port, sometimes you get ""help"" with console controller symbols :-("
76561198000039199,Not Recommended,286570,18147188,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,crossx162,"Total garbage. This game seriously worked better the first day it came out than right now which is just shameful because it was only halfway functional to begin with. Still don't understand why my logitech g27 does not work with this game. The pedals do nothing and I cannot fix the controls, every time I try to change it, it does nothing."
76561197980171958,Recommended,286570,17400131,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EyeGore III,"In my opinion F 1 2015 is a gem of a game to start.You have to believe that with this (core) next gen style format isbound to get better period.It's been over three weeks since the games release with multiple patches added and each timevarious issues have been fixed.So what I'm saying is, lets all of us do our part to assist CM in delivering the best F 1 racerever by continuing feedback and being a little more  patient than we have been in the past .First on the assist/feedback list is ensure that you have the latest drivers for everything that's connected to your PC,( Vid ,sound,MS update,steam client,verify integrity software,wheel /game pad drivers,etc ). And then after all you have done is checked off, then do the olde basic complete shutdown and restart.  Not to discourage anyone but remember that this game was designed for the state of the art peripheral components, so an upgrade may be possible.Don't get me wrong but I also experienced all the issues that everyone mentioned in previous posts, and I do not not have the strongest rig, but those steps (mentioned above) really helped me to play and enjoy  the Formula 1 series which I love so much.I hope this helps more virtual drivers out there to be able to get on the tracks and enjoy this beautiful Formula 1 game for our PC version and kick some next gen arses. C U  @ the Circuit De Barcelona- Catalunya.Rig=Am3+ x4 985, R9 270, 970 game board, 16gb ddr3 and Win7 ultimate 64"
76561198041411958,Not Recommended,286570,17910758,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hagar,tried this again for the first time since release to see if they patched it into working properly.They did not!!!controls work ok now for me. But the video overlay still looks like an epileptic seizure. Game crashed after first race.
76561198101030018,Not Recommended,286570,25409624,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,[IFN] Scars [MOD],Game is really not that good in 2016! I am saying this. Its just not good enough codemasters...
76561198061083316,Not Recommended,286570,17007901,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sun Levi,"The handling imo is the best in the series but no way is this game worth the price it's asking. No Safety car, No multiple seasons, No career mode and throw in game breaking bugs like my pit crew won't change my damn tyres, the pit crew just basiclly freezes (Happened to me multiple times on both single & multiplayer)It's best to pick this up on sale, and hopefully Codemasters patch the game soon."
,Not Recommended,286570,16975999,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,CH£4T£R,"Iv seen more fps in a game from 1990, end of."
76561198073470951,Not Recommended,286570,17132169,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Predator,"Game won't even open, what a hunk of rubbish."
,Not Recommended,286570,17085399,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Yooki,10/10 ign
76561198256073828,Not Recommended,286570,19758297,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Threefriends72,"To be honest what a shame! This is pure deception! And I pay 32.99$ for that horror game! No career mode, nothing what's that??? F1 2014 was a real cool game also F1 2012 and f1 2013 but F1 2015 is just disappointed by this. Hope F1 2016 will be different and will see the come back of the career mode."
76561197999689923,Not Recommended,286570,17067497,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jabba1,"The AI seems to think it gets points for hitting you. Crashing at 200+ kph and just the front wing gets damaged. Very disappointing. The corner cutting makes all player times completely irrelevant. The game looks nice when it works, but thats rare."
,Not Recommended,286570,17108609,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,marzen224,Cant play the game.. The game will not enter full screen... CM FIX THIS!!!
76561198042540353,Not Recommended,286570,17017622,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,kenneth9494,"So... i dont do review... at all, but i was quite excited for this game, and it has a lot of cool new stuff that i have wanted for this game series for a long time. But the game is missing alot of features i expected it to have, compared to older games, like co-op, career mode, safety car, ability to choose race and qualifying length etc. And WHY does the game have features that cannot be used in the PC version but can be used on console, ITS THERE, I CAN SEE ITS THERE, LET ME USE IT. And when the cars are to hard to drive around the tracks with a keyboard, compared to F1 2014 or older games, this whole poop 2015 game version making me... let say frustrated and disappointed in Codemaster"
,Not Recommended,286570,17559198,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ch3apsh0t,"It's been quite a bit of a time and they've yet to fix the most important building block of an F1 game, FFB. I've always liked this series even it's console itterations and now I can hardly finish a few practice laps. I will say that it seem the throttle control, braking, and steering all seem better from pervious games, but without FFB it's impossible to push for the edge of grip and put down a lap time worthy of the new pro mode.Stay away. Even after they fix it."
76561197977112274,Not Recommended,286570,16973172,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,^7.-Clan^1Carneval^7-.,"Don`t know the person to take decisions at codemasters don´t think this guy play racing games ,, the weel to sensitive car flying L and W at the straight impossible to fix ,, NO CARRER MODE AND THAT IS CRAZY ,, That is what fans want ,, no SF car ,, i have a MSI gaming pc and verry bad graphics ,, like 13 and 14 fans have to fix patch to make the game funn and you feel like WHY PAY FOR THIS ,, HAVE ASK FOR REFUND 1 TIME EVER ,, Hope the take the f1 licens from codemaster ,, THIS HAVE TO STOP ,, YEAR AFTER YEAR NOW WAIT TO 2016 CRAZY ,, DON`T BUY THIS TAKE IT ON TORRENT SO CODEMASTER GO BANKRUPT AND EA CAN FIX THIS FOR F1 FANS !!!!!!!!! WAS REALLY WAITING FOR THIS AND SITTING WHIT A MADE REFUND AND VERRY BAD TASTE IN MY MOUTH ,,,,,CODEMASTERS WTF............................"
76561198197789261,Recommended,286570,17814266,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ObySan,"**Revwiew for PC** with GTX 760 (i7) - mostly medium to low settings @ minimum 58 fps.If your a fan of F1 but were a bit fed up with the prior Codemasters F1 efforts then you have to get this game.Great graphics, much improved AI, excellent replays with variable camera angles, adjustable cockpit camera angle, and wonderfully immersive physics ! The key to this game is understanding , as far as I have found out, is that the game is intended to be driven with 360* of wheel rotation unlike the prior gen console versions that I have played. This will give you 1:1 steering ratio when set up in your Logitech, or other branded, wheel profiler. Setting up my DFGT did take a bit more effort than ususal but feels great now. Big step up codemasters ! Well done !"
,Not Recommended,286570,17033998,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Ted,"Framerate is around 30 fps despite dual GTX Titans, and the force feedback is nearly non-existent. Assetto Corsa-esque FFB quality and 60 fps framerate, then F1 2015 will be interesting.I didn't have time to experience any crashes before claiming a refund. :/This is a (poor) PC port of a console-first game. Too bad, I really enjoyed F1 2012... :("
76561198040395024,Not Recommended,286570,16997570,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Autism in a Bowl,"F1 2015 was disapointing, F1 2014 ran great on my computer (triple screens). F1 2015 graphics quality even at the highest graphics setting when compared to F1 2014. My Fanactec CSW/CSP worked fine with F1 2014, CSP pedals would not connect. I returned the game after less than an hour, to bad was looking forward to this game."
,Not Recommended,286570,16969084,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Cloudkake,"First off, This game is good! The main reason for this thumbs down is the error 41 crash that plauges codemasters new games! Same issue that haunts its also excellent dirt rally (still in early access) Until they fix this issue for everyone its a real dealbreaker. These are the only two games i own across two systems that crash out with error 41. When you have races that last as long as these you just cant be putting up with frequent crashing! PLEASE FIX!In terms of graphics i must say their other title Dirt Rally looks way better! To my eyes the main reason is the massively overdone motion blur which softens the life out the visials making the textures looks really poor. You only have to pause it mid race to see just how much detail is actually lost by over use of the motion blur effect. Whats more annoying is the lack of option to turn motion blur off!?!Comon codemasters, i expect way, way more of you. This might be the first of your games i actually ask for my money back for if you dont sort this out quickly!"
,Not Recommended,286570,17978588,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kinetron-,"My Logitech F710 is apparently not supported.This game is like the 2005 US Grand Prix of games.Until it's fixed, and I can play the game with (what I believe) is a very popular controller, I will leave this as a negative review.Edit: I also tried a Logitech F310 (wired version) and it also gave me an error saying the controller was not supported. I tried to play through a time trial anyway to see what would happen, and the controller is in-fact useless."
,Not Recommended,286570,17511947,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheGOro,"Smells like an abandoned early access gameYear by year, with each release Codemasters removed a tiny bit of content from this series, but this year they did a big leap forward and completely removed everything from the game just because they introduced an all-new engine which has huge compatibility issues with lots of popular game controllers and wheels. For me, that was a big waste of money as Windows 10 and my controller (Logitech F710) are not officially supported and it isn't working at all."
76561198071619672,Not Recommended,286570,17025783,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,naokishimazu7,Don't waste your money !This is the worst F1 game in the series !
,Not Recommended,286570,17027892,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Madridista! # CL7  ت,The most disappointing game of the series.
76561198072724216,Recommended,286570,17368519,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,blackshocks,"I don't know where all the hate is coming from.1. I bought the game after reading all the (mostly negative reviews)2. Installed onto my existing Win7 Desktop machine and the game could not get past the pitlane. since Win10 had just come out, i decided to reinstall my Desktop PC win Win10 and installed steam and the game from scratch - everything working fine, apart from a couple of graphics bugs here and there, but overall, the gameplay itself is spot on. This is without doubt the best F1 Simulator around - i especially like the time trial feature.For those with issues, i know it is difficult (and time consuming) to reinstall a PC, but take advantage that Win10 is out and is an opportunity to start afresh."
76561198026251246,Not Recommended,286570,18058871,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,coder,The game has a lot of bugs. Every patch is a black box when you don't know if you are able to play it after. I was not able to play twice after their patches and had to wait till the next one. The game also lacks some cool features from F1 2014 like the car engine wear.
76561198183392371,Recommended,286570,17348751,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,winterlightsong,"I've only just bought this game and I'm loving it. Driving as Jenson Button, I have just completed the Australian GP on full race distance...no frame rate dips whatsoever, a smooth 60fps for 58laps. Handling is so improved and thus helps with consistency. Tyre wear is also more accurate with timely information from your engineer as to the state of your tyres...I got 14 laps out of the 'option' tyres and easily got 18 laps out of the 'prime' tyres before I had to pit. A.I. is more competitive and they make mistakes too...24 race incidents after the Australian GP!The engineer is vastly improved, not only does he give consistent, accurate information on tyre wear, he also informs you of fuel use, weather, lap times and time gaps between your nearest rivals.Graphically, it's an improvement over F1 2014 but it's no real showcase for next generation graphics. Crowd and officials are still oddly static and cardboard like, but that's only seen in the replays. Tracks are nicely detailed and accurate, although I noticed some 'blocky' trees and foliage, and I'm running the game on Ultra High settings.Commentary is limited to before and after the race...it's serviceable, it gets the job done!Replays are better as you can now cycle through all the cars in the race and watch them racing...something Psygnosis could do back in the 90's with their F1 game on PS1...but it's a nice addition. Only wish they would add a UI over the replays that gave you the lap, driver, laptimes etc.I could mention everything that's missing, but I won't because a 100,000 other people have probably already done that across the internet. I love the game so far and it is easily the best F1 game Codemasters have created yet!*Edit...maybe I've been fortunate, but I have encountered no bugs or glitches so far and I have now completed Round 2 The Malaysian GP! My system is high-spec but that wouldn't matter if there were bugs and glitches...I'm sorry for all purchasers who are having issues with the game and I sincerely hope you get them resolved soon!"
,Recommended,286570,17264681,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ale,"i  don't know because has much negatives reviews. the game is very good and well simulates a Formula 1 race who are complaining have never seen an entire race and is used or like another type of game. Of course there are some bugs and problems, but it is the best game in the series ever released"
76561198082048228,Not Recommended,286570,16995774,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ilkertanrivedi_7,i didn't like it
76561198033102763,Not Recommended,286570,17385659,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ok_computer,"The issue:My framerate is a solid 60-ish per second. About 2 times per lap, it drops to somewhere around 12 to 15 fps, stays there for 10 seconds, and goes back up again. This happens both in the benchmark as in the championship mode, with cars from both the 2015 and 2014 season.System Specs:Windows 7 SP1 64-bitCPU: AMD Vishera FX-8350, Eight-Core,Motherboard: ASUS M5A78L-M/USB3RAM:  Crucial Ballistix Sport 12GB DDR3-1600,Video card: Nvidia GTX 750 Ti 2GB,Hard Drive: 1000 GB Sata IIIDriving equipment: Using the pedals of the Thrustmaster F430, with the wheel of the Logitech Driving Force GTDX Diag:{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/download/zb49cwq0cexnqr5/DxDiag.txt;Steps to reproduceSimply enter a race (Tested with Australian Grand Prix) or run the benchmark.What have I  done to try to fix the problem?Given that I earlier reported some issues on DiRT Rally too, I wanted to check my system first.Since that other bug report of mine, I've reinstalled Windows, made sure no other major processes were running in the background (Other than Steam)I've opened up my PC case and cleaned it of any dust (There wasn't much, which wasn't a suprise considering it's not even a year old and well-maintained)I've kept an eye on the PC temperatures while playing several games, it never reaches oddly high temperatures (Never above 60 degrees celcius in GTA V on pretty high settings, for example)I have turned down the graphics settings and ran without V-sync to test it.I've checked whether there was a driver update avaliable for my PC. There wasn't.How long was your current session?I've had several sessions. Some were short, with me going in the menu and starting the benchmark straight away. Also I've tried running a 100% race weekend, which I ran till about 50% of the race and saved there because the issues were really annoying me."
,Recommended,286570,17006584,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PeteUplink,"I like this game! I realise I'm in the minority here, but if you give me a moment I'll clarify my point of view.First of all, this game isnotperfect. It has bugs. It has missing features (you don't have a player career mode, you can't drive as yourself, there are practise sessions still missing). But what it lacks in features it makes up for in the racing.The races are good! Okay, if you drive as Lewis Hamilton, you're quickly going to take the lead and drive away from the pack. But f you choose, say, Button's McLaren or a Sauber, you're going to have a race on your hands to reach your teams goal (which is usually to finish in the top 10).The AI are pretty decent, they will give you a tough fight, they no longer back out of overtaking in the braking zones, and they'll go for small gaps.I've noticed a bug where you're sometimes called into the pits on the same lap as your team mate and have to stack up behind, but it doesn't happen all the time. And you can get around it by pitting a lap later.Weather modelling is about the same as always, so no problems there.The damage could do with being a bit more sensitive. I crashed into a driver who braked suddenly in front of me, and I suffered no damage even with full damage enabled. Front wings need to be more fragile.Aside from these problems, which are easy enough to work around, it's a good game. Is it the best F1 game ever? No, not by a long shot. But it's OK.Don't expect too much. Go into it expecing a no frill, no nonsense F1 racing game. It's not a full on sim, but it's not an arcade game either."
76561198071680413,Not Recommended,286570,20195024,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Stocken,"Cannot get My Fanatec GT3 teering wheel to work with this game. Been trying for almost 2h and have given up, gear up paddle simply will just get me to paus menu no matter what I do. Latest drivers and updates on everything but no luck. Lets see if next year version works better, I'm out for this year. €45 down the drain"
76561198015518530,Recommended,286570,22582841,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,fosters5,"Took advantage of the free weekend to give this a go and purchased it after being stunned by the lovely looks, playability and stunning replays, this game is awesome and easily my new favourite racer and bearing in mind I have the likes of P-Cars and Assetto Corsa I just didn't think this would touch em but my god was I pleasantly surprised, really feels like a formula one drive. It does have one or two issues though like some of the replays on certain tracks the sound is very quiet and you don't get the roar of the engines as you do on other tracks, secondly, some close ups of the spectators and pit peoples faces aren't up to scratch but this is really nit picking and doesn't distract from the awesome gamplay and feeling your actually taking part in a formula one race. AWESOME! 91/2 out of ten, would have given a 10 if above issues were fixed and SLI worked but hey, this is so damn good who really cares."
76561198110870782,Not Recommended,286570,16999841,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Largartor,Refund option: The best feature ever on this game
,Not Recommended,286570,17010474,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CLAYOTA,Terrible PC port of a console game.Awful force feedback support.
76561198021830679,Recommended,286570,21316658,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,warhead57,"I purchased a T300 ferrai racing wheel and F1 2015 does not support it.  This is agreat disapointment as i now can't play the game. You would have thought that CM would have all the bases covered when it came to input devices for F1 2015.  When i was looking for a racing i chose this because it stated that it supports win 10 64bit pc as well as ps3/4. I'd love to comment on the game but sadly i can't, only that it looks quite good visually.   When will the T300 be supported?"
76561198081912724,Not Recommended,286570,17019233,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,sizwej,"Disapointing. Game was initailly unplayable due to gamepad issues. Then it worked perfectly following a scheduled patch a few weeks later. Since installing windows 10, the game has returned to it's initial non-worling state- the  Xbox 360 controller doesnt work. Very frustrating. Once again the game is unplayable. This is the best F1 game ever...when it works. However in its current state, I wouldnt recommend it."
76561197995073377,Not Recommended,286570,17006859,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,JV,"Overall this is a pretty disappoiting game. I'm a big of the series and i was really looking foward to this one. If you look at the hype codemasters created for the latest version of the F1 game, i feel a bit cheated. Career mode is gone, chosing qualy and race is gone, the AI raises questions, key bindings are just randomly placed and this list goes on. I really hope a very big patch is coming.F1 2014 was bad and at first sight this is even worse.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198114788309,Recommended,286570,17917938,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DonOne84,"Ok, first things first.. Since this is my first review and thus have no experience in writing one, I'm still gonna try.I mainly want to review this game because of the havoc it caused on the day of release, and I mean havoc in a bad way...I waited a couple days and finally, after some patches, decided I want to go see and play for myself. And let me get this clear right away, it's a blast!! Compared to the lame AI the previous F1 games from CM suffered with, this one is finally spot on!! I play the game on the hard setting with a xbox 360 controller and all the races I've played so far (I think just 5 of them on 50% race distance) are so much fun! I mean head to head action, racing as Vettel in the Ferrari against Hamilton till the very last round, it never felt so close as I could imagine what would be in real life. Only for that fact alone I enjoyed this game more than all it's predecessors. Off course every now and then you'd come around a (minor) glitch, but the question is if it's ruining the game and the answer too that is most certainly not!! At least not for me.I don't play online, so I can't give you my opinion on that, but if you're here to purely race as one of your favourite drivers and don't mind that there is no formation lap or safety car or other things they could (and should) have implemented in the game, then this is your go!Couple of possitive and negative points about the game (and I always think you should not take in consideration the ones that don't apply to you or what kind of game you're looking for)+ Handling (very well done, has been far worse in the past releases)+ Graphics (simply stunning 1080p ultra settings 60fps on my system)+ Racing experience (fight head to head with your components for multiple laps for the first time in an F1 game from CM)+ 2014 season (included for free)+ Speak with engineer (Very nifty and useful feature)- No career mode (I play championship season and don't mind, but if you want too progress year after year, it's not possible)- No safety car (Bit of a bummer Codies! It's like a soccer game with no refferee :|)- No formation lap (I don't mind, just wanna race, that is where I bought this game for)- Still some bugs (but CM is working very hard too patch them in the near future, am I right? ;) Not a game ruiner for me though)All in all, I defenitly would recommend this game if you're a fan of racing games (F1 in particular off course) and if you've played one of CM earlier F1 games, cause the overall racing experience in combination with the graphics really lift this game to the next level.Hope you'd enjoyed reading this review and made your choice wether too buy this game or not is now a little bit easier ;-)"
76561198071650649,Not Recommended,286570,19430267,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,10ISSTAR,I got it during the BF Sale... Even with the 33% off I feel ripped off... Codemasters really blew it on 2015... Game is full of bugs and completely unstable... can't go more than 15 min before the POS crashes... I know is not my computer as I can play Witcher 3 max settings on my X99 SLI 980 Ti rig for hours with no issues.... I can also play F1 2014 on max settings for hours with no issues... Let's hope 2016 is not a disaster....
76561198027103718,Not Recommended,286570,17307678,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Top Shotta,Frame rate drops!!
,Recommended,286570,17003341,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Liquidboard,"Seems like most people are complaining about buggy menus and bad graphics. I bought this game so I could race, not menu hop, and Codemasters has created a good racing game. I want to say it's the best version they've come out with in terms of accuracy, feel, and realism.I thought I wouldn't like that they got rid of ""Career"" mode, but honestly the only difference is you cannot name your character, big woop. (Oh and they got rid of the beginner driving thing at the start, this is a positive).My only two complaints I have and they are pretty nitpicky, I was hoping for formation laps and manual pitting (instead of auto piloting to your crew). But then I realized (especially in multiplayer) people would fail to land on their real position on the grid, or run over their pit crew, and complain about that instead of setting up their graphics wrong.Overall, great game, pro season is awesome. Very tough (What I want). I'm still on Autrailia P1 trying to get within 5 seconds of hamilton"
,Not Recommended,286570,17036300,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Xoranium,"Nice drivability, absolutely SHOCKING graphics... its just another crappy console port!"
76561197987118057,Not Recommended,286570,16967608,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,f1computerspaul,"Sat waiting for the game to start.Soon as I did I had to set the display up so thought run a benchmark to get the best graphics for my system.4 attempts later stil havent got a completed benchmark.Just done a basic race and the game is good but many flaws in it so far,No driving out of the pits manualy its all computer.no prade lap,No safety car big dissapointment.Ai not the best some strange mistakes. Also car in front blew his engine very poor effects and then turned into a see through car and took me off in to a wall I broke my endplate and was retired due to car been too badly damaged.Video replay looked like i had a giant sparkler as a car . Smoke blowing out with millions of sparks.These are what are needed on the first patch1. Better Ai2. Safety Car3. Drive out of pits manualy4. Drive into pits and be able to activate pit limiter manualy too early u lose time too late you get speeding in the pit lane.5. more realistic damage at moment looks like we gone back in time on the damage model.6."
,Not Recommended,286570,17036050,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Moose,"Codemasters should be embarassed and the FIA should honestly look at hiring a different developer for future titles.  The icing on the cake was that they have removed access to the game's files, so it's no longer possible to go in as a community and fix bugs for them."
,Not Recommended,286570,17198605,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jwsoat14980,LOTS OF GLITCHESNO SAFTEY CAR!!!!!waiting for F1 2016!
76561198046306038,Recommended,286570,17140589,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Pope Sojo,"This games is awesome. When you win it's more realistic than 2014,13,12. Driving is more fun and realistic. I recomend this for all f1 lovers."
76561197961175948,Not Recommended,286570,17164410,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,castrol,"Nothing to be said ""mostly negative"" says it all. This hash, should be taken off sale straight away."
76561198017431196,Not Recommended,286570,17652180,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[SBB] IRONEDDIE,this game is garbage
,Recommended,286570,17364687,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,The-SA-Gamer,"Its not a perfect game. A few minor bugs and glitches here and there. One majour crash but that was because of my drivers, not the game. So far i have really enjoyed it and as a FORMULA 1 fan myself, i definetly reccomend this game."
76561198054192024,Not Recommended,286570,22123125,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[WPC] June J Trump,"This game should be thrown in the garbage, this game is garbage...Game basically only supports steering wheels, forcing the gamer to get a wheel, I dont want a wheel ! Gamepad user's lose control at high speeds, no traction equals uncontrolable (2012, 2013 could play with no traction control not 2015), toe in/out swings the car back and forth if I wanted that I would instead play NASCAR. Game needs a patch for corners REALLY! now the problem is fixed yet online there's no strict corner rules because no one drives realistic.....Thats just my opinion"
,Not Recommended,286570,17342447,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mogalana,"Unable to even start game. Cheers , Was fine before patch 4 and have followed all tips on forums and such with no results. Was a nice game, now it I wish I didn't get it from STEAM. Thank you steam and codemasters for robbing me."
76561197989943001,Not Recommended,286570,16970348,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,★Nitro3000dk™,i have okay good pc and i can only run it link 8 Fps FIX it
76561198010404020,Not Recommended,286570,17520161,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Dogsbody,Getting bored with this game now.......i am using a joystick (black widow) no matter how many times i try and programme it into the game the accelerator wont work ie pushing the joystick forward it just sits there until i am disqualified. Also how do i exit out of the game??? i cant get out of the damn thing..im thinking this was a waste of my money.
76561197962150203,Not Recommended,286570,22211274,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,QUACHIMBA,Is it so hard to have a mouse cursor in this?
,Recommended,286570,17868410,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,aoi aoi anosora,"Insane graphic,good gameplay, no crash/glitch/bug9/10*no safety car"
,Recommended,286570,25642251,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,michael.martin40,Really enjoy this game the track detail it very good
76561198002236155,Recommended,286570,18160327,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Scorpio7a,"Took me a little while to get a grip with the steering (pun intended!) but once I got that sorted I started to really enjoy the game. Garphics are great, wet weather racing is a challenge! :)Totally recommend the game :)"
,Recommended,286570,18296759,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,FranR,"Just drove a quickrace and loved it. It looks and plays better than 2014 - so I'm happy. Plus - we got Max Verstappen :D Can't wait to get him on the podium! (loved that addition, you actually see them on stage shaking the champagne bottles)"
,Recommended,286570,18873267,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Leader,"Great Game, just wish it would not crasg to desktop all the time."
76561198159054052,Recommended,286570,19016515,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Midnight Survivor,"After sometime of this game being out I can finally say it is fixed and running perfect on my computer with no issues what so ever and they have also added an ultra high setting as well so the game looks even better than it did on release. The game is now one of the best f1 games I have played and it is now perfect due to the new update. however the lack of a saftey car takes away from the game but hopefully codemaster will keep updating this game now that they have fixed all the bugs, 8/10"
,Recommended,286570,18062078,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,AlexyGalaxy,"Pwah, PUT YER READING GLASSES ON! I'm delivering an indepth review.Ok where do I start. I've followed Codies ever since Colin McRae Rally 2.0 (as stated in my previous reviews for Codies games) as an avid racer I couldn't wait to see what they could do with their first Next Gen release for Formula One.Well for a start I can see a repeat of their first series into the F1 Franchise with F1 2010. No safety car, non-dynamic weather, average AI. But that slowly built up as the sequals were released so I am hoping next years game will be more feature full.Focusing on this game. F1 2015 brings the 2015 season and the 2014 season into one package for the next gen consoles.GRAPHICS: The engine has been rebuilt (so they say) and everything has been reworked. The game looks and feels great, running at 60fps at 1080p on both my laptop, and my PS4 and looks absolutely stunning. The game looks its best in the wet weather where the detail is immense!HANDLING: The handling of the game has been reworked so the car feels more realistic but I feel the car is almost way to easy to stop under braking. It feels like ABS is always on, even though I don't use the Driving Aids. Wet weather conditions will make any racer nervous to stray off the racing line to attack, as you will most likely end up in the gravel.DAMAGE: This is one big letdown. The damage model of the car is virtually unchanged, while it may be easier to clip your front wing, its taken a backwards step compared to other games like Project Cars, rFactor 2, Asseto Corsa. Even their own DIRT Rally has a better damage model and it was released before F1 2015. There seem to be NO MECHANICAL FAILURES, like brakes, ERS failure, flat spots and the only time i get a puncture is if I deliberatly punt the car into the wall hard enough.AI: The AI have been reworked as well, I play on legendary settings and they seem to manage their tyres better while still keeping up with me, often performing better. I tried some tyre savings but dropped off the pace, may have to change my tactics. AI like to make mistakes, sometimes clashing with each other and losing a front wing but nothing special compared to f1 2013. Another thing is if an AI hit you (yes HIT YOU) they tend to push your car into the wall, or spin you, while they continue as if there was no contact.REPLAYS/FLASHBACKS: Replays now allow you to see the action from not just your car, but any car you wish so you can see just how awesome that crash was. However the replays are slighty broken as once you perform a flashback you cant go back and rewind further. This made me lose a race as while overtaking a backmarker on the last lap I got hit and spun into a wall, as I used a flashback I hit the button too late and it flashbacked to after the spin and was unable to use the feature again to get out of it.SETUPS: Setups are ok, a few nicks from me, I cannot change a setup during a quick race with no practice and no qualifying. Or if it rains while the qualifying was dry on low downforce packs the AI seem to have a leading edge in the rain, almost like their setup changed. Funny that.In closing the game is the start of new things to come, it has bugs, its not feature full but its a good start of the Next Gen series. Compared to Dirt Rally (the sister game released prior) it feels like the F1 games don't get the development they need to be a great game for racers and feels unfinished. I still recommend this game however."
,Not Recommended,286570,17013047,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TeaKay,Frame rate issues and crashes at the moment.
76561197970930676,Not Recommended,286570,23364762,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Retrofly,"Rubbish, when you comapre it to other racers on PC this falls way behind in terms of handling and force feedback. in this day and age theres no exscuse. Refunded."
76561198122723008,Not Recommended,286570,17522218,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ecluzel2509,I have play few hours at this game and it's good because for the first time is able to disabilities person as me. But the race strategy bugs a lot when you dry tyres and it's raining .So please to doing a patch because this game is a honely cheat .Thanks
76561198053707359,Not Recommended,286570,18905471,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mullamundie,Using the logitech GT 27 it doesnt work.
76561198020003030,Recommended,286570,17148055,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BlueHawk,"Great game! :) f1 2013 was gr8, f1 2014 was better, f1 2015 is much better than both. Action, race fever/ flair, realistic, awesome graphics and sequences. Only a few corrections needed, but thats ok and normal. Great job done on this game :)"
,Not Recommended,286570,18715248,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Lambert2191,Qualifying for Australia:Me - 1:28ishHamilton - 1:29ishPerez - 0:36ishHulkenberg - 0:37ishthe ♥♥♥♥?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=542153318
,Not Recommended,286570,18942924,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,R_Soto350,"I reccomend F1 2014 and F1 2013 (especially the edition with the classic cars) over this game, as I personally don't like the new physics engine or the gameplay. I bought it when it was on sale a while ago, only played it for 45 minutes and gladly refunded it. There was also a lag when in a race with the full grid for some reason."
76561198049800132,Not Recommended,286570,19594635,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,dsharick,"race 2015 every day. hoping for frame rate fix.15 minutes of time wasted and money farted away. at least i have all of the other f1 sims,asseto,raceroom and iracing.to satisfy my hunger."
,Not Recommended,286570,18589229,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,QasimAli,Too many bugs at launch. Forgivable.Modding disabled. Unforgivable.
,Recommended,286570,19895415,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JsN,I love this Game I know it has no Positiv Rating but I just love it...+Nice Graphic+Good Performance+Nice Handling+High Realistic Level-No Safty Car-No Coop or Splitscreen
,Recommended,286570,17452159,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Rowr,"Probably not as bad as made out to be. The racing is fantastic, though the AI needs to be toned down a bit as it's far too agressive in many places (either that or at least have an option for more realistic race incident rulings, these backmarkers...seriously). As an example, Monaco is unplayable unless your difficulty settings are such that you can lead the entire race.Haven't had many technical issues aside from some strangeness with resolution settings across a 3 monitor setup. Wheel settings needed tweaking for logitech driving force GT."
76561198052823243,Not Recommended,286570,19837385,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,bryan.conant,"I Just cant bring myself to play any more, while the graphics, physics, and AI out match previous versions, this version severly lacks on realism in the sport. unable to make career choices ( 3 nonadjustable set ups) unable to really tweak your car after quali or practice, and no SC. really? how the hell do you expect to have a race with accidents and not have a SC or any red flags? I think I'll reinstall my older versions."
76561198313565004,Recommended,286570,24312320,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Gengx36,"Game really good, sound good, must try!"
,Not Recommended,286570,24183271,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheSiddler15,"Wheel support is just terrible! So if you're planning to play this game with a wheel, you probably better off skipping this one. I'm using a Logitech |G25, maybe other wheels work better...? First of all, degrees of rotation is screwed up. If you set it to 900, it just doesn't make sense at all. It isn't one to one. At the moment I'm using 360 and it's not perfect, but sort of okay. Then about that force feedback, it's just terrible again. It just doesn't communicate what the car is doing and just feel terrible and  no road. how am I suppose to race with that?!? AIso AI crashed into me a bunch of time in the short time I've played the game."
76561197972057979,Not Recommended,286570,22310114,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,furnaman,looks nice does run smooth. The controler issues are just to many especialy with wheels g25 and a g27
,Recommended,286570,17171180,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Gusticles,"After a bad start when F1 2015 was released, i genuinely thought i'd wasted my money getting the game. Now though, after all mthe updates that have been implemented to the game, my perspective has completely changed. More challenging, realistic, fun and competitive compared to the previous F1 releases. Codemasters had done a fantastic job with f1 2010 through to 2013, 2014 let them down a bit as the final game appeared to be just a car/sound update of 2013.There are still areas of the game that need improving: parc ferme needs fixing so that tyres used in Q2 are locked for the race start unless its alternate weather, own use of ERS was promised by codies but so far hasn't appeared. Also, multiplayer still doesn't support a full compliment of 20 human racers, still the 16 from the previous titles.Lets hope Codies can improve upon the current situation, but overall a good start for their first next gen F1 project.Rating 7/10"
76561198152258280,Recommended,286570,19222931,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ron Harrison,"Well the patch that came out Novemder 12 2015 at least on some peoples computers made the race not start at first it sounded like a good update but it wasn't AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!When the game first came out it was great then some patches broke multiplayer and the game went downhill from there Its worth the $54.99 if it works on your computer but if it does't I strongly suggest you return it before you cant.Pros.Used to have good multiplayer, Hopper lobbies are now brokenGreat graphicsgood simulation (even used the same physics for F1 2016Cons.weird to play with a keyboardthe career mode is broken for meyour tire will dispear sometimestakes an extreamly powerful computer to run itIve have played lots of other Codemasters game Grid 2, Grid Autosport, Grid, the Dirt franchise, F1 2012 basicly your best option is to get F1 2014 or 2013 as they have alot more content as far as modes and a career mode, online that actually work.   Its sad to Codemasters go down like this they used to make great and polished game I hope they can turn themselves around!"
76561198068818711,Recommended,286570,18805474,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,¤CvG¤™ smm1114,The uninstaller works great.20/10
,Recommended,286570,24542775,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/ami326,"Truth be told, I bought F1 2015 simply because I'm a Formula One fan. Yet the game itself surprised me with the beauty of the sport. Authentically delicate, all the scenes seem so real, and the races are exhilarating!I'm not very good at this kind of game (keep rushing right into wall and spinning on straight line), so I didn't play it often. But overall, I would say the game is considerably enjoyable~In a word, worth the price.P.s. GO!!! #TeamNR6!!!"
76561198274763077,Not Recommended,286570,22097404,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,neonpinball,"I am so confused.  This game is incredible on the PS4, the graphics are great, the gameplay is fabulous, the T300 Wheel settings are perfect and adjustable in every way.   It is so much fun.  This game on the PC is HORRIBLE.   What happened, I don't understand.  Hopefully they can update this game, becuase right now it is unplayable."
,Recommended,286570,18164084,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Andreww0901,I love this game even thought the keyboard controls are a bit messed up but with an xbox one controller its amazing
,Not Recommended,286570,21981231,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,kãrhu,ei ura moodia??? peli pilalla!
,Recommended,286570,18637341,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dk,"No safety car and the AI can't handle monaco, but other than that it's the best playing F1 game they've released so far."
76561198054534845,Recommended,286570,20917343,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DrDetroit,"I bought this racing sim/game recently and love it.  I'm only about 7-hours into it, but wow, great job with this release.  I just ignored all the negative reviews and jumped right in, knowing most of the negatives were prior to the many patches and fixes. My intorduction to 2015 was after all the new release hoopla and problems (just purchased 01/30/2016), and long after the patches and bug fixes were released, so I do not and have not suffered from all the issues you see in reviews that are 1-6 months old.   Also it's smooth as silk running at max settings with 1920x1080 resolution AMD 8320 8-core.I have 2014 as well and have fully enjoyed that on the PS3 and also just bought it for my PC, adding some nice graphic mods - 2014 is great looking in it's own right but with the new visual mods it's fantastic and with very cool game play options.  With that said, 2015 looks a little better but not a huge leap from 2014 imo, especially with visual mods added to 2014 - but 2015 looks better non-the-less unmoddd thus far.  The one thing is I don't see MSAA antialiasing, which is weird that 2015 wouldn't have that setting.Now the car and handling are much improved (ie harder to drive) with much better physics over 2014.  Need a very light touch on throttle and brakes or you'll feel like your driving on an ice rink (I only use medium TC assist, nothing else).  You have to finess the car handling and acceleration if you want to keep from crashing.  The first impression is the very real sensation and ""feel"" of driving the real thing; a highly unstable and fast F-1 racer - much much moreso than 2014.After driving 2015 for a several hours with practice laps/time trials, I jumped into 2014 and with all assists off it was almost easy and a little ""rail like"".  After all the difficulty I have with pushing the new 2015 platform it makes jumping into 2014 a much easier drive.  The actual feeling of driving in 2015 is there in all it's glory, muchmoreso than 2014, and '14 is no slouch imo (I know the iRacing guys will probably laugh).  So I'll do most of my heavy practicing in 2015 and use 2014 to race online and for it's neat carreer mode and vintage racers.And the audio in 2015....wow, that is something I noticed immediatly...so much fuller, louder, rich and deep.  The car and engine audio is leaps and bounds above 2014, very immersive.  The car, it simply screams!!I've not done any career races or online racing yet in 2015, so not sure about the AI or how well career mode is.  I do know you drive as a real driver, not as yourself, which is odd to me.  The career mode in 2014 is pretty cool, you get to do well and sign with better teams.  Not so with 2015 which is a dissapointment - oh well.As for multiplayer, I guess there are still issues with the netcode for 2015 so it seems as of right now most of the online F1 leagues are racing with 2014 until Codeies fix 2015 multiplayer - hopefully soon.All in all I'm loving it so far.  Not that deep into it yet, but I'm working on it.  I'd definately recomend it.  I just don't see where all the hate is coming from as I don't see anything that would merit it at all in its current state.  I assume alot of it comes from the pre patch versions, but who knows.  Expectations can get out of control I guess.EDIT:  Oh, one thing - no trackIR support for 2015 far as I can tell.  It works for 2014, but can't get it to function in 2015.My $.02 worth!Good day,DrDetroit"
76561198090867581,Recommended,286570,21224747,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BENKO,I like it a lot. Some people said that this isn't a great game. But I tell you that this is a very good game. 9/10
,Not Recommended,286570,16974379,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tomy LEE,"This is game is so bad that i cant handle anymore, Graphics are really worse than previous games, theres a lot of bugs, controllers are not acting like it should... Multiplayer... spent like 1hour to find a match lol"
,Not Recommended,286570,20705992,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,king2777,it migt be a good game if your wheel works
76561198000188635,Recommended,286570,18083841,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Wolok,"game seems to be working very well now, 2 full seasons and no bugs to report thanks for the fixes codemasters!"
,Recommended,286570,20378212,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,이가현,"Basically a fun, challenging game. Just that online players screw with your car again and again. I play championship mode most of the time but its still a good game. If your into racing games, this would be the one :D"
,Recommended,286570,19025817,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Bobba Ganush!,Best realism yet only real drivers can love the challenge! Had graphic bug but I just turned on vsync and then no problems.
76561198195534711,Recommended,286570,28637956,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,IPhone_Pro,"I've seen some games like this in the past, but they aren't as good as this one. Lets just forget about all the glitches and stuff you personally think should be in the game but aren't, and think about the good things about this game...When you put it that way, it is a pretty decent game...Sadly, it doesn't work that way,Sorry Codemasters,- From, probably your biggest fan,- Exotic"
76561198297319262,Recommended,286570,29771862,Posted: 7 February,all,RKB,Amazing love it
,Not Recommended,286570,25019774,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Retro,"A trial version for 2016. I can't help but think this was a trial run for next year. A new engine that was vastly improved over the old one, codies were definitely going in the right direction. It just needed that tidying up over the edges, and thats what really lets it down.I didn't even get the achievement for completing the pro race, and that says it all for this release tbh.5.5/10"
76561198128828635,Recommended,286570,17237114,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,McWw3,keep trying to have a game but fps keeps dropping and dont seem to go back up and its not our job to give feedback on a game what should be in perfectly working order. I mean we dont pay 30 to 40 pounds to tell the team on how to fix THEIR game
,Recommended,286570,21377452,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Al-Batata,Its better than the last one but still needs some more content and features.
76561197990525678,Not Recommended,286570,23989956,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,artefacts,"I am just learning to play these F1 games and went to go out on track, 15 minute practice.  First time played the game and lost all configs /settings to wheel and accelerator and brake.  Where do I go from here??Help please"
,Not Recommended,286570,30881975,Posted: 1 April,all,rishabh6921,"I have been playing this game since almost a year and so far it gave no issues, but now all of a sudden it is lagging and the audio is tearing. The game has become almost unplayable."
,Recommended,286570,17139576,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,EZZA,"Funny how almost everyone else who has bought this game is suffering from all kinds of issues and problems with it. I haven't had any kind of issues whatsoever with F1 2015 since l preordered it and downloaded it on day one. The game looks and runs perfectly on my PC. I guess it's just a matter of luck if you'll have problems or not with this game. If you are a true F1 fan and have a decent rig, this game is a defo buy for you. Codies have outdone themselves for F1 2015 - the AI is awesome, they actually give you a run for your money, especially in Legendary-difficult mode."
76561198061528244,Recommended,286570,17033383,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TuffersWarnie,"I've never written a game review before but felt compelled to after all the negative reviews on here.  I had some initial issues with menus/graphics but now the game seems to be running smoothly (at least on my rig) here are some thoughts:1. Graphics - much has been made on here of the blurring and I experienced this myself initially.  Once I realised the game was selecting the onboard graphics by default rather than my dedicated graphics card I was able to change my card settings and it was like playing a different game.  On ultra settings the game is visually very good and the sense of speed is palpable.2. Control - I'm one of those troglodytes who still uses the keyboard so I can't comment on the gamepad/wheel issues experienced by others.  Keyboard preset 2 appears to be unusable due to some glitch in the handling when you select that preset but using the standard keyboard setup the handling is very good.3. AI - a lot has also been made of cars running into the back of you in races.  In the quick race I tried, the only time someone ran into the back of me was when I made a stupid driving error.  Otherwise the cars behind behaved very well and the pressure of the pack breathing down my neck really added to the feel of the game.Overall I would give this a big thumbs up.  Hopefully the bugs will be rectified quickly so that everyone can enjoy the experience."
,Not Recommended,286570,16968226,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,xXDelusionalX,"Frame rate poor, when in pits frame rate drops even lower and when doing a benchmark test the game crashes so cant find optimal settings anyway."
,Not Recommended,286570,23635266,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,JMTRacing,"I'd rather a F1 2014 ""Copy and paste"" than this."
,Recommended,286570,17182618,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,moonman,"Dank game, some bugs here and there, but pretty dank all around."
76561198042771683,Recommended,286570,17072989,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Yertle The Turtle,This game is much better than F1 2014 even with the bugs:IA Improved (still sucks sometimes)Graphics Improved (Wish could be possible to turn the blur off)Gameplay Improved (But harder than f1 2014) (Besides safety car been removed)The game still can improve in a lot of ways but right now I give it a 7/10 because of the bugs and problems but besides that the game is very fun to play.
76561198101983611,Recommended,286570,17026882,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,jarkko.kautto5,"Nice game, I like it!"
76561198030894286,Not Recommended,286570,17258656,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,drc74cs,In 2010 I bought a new computer with the latest in graphics  and audio specifically to play the F1 series.In 2011 the update was so much more in terms of computer requirements that I fried that year old video card. Spent $500 on a new one. The next updates all worked fine through 2014.Now this. I can't even get my system to open a quick race. I am not upgrading this system again. I would like a refund!
,Recommended,286570,16970541,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,iLikeGam3s,"I played all of codies f1 titles, i love this one. I like the AI, handling, playing it on a g27 . Just fun to drive."
76561197976265735,Not Recommended,286570,18254836,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Hoff,A back step from the last few games. Graphically it looks awful. It is a horrible blurry mess on the PC. No basic MSAA at all. The framerate sucks at many areas. Even my Titan X at 1080p cannot keep 60fps 100% of the time on some tracks with rain etc and some tracks without. Unacceptable.
76561198024473573,Recommended,286570,17727533,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,jd_c_2,"ok so i waited and waited for the reviews on this game to improve - they didnt... so i bought it anyway. i have no real issues, it has crashed once in single player, in single player mode it has been fine other than that one time.the game play is good the graphics are good my pc is (NOT BRAGGING) ♥♥♥♥ing excelent, and i think that might be where others are experiencing problems a machine that is stuggleing to run it. not played MP yet so no comment there.if you have a up to date spec pc and racing is your thang.....BUY IT!!!!"
,Not Recommended,286570,21818987,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,OctofragNL,"bad handeling of the cars , feels somethimes like a boat"
76561198051755671,Not Recommended,286570,23509530,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jasonhawkins41,"Pure Garbage, Wheel support is a joke and same goes for the pedals. Get your crap together codemasters."
76561198183912931,Not Recommended,286570,23443394,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,tifoso0506,Not the best F1 game. There is no career mode and no safety car.
76561198002145771,Recommended,286570,17115830,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Willy,"Pls add career mode.Great racing game, a few glitches on Multiplayer but needs a few things that were taken out like the career mode."
76561197992765824,Recommended,286570,17109618,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Galactica28,Are there bugs? Yes. Should the game have gone through more strenuous testing before being released? Yes. But F1 2015 is a huge step in the right direction. This game was built on a completely new engine. You can't expect all the features to be there in the first release. The features they did include get back to the roots of F1 racing. The Pro Season mode is fantastic and really adds that missing piece of immersion. I'm not missing the lack of career mode like I thought I would. The handling model is much improved and the AI are balanced much better. The AI (yes they still have quirks) are much improved and won't concede a corner very easily like before. I've had a blast playing F1 2015 so far and no doubt it sets up a great base for the next few years of games!
,Not Recommended,286570,24097126,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Manaka,Why you resist? You'll suffer more.go away.
,Not Recommended,286570,23973637,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Michael Caine,This game compared to 2010-2014 is just horrible.  The game locks up and I have to reconfigure everything each time I start it up.  I do not recommend it unless you need more frustration in your life.
76561198131839416,Recommended,286570,20054595,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jimmiles33,"Sadly all of these bad reviews are super old. Does the game crash every now and then (once every couple days)?Yes.Is multiplayer broken?Yep.Is this the smoothest, most fun, best handling F1 game of all time?You bet it is. I was a bit nervous too but I made the jump. The racing is amazing. The driving is the best it has ever been.It is not worth the $55 they are asking but on sale, yes buy this game it runs quite well on my 270x on high settings."
,Recommended,286570,21111791,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nick Cookie #45,Flashback Simulator 2015
76561198092279894,Not Recommended,286570,24011335,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WolfBossXL,it is not fun at all
76561197986486680,Recommended,286570,17238640,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,sundance_svk,I've encountered zero issues so far. And I'm having really good time. I quite do not understand why there is so many negative reviewes. 9/10 for me.
76561198111835216,Recommended,286570,17231043,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,CUBlue32,"Purchased after the most recent patch. There are still some minor graphical glitches such as the back right tire flickering in and out in certain view modes but overall this game is very good now. The graphics and handling are much improved and really are quite ridiculous when you turn them all the way up. You get a good feel for how your cars handling changes as the race progresses and all of the modes are pretty accessible, (I have not tried the very hard pro mode yet). I would recommend getting a steering wheel for this game as it is difficult to play with anything else. I do have a fairly new gaming setup so keep that in mind when considering my review.Graphics- 8/10 would be 10/10 if there were not the minor annoying glitchesGame Modes- 7/10 fairly typical for a racing game but its tried and trueNew Handling System- 10/10 i really enjoy this aspect and its a big improvement from 2013 which is the last F1 game I played"
,Recommended,286570,21109131,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,LlewMeister,"Ignore all the hatred that this game receives. It's really an awesome game on the graphic and gameplay side. In the beginning I struggled to get my steering wheel to work, bit I sorted it out quickly. I recommend this game for anyone who wants an awesome F1 game"
,Not Recommended,286570,21935718,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Philg_85,"One of the worst F1 games ever.I want it so I can play against my friends who also have it, however it you just want it to play a career mode of offline only Dont get it.No Safety Cars, Poor Ai. They take you out when you not even raicng them.Example, I was on the straight in Australia heading for turn 7 I hadn't even begun to brake and I had a car take me out on the straight.Get F1 2013 or 2014. Ai is Much better."
,Not Recommended,286570,21957852,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Olitiger,This is the worst ♥♥♥♥ing game they have produced. I dont know how they could make it so ♥♥♥♥ing bad. Its like when you step in♥♥♥♥♥♥and you get angry. Its that ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥...
76561198151254230,Recommended,286570,18042525,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,OxygenBoy85,"This game is awsome if you like single player. Though there do need a few patches in the game to make it better. Like when I was in tv  pod cam with lewis hamilton when the rear left wheel keeps disappearing then coming back in the left mirror. Dont know if it happens to other drivers. Very distracting tho. ( one to think about codemasters ) but on the whole, very good game, Thanks for putting it on steam."
76561197970929947,Recommended,286570,17983609,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ATse7en -F1AK-,"The visuals & Handleing are the best to Date. Games now, Especially Sports/Simulator games have to have a career mode. Come on Codies its a no brainer. Will still recomend this but only for diehard F1 sim fans."
76561198135654740,Recommended,286570,18493628,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,desertplantz,so unbelievabley fun.  huge difference.  the game just looks really great!  great job codemasters
76561198277444900,Not Recommended,286570,22424522,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rasbazz,"I got it on sale for half price and would be really dissatified if I paid full price. At half price I'm ""Meh"" on it at this time. So far I can't even get through a ""quick race"" without being pit manuvered by another car placing me at the back of the pack per race. That's gets pretty boring to constanly have happen. I have F1 2013 and been using it for like four monts also iRacing(bought direct from their site) for the same amount of time have a T-100(yeah entry level but affordable fun) so not like I'm brand new to FFB racing. F1 2013 I do take 1st place now and then Intermediate most assists off so also not a pro(to keep things clear). F1 2015 if tapped by another car you might as well just start the session over if you are trying to just get in the top ten for points let alone a podium stance. Wont happen. Slight tap and your into the gravel, a wall, other cars, time penalty, black flag(nice band bad for racing though lol). Ding time trials is pretty good though. Great graphics. The crew engineer is sort of nasty though. The feeling of the handling of the cars is better then F1 2013 IMO more realistic to the reality thing(no I haven't driven a actual Formula car, have had real cars that I wrenched on to make handling and all the rest better for racing so compared to those. One was full race suspension and steering, engine was mid rally. Boy does the auto insurance go way up scheezz!!!). I read all the bad reviews before buying 2015 but at half off I took a chance. I'm very boarder-line on recommend and not recommend but went with not because I just now once again got pit maneuvered into 17th place on the last turn of Monza after holding 1st place the rest of the race. I'll have to say I don't like doing reviews that are bad but after what just happened go figure. Besides, other people will have voiced my opinion already and much more eloquently too."
76561198191712113,Recommended,286570,21130245,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zamasú,This game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love formula 1
76561198015843425,Recommended,286570,16967293,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,LaDuchessHighness,"So far so good. My Renault Engine hasn't blown off yet...neither has my computer!GTX 970I5 469016GB RamEverything at max, 60 FPS.+ Lots of graphic options+ Sounds+ 2014 or 2015 season, you choose.+ Seems well optimized- TXAA and SMAA makes the game blurry- Controller support (360) seems a bit off right now- Cutscenes run at 30 FPS.- Steam In-game overlay doesn't always work- No safety carHonestly, it's really barebone. The new graphic engine looks good, but like I said, a bit blurry. The cars control much differently with a wheel than with a controller, slippier with the former.There has been a patch released on July 10th to fix the crashes some users are reporting."
76561198149036899,Recommended,286570,16968721,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,alfaer,"Great job from codemasters. Regarding the gameplay, it really feels like a simulation, the step forward from the previous engine is huge. You can feel the car, the track, the wheels block generating understeer, you must be carefull with the throttle when accelerating... etc. The down point so far is that the car setup is not as crucial as it should be, but still the game is much closer from a simulator and I recommend it! I have been playing assetto corsa for a long time, and I have tried project cars, f12014 and f12015 was the first game to take my attention after assetto corsa, it is not the same level of simulation, but the driving feeling is great."
76561197984757108,Recommended,286570,16967358,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,HoneyBadgerSIX,"First off it's gorgeous. I mean absolutely stunning. I actually feel like I'm strapped into one of these beasts of auto innovation. You feel the raw power of the engine and the tyre wear is a lot more noticeable. Even on a 360 controller. If you're a formula fan and enjoy the previous installments of the franchise, then 2015 is a must. I've put in a full practice session at Melbourne and the track looks absolutely stunning. The engines sound pretty accurate as well.The only down side is I'll bet getting it for Xbox One also and probably play more on it since I can use kinect to chat with the race engineer. Not sure why it couldn't be done on PC but I'll leave that to the technical experts at Codemasters to explain(although it's not really needed). One last thing is the speed trap information I noticed they added but I couldn't find my speed, however watching the onboard video of the AI drivers I got a pretty good idea I was fastest through it.All in All so far 10/10 glad I bought it and saved $5USD."
76561197972044764,Recommended,286570,16987490,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,KyleAssassin,A good update to 2014.
,Recommended,286570,16996128,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kogru,"- AIAI are improved, they will try to keep their position and race side by side. They don't give up as easilly anymore. However they still go double file into the first corner on race starts which is completely bonkers and unrealistic. They are generally more competitive, however they still take some corners unrealistically slow or fast which is a real bummer.- ControlsIt's fine with a 360 controller, infact its very playable. Came 3rd as Raikonnen with no assists against expert AI in my first race. However, when first starting the game it couldn't recognize what i was using for acceleration. I had to go into control setup and rebind everything on my gamepad to make it work. Also there are no deadzone settings within the game (they do exist in XML files though) and the gamepad deadzone is way too small making going in a straight line quite scary.-  GameplayIt plays like the previous games, there really isn't a big difference. People who claim this to be anywhere near a sim have no idea what they are talking about. This is still extremely arcade and handholdy in nature, and thats ok for what it is. If you want a sim go play iracing, AC or RF2, this is a ""realistic"" game. The only real improvement to the ""physics"" and i use that term very loosely, is that it's not as frustrating as the previous years because you have a tiny bit more control.No career mode and i don't care. It has seasons (2014 and 2015) single race and time trial. I'm totally fine with that, i'd rather drive as Alonso or Vettel than as myself, seeing my real name in game was always extremely jarring.- GraphicsKinda rubbish, atleast for the requriements that are recommended. The AA implementation is terrible, its a blurry mess. You can turn off the motion blur in an XML file (again why is this not an ingame option?) but there is some seroiusly weird upscaling going on or something because the game looks bad, its like it runs natively at 720p. Also some serious LOD happening as things in the distance don't appear sharp until you are really close, not particularly good for a game when you are doing 200kmh/+ and a object hasn't loaded.- Final verdictIt's a good game at its core. The racing is more enjoyable than previous F1 games and there is some potential here. But its buggy as hell, it crashes, controls don't always work and the graphics are extremely sub par for a PC racing game. Yet i'm still going to recommend this game, but only if you are prepared to deal with bugs. Otherwise wait a month or two and pick it up, hopefully by then Codemasters will have fixed it up."
76561198008903814,Recommended,286570,16979528,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,REgenerator,"I feel like I should start off by explaining what exactly were my expectations for this title.First of all, it is a multiplatform title with a relatively short development cycle, so I certainly didn't expect mindblowing visuals. I also did not expect anything resembling sim-like physics. You can get that in iRacing, don't expect any of that here (or in Project CARS for that matter).I expected more emphasis on physics, however, and on car setups, though not too much.Also, I personally do not care for the career mode or anything of that sort. In all of my previous F1 games I played as Mr. Player One with a plain white helmet.I also expected a reworked AI. I played Project CARS and AC both, and in both cases I was very disappointed with the AI. Especially in Project CARS' case the AI was far too agressive.With that in mind, F1 2015 ticks almost all the boxes in my books. The visuals are solid, though not all that impressive, certainly not as good as Project CARS, but that was to be expected.In terms of actual driving, I was pleasantly surprised with the new physics model. It makes driving challenging, but it leaves you room for mistake, even with no assists on. The flexibility in terms of setups was also better than I expected. You can now change differential settings and there is no arbitrary ""ride height"" setting, now you change it by altering the suspension settings. For some reason there is no garage setting for brake balance. I am not sure if setup changes actually affect the performance all that much, but so far so good.The AI was by far the biggest improvement in my books. Now it actually tries to defend! AI drivers will at least try to keep their line into the corner, and they are much less prone to sticking to a line which will inevitably lead them into a gravel trap. That being said, they are still remarkably sluggish in the first couple of corners. You can gain a lot of positions there on any difficulty setting.The absence of the safety car is disappointing, but I knew about it beforehand.I have encountered a few glitches, most notably when the game would activate all of the assists when I tried to start a Pro Season. Creating a new save file solved that.As for the performance, I was pleasantly surprised here as well. I was a bit worried when I saw the recommended specs, but my laptop can run the game at very steady framerate (>30fps) at medium-high settings. I have an i7 4700MQ @ 2.4GHz, 16GB of RAM and a GeForce GTX765M. Not a slouch, but not a powerhouse either.Using a G27 wheel I did encounter the problem with weak FFB, but changing the wheel settings, both in-game and through Logitech software, fixed that.I do have a few minor complaints - for example I find the camera angles for looking left and right to be a bit too extreme. Also, I am not sure how to use the new voice commands, and whether they even work on PC. The game did not give me an explanation.Additionally, I have a few complaints about the realism side of things. While I appreciate the attention to detail (for the first time since F1 2011 all of the steering wheels are accurate!), I find it annoying that the game allows you to downshift into neutral and then reverse. Not something that can be done in an actual F1 car, mind you. Also, the Pro Mode is made unnecessarily difficult by the fact that very little race info is displayed on your steering wheel. Things like sector times, lap deltas, fuel levels, brake bias, and so on, stuff that even the most basic racing displays should have, are only accessible through your race engineer, who, at least for me, is only accessible through the convoluted new system that I don't quite understand.The damage model did improve as well - the front wing is a lot more fragile, and the crashes look somewhat more realistic. A lot of people ask for a more spectacular damage model, but Codemasters can’t add it because of the restrictions of the F1 game licence.tl;drOf course this game isn't perfect, but I will go as far as to say that this is perhaps the best F1 game since F1 2010. There are some off-putting points about this game (such as the lack of a safety car), but on the whole I think that this is a very solid release, and I am glad to see the series moving in the right direction.People have been reporting a plethora of glitches, but I've only experienced the one which left the assists on during the Pro Season, and even that is easily fixable. As is the case with a lot of PC games these days, the stability may be hit or miss, but I have not experienced a single crash or major slowdowns of any sort."
76561197987174692,Not Recommended,286570,17011975,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nats,"Its not a bad game but it has problems:Its too difficult for casual play - cars speed away from you even on very easy setting. And this is ona  straight so its no reflection of the quality of the driving. There no way they should do that on an easy setting.Controller setting are minimal. Its ok if you have an 'advanced wheel' (whatever one of those is) but I have a joystick and you cant config it at all. No sensitivity settings for travelling at speed so you waver all over the track. Plus the game when I played it kept losing my controller settings every time I restarted. Also when I set the controller to joystick I couldnt use Esc to exit a session the only way to get out of a session was to stop on a racetrack and get black listed! You cant even exit from the pits. Terrible settings, terrible configuration.The car AI is abysmal. They dont go around you they barge you off the track every time.Otherwise its not a bad game, graphics are good, I had no crashes in the short time I was trying the game, pits looked good, communications with the team were really good. And of course this is probably the only game where you can play the current season without mods.In the end I used Steam refund policy to try the game and ended up getting a refund and bought Project Cars which is a far far far better game all around. But even rFactor2 is better than this game in terms of options, immersion, AI and driving experience."
,Recommended,286570,17006577,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mysterion,"I'm honestly quite glad I tried it out before I refunded. Dispite all of the negative feedback for crashing I have not yet come into contact with any game breaking glitches.The game itself plays well, the optomization is superb (My current PC doesn't meet the  requirements and is still playable). The subtraction of thee career mode is a very large negative, as that and multiplayer were my most played gamemodes on previous installments.The season mode plays well, I got through a full 100% race with no major issues (Other than my engineer who told me to go on another set of inters as my oppoments switched to prime).Overall it is a solid game, maybe Codies can produce an update that give us the career mode everyone wants."
,Recommended,286570,16977302,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Huizka,"So far no crashes, runs great on gtx 980 and i7 2600k.Looks really nice, sounds good.Im more than happy, when comparing to earlier F1 games, im going to stick with 2015."
76561198037102458,Recommended,286570,16967950,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Fat Val,"Have owned all cm f1 games, this is definitely the most beautiful looking one by far. The handling also seems revamped, and tire wear is more realistic. There is no actual ""career mode"" but all that really was in the past was a custom helmet on an existing driver anyways, so no big deal. The ""pro season"" pretty much accopmlishes the same thing. Playing with a xbone controller atm, and all is working well. Will plug in the g27 soon and see how the feedback is. If its not up to par, I will be back to write more. Otherwise, I say its worth the $45 I paid.One complaint I have is that there aren't enough players in NA and I have to set geolocation in Steam to London, so I can get a multiuplayer match, but thats not new. Has always been the case."
76561198083317036,Not Recommended,286570,17526773,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,iPowers,DO NOT BUY IF YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOUR DOINGThis game requires alot of skill and if you dont have it the whole game is a waste of money. I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Recommended,286570,20167336,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BIZARRONO,"A classic Formula One simulator... a great game with fantastic graphics, sound and AI !!! Impressive !!!"
76561198017453575,Recommended,286570,17568898,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,CJ Gaming,I don't know why all the neg reviews i don't understand them at all this is a good game i'm playing it on a game pad and don't have any problems with it at all runs very well on my pc no drops in fps at all so far the ai are fun they do some very daft things they can fustrate you when your lapping them they don't always let you past when the blue flags are being waved but i guess that adds to it make it more of a chalange for you i know people are saying about the safety car is not on the game ok that's a big problem for somepeople but it don't bother me at all yes it would be nice to see it in the game they may add it in their next update but if they don't then o well the weather effects are bloddy brillant and you have to manage your tires witch for me playing on a gamepad is a bit of a headsore but it's all good fun  over all yes i think that this is a very good game and i think they will make it better as they patch it more and more
76561198014139798,Not Recommended,286570,18314994,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Morpheus,Im running the game with a G27 racing wheel and I cant seem to get the brakes out of line lock. What am I doing wrong?
76561198118364249,Not Recommended,286570,20843492,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Chewy,no it wont work for me and it is a message to do with the display wont launch or anything :steamsad:
76561198038251987,Not Recommended,286570,17447110,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,The Suspect,"Very bad game. Nothing works as it should, controls are messed up, car don turn properly,turns are impossible cause of that and no break assist. Menus are messed up, game over black flag comes instantly so you get 5 seconds of gameplay and then its all over. This game is so bad they should remove it from stores and codemasers should be sued."
76561198041832277,Recommended,286570,16977372,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Absurdist,"*Guys as a side note, please if you give me a negative review, please explain why in the comments. So I can see how to improve.**It might be worth adding, that I have not had any crashes in my first 6 hours of game time. So maybe if others are having that issue it would hurt their feeling about it, for sure. I can't report that as I am not having that problem.Tldr at bottom.------------------Bugs.There are bugs. The car gets stuck in second coming out of the pits in China for about 3 seconds. The points table somehow reset. etc. The rules regarding what tyres you start on appears to be insconsistant. etc etc.The good?The physics. They are good. No, it is not iRacing. But you can't floor it, you really need to feed the throttle in, especially if it's wet. You need to take care on the brakes. If it's the start of practice you feel how much grip you are lacking because of the green track. And at the end of Qualyfying, wow, just, the feeling of how far you can push the car. When you ace that lap, very rewarding. On the first lap of the long, long race. My god the car feels fat with fuel.The Ai is really good, ok, not perfect, but they actually will fight for position, if they have the inside, good luck keeping your place. The pace is really good through out the races too. If you pit early for fresh tyres, you gain time every lap and you can really feel it. But at the end of that long stint, god help you when your tyres are dead. So it's really interesting to play the longer races, I'm doing 50% fyi. It means you can really put stratagy into play, if you want to be the guy who comes from behind in the last five laps, ala Kamui, you can be that guy.The rain, is really good, the ai slows appropriately (unlike last years game), it really feels like that are driving the same cars. Actually, another nice thing is that the Ai varies their strategies. For example, if it starts raining, most will pit on the same lap, (your engineer will likely advise you to do the same), but some ai will gamble on swapping early or later, you can to and then you really become at the mercy of the rain.Tl:drCons:Bugs.Bugs.No personal names or helmets.No career or custom championship.Multiplayer seems almost impossible to join as of 20 minutes ago.Pro:Really satisfying physics.Real tyre and fuel stratagy.Solid Ai that is fluid.Summary:I only bought this years game because of the steam refund policy. Last years game wasn't good, the phsyics were off, the ai was not impressive. This year, they have really picked up the ball. My first few races have all been challenging, but satisfying. And each race has a story I can tell. There are bugs, quite a few, but, as long as they pull through with the bug fixing, this years looks like it'll be by far, the best codemasters F1 game.Good work codemaster. Don't ♥♥♥♥ it up, fix the bugs."
,Recommended,286570,21812928,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sorbetto™,"This game was a disappointment when it first came out. But with many patches and updates, now this game is the best Codemasters F1 game so far in my opinion. Especially the simulation-based handling model is satisfying enough. Also I think that Codemasters can use this game as a bridge for making F1 2016 a better game."
76561198079936507,Not Recommended,286570,22351083,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Philpot,game is glitch out for me front tires are lock up and i cant play its a great waste of money for me
76561198120733385,Not Recommended,286570,17264399,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TheScaniaBeast,"THE WORST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. And the annoying thing is, it cost me £40. Absoloute rip off! DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,286570,24097139,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,br^.^wnie,dog♥♥♥♥♥♥mate
76561198310854781,Not Recommended,286570,32773416,Posted: 25 June,all,dmilligan1984,I have F1 2014 and it runs ok. After this one the Devs forgot how to do their jobs or just do not give a sheet.  I will never buy another F1 game from this Dev again.
,Recommended,286570,16976161,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,jC.101,"Update 12/7Some more things I noticed:- AI pace in a drying track is inconsistent. At one point after pitting for options I was able to set fastest laps, whereas the AI, still on intermediates were still only3 tenths off my pace- In some of the broadcast replays, the cars in distance sound like remote control toys, especially noticeable at abu dhabi- FPS randomly drops below 30 for 1-2 secs- AI is very temparmental. They become suicidal at times and divebomb at times taking you out completely- Some minor graphical glitches at times- Really struggling with tire wear with the pad, even if I try my best to drive smoothly and on 'lean' fuel for longer periods-------------------------Having played all installments of codemasters F1 series, this is easily the best in terms graphics and handling. Even though the game is missing a lot of game features like splitscreen, online co-op, a career mode and scenario mode, if you really like racing and F1 in general, this is highly recommended.+ Great graphics, 1080p with stable 60+ fps on 970 gtx+ AI is much improved!+ Driving in the rain requires skill, but very satisfying to get right. Unlike F1 2014+ Broadcast presentation and replays highly add to the 'raceday' immersion- Weird blur effect in distance- Missing game modes impact the longevity- Really damped vibration on xbox 360 gamepad- Damage model?!- Occasional crash during quitting the game"
76561198049033524,Recommended,286570,17011030,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Scyph,"8/10Has everything I though it would have.better then 2014.60 fps with  PC: i7 3.5, 16g ram, GTX 680.My p4 controller works fine after dowloading 360 drivers andhttp://ds4windows.com/the port is better then what i though it be.cons2 to 3 crashs in 2hrs time$50+if your a racing/F1 fan this game is for you.if your a die hard of anyt other f1 games prob not."
76561197970670687,Recommended,286570,17037682,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,kg135035,"There is a lot of noise over how bad this is for the PC, but, with some patience and some careful study of the forums (both here and codeys), I do have the game running well.I wish the haters would try and spend some time to get to know this game for the PC instead of just going on about ""this game is crap, I can't play it,  I want my refund"". etc.Yes, the ""blur"" effect is not something for everyone. But I do not have an issue with it.The games plays well, I like the new UI feel and the commentarys. Having the latest driver lineup and cars is great as well.The AI needs some tweaking as well as the engineer audio (very hard to discern what he is saying).  Controller setup, as well, needs to be cleaned up. I do have my controllers working OK, with a bit of work.Overall it was worth the buy for me. I have been enjoying it very much. Is it perfect? Not quite. However, I am sure, with time and a few updates, it will develop into another great F1 game.Hope people can tune out the noise and give this game a chance.RegardsKevin G"
,Recommended,286570,16968611,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Comrade Richie,"WOW!!!! What an upgrade from previous titles. Love the TV style presentation. The game is a beast though gotta get some upgrades for my rig to see it in all its glory. But it runs well on my system;CPU: I7-3930K @3.2ghz, GPU: GTX 750TI, RAM:16GB, MOBO:ASUS RAMPAGE EXTREME IV, Win 7 Ult.Ok gotta get back to it!"
76561197982068543,Not Recommended,286570,32952499,Posted: 28 June,all,Trux,Runs poorly. F1 2016 is much better
,Recommended,286570,16995607,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cat Like Thief,"Ok so... the game has bugs, the xbox 360 controller bug is particuarly annoying! But.. when on track, this is most fun i have had with a codemasters F1 game. The car feels lively, especially under braking, in the wet it is a total handful! I actually need to use my wing mirrors against the AI in this game, they seem much more concious and willing to attack.Best of all.. in previous games i have felt like i was the only influencing factor in the race, if i didn't cause something to happen, it would be proceedural and finish to the expected result. Rather than action only happening directly around me, the race actually feels alive, overtakes, incidents and mistakes seem to happen around the track.Some of the previous features are missing, such as career mode.. the line from Codemasters is that people rarely finished career mode and wasn't worth the time, the response from the internet seems to disagree.. but ultimately this is something that they could change post release if they wanted to. And hopefully will.The audio in the game is brilliant, the engines sound much better than previous games, (particuarly the Honda)! And your race engineer is much more useful! The little race intros from David Croft (and Ant Davidson i think?) do bring more of an event feel to the race and good for the first time around, but i have already started skipping them.The core of the game for me is how the racing feels, and in that category this game is brilliant, their best yet. The missing game modes are garnish, the bugs will be fixed, the racing is what matters. Although this game feels as though it was rushed over the line, it is fun and challenging in a way that none of the previous games have been.I understand the frustrations of others but i can't enjoy this game as much as i have and give it a negative review. Thumbs up.. now fix the bugs Codemasters!"
,Recommended,286570,16972730,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Roman Bellic,It is amazing. So much better than the previous games. Thank you Codemasters
76561197970283549,Recommended,286570,16968768,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Bradley,"An impovement over the previous years both graphically and in the simulation.  You an really feal the difference between prime and options and it is much more noticable when the tires drop off or you get aero damage.  Graphics are better, but feel a little blury as if its lower res than last year.  More detail, but less sharp.  I miss the old career mode where you start on a minnow team and get job offers based on performance.  Also miss some of the engineering objectives, but maybe i havent seen them yet."
,Recommended,286570,16979110,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,D.,"As someone who has played every F1 game since the original Psygnosis game on the PS1, I would say this game is a hit, despite the poor reviews. After reading some before I launched the game I was thinking, oh ♥♥♥♥, not another Arkham Knight!Codemasters claim the game was built from the ground up, which usually spells disaster. I remember how Tony Hawk's Project 8 pretty much buried the series with its dreadful mechanics.That being said, it's a much needed change for this series which has stagnated over the past couple of iterations. The handling is easier to understand and far less twitchy. Overall presentation appears better, too. Definitely a step in the right direction.The performance is decent, getting 80-110FPS on my GTX 970 with all settings at max @ 1080p.There are some cons though.1 Blurry graphics at times, gives me the urge to wipe my glasses even though they're clean. This extends to granular detail on things that are seemingly not there or out of focus compared to the old versions.2 AI seem to enjoy doing PIT maneuvers on you, causing YOU to get the penalty.3 No safety car!4 No career mode5 Game crashes on exitThose saying it's the worst game in the series clearly haven't played F1 '98 or any of Sony's PS2 'efforts'.I hope for next year we can get an F1 Challenge 99-02 style game with multiple seasons that Codemasters have the rights to through a career mode. I doubt it, though."
76561198104278475,Recommended,286570,16974833,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Towelie,"from what i have played, ai is horrible, they seem to not care if you are there or not and will just go straight through you and no career mode on this? if i do championship you have to play it on a harder experience level to be able to have things such as flashbacks and collision."
76561198042983473,Recommended,286570,17033684,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Formanden DK,"So the new f1 IS HERE - If you can from the 2013 game as a did you would definitly feel different in handling the car. The car is MUCH more responds and it is very diffcult to drive the car now. Im using the xbox One controller and it is very hard now. Im looking for wheel controller now ....I ran into some bugs and had to restart the game but overall i really like the game.Pros:It's new and it has i nice feel ""when"" you have played it for some time.Better graphicNice wind and engine sound from a gameCons:Handling is hard and very new (if you come from 2013)Some fps issuses but not many (AMD  radeon HD6770)"
,Not Recommended,286570,23459652,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,FatalMistake465,When F1 games go on a features diet.....
76561198098400971,Recommended,286570,23673773,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,,I LOVE ITT
76561198032472860,Recommended,286570,17034481,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Colonel Dax,"Some of these review must be for a different game. It plays great, with wheels and peddles on a i7 with midrange video card. I had a isues with framerate but latest  video drives fixed that. Did my best time at SPA 1.53, with everything off but medium traction control and that was easy. Handling is great and AI is as well ... went wheel to wheel with Hamilton into Les Combes, through Malmeday and finally got by at Rivage. I am sorry others have issues but for me this has been a solid game."
76561198068565589,Recommended,286570,17115726,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,,"Everyone is complaining how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is. Its really not that bad, in fact it is really good. you guys are all saying that it crashes and it has a million glitches, it has not crashed for me, i play this game on ultra high settings, i get 60fps. dont listen to these other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s writing these reviews. all i can say about this game is, have a more then capable computer, i have a intel i5 4460 processor, windows 8.1 and a gtx 960, this game IS good, just need to fix a few glitches and optimize the game alittle better"
,Recommended,286570,17480495,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MrRandom287,"To all the people who are complaining about this game being a ""step back"" from the previous games. Although it might be, Codemasters needed to do this to go forwards.I, personally, am enjoying this game. (Sure there was a controller deadzone bug which meant that I couldn't play it for a week, but CM fixed it relatively quickly) The cars feel more natural to drive, reminds me of the EA F1 games."
,Recommended,286570,19149233,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,f1Emmet,good game
76561198084841887,Recommended,286570,17009249,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"Car physics have been completely overhauled since f1 2014 and feel much more realistic. The AI have also been updated, making for a much more challenging experience at the harder difficulties, while keeping it appropriately scaled for those who are new to the game and playing on easier difficulties. The graphics have also been updated and while they aren't a huge part in racing games, it's hard to not notice them when they look this good.Multiplayer has been changed somewhat with more 'preset' lobbies to search in and you can now compete in races or lap around a circuit in time trial while waiting to find/join a game, which is a great addition. However, the multiplayer is region locked as far as I can tell which is somewhat annoying.Career mode has been removed and replaced with a ""championship season"" mode. It's the same thing except you play as a real life driver rather than having your name on the screen. Some people seem to care about this, some even not buying because of this but to me it's not a big deal. Personally, I'd rather race as Ricciardo or Hulkenberg than replace them and race against their team mate. Split Screen co-op has also been removed but isn't really something that was important to me.Some people are reporting various bugs but personally I've only had minor issues with my G27 settings and having to reset them every time I launch the game. A minor thing really but I expect that will get patched relatively quickly.As someone who has bought many previous itterations of the F1 game series, I feel that this year, the changes are significant enough to warrant a purchase if you're unsure about buying the game, because it really is a new game you're getting, not just v1.2 of the previous year's game like it sometimes felt."
,Not Recommended,286570,33581115,Posted: 16 July,all,enzomine2018,WOULD NOT recommend this game.
,Recommended,286570,19348639,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tzukasa,"This is By Far the best F1 game to date as the AI aggressiveness, car handling, braking, weight shifting/balance, and traction have been improved by a factor of 10, at least. The FFB for wheel controllers is much better than any previous F1 game as well, which is good cause for a racing sim you really need a wheel controller (if you don't have a wheel I mean why even bother with a racing sim game?). It probably will require some fine tuning in the settings for dead zone, linarity ect. more than the previous games did but once you get it right the difference is night and day.Just make sure your wheel is supported on the site first. Also make sure you have the hardware, it Requires windows 64bit version and is a fully next gen game so if your rig doesn't meet or exceed the next gen consoles you might have performance issues. But if you do have a rig that's as good as a ps4 or xbone the performance, in my 100+ hour experiance, with an i7 and gtx780ti it's rock solid 60fps @ 1080 running ultra settings with vsync.The major bugs have been squashed and only a few minor ones are left, nothing game breaking really. Though the multiplayer is really lacking and poorly done, the single player is solid. Really the only thing lacking in single player, aside from the safety car which in over 100 hours with 2013 I think I saw once.. is that the career mode is now a single 19 race season where you pick to drive as one of the real life drivers rather than create your own driver. Thus at the end of the season now you either have to pick the same driver and go again, or pick a different driver, rather than in the other games at the end of the season you'd get contract offers to switch teams. It's the same effect if you actually think about it.. Seriously no difference, other than this time you get to imagine you're clicking a contract button instead but the effect is identical.. Really this is a minor thing and certainly shouldn't keep you from playing, as every single other aspect has been improved so very much it makes the older games look like pale imitations.Having played '13 & '14 here on steam the difference in simulation of the car is a generational shift. I can't properly express just how much better it is. The graphics are simply beautiful. Going back and playing '13 made my literally laugh at how poorly detailed it was. It looked like a ps2 game in compairision. It was also missing the proper scale that 2015 as well as the minor bumps and character that the tracks have which are present in the 2015 game. If it wasn't for the classic tracks and cars in '13 there would be zero reason for me to ever go back and play it. (edit: there is zero reason to go back to '13 as newer wheels g29/ts300 don't work with it, only g27 and older)All in all this game truly is the most immersive, graphically beautiful, and realistic F1 to date. Highly recommend to racing and F1 fans for singleplayer. If you want multiplayer, well don't look to Any F1 game they are all dead in that area heh."
,Not Recommended,286570,21950516,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,George,Doesn't support xbox 360 controller...for some reason.
76561198101004943,Recommended,286570,16967668,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Joker,"This game is like real life, true simulator, graphics are nice and just all are so damm good!"
76561198149008868,Recommended,286570,16987647,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,N8M8,"Shocking to find a recomended review?My pc is right in the middle of the road for this game, mainly lacking in graphics as my card is a GTX 650. im very positive the game would look great with a better card. there are a few bugs, yes. but this is a brand new f1 game so i expect this stuff to happen. when on track at first, the ffb in my wheel was way down. i turned everything up to 100 and now everything feels great. the gameplay is fantastic. the cars feel real compared to f1 2014. Although there is no carrer mode, i am plaesed with championship mode. legendary AI is EXTREMELY fast compared to myself, which isnt really a bad thing. I have full faith in this game being 100% in the future. codies will finally update their game and with that in mind i have faith.f1 2012 made me love f1, for a 17 year old kid, all i wanna do is race these missles, this game feels awesome."
76561198040109224,Recommended,286570,18326429,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,nermin,"But until its better so anywways, read this..Rain wet weather racing issues.Cart or F1, does not stay on the road after bends as it does when on dry surface. Please check the issue . The race should not be any different when we/dry race if it comes to Tyres.I feel like on Ice Ring.""Ladies and Gentleman it is Gretksy clyding around the Circuit, Give it UP!!!! ""BS Man!!!! why is it when i am on dry tyres I can drive around smoothly.But when it comes to WET Tyres my cart is heavier to Turn, in Which in one way is great when coming to full Hair pin turn but not realm when driving in and out of bends at 180 Km/ph or 250 or even 300, im constalty slowing down and getting beaten to the pole line. And pls fix how my Engineers are telling me about weather Conditions. I pit in and they put on Red Tyres""Softs"" on while its ranining. 2 Laps down while im racing in light-mid rain , Engineer comes on my radio and says ""Its getting Heavier now"".... eeerrrr Who put on the Bloody soft tyres in first place, so here i go bak to pits because AI determined that its dry, Yeah dry in my room and cosy for my PC but on screen i am seeing Rain!!! Come on dudes tell your Boss to Fix♥♥♥♥♥♥up!!!And Get over your Foot pedals maaaan, how many times will u b fixing that issue!!!Check other aspects of d game!!!!!!!!!! U reading this or what MR CODEMAN?"
76561198073471047,Recommended,286570,18413433,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,htoc2000,"China track, during the game a wheel pops up between 6 and 7 bend also to get into the pit lane goes tremendously slow!!Is that the way it is?What about the set-up for those who plays on keybords only!!! A better way to handle? Just saying, though.Anyhow, I like 2012 best just get the graphic right and ""VOILA"" also has some kick out of an old game."
,Recommended,286570,16986133,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Chookies,"IDK why all the negative, maybe people need to stop playing with potatoes. It never crashed for me while i was playing it, it plays good, more than 100 fps game  is fun."
,Not Recommended,286570,21021625,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Vacationist,final lap of a race- GAME CRASH
,Recommended,286570,16989683,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Chopperzac,Great game and improvement from F1 2014. I actually find this game challenging to handle with a wheel.
,Recommended,286570,17046369,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Clank24401,"Good Game, Great improvement compared to F1 2014, Love the Broadcast presentation. Shame about no Co-Op."
,Recommended,286570,17060423,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,NoobMasterRace,"in single player,game runs very good ai is good handling fuel tires etchaven't played multiplayer but from other reviews it seems broken.game rarely crashes (D3D ERROR) it kind of sucks because it crashed right after a 100% race finish and i had to start it all over again . btw no glitches occuered to me yet. i believe after a couple of patches it will be very good. recommended!"
76561198197263831,Recommended,286570,17038975,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,lukechapman2903,Please help me. Everytime I try to open F1 2015 it says that the Steam servers are full? I can't play!!!
76561198155902728,Recommended,286570,17055288,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,dutch,"haven't had the game crash yet, maybe the complaints depends on system requirements, i use my g27 and have i5 system with windows 7 and nvidia geforce gtx 760, works like a charm, only complaint would be that the voice recognition with engineer is not working on pc. had some good races with hamilton and rosberg in championship mode, driving as vettel.loving the game and hopefully codemasters will improve the game even more over the next little while."
,Recommended,286570,16967353,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Frixx,Awesome game ^^
76561198140257342,Recommended,286570,17123370,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,WHITE,"This game is brilliant. I can't describe it in any other way than brilliant. Everything about this game is spot on. The graphics are fantastic, the handling is outstanding, the sounds are brilliant, the force feedback system is perfect (project cars level), the broadcast presentations at the beggining of each session is awesome and the engineer is helpful for once! This game is just amazing and really shows what codemasters can do. I would massively recommend this game to anyone. Ecspecially if you race with a wheel like me. Yes this game has quite a lot of glitches and the multiplayer is aweful. But, you have to give it time since it's been out they have been working on fixing these bugs and have already come out with two patches since it's release. So I don't see why people are complaining. I have read a lot of reviews saying that they have taken too much away from the game. All I can say to that is that you clearly don't play the game. They have added so much into this game. Yes they have taken away classic cars and scinario mode and even career mode but most of them were pointless anyway. Classic car mode was pointless as the cars handled virtually exactly the same as the 2013 cars just with different textures and sounds. Scinario mode was rubbish and boring and career mode is basically still there you just can't drive as yourself. Anyway they have added a lot more than they have taken away. For a start this is just a base game for future F1 games to come so give it time. Secondly they have added things like: Talking to your engineer, Pro season mode, podiums at the end of races, tyre blankets, grid overview at the start of races, broadcast presentaion by David Croft and Antony Davidson, 2014 season included when you buy the game not DLC, new enhanced AI that provide a fantastic challenge throughout a weekend (watch videos if you don't believe me), tweaking front wing in pit stops, new fun animation (when pulled into the pits etc.) and a brand new replay system with real world camera angles. Basically there is a lot in this game certainly a lot more than in previous games. Remember this game is like F1 2010 in the sense that it is a base model for future games to come. This game has been built completely from scratch and has the potential of being the best racing sim out there. In my opinion this game beats Project Cars and Assetto Corsa, not only because you're racing new up-to-date F1 cars but in many other ways such as: much better AI, handling model, graphics and force feedback. So if you're thinking 'should I buy this game?' my answer would be 1000000% yes! because it is fantastic. Just give it time and all the bugs will be gone."
76561198037331114,Not Recommended,286570,24263719,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Aventador_Piaggio,Does not work with Xbox Elte One controller.
76561198077523611,Recommended,286570,17056879,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jksthegate,"The driving itself is very fun, much better than 2013, the cars feel much nicer to drive and more realistic. The multiplayer networking is really weird however, I just ghost through cars so there isnt much of a challenege to the game in muliplayer mode."
76561198161366088,Recommended,286570,19598208,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GhostS,"I think it's the best game ever, because when i play it NO BUG,NO LAG."
,Not Recommended,286570,25455179,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,CoffeLake,"i have Nvidia GT630 M with 2gb VRAM, 8gb RAM, CPU 1.9Ghz IntelCore I7 Quadcore and didn't work well. Tottally Shame with next gen."
76561198078552311,Recommended,286570,21921446,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DallasSP,Update to my recent post. i had difficulty with the game crashing and going to a black screen. I have fixed the problem. I reinstalled the game and it was still happening i have a (Samsung T24D391 TV) i updated the firmware on my TV and now the problem is no more. I think it was the Vsync that was causing the game to crash it was as if my TV couldn't handle the speed of the game. If anyone is having the same issue upadate your TV's firmware its quite simple to do just go to manufactures website download the driver and put it on a usb stick.... The game works great now no black screens or crashes.Spec:Mobo -  ASRock Fatal1ty Z77 PerformanceCPU  - I7 3770K  Clocked at 4.5GHz - H100i Liquid CoolerGPU - Asus GTX 970 DirectCU II OC StrixTV - Samsung T24D391
76561197975027333,Recommended,286570,21960924,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,VytasBCN,"I liked a lot this game, though I do think it needs a steering wheel and pedals for optimum experience, as it is not the same as withe keyboard control."
,Recommended,286570,21957817,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Madjoker911,"To start off with, when my vehicle was finally left to my control, on a lap launch, my engine would redline, but my tires were not engaging.  I figured out, for some reason it was reading my controller, but was not functioning correctly.  I had to go in and adjust the throttle on the controls.  The game felt very realistic and intense, but I would still hesitate every time to check my temperatures or information because as I hit the button on my controller (Nvidia controller) I would take a hard left.  Was able to complete a whole race weekend over the Free to play weekend and I really loved the game.  Co-Op mode would have been nice, as I love to play with friends.  Could have been the placebo affect as well, but tire conditions felt tied directly to the comments from the crew chief.  Tires would seem fine until he would tell you you were about to slide, and suddenly you were sliding.  Overall a good game, but could use some improvements still"
,Recommended,286570,21940590,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,jayametta,"Great game, actually i'm not the one play this game, but my close friend keep asking F1 game, so i purchase this game for him to play while i doesn't use my computer. My friend keep telling that this is a great game"
,Recommended,286570,21909578,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,KippaK,What a great game! If you like racing this one hell of a game for you!
76561198078765874,Recommended,286570,21969126,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[F1],The graphics are much better comparing to older F1 games which look terrible. It's a huge improvement over the last year version but still there a few things that i don't like:1) No safety car2) No chat in multiplayer3) Limited car tuning4) AI is OK but still it's too easy to beat them even at legendary difficulty.In general it's a great looking racing game and i had a lot of fun playing it.
76561198091253629,Recommended,286570,23862478,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nicolastiger1,"If the AI could be fixed to at least decent, this could be a great F1 Sim!"
76561198043252000,Recommended,286570,23906940,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tomasdlouhy,"Official F1 game on Linux? Good! I can call this game best linux racing ever. Good graphics, works on relatively old HW (nvidia 555M)."
76561198045364143,Recommended,286570,23774264,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,xZeZo95x,"haven't tried the online yet which people say it sucks, but i'm addicted to this game.it's absolutly amazing"
76561198206667348,Recommended,286570,26180496,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,f1heads1,"Solid baseline for games to come from Codemasters. Was very buggy in terms of performance for the first patches (from my experience), but the game overall now seems solid and fun to play. Handling model stands out really well against the other games they have produced, and the improvements to the AI make it a more enjoyable experience compaired to the previous years of the game."
,Not Recommended,286570,25987738,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,sky,"The most infuriatingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI in video game history. Crashes into you ON STRAIGHTS, when you don't even turn the wheel one degree. Absolutely ruins this game. Literally unplayabe."
76561198079370703,Recommended,286570,25921154,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Elisestar,"I have F1 2012 / 13 / 14 ...All run Great on my PCBought this on Sale specifically to see if it would run on my 5yo PC...with a view to buying F1 2016.PC specs are :-  I3-3220 @ 3.30Ghz / Win 10 / 8 gb Ram / Nvidia GTX650Had to drop resolution to 1280 x 768 but that gives me good FPS and High to Ultra graphic options...it does run at 1920 x 768 but FPS drops to 30So, Overall it's Good ! Ok , no Career mode but you can customise a season in Quick Race .... and it works fine with my XBox 360 Controller.....I think I will Buy F1 2016 at next sale !"
,Not Recommended,286570,18877872,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sockerbiten Nixi xxxxdddd,dont buy this game its trash. icant make it work properly it always crashes on the meny. And ive verified my files 1000 save your money and buy something else.
,Recommended,286570,25870135,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Freyser,Its good
76561198113220526,Recommended,286570,25831745,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,andrewsmith69.as,game will not work with logitech momo racing wheel
,Recommended,286570,24777396,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,|Bob,Buen juego para pasar el rato. Ya tengo el 2016.
,Recommended,286570,17568156,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,RedXon,"So, the game has improved a lot. You find my original review down there.But let me say, that the game in it's current form is a good game. Most of the bugs were fixed and multiplayer actually works, if you find people to play.So If you do not need to have the new licences and just want a fun racing game to play now and then, you should get this one, because it's surely going to be cheaper than the new F1 2016.Original Review:The game is really not that bad as it sounds, and it would definitely deserve a good rating, once the bugs are fixed.The game does some thing right of course and it's not all bad. You do have the new engine which is pretty great graphically, the new physics are really good and it's really fun to play. The AI is also better then the years before. They drive more agressively (i.e. attack you on the outside of a corner etc.) and make less misstakes just by themselves, but of course also try to overtake you with smokeing tyres sometimes. Good job there. But then you run into a bug...And that's the problem, there are many bugs, which sometimes prevent you from even finishing a race (getting stuck in the pits or something like that). There are some other glitches which are pretty annoying. Some people even say, that the game crashes from time to time, which, I must say, has never happened to me so far. But there is one dealbreaker which makes game game bad right now...Multiplayer on PC simply is not playable. 90% of the time, you don't even find a lobby and when you do, most of the times the game gives you a disconnect just short before the start of the race.So is the game bad? No it's not, it's just not out of beta test as of now. There is a really strong foundation here, and it would really be a good game, once all the bugs are fixed. So my verdict is:If you just want to play single player and enjoy good racing against AI, you could get the game if you don't mind a bug here or there... You could of course also wait till the bugs are fixed.If, however, you want to play multiplayer, don't get it! Wait till the bugs are confirmed to be fixed, and then you have yourself a good game to play."
,Not Recommended,286570,24742007,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Wersion751,"Hi,First time writting review for game.Basically game is good, yea there are many bugs and gliches in games, but despite that you can play it.But if you are going to buy this game for multiplayer, than I would not reccomend this game due to micraphones (from other players in multiplayer) that are  automatically enabled in game. Yea I know you can press ''MUTE ALL PLAYERS'' again, but wait - if you press mute all players again than new players get muted but previous players (players which you already muted) get unmuted. Racing in multiplayer is anoying due to this ''issue''.This game is good but it's multiplayer is almost unplayable.I would not reccomend this game, I wasted 20 EUR (60% off sale).This game not even woth 20 EUR - broken, buggy etc. I would pay maximum 5 EUR for this."
76561198013725585,Recommended,286570,21263967,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AgentRuby,"Changing my review  a litte.  I haven't tried multiplayer in awhile so I won't be revoiewing that.I did start a Championship season mode. By default the graphics were just horrid. Then I tried something that didn't work last time so maybe it was patched again? I use just TAA for antiailiasing rather than smaa or smaa plus taa. Anyways the taa if that's what you call it works very well for my system. Everything is cleared up and I hope that multiplayer works but if it doesn't I'm still enjoying single player. I like the realism of the engineer talking to you about certain situations.Running this on an evga 660ti and amd 965 black edition at 3.7ghz with 16GB of ram and I do have to say that my new evga 1300watt power supply does help. Not that it needs it but I do notice that pretty much all of my games run smoother than before.I recommend this game if you really love formula one. This game does not baby you with the proper setttings so be prepared for hardcore racing. I guess I can't really compare project cars with it but I have to say that this F1 2015 is more of a challenge in terms of penalties for going out of bounds and to me it feels more like racing than the bumper cars that project cars became for me.  That's if you set it to strict. It's lenient for the most part on normal.  Again, I have not tried the multiplayer. It seems that for the most part and I hate to say this but the community that I'm use to, usually ruins just about every multiplayer experience.  I could hope all day that this game would be great in multiplayer but if you look up seth on youtube, you will see that from the very start he made a trainer/hack for the game and he's not the only jerk off that does that so I don't know how good the multiplayer will be. I hope it's ok and if not I will just continue with single player which is fun for me and no nonsense."
76561198018049061,Recommended,286570,24074232,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Triso,Amazing game! :)
76561198027178972,Recommended,286570,24205701,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Le_MuLoT,"For G29 users out there: the wheel works perfectly fine. You only have to use the latest version of Logitech Gaming Software and be sure to import and apply the F1 2015 game profile. The profile applies a single vital setting: wheel soft lock at 360 degrees. That's it !Now about the game itself.I love minimalist things. This game focuses on one thing and one thing only: to drive and race F1. I'm  very fine with the lack of this and that secondary features. I don't care. All the tracks are there to enjoy, the handling, the physic, the gameplay, the graphics are all great.F1 2015 is, in my opinion, a great new foundation for the franchise. F1 2016 can only get better and I'm eager to see this."
76561198001146712,Recommended,286570,33681102,Posted: 20 July,all,a.ritchie,Awesome Game.
76561198285244299,Recommended,286570,33963319,Posted: 1 August,all,antonmezz,HEllo the game is very good
76561198084590497,Not Recommended,286570,24038234,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,super-slave Wrendo,"Get yourself a proper controller that doesn't disconnect on the whim, otherwise why bother. Modes are really bad too."
