user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,286690,32384465,Posted: 13 June,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review for Metro Last Light Redux:Here.Metro 2033 Redux is the vastly upgraded and improved version of the original Metro 2033 post-apocalyptic FPS game. First brought to gamers in 2010 by THQ and then given a complete makeover in 2014 by DeepSilver, the title is based off of the novel of the same name written by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky. Though I have not personally read the book, friends of mine have stated that the game is very close to its origins, and the few differences are forgivable.First up, let's talk about the changes that the Redux brings. If you play, and/or own, the original Metro 2033, it's definitely worth your time and money to invest in this edition of the game. The updated graphics are a drastic improvement over the old title, bringing in high quality textures, dynamic lighting, and improved atmospheric effects such as fog, steam, and rain that bring an entirely new depth to the campaign. All of these changes combined make the darkened tunnels of the underground feel more claustrophobic, and the open areas more derelict. There have also been some alterations to a few of the major cutscenes; full side-by-side comparisons can be viewed on YouTube. On the other hand, there has also been notable outcry regarding the reduced difficulty of the overall experience, primarily when it comes to Survival mode, in that scavenged resources are more plentiful.Now, if you haven't played Metro 2033 before, here's what it's all about: A nuclear war occurred in 2013, wherein Russia was targeted with atomic bombs that caused severe radiation; primarily across Moscow. The devastating impacts caused all survivors to flee into the underground tunnels of the metro stations, where they proceeded to build as much of new 'cities' as they could, each one being housed at a different base metro station, leaving the tunnels to connect them like roads. In the game, you play as a 20-year-old male survivor who was born prior to the nuclear fallout known as Artyom. The year is now 2033, and his home in the northern metro station, Exhibition, is under attack by a group of creatures that are referred to as the Dark ones. Artyom must travel to the main metro station of Polis and plead for help from their rangers to save his home, family, and friends.Though Metro 2033 Redux is classified as a post-apocalyptic FPS title, it has deep survival elements to its gameplay. The currency of choice are military-grade bullets, which can be exchanged in a few metro stations for ammo, grenades, gas mask filters, med-kits,weapons, and weapon upgrades. The bullets themselves can be found by exploring every nook and cranny of the levels, and also from some scripted events that happen. Likewise, if you're unable to pony up the rounds for supplies, you can find all of the aforementioned things (sans weapon upgrades) by scavenging. However, playing on Survival mode, as opposed to the only other mode that the game has called Spartan, reduces the amount of supplies that you find out in the wild.While enjoying your 10-13 hours of play time exploring the toxic, snowy wastelands and deep, dark corridors of tunnels, you will find that the game has a hefty arsenal of weaponry at your disposal; assault rifles, shotguns, revolvers, pneumatics, and even a flamethrower all make their appearances, plus a few others. The gun play is good, though the upgrades can be a bit lackluster, and you will find yourself shooting from the hip more often than not, as taking the time to aim can be futile since the enemies are incredibly speedy. It should also be mentioned that most of the guns are old-fashioned, and some of them, such as the flamethrower and pneumatics, require Super Soaker styled pumping to get them to work.When it comes down to atmosphere, ambiance, graphics, and sound, THQ and DeepSilver thought of just about everything. From the thick fog, to green toxic air, rain that blurs your vision a little, spiders and flies that sometimes land on your gas mask, to downright having to wipe blood and grime off of your gas mask to see; the latter actually becomes rather prominent, as when you are in a heavy firefight, you will absolutely need to wipe the blood off to see where you're shooting. The soundtrack is just absolutely stunning, and as near to cinema quality as it can get. In fact, the entire game itself comes off as cinematic; at some point or another, it houses everything from horror, to action, to drama, to even fleeting moments of comedy.Metro 2033 Redux can best be described as the lovechild of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Fallout series'. Though the levels are heavily enclosed in most cases, there's almost always a ton of chambers, decrepit buildings, and passages to explore. There's also a high level of replayability, as there are two different modes and two different endings to obtain; along with 51 worthwhile diary entries to pick up and read. It's worth standing around and listening to the conversations that people around you are having, as you can gain more insight into the story and it's also really immersing. Everything about this title is as near-perfect as a video game can get, and that means that it most definitely needs to be in your library at some point.Rating:5.0/5.0- An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198021354223,Recommended,286690,32521789,Posted: 17 June,all,Doctor 7-93D,"Metro 2033 is an incredibly atmospheric and fun game that will immerse you and with Exodus coming I just had to make this review!GAMEPLAYThe gameplay in this game is fantastic, with the gas mask and flashlight mechanics, this game will totally immerse you in the atmosphere of the Metro universe. The transition between levels makes sense and the progression of Artyom's gear is also well done. Listening in on citizens of the Metro conversing with one another is very fun, and sad at times too!The combat in this game is intense, especially on Hardcore and Ranger mode, trading shots while wiping your mask make the combat in this game a treat and feel great, the enemies and weapons in the game are varied as well, from the lowly bandit to the heavily armored soldier. The stealth sections are great and allow replayability for the game as there are different endings depending on your actions through out the game!The only thing I don't really like is that Artyom is a silent protagonist, if he can talk in the loading screen why can't he talk in the actual game, as alot of characters who talk to him seem like they're talking to themselves, that and the AI can be a bit silly at times, nothing too bad though.STORYThe story in this game is very interesting and will hold your attention as you follow the same person from the novel Artyom Alekseyevich Chyornyj, the game offers many memorible characters, you'll recognize them when you see them! The voice acting is very well done as well as the story telling in the game, through Artyom's journals.AUDIO AND MUSICThe sounds design in this game is amazing, from mutant screams to the blast of a quad-barreled shotgun, the guns in this game feel real in their sounds and the sound track is great and fits the game very well. The small sound of water droplets and wind, further the immersion of this game.GRAPHICSThe attention to detail in the game was very good, definately a step up from the original. The lighting in the game, that with the overall art design make the game look beautiful, the game was for sure ahead of most games at the time! Though there were a few ""flickering"" terrain bugs, there is also a lack of options to customize your graphics settings..OVERALLSmall problems aside, Metro 2033 REDUX is a great game, and is definitly worth it's asking price. All in all this game gets an8/10A great game with a few tiny problems, that won't interfere with your experience!"
76561198053671250,Recommended,286690,14428564,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Laika,"Most people who have read more than a handful of video game reviews come to regard the word ""atmospheric"" in about the same way that less credulous shoppers at your local Whole Foods regard terms like ""all-natural"" or ""superfood""; too many reviewers seem to use the word to punch up a game review when said game doesn't actually have any redeeming qualities, but the reviewer in question is contractually obligated to review it positively or is too polite to say it sucks.Is Metro 2033 Redux atmospheric?  You bet your♥♥♥♥♥it is!  Practically every NPC in the game, whether important or incidental, seems to have a distinct personality and back-story.  The story of the protagonist, Artyom, is just one (albeit very important) story that takes place in the world of Metro, which wasn't built to accommodate him.  That said, I don't want to belabor the point of how ""cinematic"" or ""gritty and realistic"" Metro 2033 Redux is because the more skeptical readers might start to think it doesn't have any excellent qualities aside from that.For most of its duration, Metro's play style lives in a gray area between action and stealth without a rigid or discrete boundary between the two.  For safety's sake it's usually best to play things quietly, and unlike in most FPS with stealth elements, being quiet isn't a matter of finding a giant sniper rifle and affixing a silencer to it.  Enemies will notice when the guy you stabbed during his toilet break doesn't come back to his post, let alone when you perforate the skull of someone standing ten feet away from them.  When you do go loud, enemies try to outflank you, flush you out with grenades and even get suspicious if/when you stop shooting back at them.  Non-human enemies even have distinct weaknesses, and methods of attacking that vary from species to species.The game has a morality system as well, but it doesn't keep ""points"" and is so unobtrusive relative to that of most other games that some players might actually not realize that it's there if they don't look carefully.  Being good isn't merely a matter of choosing who to shoot, but requires the player to empathize with characters (sometimes even in spite of the uniform they happen to be wearing!).  Contrariwise, being evil can be as simple as being callous or selfish and doesn't require the player to be cartoonishly bad to gain ""naughty points"".Simultaneously grim and poignant, Metro presents one of the best stories I've seen, in games or elsewhere.  It's like Cormac McCarthy's The Road with guns (see what I did there?).  But seriously, Metro 2033 Redux is probably the best game I've played in any genre, and has a myriad of other positive things I could say about it, but won't for the sake of brevity.  Buy it!  Even if you have to spend your last round of military-grade 5.45 caliber ammunition!"
,Recommended,286690,12578741,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,VirtualVictory,"I played through the original Metro 2033 back in August of 2014 and I absolutely loved it. However, I personally purchased Metro 2033 Redux for some easy achievements and a what once was an extremely rare badge. That's not to say that I didn't enjoy what I experienced, but I feel there's a lot to praise and criticize 4A Games on with this product.Let's start off with the major additions to Metro 2033 Redux mentioned in trailers, shall we?● The ability to wipe your mask. Just as in Metro: Last Light, you can now wipe your mask as many times as you like! Don't forget to wipe it 20 times when you first start the game for an easy achievement!● Plenty of new locations to discover in each chapter. These locations consist of military grade ammunition, dirary pages, and keys to safes that contain a considerable amount of resources.● Arytom's Diary pages to find and collect. You're probably thinking ""Oh great, more things to collect!"" but if you're anything like me, you like to learn everything you can about the products you purchase.● Enhanced weather, lighting and ecosystem. This time around Metro 2033 Redux is much brighter, has creatures as in Metro: Last Light and throughout the game has changes in weather. The creatures consist of spiders, baby shrimp and what I believe to be mutated birds.Features of Metro 2033 Redux worth praising:● The ability to approach a combat situation in multiple ways. Sneaking, knock out kills, use of silencers, and using the darkness to sneak up on enemies. It may seem silly and common knowledge but many games in the current gaming industry fail to deliver anything more than just a watered down run and gun experience.● The A.I. combat subroutines are irritating yet innovative. If you're approaching a combat situation guns blazing be prepard for some jumpy, trigger happy enemies.● The kills saving system. In the original Metro 2033 kills were only saved in a consecutive playthrough. This time around, you can reload checkpoints to accumulate kills for revolvers, shotguns, assault rifles, pneumatic weapons, etc.● No unsynced voice and facial animations. Although a little wonky, the facial animations and voice are never unsynced from start to finish. That's certainly saying something considering the majority of the games created today have the issue with unsynced facial animations.● No 'in-game' store. The majority of developers feel the need to put a direct link to their game's downloadable content within the game itself. This angers some consumers while ruining the immersion they're trying to create.Aspects of Metro 2033 Redux worth criticizing:● The so called ""seamless"" transition between chapters always isn't as smooth as they've lead you to believe. As I played through 2033 Redux I recall 4A Games tying at least 3 chapters together. In the chapter Driving to Sparta the screen goes black at one point and you're teleported to the above ground ranger base.● The retexturing of the majority of NPCs within the game. While they may have retextured many of the non-player characters within the game, that certianly does not mean they did it for the better. In some cases, the animations look signifigantly worse than the original Metro 2033. Personally, I would rather have a higher resolution, more detailed NPC than a completely different version of one.● Non-existant NPC eye tracking. I never realized how important eye tracking was before I played the Metro series. All of the NPCs in Metro 2033 Redux feel as if they're staring off into space, unaware of their surroundings or the player.● Copy and paste menus and user interface. The menu and user interface of Metro 2033 Redux is the exact menu and user interface that Metro: Last Light used back in 2013.Overall, I enjoyed this game and would absolutely recommend it if the price is right."
,Recommended,286690,17336317,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Veterans of the original version of Metro 2033 will notice a change in how the game starts. Before you pick your difficulty, you pick the way you want to play the game. Will you pick Survival, which will require players to conserve ammo, utilize stealth, and pick and choose when to fight or flee? Or will you pick Spartan, which is more akin to the action style of Metro: Last Light? The ability to pick between Survival and Spartan is included in both of the Metro: Redux titles, and each play out very differently. Not wanting to risk compromising the dark thrill of the first time I played Metro 2033, I opted for Survival and though I was also tempted to go with the hardest difficulty available I passed it up for the normal difficulty instead.So here I was, once more taking that first climb into the outside world. Or rather, first from the gameplay perspective. You see, Metro 2033 actually begins at a climactic moment in the story and then in a flash the main character Artyom retells the story, and as such you relive it from his perspective. That first scene really helps set the stage and the gut wrenching feeling of the troubles that wait ahead. The story remains as superb today as it was in 2010 as it successfully combines the horrors of war with the supernatural and paranormal sprinkled in just enough to add another layer of tension. However with Metro: Last Light showing us what the canon ending is, returning players may feel inclined not to make same the choices for what - at the time - seemed like the ""good"" ending.The first thing I noticed other than the graphical enhancements, were the controls. I'm not sure if it is all in my head or if the controls are honestly much more polished than they once were, but I went from a game where I died more often to accidental falls or overextended movements to something that controlled as crisp and precise as other shooters. Firing from the hip was actually a viable option this time around, whereas in the past you'd be lucky to hit the broad side of a barn without aiming down your sights.Another thing substantially improved is the friendly AI. I cannot express how many times in the original I died because of failures of the AI. In games like Call of Duty, the AI is intentionally made useless so that the player can feel like a hero, but that same thought process doesn't transfer over well if it is one of several parts where you have to fight tooth and nail for survival. In the original game, you'd be lucky if your comrades could even kill a single enemy. Now, they still let you do most of the work but they are actually helpful in situations that would otherwise be frustrating to the point of pulling your hair out.Hopping back and forth between the games to compare the graphics across all settings, the game looks better across the board. Of course this means that if your current PC struggled with the original version of Metro 2033 you're going to have to sit this one out. Character models and environment textures have been majorly improved, offering an intense, almost real display of a downtrodden society that dwells beneath the surface. In the above-ground segments, however, the appearances of humans takes a slight hit. The beautiful display of life in the tunnels of the Moscow metro was already amazing just a few years ago, but now that beauty has increased tenfold.While the visuals have been majorly updated and the gameplay itself feels more polished, it seems as if all of the original dialogue audio was left the same. Not that this is a bad thing mind you, but I have a pet peeve when I encounter enemies in the game that are supposed to be of an entirely different nationality using Russian accents as though it's just business as usual. Other than that, the voice work was great then and it's mostly a good decision to have kept it as is.Metro 2033 Redux has taken the original title and increased the quality to such heights that it was like playing a completely different game. Amazing graphics, refined and tweaked gameplay... it all makes for a much smoother experience. There are no sacrifices of the good of the original but it does successfully eliminate the bad - this is how remakes should be. Whether you have played the original or not, this is a game for anyone seeking atmosphere, story, and FPS gameplay blended into something amazing. Do not miss this experience."
,Recommended,286690,15526124,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"As the store page for the vanilla game is still available (i.e. the Redux edition does not make the original disappear) I am only going to concentrate on the new aspects of the game. Should you be interested in what Metro 2033 is about feel free to read my review on the vanilla game's store page.Initially, I thought this Redux edition was only a graphical enhancement to the game released back in 2010. Make no mistake: the creators have done a superb job! Redux sports better lighting effects, more detailed textures and, to be honest, we have so many bits and pieces here that it is simply better to use YouTube and look for some comparison videos.But is this good for us? Well, yes! Remember when Last Light came out? It offered better graphics so much so that we can say it was as Metro 2033 was originally intended to be. So, the developers picked this upgraded, more refined engine and remade all the levels of Metro 2033. We have the ultimate Metro 2033 experience now!And the upgrades do not stop there: some new elements introduced in Last Light were also borrowed. For instance, melee was not possible but finally, taking out enemies silently is possible not just from the distance. Also, diary pages are now hidden throughout this game. Since you explored everything for the extra ammo now you can find these and read more about Artyom's thoughts and emotions.Some sections were expanded upon and there are new sections such as the hall in Polis where you can stop by and marvel at the establishment along with the bartender who you can drink with. Beside the diary pages there are many safes hidden, as well. Keys to them appear on dead bodies or simply on shelves and while they glow in red due to the cobwebs sometimes it is difficult to spot them. Oh, cobwebs! We now have these and setting them on fire with the lighter is as fun as it was in Last Light!Redux is the definitive version of Metro 2033. A version that expresses that this is how it should have been all along back in 2010. You can dismiss the idea if you want due to the fact that money is - once again - asked for it. However, if you are a true fan of Metro and you liked its sequel I'm sure it will be an immediate purchase for you. :)"
,Recommended,286690,11888206,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Mr. Komo,"Bourbon now actively moves around the first human enemy area. I didn't expect it and threw a knife at him, thinking he was one of the bandits. Now my knife is stuck in his head and he isn't giving it back. I really needed this knife.Such is life in the metro.10/10, would cheeki breeki again."
,Recommended,286690,31837945,Posted: 19 May,all,Subduer,"Who am I:Hi there! My name is Claire, I am 26 years old and from Denmark. I have over 20 years of gaming experience. I do all achievements for the game before I review it. So my review truly reflects a 100% completion of the game.Eventhough my reviews are quite long and extensive, I try my very best to keep them as spoiler free as possible.Remember to take everything I say with a grain of salt, as it is just my subjective opinion. Hope you enjoy! :3Gameplay:Metro 2033 Redux falls into the genre we know as a modern First-Person-Shooter. You play through a linear world where you interact and experience whatever the game sets out to show you. There is very little exploration and alternative paths to take. Thus it is more akin to games such as Call of Duty, rather than oldschool FPS' such as Doom or Duke Nukem.The lack of player exploration allows the game developers to create some truly awe-shocking and atmospheric moments, both through it's gameplay but also its story. This is in my opinion Metros strongest quality, and will be further expanded on in the Story section.It is clear that Metro 2033 Redux wants the player to truly feel immersed in the gameworld. This is very evident if you look at how the game handles its game mechanics.When you enter the post-apocalyptic Moscow you have to wear your gasmask because the air is toxic. You, as the player, have to manually put your gas mask on. You also have to monitor your gas mask filter on your watch. Once your filter is running low, you have to equip a new one, or you will simply die.The same goes with your flashlight. You want your flashlight turned on almost all of the time because the game is very dark, especially in the deep abandoned places of the Metro. However your flashlight has to be charged by the player manually, by taking out a DIY charger and pumping a new charge into the flashlight.There are many instances of this mechanic in Metro 2033 Redux, and I thoroughly enjoyed it a lot. It not only makes you much more engaged in the gameplay, but it also adds a clever level of fear as your flashlight potentially runs out of power while being chased by monsters.Throughout your time in the Metro you will encounter a variety of weapons to play with. All of the weapons feel distinct from one another, with the exception of a few of the assault rifles which in my opinion didn't have much of a different feel to them. You are able to customize your weapons with different scopes and handles etc. I feel that this was not expanded on well enough. There simply was not enough upgrades for it to feel very meaningful.Metro 2033 Redux has a TON of stealth sections. Atleast if you play them ""the way it's intended"" because you are able to run and gun your way through all stealth sections of the game. The AI in Metro 2033 Redux is probably the worst AI I have seen in many years. You are able to literally walk right past NPC's that seem to be looking directly at you. Yet on the other hand if you end up getting spotted by just one person, the whole area suddenly knows where you are and will hunt you down until you either die or kill everyone in the area.I wanted to stealth my way through the game, so when I got spotted I had to restart to the last checkpoint as there was no way for me to reset my ""stealth"". This felt gimmicky and is not the way you want your stealth gameplay to work.It took me 9 hours to complete the game on Survival mode, and only 7 hours on Spartan mode. I would recommend Survival mode.Story:You play as Artyom, a young man from one of the Northern Metro stations. Your station has been under attack by the mysterious ""Dark Ones"" for a while, and your station needs help. You set out on your way to the capital of the Metro called Polis to help your station. On your long road through the Metros web of stations you will encounter many different people and maybe more disturbingly... Many different monsters.I don't want to spoil anymore than that, as the story is truly one of the selling points of Metro 2033 Redux. The whole game is  built up around a best-selling novel called Metro 2033 by Dmitry Glukhovsky.While the game is very linear it makes sure to give you a lot of dialogue that helps you understand the world you're in. I feel like they could've easily elaborated on the story a lot more. Although there is an expansion called Metro Last Light which I haven't played, which supposedly expands on the whole Metro universe.Graphics:While the game is a few years old now, it still has absolutely jaw-dropping graphics. The polygon-counts may not be the highest we have ever seen in a game, but Metro 2033 Redux has something most games desperately wants. It has soul in its graphical fidelity. By that I mean the metro stations looks run down. The people in the metros look ragged and dirty. The weapons look home-made, which most of them are. The disfigured faces and dismembered bodies of the people who died on the surface frightens the player of what to come.I always felt that no matter where I looked in Metro 2033 Redux I would be looking at a convincing piece of a post-apolyptic world. I never lost my sense of immersion, because everything seemed just right for the world I had been placed in.The lighting effects in Metro 2033 Redux is some of the best lighting effects I have ever seen. A lot of care and detail went into the lighting effects and it is a clever decision, because you spend most of the game in very dark areas where you can really show off some amazing lighting effects. The game even goes so far as to use this lighting mechanic when you fight some of the monsters in the Metro.With that being said the facial animations of some, if not most of the humans in the game are not very good. They don't look very convincing in my opinion, but I think it boils down to the game being a few years old. I actually found some of the human faces much more scary than the monsters. :PSound:The background music of Metro 2033 Redux is okay. I didn't feel like it was anything special, and I didn't stop and listen at any point in time. I think this was intentional by the game developers. They didn't want big musical scores booming in the background. They wanted their music to compliment their two strongest factors of the game. The story telling and the atmospheric immersion. If this was their intention, I think they hit it spot on.The game uses sound to communicate to the player if they are about to be spotted during stealth sections. This is nothing new, but it works quite well in Metro 2033.The gun sounds are okay without being anything special.The sounds of the monsters range from okay to very good. The very good sounds from the monsters were the skittering of spiders crawling into holes behind you, or the distant howl of a Nosalis (A big mutant creature). These sounds were very useful to the game, as they helped to create tension and immersion.I played the game with the english voices, and the voice-acting in Metro 2033 Redux is not that great. It is acceptable without being good. It is not bad enough to be a problem though, with the exception of the kids voice acting, which is just downright strange in my opinion.Price:You can buy Metro 2033 for 19.99€ or your regional equivalent. You can buy it as a bundle with Metro Last Light.It frequently goes on sale on Steam, and I would recommend you to wait for a steam discount before purchasing.Conclusion:Metro 2033 Redux is a very atmospheric and immersive FPS game set in a post-apocalyptic world. It has average gunplay with some clever added mechanics through the management of gas masks, filters and your flashlight.It has a great story with two different endings.If you even remotely enjoy linear and story driven FPS games you should give Metro 2033 Redux a chance.I give Metro 2033 Redux 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,286690,11868642,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Looks good, runs better then the originial. Plays better too. I mean, if you never played the original, then play it now. If you have, this one is worth it for $12.50, if for nothing else but a better looking and feeling game. Also, a few notes-First, the game is a lot lighter than the original. I like it, as it makes it a lot less ""Scary"" but some may hate it. The new faces look really whimpy aswell, so...All the guns from LL are here, along with with the weapon mods.Even on the lowest diffulty,and playing on the action mode, ammo is still rare. A+ for that.Apparently, some people are having problems launching it, but i'm not.Still an amazing game, by the way"
,Recommended,286690,16342418,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Happyface4567,"(For all you lazy Steam shoppers, look at the last paragraph for a summary)This game deserves credit, for the following reasons:*It is scary. But not Outlast scary, it´s sort of less horror than jump-scares and simply the sounds and visuals. Especially the sounds. They´re mostly the same all the time, but sh*t they are scary, every time.*It has (fairly) good shooter mechanics. The weapons shoot realistically and the damage models are solid. What makes it interesting is that there are no specific damage points. You don´t know how much damage a weapon does, you just have to try it out. Makes the weapons choice just that much harder, and trust me weapons choice does matter in this game, depending on if you want to have a fun and entirely possible expirience or a difficult and far-less fun experience.*It has puzzles. Well, not many and they aren´t really that difficult, but it make the game more challenging and makes this not just an ego-shooter, but also sort of a thinking game.*The story is amazing. It is filled with plot-twists, creative levels and, most importantly, russian.There are of course a fair share of bugs, or things the game does not tell you which makes it a lot harder. I experienced this myself. the game does not tell you that if you press (M) to hide your weapon Librarians (Monsters later in the game) will not attack you. This doesn´t spoil much as you can of course try to kill them, but it´s extremely difficult and takes up too much ammo. I wasted hours on that level and had to rely on outside help, even with normal mode on. I also had some other places where I required outside help, where the game was not explicit enough, but the main thing is that you acctually have to listen to dialogue, otherwise you are clueless.Overall, I´d say that Metro 2033 is definitely a good buy, especially if it´s on sale as it is now, and it appeals to many genres. If you like FPS, puzzle and horror games, this is definitely the game for you. And let me also add that the fact that I even bothered to write this review, and make it so positive, just goes to show that this game is definitey worth a buy, just like its sequel, Metro: Last Light, which I am yet to play but will soon review too, if it impresses me as much as this game does."
,Recommended,286690,16756145,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,COFFEE CHEETOS CHICKEN,It's a game where a bunch of Russians use their Counter Strike skills to survive in a post apocalyptic world.
,Recommended,286690,28457283,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GasMask,"I'm a simple man. I see a gas mask, i recommend."
76561198112950550,Recommended,286690,32789216,Posted: 25 June,all,Cal.50,"The Metro franchise holds a special place in my heart. I owned both 2033 and Last Light on the Xbox 360 upon each of their releases, and played them endlessly. Replayed both Redux versions on pc, and in light of the recent wonderful announcement of Exodus, the spark has once again been ignited.For those of you that are interested by the look of this game and don't know too much about it, Metro 2033 is a harrowing tale of the apocalypse, set in the heart of Russia. In 2013, we saw WW3, and when the bombs inevitably fell the denizens of Moscow fled to the Metro system to seek shelter. Fast forward 20 years, and here we are. The surface is a frozen nuclear graveyard of the world before, home to horrifically irradiated creatures. The Metro, is filled with arguably worse, us.If you're gonna pick up these games, then Redux is your only worthy option since it looks downright gorgeous and it improves on a lot of the original's gameplay features.Both games feature solid, satisfying gunplay, an incredibly bleak and compelling storyline complete with morality choices and optional story arcs, and an terrifyingly depressing atmosphere that never lets up.Though a linear FPS, each chapter has a plethora of areas to explore, bringing supernatural terrors and contextual tales of Russian lives gone awry.I'll try to keep this relatively short, but this game is nothing short of a masterpiece. Don't wanna ruin the surprises for you guys, but if you're a fan of the end of the world, then please, buy this game.'Even the apocalypse didn't stop us killing each other over ideology'"
,Recommended,286690,12270921,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,logan,"fed the poor, helped the sick, didn't kill anyone, talked to very wise russian man, and relayed the message to tell polis they're wonderful people.Still got the bad ending 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,18522221,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Robb Banks,"*EDIT*This game gave me insomniaShoot bandits, shoot nazis, shoot communists, shoot monsters, shoot demons, shoot tenticle plants, shoot tanks. Get scared by mutant spiders, webs, shadows, ghosts and ghost demon things. Make freinds and watch them die, blow up stuff, slip into puddles of radiation, run out of ammo, sell ammo for ammo, buy ammo with ammo, buy guns with ammo, sell guns  for ammo, get scared by the ghost monster again, see ghosts in the tunnels running past you randomly, fall through floors, get dragged through walls by ""Librarians"", get shot by nazis, get shot by communists, get shot by bandits, travel all over the Moscow underground, cant decide whats worse: the tunnels with tunnel monsters or the outside with giant flying bat monsters, this game makes me scared of the dark, dont follow instructions from the charcters and get rekt Khan:""Go over to those pipes and listen, but dont stay there too long"" *Goes over to pipes and hears sounds from 20 years ago including laughing and screaming, 10 seconds in my character gets attacked by his own imagination or something* Most of the game includes the side character having to do something and then leaving you to do something dangerous or spooky by yourself; ""Oh yea I need to go do something thats not really important so you go on ahead through this underground tunnel full of corpses, ghosts, jump scares and monsters"" 10/10 Heart attack simulator"
76561198015691832,Recommended,286690,26638551,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Guan Yu,"Bought the game on a whim during a sale, I never read the books the game was based on and really enjoyed the storyline, the gameplay was decent and the choices you could make throughout the game to alternate the ending along with the choice to creep or shoot your way through the levels were a nice aspect. The game will require at least 2 run throughs to get all achievements but with the game and storyline being decent this is a good thing, giving you more gameplay for your money. Well worth £4."
76561197997752428,Recommended,286690,11889638,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,OneScoop,"It's the original Metro...but shinier! Better! More expanded!While it's not as dark (I mean that literally, not in the metaphorical sense), Redux has a *lot* of improvements over the original+ Roaming above ground looks a hell of a lot better, and prettier to boot.  Plus, the Metro itself looks great!+ Two game modes - Survival (Classic) and Spartan (Last Light-style), with Ranger mode built in!+ Expanded areas to explore, so wandering off into that dimly lit side tunnel is great for finding environmental stories and loot+ Safes give you a nice loot based incentive to explore out of the way areas for their keysBut, there are a few detractors-/+ Stealth knockouts break the game like in Last Light. You'll be overflowing with ammo and medkits, but that does make the inevitable mutant hordes easier-  A bunch of bugs, mostly related to climbable surfaces. Hopping into broken down trains, climbing out of holes in the hub stations, etc- If you somehow alert anyone, everyone will know exactly where you are regardless, and will hunt you down like a guided missile.All in all, a very well put together update for Metro, worth the cash!8/10"
,Recommended,286690,11868774,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Dunkel,"After playing the first three levels, I have seen nothing but greatness and nostalgia. A great buy and totally worth $12.49."
,Recommended,286690,32357706,Posted: 11 June,all,Gold Au,"Hell yeah it's awesome!!! Best story i've ever played.Hyped for EXODUS. welp, time to replay both games"
,Recommended,286690,23304924,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Psylent,"I first played this game at night with the sound turned up. My black cat sitting on my desk, watched as I crawled through black tunnels and stealthily made my way around enemy's. The story griped me as the hours ticked by and the plot became more then what I set out for. As the evening became early morning and my cat long since stalked off to sleep, I prowled the metro in search for the answers I needed to save my people.I was afraid of every turn I took and jumped at every flickering shadow. The music played a haunting melody that only served to heighten the tension as I sat there in the dark, struggling to go on. I shivered in fear as I moved from tunnel to tunnel, alone with only my thoughts to ward off the terrors the lurked always just out of sight. The few times that I was blessed to have companionship, didn't last long as the evil of the metro always saw fit to take these brave souls away. Leaving me alone, weary, and sad for the loss of such good men.I knew that my journey would be a lonely one filled with fear as well as terrified excitement. The metro is never a safe place and much of what dwells in its dark places wish only to see you dead. Only your wits, courage, and gun will serve to see you through this hellish landscape of a long forgotten time.I sit alone in the dark now, trying not to shiver. I listen to the howls as they echo from deeper in the tunnels. I know I have to move but I am so tired..., So cold. They're getting closer, the howling. I ready my rifle and take a firm grip as I was taught so long ago. Is this where my journey ends, after I came so far, is this my time? The flame from my light starts to flicker and die as I prepare myself for the same. After all, it's what they've been waiting for...."
,Recommended,286690,22646710,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Urah,"Videogame based on a novel.Starting from there, that IS something already rare.Furthermore, the game achieves it so well it becomes one of the very rare occasionswhen the adaptation not only is very good but it also enhances the reading experience.I recommend reading the book by the way, since it contains several parts not added in the videogames.Metro 2034 novel not so much, sadly.Mature and immersive second to none.Redux Version:Impressive light effects, and I mean really impressive all the way along.Same goes for the texturesAnd performance is hugely improved.Movement is sometimes a bit clumsy, and that is the only flaw I find in this game.Whereas most conversations are incredibly mature,others are a bit ""hello-hero-of-the-game"".I find a bit of unbalance between the quality of some conversations and others.And a bit of laziness here and there regarding the conversations:When you arrive to Polis, Yasha the kid...Don't take this as a complaint, I think it's me getting older.The whole journey is an unforgettable experience."
,Recommended,286690,31139206,Posted: 14 April,all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL;DR? See ConclusionNOTE: Related ContentAlso see my:Metro Last Light Redux ReviewINTRODUCTION:Metro 2033 Redux is the ‘remastered’ version of Metro 2033 which was originally released in 2010. The game is a first-person horror survival shooter based on a novel of the same title written by Dmitry Glukhovsky and serves as the first title of the franchise.The 2014 Redux version contains the graphical and gameplay changes from Metro: Last Light.PLOT (No Spoilers):The player takes on the role of Artyom (Артём), a young man who has lived his entire life within the confines of his home Metro Station below Moscow. Join him as he is set on a quest to save it from a new threat that may potentially wipe out the remnants of humanity who survived the nuclear apocalypse.PROS:+ Great atmosphere and world design;+ Very good graphics but…(see CON #1 and #2)+ Very good sound design and voice acting;+ Surprising level variety despite being stuck mostly in a metro (subway) system;+ Magnificent graphics and excellent use of PhysX technology;+ Good story that offers alternate endings and a very subtle morality system that does affect the outcome of the game;+ Great blend of action, horror and suspense;+ Challenging difficulty;+ Weapon variety with an upgrade system;+ Linear story backed up by substantial story driven content;+ Refreshing new setting of Russia; and+ Lengthy game time.CONS:- Some animation glitches;- Very low default field of view (FOV);FIX;- Long and unskippable intro before reaching the main screen; and- Removed the ability of the player to purchase armor/outfit based on playstyle.NEUTRAL:+/- Random glitch that causes the player’s hand model to change outfits without any reason.CONCLUSION:GREAT GAME.Metro 2033 delivers a unique and very immersive first person shooter experience. It blends together the atmosphere of narrative driven games, the suspense of horror games, and the heart pumping combat of action games.WORTH IT?The game is worth $19.99 (or your regional equivalent). If you’re new to the Metro series, I would personally recommend that you purchase theMetro Redux Bundlebecause its only $29.98. If that’s still too expensive, then I suggest waiting for a sale because this bundle goes on sale a lot.FINAL NOTES:This is not an Action-RPG game like S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Fallout. Metro 2033 falls in line with games such as F.E.A.R., DOOM and Half-Life.The original Metro 2033 game is no longer available on Steam as of the time of this review since it has been replaced by the Redux version.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
,Recommended,286690,22807484,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Áile,"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH IT FEELS SO OFFI HATE THIS......... well, just a bitLet me start off by saying that I've played the original Metro 2033and loved it a bunch. Can't say I do for the Redux of it though.There are some really good things that the Redux has donesuch as:-Adding the ability to knock out enemies instead of murdering them-Fixed bugs that led to me teleporting out of the map-I can no longer climb up walls like spiderman-Redone maps giving more areas to explore-Slightly less clunky movement-Allows you to pick either Spartan mode(shooty shooty bang bang)or Survival (Less supplies and encourages careful gameplay)But oh here are some of the things I dislike:-New voice actor (not big a deal but I miss the old one)-REALLY bright lights, they're blinding me-Unreliable stealth (Easier but way more obnoxious)-Removed the ability to manually equip throwing knives, grenades,and your stabbing knife-Hit detection can really suckNow let me share some of my thoughts1.Removed the ability to manually equip itemsOkay so this to me is only annoying on a personal level.In the original you had to manually equip them meaningit was much more reliable and went through a LOT faster.""Wait but doesn't having it assigned to a single buttonmake it more convenient?"" Well, it should, but the problem hereis that you have to select which one you want to throw froma wheel, which can lead to you sometimes throwing a grenadeat an enemy when you wanted a knife. But that's just me beingdumb, the real kicker is that they take longer to actually deploy.I remember facing hordes of nosalises on the original Metrojust by using throwing knives on Ranger Hardcore with no problems.For here though, the delay on top of the disgusting hit detectionmakes it absolute hell for me to do. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT2.Unreliable Stealth.Okay so what do I mean by this? For the Reduxit uses the stealth mechanic Last Light haswhich essentially turns enemies blind aslong as you're in the dark. You'll have a light on your watch toindicate whether or not you're visible.So how is that unreliable then?Well, the lighting is actually to blame on this one.It can be really hard to determine sometimes what counts asthe darkness. At times when you are clearly in a lighted areathe light doesn't glow and you remain peachy,but the exact opposite can also happenwhere you're in complete darkness but somehowthe light is on and you are visible. The original Metro'sstealth was way better and you also had the option ofbuying a stealth suit or a heavy suit sometime in the game.3. Added ability to knock out opponents.THIS IS AMAZING. In the original Metro no matter how hard I triedto be good I always got the Ranger endingbecause of how many peopleI killed by punching them.WELL NO LONGER! In the Redux punchingpeople will instead cause a proper knockoutleading to no deaths anda happier tomorrow.So that's about it for my take on it. Should you buy it?Well, all of my hatred for this, it was more because I've experiencedthe original and have had a much better time playing it.The Redux is still a solid game thoughand if this is your first time playingMetro games, go for it.All the things I got bothered with shouldn't be a problem for youand you might have an easier time getting used to them than me.Pick it up on a sale or something and I guarantee you'll have anenjoyable time playing Metro 2033"
,Recommended,286690,32985446,Posted: 29 June,all,Ghostgg10,"Stalker's worthy successorThis game is set in post apocalyptic moscow where people go to underground metro due to nuclear winter in surface as a result of nuclear war.you are artyom a dweller in metro and this is your story.This is the first game where I was forced to search every nook and corner for ammo and try not to get in a fight unless until its necessary.Best played in survival ranger hardcore mode where you will think before you do anything.This is the mode to play metroPros:1.Good story,Music and atmosphere2.AI is good not stupid3.has good survival gameplay elements4.stealth is okay[make sure you set gamma right]Cons:1.Story is short,leaving you wanting for more2.Nothing else just buy the damn game and enjoy the life in metro"
,Recommended,286690,12296366,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,=INV= DƦεαδ,"Metro 2033 was definitely showing its age by the time the redux came out. I don't have the original on steam, just on console. It most likely looks much better on pc.The Redux isn't just another ""HD Retexture"" of  2033; it is a complete rebuild of it on the Metro:LL engine. The enhancements made are obvious when you first boot up the game, but I'll do my best to break it down.Graphics:Compared to the orignal's graphics, this is a no contest. The skyboxes are better, the lighting is better, and the textures are better. I think there were a few textures that looked a bit low resolution, but it wasn't a bother. Overall, they more than hold their own against other recent games. 8.5/10Sound:The sounds in Metro Redux are excellent. Everything from ambient noise to the combat sounds were spot on. The ambient noise constantly kept me on edge, and did a great job in adding to the immersion. Personally, I think this is the strongest aspect of the game. 10/10Story:To avoid giving away spoilers, I'm going to keep this brief. It doesn't exactly follow the book, but it is still good, and believable in the context of the game. 8.5/10AI:Probably the worst part of the game. The AI is pretty bad, especially the friendly AI. It will not see enemies even when they are right in front of it, The enemy AI is also disappointing. It seems to ignore obvious signs of the player's presence, and has poor detection capabilities. Once combat starts, it still appears to have trouble finding good ways to engage the player. It blindly runs out of cover, straight into your line of fire, or ends up getting stuck in a neat single-file line as it approaches from a distance. However, it does have its moments, and can put up a serious challenge, especially at higher difficulties. 6.5/10Overall, this game is solid, and well worth the money. If you enjoyed the original, I think you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,286690,11869095,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,stoooges,"Metro 2033 is a survival horror game released in 2010, based off of the novel of the same name. It was well received by critics, and a sequel was released a few years later. Metro Last Light brought an improved engine, as well as many optimisations. The goal of Metro Redux is to graphically improve Metro 2033 while giving the gameplay enhancements provided by 2033's sequel. I say that Redux does it's job very well.Everything has been changed in Redux; 4A has rebuilt 2033 from the ground up in the newest version of the 4A engine, and it shows. The intro videos and main menu screens have been redone, and the graphics options are the same as Last Light. It is also worth noting that the new engine brings the optimisations that Last Light had, so Metro Redux will run well and still look beautiful on old-ish or mid-tier rigs (I can run almost all settings on max, including PhysX, on 1 GTX 770).When starting the game for the first time, you are given the option to choose your play style. Spartan gives you the action filled style that Last Light has, while still maintaining the basic survival horror feel. Survival stays true to 2033 in that ammo is limited, and stealth and ammo conservation are vital. Both modes can also be combined with Ranger, which limits the HUD - this makes the player more observant, while increasing difficulty and immersion. Note that there is no ""Easy"" mode, at least from what I have seen. I chose to play on Spartan Normal (action-feel, while keeping the HUD). All modes include the more forgiving stealth gameplay from Last Light, so stealth is a bit easier and more realistic.The story remains the same, but there are improvements over the original, besides the graphics. Notes are in the world, which expand the story further. I found myself exploring areas looking for notes. The music has been improved, although it is a bit loud for my taste (this can probably be changed in a menu). The sound design is good, but I feel it could have been improved. YMMV, however.To close, I wholeheartedly recommend Metro 2033 Redux to people who enjoy FPS games with tight controls and excellent mechanics. Although there are minor issues (some bad sound design, lack of an Easy mode), the graphics, optimisations, and added gameplay make this an easy recommendation over the original. If you are new to the Metro games, be sure to check out Last Light Redux."
76561198064555184,Recommended,286690,30620191,Posted: 19 March,all,henry.v,"9.2/10.""If it's hostile, you kill it.""This is a great psychological horror, survivial and FPS game, which has elements that remind you of - The Book of Eli, The Road, and even a bit of Fallout.Playing on Survival (and Ranger) mode, makes the game a lot harder, as you find your filters and ammo quickly used up, and replacements harder to find.There isn't a great diversity of enemies, but they are all noticeably different from one another, which will lead you to changing your approach to dealing with them.While, Artyom, never speaks in dialogue, you do become attached to him through the Metro journal entries you find (and which are worth collecting to expand on the story).The ending is strange, and not quite as good as the rest of the game, but it does have an original piece to it."
,Recommended,286690,34381068,Posted: 20 August,all,✯XaRoCa✯,"Although the game is a little old, by dating a 2014 release, the game is still a lot of fun. It does not have a difficult mechanic or even a more complex understanding especially for those who do not know English.[HISTORY]Without spoiler. The story is interesting, it engages you and you want to understand why everything has had a consequence. It happens in Russia where the humans were forced to leave the surface and now take refuge in tunnels (meters), consider the meters as their home and protect it, fight for it. All the problems that humanity already possessed, mainly social and political, are still in the subway. In addition to having to worry about the safety of the people you love within the subway against the evils there, you should also be concerned with what inhabits the surface.[MECHANICS AND GENERAL]The mechanics of the game are simple but enjoyable to play. In general, I found some bugs but nothing that could disrupt my gameplay. In about 10 hours you can clear the game, but I know you have another final, I intend to play later to see this."
,Recommended,286690,16712174,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,King.Elvis,"If we don't end war, war will end us. -H. G. WellsThere isn't much I can say to express my feeling after I achieve the good ending. I rarely spent more than 30 hours for a single-player game. But when I do that, not only does it mean that I fully enjoy this game by its gameplay style, but also I do get attracted by some factors like plots, environment design or atmosphere etc.Metro 2033 is a game talking about what happened after nuclear war between USA and Russia. Unlike fallout series, the game focuses on telling a straight-forward story about how main character Artyom leaves home and tries to seek for help from the center of Metro and the judgments upon him or response to him from different sides while standing as innocent individual. Listening to conversation between different people is encouraged and, sometimes, will reward you some moral points. The information from those conversations would make you, a beginner like Artyom who has no idea about outer world and other people, begin to get a full picture about what’s happening around from different aspects.As a game developing plot after nuclear war, Metro 2033 does a great job create atmosphere by having different kinds of detailed environments built in each chapter, not only making you fully feel the destruction caused by the war but also preventing you from feeling repetitive as you goes through each chapter. Nothing ever beats the realistic feeling of wearing a gas mask, checking the timer from time to time and crawling your way out of stinky sewers or shifted streets, worrying about whether demons or Nazis would find you at the last moment.This game also has military-grade ammo as its currency. You collect them by searching every corner and use them while staying at a station with merchants. It’s not really that useful most of the time but it does provide few options to improve your weapon or switch to others.The difficulty is something I want to talk about. I love ranger hardcore mode so bad because it really brings a realistic feeling of survival with HUDS being removed under this difficulty. However, since it’s the hardest difficulty with survival mode, I actually feel it’s not that challenging at all especially considering that you can sneak through some chapters without shooting a bullet.(by saying that, I actually shot my way through the whole game when I did my first try under Sparta ranger hardcore and I ran out of ammo few times in different chapters.) This isn’t a complaint or showoff, but my first try which went really smooth without any stealth just made me feel like I’m not playing the hardest difficulty but the suitable difficulty for this game.Overall, Metro 2033 is really a good game to try if you’re looking for a solid single-player game with good atmosphere and realistic gameplay experience. The plot is developed well and as Artyom, you will love this short journey with those unforgettable friends who helped you through.And my friend, always remember this quote.“You reap what you sow, Artyom. Force answers force, war breeds war, and death only brings death. To break this vicious circle one must do more than just act without any thought or doubt”-Khan (Metro 2033)"
,Recommended,286690,30695293,Posted: 23 March,all,That Blu Supernova(Vacation),Basically Russian Bioshock.Don't give it to the MW1-3 fanboys.11/10 Interesting Character That Is Not American.11/10 Depression.7/10 Tight Combat.11/10 ARTYOOOMMMM!!!!
,Recommended,286690,22729214,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,One-Trick Phony,Underrated game
,Recommended,286690,23267308,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DE_BLANK,Better than fallout 4
76561198140906297,Recommended,286690,33003315,Posted: 29 June,all,🔰Soldier of Freedom🔰,"I...I realy don't know what to say.....This game changed my view of human life....All the time we have to live every second.I realy love this game.20/10My favourite quote:""If it's hostile, you kill it!""- Hunter"
,Recommended,286690,12596551,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Nesque,"Still stuck by the Librarians, the sound and visuals are too scary.10/10"
,Recommended,286690,23379148,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Practical Problems,+scary atmosphere+upgrading/selling/buying weapon+great design map/stuff/weapon (my favorite is shotgun)+story-this feeling when u have out of ammoArtyom's mind is creepyAfter multi dying I finally finish this gameI love and hate this game.
,Recommended,286690,11887260,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,GowGhay,"On High settings, I get 60 fps all of the time.On Very High settings, I get 60 fps but when I walk into a specific type of bush I drop to 30-40 frames.Bush game too strong. Would walk into a bush again.11/10"
,Recommended,286690,23323249,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ReconSixth,9/10. Gas masks and your rifles are your new best friend.
76561198231060272,Recommended,286690,28083103,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,exNvP,No words about this bundle. Both games are so epic.
76561198014946714,Recommended,286690,11868904,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rax,"Loved the first 2033, now Redux is completely worth the buy. From the upgraded engine to the gameplay is hands down an amazing game, the little details are what makes this Worth it in the end."
,Recommended,286690,22911373,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zhev,Read the books (2035 is out now)Play the gameswallow in horror and be the true Ranger.10/10
76561198083824913,Not Recommended,286690,12407917,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,lincpark,"If you haven’t played the original Metro 2033 then you will probably enjoy this Redux.  However anyone who’s played the original will be disappointed in this Redux.  The Redux incorporates all the bad parts of Last Light and turns this into a more linear shooter game that the original.First of all, as pointed out by others, the lighting system is different.  The original colouring was mostly in brown tones and bathed in a soft yellow light which is what one would expect in tunnels where the artificial light sources are mainly incandescent and gas lights which tend to produce a strong yellow caste.  This yellow caste created a sombre mood and helped to provide a more intimate relationship between Artyom and his environment. Redux uses Last Light’s colouring scheme which creates an unnatural “blue” light as if the tunnels were bathed, not in incandescent lights, but harsh LED lights.  This blue caste looks unnatural and unconvincing and makes everything appear slightly brighter and therefore lessens the mood established in the original.  Also, similar to Last Light, is an over sharpening of all detail which tends to “delineate” everything making objects seem less natural.The gameplay was too similar to Last Light’s gameplay, and to me, Last Light played more like Call of Duty game than a Metro 2033 game.  If anybody thought that the original Metro 2033 was too linear then the Redux is even worse.  You will notice this most when you are topside on the surface.  The Winged Demons play a much bigger role in the Redux and are constantly swooping overhead.  They are used to keep you on very short leash meaning you have to get from point A to point B quickly and I found that I couldn’t really explore the surface as much as I wanted to because of them.  It seemed to me that there was less exploring and stealth encouraged in this game and more fighting like Last Light (I played in Survival mode which was supposed to play like the original Metro 2033 so that was a surprise).The character models are redone and they seem to have more of the plastic, mannequin look that the characters had in Last Light.  The Khan character is the Last Light version (the goofy Pirates of the Caribbean wannabe) not the original designed character.  Unfortunate, the superb, original voice for Artyom has been replaced with the same crappy, read directly from the script, Last Light version.  The Nosalises are the same hairy ones from Last Light and they always looked goofy to me.  Also making an appearance in the Redux are the sonic emitting Winged Nosalis from Last Light.On the plus side the Redux is not entirely a scene for scene remake, there are minor differences and you will be exploring a few expanded areas.  Many of the original areas are slightly redone (landscape slightly different and rooms and buildings slight different) usually incorporating more detail or a redesign from the original.  So even if you recall the original quite well there will be some variation here and there.Is the Redux worth the purchase? Because I owned the original I was able to pre-order the Redux at half price, so it was worth it.   If you never played the original the Redux is worth the full price.  There’s a lot of gameplay for your money and the graphics are top notch.  Besides nobody creates apocalyptic games like the Ukrainians (i.e. Metro 2033, Last Light and the S.T.A.K.L.E.R. series).***Update***I have just replayed the Redux months later and my opinion hasn't changed.  I will say that if you’re a Call of Duty fan or even Resident Evil fan (there's a big gloopy, slimy, bubbly monstrous thing near the end of the game that's right up the alley of Resident Evil so those fans should feel at home at that part) and like blasting things then the Redux is for you.  Also, for you Call of Duty and Resident Evil fans your AI partners that often accompany you on your travels actually fight alongside with you.  As a matter of fact I've sat back and let the AI do a lot of the shooting and killing of the creatures.  So you actually get useful companions."
76561198314310822,Recommended,286690,32346388,Posted: 11 June,all,MrCuriosity,"After playing this game, I definitely want to read the original book. I achieved every achievement in this game, and not got bored. Good stroy with good music, 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,32588434,Posted: 20 June,all,Coffee Addicted,"I finished this game more than 30 times in other platforms too and i never get tired of this amazing game,this is how the remastered games should be..be sure to buy the original book DIMITRI PETRENKO has fascinating story XD"
,Recommended,286690,13147054,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,"Pretty deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ nice story and stuff. I went very close to a pipe in the subway and I heard children crying and screaming and a hand grabbed me. My recommendation, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from pipes.10/10 -Too much water"
,Recommended,286690,16706381,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Big Money Salvia,Official running out of ammo simulator. 11/10
,Recommended,286690,29299389,Posted: 16 January,all,Spuder,"Play the game , then read the book.2033/10"
,Recommended,286690,33911649,Posted: 30 July,all,⚡ SkeltalSkarpy ⚡,"dark, dirty tunnels, hopeless russian wasteland on the surface, mutant attacks coming out of nowhere, amazing atmosphere, you're on the edge most of the time, looking behind you and everywhere for more bullets, more filters, hoping you don't run out.This game is frighteningly immersive, and one of the most fun games I ever played."
,Recommended,286690,33068258,Posted: 30 June,all,〤 MrWorthless,"one of the best games I could have ever played in my entire life, HANDS DOWNmetro 2033: ''apocalyptic moscow where people have to live underground due to a nuclear war, and you're one of those survivors living inside the metro''so atmospheric that you can feel what it's like to walk in the shoes of Artyom (character you play as)the story is fascinating and the graphics are a god sentits a shame that I didnt discover this game until very recently but BETTER LATER THAN NEVER, RIGHT?game had me on the edge of my chair with all the amazing stuff it has, that a lot of other games dont.It felt like when I was discovering games for the first time once again.some pictures that I really liked from the game, pics have no spoilers.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959393026http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959560183http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=960717756edit: bought the trilogy of metro 2033 books from amazonthese games are trully a master piece."
,Recommended,286690,23285381,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,A1binoCatfish,it shows the harsh reality of the life of all the gopniks and all other hardass loving Russians after playing 48hrs of csgo.
,Recommended,286690,11899060,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,» BL1NK «,"fantastic game, everything has been changed in redux, new graphics new textures new mode selection,it's running great, the story remains the same original game,it's worth to buy it 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,25958400,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Страх,"If you haven't played Metro 2033 yet, you really need to. The fact that they updated the graphics to next-gen only gives you even more reason.I don't even know where to begin. The art direction, the intense gameplay, the survival elements, the post-apocaliptic weaponry, level design... Metro 2033 is just barely short of a masterpiece. Except for a few minor setbacks such as weak sound design and a lack of story direction, Metro does almost everything right.For me this is the quintessential post-apocaliptic Russia survival game. The gameplay can be extremely challenging, and the ideas behind all the the game elements were developed with great care. When I play it, it really feels like I'm deep underground trying to fight for my life against the monsters lurking in the Metro. When Artyom begins to asphixiate as his gas mask is cracked, or the filter is running out, the panic begins to set in. I can't tell you how many times my heart was filled with fear as I tried to reload while these monsters swiped at me.You're missing out if you haven't played this game. End of story."
,Not Recommended,286690,12429022,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin's Steam Review of Metro 2033 Redux Edition. My Unhappy Thoughts On This Remake.Genre: First Person Linear Shooter with Horror and Stealth Mechanics.Developed and Published by: 4A Games & Deep SilverPlatform: Windows, Mac, Linux and Consoles.Business Model: Base GameRedux Bundle purchased by myselfI figured with the Redux version that 4A games would bring us the game that they wanted to originally put out along with all of the enhancements, lessons learned over the years and new features their engine could bring to the table. Boy, this was not what I was expecting...BugsIt’s surprising how many bugs still made it through to release. I encountered my fair share and also read about the others encountered on the forums. For example, in the original Metro 2033, the “Trolley Combat” level had a game-breaking bug where the scripted sequence could get completely broken. This required you to restart the level as you couldn’t progress forward anymore. Now, take the Redux version in the same level. There is a bug where if you entered the previous scripted sequence before the level with your night vision goggles on, the game will force them on before you enter the cart, making it nigh-impossible to kill enemies. Only solution to fixing this? Restarting the entire previous level all over and making certain to not put the night vision goggles on before the scripted sequence that causes the bug. I am baffled how these bugs (among others,  as the same script-breaking bug apparently exists in Trolley Combat. Nice.) made it to release. Especially when it involves the same level that was reported to be very buggy the first go around.Graphics & UI TalkSure, I’ll give them some credit. The graphical atmosphere is improved with more special effects and post-apocalyptic textures compared to the original. That’s pretty easy to see from the original with entire rooms made to look more decrepit and affected by the nuclear fallout. Texture texture quality is also significantly better than before. Facial animations don’t look so odd and dated either, though at times the characters look...look like they were transplanted poorly into new bodies. The Physics engine is also better and far less sensitive compared to its predecessor. UI also looks more modern and up-to-date though it gives less information than the previous game did. Not sure how they managed to pull that off.I do disagree with their assertion that the lighting system, AI and weapon handling is better. Mutants feel far more bullet-spongy (even at Ranger difficulty levels) and there’s been some reports that hit-boxes aren’t as good as they used to be. I noticed how headshots at point blank range with a shotgun wouldn't kill the easier mutants. How it handles secondary weapons is a 180 in the wrong direction. Instead of your grenades, knives and other related weapons being easily accessible from keys 6-9, they stow them all away in a single key that is changed by holding tab and moving your mouse in the direction of the weapon you want to use. What. The. Heck. Doing this during combat is overly difficult. This is a consolitis change and I absolutely hate it. Additionally, the AI seems extremely random and unfocused in its thinking. I’ll have some attempts at the level where the AI will completely ignore me and go for the other NPCs around me. Other attempts will result in the entire horde of mutants zerging and overwhelming me. It feels extremely schizophrenic and if this is truly Last Light’s AI engine, I’m not looking forward to playing the sequel.Stealth System OverlookThe stealth system is probably the worst change of the bunch. Instead of having a nuanced three-level stealth system, that at least gives you a chance to recover from almost being seen, it throws it all out for a binary in-stealth and no-stealth system. One little touch of light on you and you will be immediately spotted by the AI. Due to this, it seems like they had to dumb down the AI so that even if a human guard is five inches from your face, they won’t see you so long as you’re in the dark. It’s hilarious and sad at the same time.Final ThoughtsThis remake/redux is an avoid. If you want to experience the best of Metro 2033, the original is the better way to go. The graphics are better, sure, I can agree to that and the optimization is much better than the original. I can definitely agree with that assertion. But the downgraded stealth system, same amount (if not possibly more?) of bugs, less enjoyable combat and quirkyness caused by the port to the new engine doesn’t make it worth it. There are a other changes that I didn't talk about that don't fit well or bring the game down. I was willing to overlook some of these problems until I ran into the game crashing bugs. At which point, I figured I was better off investing my time into finishing the original rather than dealing with this port that could have used a few more rounds of QA and playtesting.Read this review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeA Paladin's Steam Review: Metro 2033 Original EditionA Paladin's Review of Metro: Last Light ReduxExcerpts of Metro Last Light Redux Review"
,Recommended,286690,18423403,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ferris,"The best version of one of the best shooters I have ever played. This version upgrades an already good looking game, adds the gameplay improvements from Last Light, and cleans up a bunch of bugs and gameplay weaknesses."
76561198133628702,Recommended,286690,26571393,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Perfice,"This game is like the perfect mix of horror/action/stealth with a really good story to back it up! The story is based of a bestselling book in Russia which is part of the trilogy. So far only two books have been adapted to video games but once the third book is released (Decemeber 2016) they will most likely start production on the last game.I usually don't go for stealth games and there was a part or two that started to annoy me but as soon as it got that far it was over. The stealth parts of the game that bothered me didn't overstay their welcome or force you to relive them over and over like other horror games sometimes do. Each part seemed like it's own independent portion of the game and it didn't just throw you back into the same situation like many other games do that make you say ""Damn, THESE things again?""I actually think this game may be the best balance of the stealth genre I've seen also. It's not overwhelmingly punishing when you get caught like some stealth games are; you could switch to guns blazing when you get caught. However, it is much more benficial to sneak by enemies as well as fighting enemies will just waste your time and ammo. With the resources spread out like they are an enemy engagement can be costly as you're wasting ammo you may not be able to get back.Another thing I really enjoyed is the currency they use. Currency in this game is literally military grade bullets, as they are the only thing of value in the post-apolycalptic world. The really cool thing about that is that if you run out of bullets for your weapon, which you will at some point, you can switch to using the military grade bullets which deal slightly more damage. Only problem is you are literally wasting money with every shot.5/5This game is definitely worth your time to play. As an added note; they've upgraded the graphics as recently as last year so the developers still haven't forgotten about this."
,Recommended,286690,23996255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"Metro 2033 is undoubtedly one of the best single player Story driven experiences in the FPS genre. The mixture of emotions and pacing of action is very well paced throughout the entire experience. You are calm and collect one moment fixated on the puzzle behind turning on a control switch and unexplainably tense the next frantically checking left and right, up and down as the enemy stalks from the shadows.The Redux edition of the game has only added to the experience and improved the immersion on all levels.If you like a well crafted story, objective experience with moments of hardcore action and suspense then this is a perfect game to play.This deserves a near perfect score!"
76561198091229730,Recommended,286690,22909334,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Casual Cucumber,"So personally i hate horror movies, games, anything with horrorBut i still picked this franchise up becasue of the story and atmosphereand i am not dissapointed, this game was better then i had expected.Stealth and gun play are so satisfyingmy heart started beatting faster sometimes, but that just made the experience betteri gave this 9/10 game of the year for me until now"
,Recommended,286690,32707933,Posted: 23 June,all,PhantomTehM8,Requires Vodka for the full expierence
,Recommended,286690,24487092,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"Metro Redux is the perfect entry point for series newcomers as it combines two of the best shooters in recent times.Metro Redux is far more than a high definition update, it's a truly remastered and definite experience.The Metro series takes place decades after a nuclear strike on Moscow. Survivors populate the underground train system, giant spiders skittle through the tunnels and an unknown threat is beginning to emerge. You play as Artyom, a young man given a mission that will see him attempt to save humanity.Excellent game, great graphics, with a climate of terror, action, all mixed in the right dosage.This type of game is lacking in the market, Metro is a game of extreme quality."
,Recommended,286690,33860389,Posted: 28 July,all,FAF Corp.GeneralFAF,"Pros:- First, If you ever play Half-Life series, I definetely recommend this game for you.- It's not just about phew-phew or shooting some bad peoples, monsters, etc. You must learn to survive with limited ammo supplies, medkit, and filters (it's very important for you to stay alive)- Mostly in this game, there are 2 approaches to finish the games. First you can be like a Rambo, shooting all bad peoples and monsters you see (and of course, you must manage all your supplies harder). Or you can stealthily kill or knock out bad peoples, reach the objective through bad monsters stealthily.- And there is so called ""Moral Points"". Like it's name, the ending of the game depends on your choices and your act throughout the game. Because of that, it open more replay value after you finish the game for the first time.Cons:- Well, I don't know exactly this is pros or cons. But, maybe it's cons.If you don't like creepy, spooky atmosphere. This game has creepy/spooky atmosphere in entire gameplay.- An english dubbing with russian accent, make me confuse and don't understand the story sometimes. That's why I always on the subtitle. But, it can reduce all the immersive feel that this game gives"
,Recommended,286690,30699312,Posted: 23 March,all,EmptyBlue,"Fantastic story, deep gameplay and engrossing atmosphere. One of the best post-apocalyptic games of all timeI recommend"
,Recommended,286690,33243409,Posted: 4 July,all,Honey Cocaine,Cheeki Breeki 9/10♥♥♥♥♥
76561198192904458,Recommended,286690,26619495,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zero-Max,Stunning and thoughts provoking. Challenging and very interesting.
76561198364654283,Recommended,286690,34209804,Posted: 13 August,all,teddysquater,"ABSOLUTELY LOVE this game for:+immersive post-apocalypse vibe (when you explore a derelict tunnel or stealthily penetrate into hostile territory)+perfect balance between fast-paced combat and a downtime to wander around a station at peace+unique storyline adapted from the original fiction, without sacrificing the rich details and the philosophy of the novel+a good fun to customize your weapons with a wide range of gadgets9/10"
,Recommended,286690,25026029,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GrizzlyOne95,"I discovered this game in a dark time of my life. Ironically, playing as Artyom in this very dark game filled with personal struggle, really resonated with me.Sorry for being emotional. But anyway, this game is freaking awesome. Maybe I AM just too emotional, but this game literally played with my heart strings the whole time, giving me almost painful feelings from utter sadness, to relief, to pounding fear, to goofy humor.I think it is rare that a game carries with it such a depth, capable of arousing deep and lasting emotions/memories in the player (at least this one). Not only is the story amazing and based on a novel, but nearly all the locations in the game are spot on to real life Russia (seriously, google map that sheeet).The dialogue in this game is absolutely hilarious too, one of my personal favorites happening when you make a sound during stealth, and the enemy soldier says, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ what was that? Ah, must be hearing things. Too many shrooms after all."" You really learn a lot by listening and exploring in this game, in fact, it's nearly crucial. It really feels like you are exploring the real world of the Metro, as you never see the end of the world in-game. I personally found this to be incredibly immersive.I don't want to spoil anything, but know that if you embark on this journey known as Metro 2033/Last Light, you won't be able to shake its story easily. At the end of Last Light I literally bawled my eyes out at the ending, because the weight of the game's story and memories crashed down on me and I was struck with the heroism of the protagonist.Wow, sorry for waxing poetic, just get this game. You get too throw knives at people, knock them out, kill mutants, get drunk, pursue enemies, explore creepy post-apocalyptic worlds, and save humanity. Do yourself a favor and try this game out and be immersed in the Metro."
,Recommended,286690,24790834,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The attack on Pearl Harbor was a,"If you don't care or just don't pay too much attention to all that""We atomized Heaven, Hell and Purgatory, so when a soul leaves the body it has nowhere to go, and remains here, in the Metro""mumbo jumbo, and your game runs smoothly and doesn't crash, then you'll get to see a very special detail...Atmosphere... no.The Atmosphere.Moments when you're alone in the tunnels surrounded by mutants or when you're outside, in the cold dead city, looking for ammo: these moments are what makes this game so ♥♥♥♥ing good."
76561198069851000,Recommended,286690,26411085,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Desert,"So you likes the russia, you buy.You like nuclear winter, you buy.You like survival ,you buy.You likes the vodkas and the good story,you buy.You buy, no problem.You don't buys ,problem.Ok, let's put it like this, you can play this game anyway you like it and you will be rewarded or punished.This is a linear game, with a really good story and a special survival mechanic that makes you feel like everything matters.Millitary rounds  left behind by WW3 work as currency,so you should choose the guns you like from the beginning,so you can upgrade those or just keep some bullets handy to get some refitted filters for your mask, because well, you will see face to face the horrors of nuclear winter; I felt so sad when I saw a violet sun being covered by the dust on the air.I was running away from some beasts in a tunnel, no makeshift ammo available just my precious military rounds, I was dumb enough to save my life using those, later on I almost died beacuse I didn't have anything to sale or bullets to spend on some filters.Met a Nazi patrol in some raided station, I killed every ♥♥♥♥er  just throwing knives , they thought the spirits  were after them, sig hiel my♥♥♥♥♥I love this game...And the people behind this game loved making it, you can perceive it."
76561198048974498,Recommended,286690,35183514,Posted: 24 September,all,rjmacready,"Fancy a first person shooter with oodles of action? You've come to the right place. Fancy a richly-drawn world, with loads of colourful characters and a fair dose of that ""story"" stuff? You've come to the right place. Fancy an immersive post-apocalyptic sci-fi setting with a generous side-helping of spookiness and horror? You've come to the right place.Fancy a reasonably ""open"" world with lots of nooks and crannies to explore, OR a fairly linear game in which you can enjoy a constant sense of progress by sticking to the main paths? You've come to the right place. Fancy a game where you can save up currency to customise weapons in various fancy guises, OR a game in which you can pretty much just keep picking up the weapons your enemies drop without much thought as to what the new gun does other than, y'know, shoot an' stuff? You've come to the right place. Fancy frequently having a choice between a more action OR stealth-oriented style of gameplay? Then I'm pleased to say, my friend, that you have come to the right place.Welcome, all, to Metro 2033. It's gonna be a bumpy ride, but not one you're likely to regret, pretty much whoever you are.Verdict: 9.5/10.(PS A slightly lame ending, but not enough to greatly diminish an otherwise amazing experience.)"
76561198134175970,Recommended,286690,25341085,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Frost_LK-7T2,"I guess it's time to review Metro 2033 Redux. Let's give it a go ladies and gentlemen- What is Metro Redux?Well Metro Redux is a remastered version of the 2010 Metro 2033 and the 2013 Metro:Last Light!Also , every of these games are based on the MASTERPIECE book saga called Metro ( Metro 2033, Metro 2034 and the latest Metro 2035 )- The StoryIt's the year 2012..the whole world is basically ♥♥♥♥ed up. there was a nuclear war..everything is destroyed! In Russia , 20,000 people survived the nuclear detonation by hiding in the underground Metro System of Moscow. And of course with Nuclear Detionation..usually comes Radiation! Many of the animals of the surface got mutated , and now they're dangerous creatures you will encounter both in metro and on the surface. Also worth mentioning that because of the radiation , you can't breath without a Gas Mask.You play as Artyom , a 21 old Russian ( Yes the game takes place Russia ) who lives on the VDNKh station. This Station get's attacked multiple times by unknow creatures who easily slaughter every guard of the station. Artyom gets a visit from a Polis Ranger called Hunter , and then Hunter will give a mission to Artyom..the mission goal is : Reach Polis and try to help your home station survive.-The GameplayFlawless. Amazing First Person shooter , the mechanics are really good! you can stealth in the game some parts , or you can just go guns blazing! You can hold three guns at once ( only two on Ranger Hardcore ) and that is amazing! Stealth is amazing , loved how you can knock out guards or just kill them. the game also has two playstyles called ""Spartan"" and ""Survival"". Spartan focuses on players who love guns blazing , and want to collect a lot of ammo! Survival focuses on players like myself , who rather sneak their way through when they have a chance! this whole playstyle thingy is amazing to have.-The GraphicsThe game looks AMAZING on Ultra settings! AMAZING. the shadows ..the characters..everything looks amazing! but when you get on the surface..man..one of the most beautiful games i every played.- Positive Things :- amazing and respectful re-creation of the 2010 game.- Superb gameplay- Different playstyles for different players- The Story's differences from the book were clever! if you read the book and you come to play this game , there will be suprises since they changed a few things!- Multiple Endings- EXTREMELY good graphics- Negative Things :- None.Final Verdict : 10/10. Amazing Game. TOTALLY worth full price. I also recommend the amazing books if you haven't already checked them. if you love the book or just love these Post-Apocalyptic games , this game is for you."
,Recommended,286690,30279152,Posted: 2 March,all,janistheberzins,"Metro 2033 universe blow up when the original game came out. This redux does more than a justice for a game, that supposed to immerse yourself into this grey and hopeless metro world. Compared to a book it is weaker and whoever loved the game, reading a book is a must.As for the graphics and gameplay everything is top notch, but the story. If they would stick to the book, the game would be much more pleasent.In any way, this is an excelent game and the one you should play, if you are into post-apocalyptic stuff."
76561198140483973,Recommended,286690,11868613,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rick,"WOW  JUST  AMAZING , bought the orginal to play while i was waiting for this to be release,  it looks so good  and already im finding new  content . excellent !!"
,Recommended,286690,30802135,Posted: 28 March,all,A Tomato,"If it's hostile, you kill it.Metro 2033 is the video game adaptation to Dmitry Glukhovsky's eponymous book, detailing the struggle of humanity to survive in a lethal world created by a cataclysmic war.The Redux edition of the game carries several changes to its presentation, graphics and art design, level design and gameplay, and I find most of these additions to be very welcome.Immersion is this game's strongest card, and it delivers it even from the main menu, which is rendered in great detail as a 3D space, and various desk items and screens light up depending on your choice. Being based on a best-selling book, it also has a head start in the plot, dialogue and character development departments.From a technical standpoint, Metro 2033 already looked sharp: high detail shadows, high resolution textures, Analytical Anti-Aliasing for a crisp image, volumetric particles, and one of the best lighting engines I've seen. It turns out the dark, cramped confines of the Moscow metro provides the perfect opportunity to bring the best lighting your engine can handle. The Redux version not only manages to look even better, but even runs better on a wider range of hardware: I can enjoy faux-4K ultra quality at a stable 60fps on my desktop, while my laptop is content with 0.5x upscaling and medium settings.The artistic side hasn't been neglected either, as there's now a much wider palette of faces and appearances any random human can have in the game, making it less likely to see the same face on two different dudes. The other creatures have been given an upgrade, as well, so they look really good while scaring you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then disemboweling your character.Where it fails somewhat in the graphics department is the animation: it is moderately better than the standard Metro 2033, but you still have moments of floaty character movement, weird camera gliding, and other such oddities when cutscenes happen.Sound is a mixed bag overall, and my greatest gripe with the game overall. The music, all in all, is good. It fits the atmosphere and kicks in when needed. Spoken voice lines are just a tad underwhelming. The sound effects, however, are for the most part stock sound effects. Generic revolver firing sound, generic lion roars for some monsters, and even some environmental impact sounds (concrete, wood, glass) are exactly like the ones from Half Life 2. I can't not pay attention to them, as they disrupt my suspension of disbelief even for a split second.Gameplay is a mix of First Person Shooter and Survival Horror. Fittingly for a post-apocalyptic game world, whenever you're not sneaking and shooting around, you're looting whatever you can for the much needed scraps of ammo that also double, in one case, asmoney.Military Grade 5.45mm Rounds, in a pinch, will make short work of most enemies, but then again, you'll be literally shooting money. Your arsenal of firearms go from the mundane revolvers and real-world rifles, to submachine guns clobbered up from bits of other guns, revolving shotguns made from bicycle parts, a heavy machine gun adapted to fire shotgun shells, and various ball-bearing or arrow firing pneumatic and electromagnetic weapons.There is a minimal heads up display on the lower difficulties, but steeping into the Ranger difficulties cuts down even those sparse elements, leaving you reliant almost entirely on memorisation of your resource amounts, as well as on your vision, breathing and heartbeat for your current status. Your waypoint is shown by bringing up a dossier, with its compass (or the included lighter's flame) pointing towards your next objective. Even some of your weapons have diegetic ""readings"" for remaining ammo or pressure, most notably the Kalash, thanks to its always visible translucent magazine.As difficulty increases, supplies and ammo become increasingly scarce - expect no more than 1 bullet per stripper clip you find on Ranger Hardcore, for instance - merchant transactions work more and more against you, and everything deals more damage and takes less pounding. A second-long burst of weapons fire or two claws from some monsters will become enough to do you in.Direct combat almost always comes at a loss on higher difficulties. Thankfully, you have a revised stealth system in the Redux edition, where instead of only being able to avoid or kill enemies from the shadows, and having a gradual visibility system that didn't quite work well, now you only have a ""you can be seen""/""you can only be seen when literally in someone's face"" display on your watch, and you can also just knock out enemies with hilarious punches, chops and elbows to the neck or face.Also, that very good lighting system? It works wonders to scare the crap out of you with things that you can't see, but can hear!Redux also brings forth Metro: Last Light's weapon customisation system, making it so that instead of scrounging for an exact weapon setup that suits your needs, you can just install the desired weapon mods, within monetary reason of course.It's not a long story, and it doesn't have to be. You'll be looking at between 7-12 hours to complete the game, depending on your skill and chosen difficulty. I will say, though, that the Metro gamesare best experienced on Ranger Hardcore difficulty.It perfectly encapsulates the dog-eat-dog nature of the new world humans live in, and creates a sense of tension and fear that becomes absent when you have an abundance of resources and the means to recover from a failure.As a part of the Redux Bundle, Metro 2033 Redux is absolutely worth your time. The original, while still flawed, was a great game in its own right, and with this update it is a hearty recommendation. For the $8 I spent on the bundle, it is a must buy."
76561198085276713,Recommended,286690,28612282,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jimbotitanic,"Metro redux (both titles) are probably the greatest games out there right now and that includes ALL of the new releases. These games have the complete package since the redux. Exellent character and voice acting, brilliant story based on Dmitry Glukhovsky's books and the graphics are very nice too. I have played many first person shooters over the years but I always come back to these games. If you ever want a first person shooter with the atmosphere you can cut with a knife, buy this game. Trust me you will not regret it 11/10"
76561198077222093,Recommended,286690,18256092,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mah,"Metro 2033 Redux is a post-apocalyptic survival horror game. The team behind the game is 4A Games and was first released on march 16 2010 and greatly reworked and overhauled last year with the new 4A engine created for Last Light(sequel). I've finished the first release in 2011 but could not resist to not to play the redux version.Here are some pros/cons:+creepy atmosphere throughout the whole game+astonishing good story+very well made animations+almost no pre-rendered cutscenes+all levels have two styles of gameplay(stealth or spartan)+many ways of completing a level+russian accents+characters are very detailed, each with his own story+moral point system+diverse achievements-english synchronization of children-most of the time when you are in a group, the monsters attack only youI've finished the game on spartan as on survival and I enjoyed it like I was playing the game for the first time!i would recommend the game to all who loves being scared the crap out of you.""Now on to playing Last Light Redux""It's getting a The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award from me."
,Recommended,286690,23340927,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Gosumania,"This game is terrifying. Not in an everything is creepy sort of way, but in the way that you feel as if your survival is actually at stake. The story is fantastic! The gunplay is satisfying, and the amount of weapon customization options is great. The environments look incredible.Overall a very enjoyable FPS"
,Recommended,286690,24157492,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,sOIIOs,I thought that this was the current state of Russia
,Recommended,286690,16688329,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,I played Metro 2033 6 playthoughs 165 hours and still have it as one of my all time favorite PC games.When I bought Metro *2033* REDUX I was completely unaware of its new contents. Its Metro  2033  taken to a new level  with all new game play dialogue music achievements graphics and game engine .Every chapter has something new to offer and explore.The creatures and monsters of Metro are uglyier and harder to take down .The 'librarian' and 'demon' are foes to be taken serious. I've already played it 1 playthough and reloaded many of the chapters to get the 'blogger' achievement and others  I missed along the way.  The story never seems to get old and I enjoyed it more then ever.  With a few achievements left I will enjoy it for another playthough or two and highly recommend it.Since this review I have played 4 complete playthoughs and started a fifth. It never gets old!
,Recommended,286690,25799014,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sassan al-Habbah,"Great reamke of 2033. So atmospheric and nice stealth fps. It make you think abut wolrd, and our futureAs Artyom you must survive in hostile radioactive world. You will meet lots of different monsters and people. Graphics is stunning. Lighting is beautiful. You can choose from many weapons and customize them! The game isn't long, but it doesn't matter.ProsGraphicsAtmosphereStoryStealthMapsConsShort (10-20hrs)OverallVery good and entertaining remake of one of the best amospheric post-apocalyptic game! I Recommend buy it with Metro: Last Light Redux !"
,Recommended,286690,26563272,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ryan,"Metro 2033 Redux is perhaps one of the best games I have ever played. It is riveting in it's story, atmosphere, and gameplay. The game looks beautiful and it runs great, I had zero problems with it in these aspects. The game's story is linear but it has two ending which you can dictate by your actions throughout the entire game by earning 'morale points'. The atmosphere of the game is what makes it unique. This games pulls you in to this harsh world underground, and really shows you how hard of a life it is. (I played on hardcore ranger my first time.) This is especially noticable on the surface where you can only store 15 minutes of oxygen in your filters and you have to either be quick about it for scavange for more while your up there. I almost didn't finish the game as I was on the very last stretch, literally 1 minute from game end and I had less than 1 filter left. I managed but it was intense. This game is intense, that is why it is so good. It pulls you into the game, into the story and you become hooked. I would highly recommend this game if it sounds interesting. Pick this game up whenever it goes on sale if your interested you won't be let down."
,Recommended,286690,31589268,Posted: 6 May,all,Sam.350,One of a kind experience! Its like the developers designed the game based on my nightmares..I started Metro: Last Light right after finishing this one! Great games!
,Recommended,286690,28772808,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Milkman -IRU-,"Metro 2033 Redux is a heart-wrenching, terrifying classic. I have not even finished yet (I am a big majority of the way through, however) and this is easily one of my favorite games of all time.Based of the book 'Metro 2033', it gives it an even better sense of realism as you spend a lot of your time lurking through the Moscow maze of an underground metro. You are given a brief chance to learn the game, however the more-complicated things are addressed, and you are literally rolled into the post-apocalyptic, mutant-inhabited hell that is Metro. There is no turning back, and the fate of neo-Russia and humanity lies within a dogtag you carry to Polis.You will have a teammate to help and guide you when you want one, however I hope you do not get attached easily. You will be alone in the dark with only 50 rounds when you don't want to be (seems like a lot of ammo at the time...). After running out of bullets for the seventh time (and scores of times to come) you will STILL ask yourself, ""How in the name of Stalin will I pull through this, comrade?"" Every shot counts. This game beautifully and 'benevolently' forces you to not dwell when you are on the surface, and you have to basically jog through buildings, scanning the decayed concrete ground and bodies for rounds, notes and MORE FILTERS while your pre-War gas mask filters are burning like fuses. Oh, did I mention the F***ING WATCHERS? Yes, they and the demons (""b*tches"" -Uncle Bourbon) will ensure you sprint through the city ruins if up-to 20 minutes of filters aren't enough of a challenge for you. Also, the game seemlessly keeps you as the main character in the game by making your lack of speech not awkward, unlike other games (the script flows very well, even when you are being talked to, basically).There's not more I can really say; this game is 9.9/10 and I'm very much looking forward to finishing it and starting Metro: Last Light Redux. One last thing: You will be speaking in a Russian accent for days to come. Embrace it, and push on through the grimy, dangerous tunnels, comrade!"
,Recommended,286690,26707158,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BlackFangs473,"I don't usually write reviews, but I have to for this game. If you ever considered buying this game. Get it. If you've ever heard of this game. Get it. If you're a human being and have the option of getting this game. Get it. This game is the most fun I've had in a long time. I absolutely recommend this game to everyone and anyone. The atmosphere and graphics are superb. The story is phenomenal. The controls and gameplay is amazing. The lore and journals you pick up in-game is interesting and really gives you insight on what's happening. This game has officially become one of my favorite games of all time. I adore this game. Please buy this. I beg of you. I promise you'll love it and won't regret your purchase. The ending isn't the best and is kind of a cliff hangar, but who cares? They made the second game. Speaking of, I'm going to go start playing that. Seriously buy this f**king game."
76561198121740214,Recommended,286690,33172375,Posted: 3 July,all,DustyDust,"play once again after watching the trailer for the future metro exoduslet's start by the down side of the game:- linear game (lowering the difficulty by a huge margin even after one or two year since last play_ next time i should try to wipe my memories with vodka)- the game get  very short on a second play (damn memories again)- the stealth system is... very OP, you can take down a whole lv with ease- the npc that come with you are invicible and you can let them do all the job (saving ammo)good side- visual effect; the wrist watch show your pc clock & timer for filters- no HUD difficulty- you can see the ammo in magasine, and know how many you have left (decrease when shooting)- 2 differents ending, good story- weapons & weapons mod are enjoyable- vodka in game-S.T.A.L.K.E.R referencethe original metro 2033 was out in 2010, and the redux (taking back the last light gameplay, and new graphics) in 2014so 8.9/10 for redux because it's a 2010-2014 gameif it was resealed today, i would only give a 4 or 5 mainly because the replay is too short and easyon the other hand i have great hope for Exodus... fallout siberia edition, snowpercier/the last station/kanaberi of the iron fortress - simply trains, metro universe + weapons, vodka..."
,Recommended,286690,24092753,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,branch,10/10 Have never been so scared of a librarian in my life.
,Recommended,286690,31948728,Posted: 25 May,all,KBXCN,"It took me through a rollercoaster of emotions.I've been terrified, exhilerated, amazed, saddened and angered all in the span of one playthrough.An amazing rendition of a book through the medium of a videogame, telling a morbid story of life underground.A beginning of an end, and I loved every moment.Just remember, you can adventure through this world as the way God intended...Or you can go guns blazing and just ♥♥♥♥ everything up, so enjoy it how you want."
76561198080163904,Recommended,286690,30718686,Posted: 24 March,all,Heruka,"Metro 2033 is a well crafted game. Post apocalytic games like Fallout are normally set in America, so it is great to see a developer focus on Moscow instead. Unlike Fallout, the game is level based rather than open world. Most of the levels are quite linear with limited exploration, but there are several levels populated with bandit, Commies or Fascists that can be handled in different ways. The AI of mutant enemies is simplistic, but human AI is very good for a game. If you attack them openly with unsilenced weapons rather than use stealth to avoid them or quietly  take them down in a dark place, all nearby humans will begin hunting you down.If you are intending to play the game, one thing to take note of is that there are 2 different endings, and the better ending if only accessible if you have a reasonably high 'karma'. You gain karma points by being generous, by approaching the dark ones, by obeying orders, listening to conversations in their entirety, by exploring, and by using stealth in certain situations rather than killing all humans in certain levels.You will required at least 2 playthroughs to get all of the achievements, but you can get most of them in a single playthrough followed by replaying certain chapters.I recommend reading the novel Metro 2033 first before playing the game. The outlines of the story are the same, but there are significant differences between the game and the novel.I recommend using Reshade to tweak the graphics, particularly it's sharpening shaders, since Metro 2033 is a bit soft due to FXAA like antialiasing which you cannot disable.Bugs: The game is quite stable and bug free, with a single exception. Sometimes the game would lock up when loading a new chapter. I do not know the cause, and had to kill the process using Task manager, and restart the game.Suggestions for improvement: More weaponsFaster start (at the main menu)An open world version of the game with an entire subway system to explore as well as Moscow above ground."
,Recommended,286690,23061083,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,hoimingmissile,"Original Review for non-Redux versionIt is not a long game but that is not a flaw in my eyes. The game is based on a Russian short novel, which I have not yet read, but the quality of its content is evident in this adaptation. One of Metro's greatest draws is the atmosphere. (Protip: Play using Russian spoken language with English text.) This is one of those games that can be held up as an example that video games are an art, just like movies, books, or music.Gameplay itself is fairly no-frills FPS. No traces of RPG elements here to foster Completionism. As such, replayability factor for this game is analogous to re-readability for a book: It will be entirely determined by how well you personally liked it and wish to experience it again. This game is also similar to a book in that the narrative doesn't really change in any way from playthrough to playthough. The game is almost entirely linear. The only split comes at the very end when you can choose between two different endings. (Only one of which is canon.)Review of Redux versionBesides the graphical improvements the biggest changes would be the altered diary text and slightly altered missions. Honestly, as a whole I have to say that I like the original better. The new diary text is peppered with spelling errors and I can't even say the content of the writing is really an improvement over the original.On the plus side, the gameplay mechanics have been updated to Last Light levels so that you can now knock out and silently melee kill human enemies whereas in the original the melee attack was always noisy."
,Not Recommended,286690,12132337,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Mana,"In my honest opinion. Redux offers some texture upgrades and some better character and mutant models. Personally, I've grown fond of the more creepy design of the mutants from the original game and therefor am not a fan of the new models, but arguably they look better.However, the lightning model in this remake is absolutely sheit compared to the original. In this game it's completely binary. Either you are lit or you are not. There is nothing inbetween. This produces a jarring ""pop in"" when you get near enough to a light source and suddenly you light up. In addition, this applies to the lightning effects overall. They are very sharply defined and flashlights look MUCH worse in this game compared to the original. There are no more projected lights. Lights are instead bitmapped and produced by shaders, causing a much worse picture overall. Lightning is also nowhere near as smooth as the original, causing the world to look sterile and artificial, rather than gloomy and atmospheric.Stealth takedowns and stealth knockouts make an entry as well as quick-keys for throwables and melee attacks. That's a big plus. You can wipe your gasmask from dust, snow and blood which is neat. However, the drawbacks FAR outweigh the positives.AI for humans is all but brain dead. They have no accuracy whatsoever so the only time you are really going to die (even on Ranger Hardcore) is when you screw up badly and get stormed or get caught out without cover. Stealth mechanics are so hideously simplified that the AI will not see you even if you stand right in front of their face, but not lit. They do not react to sounds around them unless it's extremely close, making stealth a child's play. In addition, the binary lightning engine makes stealth a frustrating experience as you might suddenly just POP out of stealth because you happened to cross that silly border too close to a light source.In 2033 original you can instead see on your arms, weapon and overall on the world how light it is, and the lightning system has multiple layers and is gradual rather than binary.In closing the mutant AI is frustratingly gamey in Redux. Even though you have 3-4 NPCs around you that are far nearer to the mutants than you are, most mutants will just ignore them and beeline towards you, making most mutant battles a silly backpedaling-while-firing fight rather than a tactical fight with the help of NPCs. Mutants are also much more bullet sponges than they were in the original, causing even Ranger Hardcore to feel more gamey, which is not a good thing.In addition the hit detection is changed in Redux. It's much more simplified compared to the original. In Redux, a thrown knife is an instant kill no matter where you hit your enemy (humans that is. Mutants are far more resilient). Provided you actually hit to begin with. The hit detection is remarkably glitchy and I've had more than one arrow, dagger, whatever pass straight through an enemy. Gone is the very detailed hit detection of the original where you really had to aim for exposed skin to make a clean kill with the knife or pneumatic weapons. If your knife hit a piece of armor, a pouch or even an arm or a leg, the enemy would be alerted to your presence and not just stiff up and die.In short, do I recommend this? Sadly I do not. In the beginning I could ignore all the texture bugs, the animation bugs, the excessive clipping and the awful voice acting. But as the game progressed in came horrible AI, severely dumbed down stealth and lightning mechanics and a huge downgrade how hit detection is made. I implore you not to fall for the ""shiny"" and get this. Instead, buy the original and experience Metro 2033 as it was MEANT to be. This is just another terrible consolitis game."
76561198289764316,Recommended,286690,23734456,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chrononaut,"A wonderful experience that I would highly recommend to most gamers.The story is great, the world looks breath-taking and the gameplay feels truly gripping. All in all this is an incredibly atmospheric game that will completely suck you in. I truly felt like I lived in the apocalyptic metro tunnels of Moscow for as long as I played this game and although I was happy to step back into the real world, I thoroughly enjoyed the ride!If you find this on sale... what are you waiting for!"
,Recommended,286690,35251207,Posted: 27 September,all,Captain ScopeLEX,"Surely, i'm way too late to write a review for this intensive Metro 2033. A title which is based on novel book called Metro 2033 by russian author, Dimitry Glukhovsky. Later on, developed by 4A Games and published by THQ. Through my experience, i could say Metro 2033 was an auspicious for me. Because this inflicted an immersive experience to me which i enjoyed with very amusing mind. Now let me share my thoughts about my experience in few aspects.8.9/10, A fierce survival experience with engrossing atmospheres - AaronStorySeemed like story is one of the iconic features of this title. I would say it's story wasn't that strong but kind of welfare. The story has been featured with post-apocalyptic theme. A journey of lone soldier who was grown in fierce and horrific atmospheres. Afterwards, he became a soldier and found himself in an immersive and survival journey which we are gonna experience. I thought the story has been represented flanks of distressful person along survival experience. Alongside, i could see the human nature through all the actions of all characters. This story has showed me what human has been doing for decades like excruciating innocents without even knowing their reasons. Even innocents can be noxious to protect their own lives because situation makes them. Human always sacrifices for their own reasons but not for others. Like other creatures or kind. That's been very unusual occurrence. So i found this is very artful in this story. Still this story has more segments to conceive and that would lift your spirits.GameplayGameplay, totally the major feature of this title. Honestly, i really loved the whole gameplay. Like surviving through an immersive atmosphere with variable creatures and hostiles. Alongside, there are some cautions which would make your experience more complex and aggressive. About combat, i got very tactful weapons to execute hostiles like AK-47 and Shotgun. You'll have more weapons to buy and use. Also you can dominate with melee attack when you'll be in more difficult situations. In game, you can easily compete with your objective from your given compass and map directions. Also you got lighter to find your way in dark situations. I guess lighter's really one of nonpareil things in this title. You won't be alone all the time though. You'll be accompanied by your allies in few counted chapters. But they'll be gone eventually. Like in most competitive situations. Through your experience, you gotta be very discreet about your ammo and other stuff like filters of gas mask, medikits. Most of the time you'll be using your gas mask to survive through that post apocalyptic atmosphere. So you need to carry out plenty of filters with you all the time. You gotta keep your eyes on ammunition as well. You can buy your ammo and survival stuff in very few spots. This is what makes your survival experience far more complex. So guess your survival experience would be very prodigious.Visuals and moreVisuals seemed really astonishing. In very motions, visuals looked so excellent after their remaster work. Guess this would compete with this generations's realistic creations. About characters, they were looking more absolute. Designed with gentle affable expressions and moves. About atmospheres, creators has put their very astute efforts to make a detailed and dull looking atmosphere. Like an atmosphere what would creep you out. All those whispers and roars of dark creatures used to scare me out. Because atmosphere used to become aggressive and even more dark whenever i heardfearsome whispers around me.Performance and moreI had flawless performance on this when i played it. Truly, i didn't find any kind of bugs, errors, crashes or any thing else you might face. Tell you what, i rarely face crashes and errors in any game but i won't say the same for bugs though. By the way, i'm getting unbreakable 60 FPS with highest presets. But i played on downgraded config like Intel Core i5 4590, R9 390 STRIX and 6GB Ram. Still had no deficiency. Just to be informative, Download takes 6.2 GB and then installation requires 8.1 GB of space.Soundtrack and scoresThis title has apprehended some spiffy background scores. All those scores has been perfectly matched with their dull and horrific atmospheres. Those scores would surely make your survival experience more intensive and immersive.So folks, if you are still beware of this title then just put your eyes on it. As always i personally guarantee you that you wont be disappointed by this, only if you push yourself into an immersive and fierce experience like this. Obviously this is worth of it's price."
,Recommended,286690,11894672,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,TheDevil,For those of you having issues installing I am very sorry. This game is kickass and beautiful. Hopefully those of you who are unable to get in have a patch coming your way soon. Everything looks so much better then i could have imagined after only having seen screenshots before I bought the game. Regardless of how much brighter the underworld is then the original the Librarian sequence is and I swear to god just as scary if not scarier then the original. I have a pretty sweet asus sound card for my Sennheiser HD 598 head phones. The sounds in this game are so creapy at times that I had to take my headphones off and switch over to my speakers. This was due to i was jumping and turning around way to often like a ♥♥♥♥♥. The audio bump from Metro 2033 to Redux is amazing although it does take a decent open ear headset with a soundcard to truely enjoy. My daughter walking on sqeaky floorboards above me was often mistaken for in game sound thats how unbeleivably clear it is. Most scenes are startling however this game does throw you into a ton of run for your life moments especially in the harder difficulties on Survival mode. Survival mode really does make you think hard about your weapon setups which to me adds a whole new level of tension. Out of ammo = run and hope u can get to the next objective which happened to me frequently LOL. I will totally RLTW again with Ranger difficulty on Spartan mode.  11/10 for doing such a good job resurecting one kick♥♥♥♥♥game.Avoid bushes in combat they are too OP. ;)To all of you out there posting negative reviews due to crashing or bugs without posting system specs and OS you are not helping any one.MB: ASUS z87 proCPU: Intel 4770RAM: Gskill 8gigs 1600 in dual channelGPU: Gigabyte Gtx 760Sound: Asus Xonar Essence STXDrive: Samsung 840 Pro 512gbPSU: Corsair TX750OS: Win8.1 pro 64
,Recommended,286690,12308156,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dr Zeus,Like Skyrim with Russia
76561198069836657,Recommended,286690,33138753,Posted: 2 July,all,RelativeThought,"Very immersive world. Fun, ammo management, shooter"
,Recommended,286690,14799299,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Moki,>Quadbarrel ShotgunsWorth it.
,Recommended,286690,17852923,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Whiskeybits,"Metro 2033 was an ugly game, full of bugs and game breaking glitches, but that added to its low budget charm. It was tense, gritty and immersive and had a whole lot of character. Redux makes the game beautiful, fixes those bugs and I haven't ran into a single game breaking glitch.As someone who's beaten the original 2033 multiple times, I can say Redux is worth a shot if it's on sale. It's the same as the first game at its core but it does have numerous changes. The best changes being that the textures don't look so muddy and awful, the character models are much better and there are more than five of them this time around. Extra weapons and attachments which were in Last Light have also been added to the game, along with more songs for the soundtrack. The biggest flaw Redux has which the original does not is the stealth however. 2033 was incredibly broken when it came to stealth, enemies could spot you on the other side of a corridor if you so much as stepped an inch out of the shadows; they'd sometimes detect you when you haven't even done anything and immediately everyone within a 10 mile radius would be pumping lead into you. It was unforgiving, frustrating but it made beating every stealth section even better. To Redux's credit it tries to fix this by copying the stealth of Last Light, which has the opposite problem in that it's far too easy. You can walk right up to enemies, even bump into them, and they won't notice you until you fire, walk infront of them or are in the radius of a light source. There isn't a whole lot of challenge to being stealthy with one or two exceptions.The difficulty is still high in every other aspect however. Gunfights on Ranger mode may as well have a leaderboard to see who can last the longest when not behind cover because it's essentially instakill. Like in the original 2033, this works wonderfully for encounters with human enemies but the game becomes unbareable when you're fighting 7 or 8 Nosalises at once, or having to deal with a bunch of Watchers where they essentially teleport to you and swipe attack. This was most noticeable in Hole Station when fighting Lurkers who have a graphical glitch where they merge into uneven floors, making it impossible to time a counter to their jump attacks. Not ashamed to admit I couldn't deal with it and dropped to a lower difficulty for the sake of my sanity.The best part of the game remains entirely intact however. It's one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. The Great Library is an incredibly tense and horrifying setting, if a game was made based entirely on the Depository level then it would easily rival the likes of Alien: Isolation. Librarians are one of the most terrifying enemies to deal with, and in Redux they are completely revamped aesthetically and it adds to their impact so much that it makes going back to Hole station on Ranger mode not seem so bad. The story stays quite true to the book also, of course you couldn't adapt the book entirely but it does a great job."
,Recommended,286690,11951939,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,InsanelyOrange,"Damn, is this ever an improvement.-The game runs very well compared to the original and looks far better.-Lighting is way better.-You're rewarded even more for exploring, mostly exploring involves finding keys on corpses or hanging on walls then having to find the safe that opens said key.-There's a huge improvement in the stealth system compared to the first game.-Extra Difficulties from LL are added.Cons:- Polis should have been brighter- I still hate the Library :PIf you've never experianced Metro 2033, now is the time to do it. Redux is better in everyway, the only thing you'll miss from the original is poor performance and a terrible stealth system. If you already own the original, pick it up when it's on discount and you have money burning a hole in your pocket."
,Recommended,286690,16895655,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Atlaimond,"Because of the story I bought this game.The first thing what I liked in this game that the cutscenes was not too long and neither too short.The storyline was good and the voice actors did good job and I liked that Russian accents.The atmosphere was really good, the views, the sounds and the effects. I very liked the light effects, that's fascinating! I almost feel the Metro's musty air in my nose and mouth.The characters was variety, there was the funny boy, angry soldier, bitter people, brave persons, ect.The weapons was really interesting! Most of like as home-made guns, except a few.The achievements was obtainable! There no need beat the game any harder difficult. Just finish the game and collect and kill something. So, you don't need worry about the achievements.Good things:-Good story line and atmosphere.-Good voice actors and variety characters.-Interesting weapons.-For the Achievement hunters: All achievement was obtainable!Bad things:-I had one crashed the game and one time I fell out through the ground in 32 hours gameplay. So, I guess it can bear.I recommend this game those who like the good mystic stories, like the film style and FPS games.P.S. I hope theMetro Last Light- Reduxwill be same good like this one. If yes, then I'm sure I will enjoy that."
,Recommended,286690,25478705,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,King Bradley,i know why ron swanson hates librarians
,Recommended,286690,17278068,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Nova Terran,"Metro 2033 with improved graphics, minor additions to some levels, and more polished to give it a slightly more modern feel. Not that hasn't been said by literally everyone.It's worth getting on sale if you like metro and want to replay it again, or if you haven't played it. Buying this one is definitely a steal at $5."
,Recommended,286690,33143520,Posted: 2 July,all,CallMeRyno,"What can I say about Metro... Well, for starters, it is a unique survival horror title with an amazing story, great gameplay mechanics and a great sequel to boot. What makes Metro so good is, for one thing, it's combat mechanics.There are two types of bullets: Regular and Military Grade bullets. Regular are pretty simple; you shoot and they kill, where as Military Grade does more dammage, and they work for almost every gun. Something to know is that Military Grade bullets are also the main currency in this game, and if you are low and need money, you can exchange regular ammo into currency, however you don't get much for these trades. For example, you trade in 10 shotgun shells for around 2 Military Grade rounds. Now bullets aren't too common, and on hard they're scarce, so there is a lot of mannaging what you spend and what you keep.You also have the choice of being loud or stealthy. Being loud, of course, means you kill everything in sight, but doing will obviously blow through ammo quick. Stealth allows you to preserve ammo, but it takes WAY more time, and often a lot of trial and error. Use the dark, and turn off/avoid lights, as this does keep you hidden, but most of all:Have a supressed weapon and get headshots.You will need to be precise and make sure when you shoot, the body isn't too close for other enemies to see. (My reccomendation for a good stealthy weapon is upgrading your first gun to have a good stock, sight and surpresser.)That's just a few aspects of Metro I can give out of many. Over all, I highly recommend Metro 2033 as well as Last Light.Oh, and be certain of your actions and choices throughout parts of the game(s).There's a normal and a true ending to these games. To get the true ending, you gotta make sure you are kind, selfless and that you don't steal... As well as play your guitar. Weird, I know."
,Recommended,286690,16701370,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Awoelkchen,"Compared to ""Metro 2033"" original there were of course many improvements, from its visual context to the audio and even the possibility provided for a better orientation and gun disposal. The storyline in these games is so good and it is shown through the climate and backgrounds seen and heard in this game: the sinister dark sky and the misery left behind in this apocalyptic scenario, big scary creatures who now rule the outside world, the nostalgia left behind in the people who want to leave the metro and live again their lives as they did before. Loved the sneaky challenges, it added a great sense of realism, since all factors counted (light from the candles, sounds and shadows). I liked the variety of weapons, due to the fact that they didn't provide many but for the times one could go and buy more on the shops. I also liked the possibility to replace them with the weapons from the people killed or from the already corpses found on the ground, something which the original game didn't allow.Some flaws in the game: the weird fake voice acting from the children in it; The almost impossibility to kill a beast with head shots.Overall I really liked this game, the difficult and sneaky challenges it provides, the good story and the awesome environment featured."
76561198153918386,Recommended,286690,23597423,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bern Hard,Took me 8 hours to complete. Possibly one of my best 8h in a videogame. The atmosphere is incredible. The constant struggle of being on your last clip and not knowing what lies ahead of you. I'm sure that i will return to this game to try to get the other ending.
,Recommended,286690,33142346,Posted: 2 July,all,5iv3' farmskins.com,"Game is awesome, the story is really interesting + the combant is far from boring 9/10"
76561198120839707,Recommended,286690,33148200,Posted: 2 July,all,wmarucha99,Not much to say other than it was a really fun game and was easy to get into.
,Recommended,286690,33169975,Posted: 2 July,all,¨°º✪GodzBlaze✪º°¨,Metro 2033 + Last Light = FPS Masterpiece.
76561198074260419,Recommended,286690,25810363,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Oblivion,"For me it was a bit hard to get into.. but after the first 2 missions.. when u go into the tunnels.. stunning game, i played the whole game on the edge of my seat, the constand suspense in this game is weird yet amazing. This was truely the first game i had a ""woaahoo"" feeling after finishing the story. Im truely stunned by the amazing story behind this game.I would recommend if you like horror action gun and suspense.Personal rating:-Graphics 8/10 (its a pretty old game)-AI 7/10 (they act a bit weird from time to time)-Story 10/10 (absolutely stunning, cant wait to play last light.)"
76561198080160755,Recommended,286690,29597950,Posted: 30 January,all,detectiveSnowball,A 30 year old Man trapped in the body of a 6 year old boy leads you the way to bourbon.10/10 need to find bourbon again.
76561198118787563,Recommended,286690,27084432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WindblowN,"One of the greatest post-apocalyptic games ever. Once the atmosphere gets a hold of you, you are never going to be able to leave Metro. Combat sometimes can be clunky but stealth is always a better choice. What you do or not do have consequences. But there is something clear. You cant save the world. But you can destroy it. What will you do ?Also, true to the first book written by Dmitry Glukhovsky. If you have liked the game, definetly give it a go !"
,Recommended,286690,25035403,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Onizuka,"I'm usually not a fan of HD repacks but they did it right with this game.  Lets you play as survivor or spartan and then you can choose the difficulty from there as well.  Overall solid game, story rich and atmospheric but some of the level designs could use improvement.  Very linear and at times the combat is more of a chore to get to the next sequence.  Not as much stealth as Last light but still enjoyable."
76561198035730810,Recommended,286690,31965485,Posted: 25 May,all,TheDwemerComrade,"Probably one of the best post-apocalyptic experiences out there. This is a bit of a hot topic for some, but I actually reccomend the redux over the original, as it adds a lot of new content and some more features, such as improved stealth, and allowing weapon modifications, which doesn't break the game for me."
,Recommended,286690,34525183,Posted: 27 August,all,GF dealer (cash only),"Great game, good graphics and interesting story. The guns feel pretty weak and the enemys are like sponges sometimes. Would recommend it but the books are much deeper and darker. If you like books, I would suggest you to read them before you play the games."
,Recommended,286690,20422042,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Magnificent Bastard,A nu chiki-briki i v damki! 11/10
,Recommended,286690,34194317,Posted: 12 August,all,Milchaufschäumer,"What is Metro 2033 Redux?A remake of the original Metro 2033, a Action-Adventure game set in a post-apocalyptic world by 4A Games.Did you like it?Yes, I did.Why should I buy it?It's a very linear, but diverse shooter. There are over 25 different levels, each with it its own atmosphere and mechanics. There also are many diary entries to collect and 2 various endings, based on the actions the player made throughout the game. The graphics look pretty good, especially when compared to the original Metro 2033.Are there any flaws?Some players may not experience it, but I had quite a lot of bugs in my playthrough. Enemies freezing, the game crashing  after loading a checkpoint or at the end of a level or flickering surroundings are just some them. These bugs aren't game-breaking and can be easily removed by restarting the current level."
76561198158811298,Recommended,286690,23787387,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DARK LORD BINAY( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),I highly recommend this game. Very good story and visual style.
,Recommended,286690,27855796,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Traxadel,"Compare to original Metro 2033 this version has great DX11 features and now they are working perfectly. Also playing Redux now I can find directions easly, game is more brighter and feels more shooter than before. Sadly only this and some added game features are all the cons Redux has.Redux does not feel the same as the original, this is more like a friendly versin for a western audience, it has more shooting and less listening. Even narrator voice is changed so it feels differently. Definitly not made for Eastern Europe stuff.Although Metro still playes as Metro, hard to survive and even harder to forget."
76561198121363566,Recommended,286690,23372406,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Noch Mensch,"Well writen story, challenging gamplay, and excellent graphics.The one flaw that comes to mind is that the graphical settings are way too simple."
,Recommended,286690,11945949,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,[GDS] Monty,"I love this game. The updated graphics is amazing and this version feels much better compared to the original. They fixed alot (for eg. same hud/keys etc as Metro LL). If you are a FPS-wh*re like I am, you will love this game."
,Recommended,286690,33535220,Posted: 14 July,all,Doctor 不幸 Future,"If it's hostile, you kill it."
,Recommended,286690,25797957,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bastiaan,Second favourite game I've ever played. The gameplay is fantastic; very atmospheric; complete immersion. Can't recommend this enough.
76561197969749884,Recommended,286690,34714001,Posted: 3 September,all,Sarkoth,"Metro 2033 Redux is a revamp of the original Metro 2033 with a massive boost to graphics, geometry, weapon handling and stealth mechanics. It basically makes everything a little better than the original game and bundled together with Last Light Redux it is definitely worth revisiting even for owners of the original title.Had my fair share of fun back when it released, had even more fun now. Even at retail price, the Redux bundle is absolutely worth the asking price. On sale, this should definitely be picked up by anyone who hasn't delved into the Metro universe yet and likes post-apocalyptic settings as well as shooters. So if you liked any of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games, you'll love this as well."
,Recommended,286690,28461124,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Level 42 Senpai,"Great game! I didnt realize that metro redux came first so I ended up playing last light first but it doesnt matter, I like this one just as much. Wish you could do stuff after the game ended."
,Recommended,286690,14008338,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ulq,"A Review Mostly for me so I know I’ve completed the story, as well as feedback on the game.My Thoughts:- nice improvement from the original metro 2033, graphics are much better although I have come across more than a few texture errors and glitches like Lurkers running half in the ground at you enemies half covered by the ground as if the floor is lower than the texture for it.The story is still awesome for this game.Graphics:- AWESOME graphics if your PC can handle it some parts there are some graphic errors but not much to put you off the game.Controls:- Easy and simple if your used to play FPS games although I did play this on ranger hardcore so took me a while to figure out how to use the bombs and knifes XDAchievements:- 49 of 49 (100%) achievements earnedWhat Could Be Added:- A few things like voice audio setting as well as a Ranger Hardcore Achievement.Rating:- 8 / 10"
,Recommended,286690,17277670,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Demadizzle,Improved 2033 to be almost as good as last light; the game is very well polished and has some great new additions. Two new settings Spartan or Survivor make it worth doing multiple playthroughs along with the old difficulties. New achievements and added mechanics like stealth knock out make it more enjoyable then the original.  Great noticeable improvement and easily fine tuned into a flawless game. Worth it when it goes on sale and makes itself into a 9/10 range.
,Recommended,286690,12250860,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Splash,"Metro 2033 Redux is a post-apocalyptic fps that puts alot of emphasis on survival. With ammunition, grenades, medical items, and gasmask filters coming in a somewhat limited supply. The currency of the game is a certain type of bullets, ""Military Grade Rounds"", that are more powerful than the ""Makeshift Counterparts"" but using these is basically ""shooting money"" so the player should be wary when using them.When it comes to gameplay, Metro 2033 Redux, has a fantastic stealth and detection system combining both sound and vision. The player can turn off, or shoot out, lights and can crouch for added stealth.From the famous AK-47 to throwing knives, Metro offers a wide assortment of weapons and heftycustomization. It lets the player choose what best suits their needs from supressors and weapon stocks to laser sights and scopes. There are several different weapon types to choose from aswell, including assault rifles, revolvers, shotguns, and many more.When playing the game and walking around in the tunnels you get this empty feeling, and that really improves the gameplay. But one thing, that I thought was outstanding, was that when you for the first time exit the tunnels and lay eyes upon Moscow, this massive, desolate city. It's a breathtaking view.The games story is absolutely fantastic and it sucks you right in. Metro 2033 Redux is a game worth playing and is truly an excellent game."
76561198076696204,Recommended,286690,13822678,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Soedric,"Fallout 3 and Call of Duty had a baby, and it is one Handsome baby. 9/10"
,Recommended,286690,11933180,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Craxtus,"[TL:DR - It's beautiful and pretty BUT OH GOD THERE ARE BUGS. SO MANY BUGS.]I do recommend this game, but at the same time, I don't.The updated graphics and engine is fantastic, yes. But (and this is a very large but), it's riddled with glitches. things can glitch through other things, lip syncing is a mess with some models with the tongue animated WAY too losely (it's pretty much everywhere), facial animations take a punch in the gut with almost every characters' eyes opening way too much and the crashes. OH GOD. THE CRASHES. This game has crashed so much in the past couple of days, it's ridiculous I could even play the game top to bottom. I haven't even been able to finish it since it crashes at the very last second.-deep breath-Okay. Enough nit-picking the bad. Redux is more or less the updated Metro 2033 with all the newer models from Metro: Last Light and it's nice. It's nice to play through Metro 2033 with the same system as Last Light and not have the character voices differ crazily from each other as they used to be.Certain bits have been changed from the original for better flow between levels and I applaud that. Even as a Metro veteran, I feel more as a newcomer again which is nice since a reboot of the game would just be bland and boring in it's simplicity.HOWEVER. Until the bugs and certain glitches are fixed (and please give back the fur to the Librarians. Currently they just remind me of wingless demons), I probably would rather direct people to the normal Metro: 2033 as there's less bugs and crashes and more meaningful story.I also miss the sneaking suit and the armoured suit. They were the highlight of the entire game for me. :("
76561198057239124,Recommended,286690,24870806,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ignis Scientia,"This is one of the best post-apocalyptic games I've played. The gritty atmosphere, hostile but beautiful world, and Russian/Soviet-influence makes this game shine above many others in the FPS genre. This is definitely a game worth checking out if you're tired of the same-old linear shooters with half-baked storylines."
,Recommended,286690,24397706,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,JC Denton,"One of my most played FPS games in recent historyI've already forgotten, how many times I've beaten this gem of a game. Including the original ""Metro 2033"" it has to be at least 5-6 times. Why? Because the atmosphere and the universe of ""Metro 2033"" is amazing, it's quite literally ""dripping"" with atmosphere. Game is fairly linear with minimal exploration, however it adds a lot of gameplay elements, like the possibility of avoiding confrontations with human enemies, incapacitating them without killing them and so on. Also, there's sometimes alternate pathways you can choose, especially when going the stealthy route.Voice acting in English is very cringe-worthy, I'd recommend trying to play this game with Russian audio and English subtitles. It just feels way more authentic this way, and the VO actors actually do a good job in it's native tongue. If you are a completionist, then it's VERY likely that you'll play this game more than once, so I do recommend playing the game at least once with Russian VA - it's worth it.Gunplay is very well polished and the ""Redux"" in this case feels welcome, because the gunplay in the first game didn't feel so great. Gasmask system was very poorly done, and you really had trouble recognizing how much air you really had.   Battery charging was extremely obnoxious and stealth was broken - however not in your favor, since if you got detected onlyONCEthe enemies in the WHOLE FREAKING LEVEL will always know your position, and getting detected was very easy. It felt like the stealth was an afterthought, while with ""Redux"" they fix the stealth so that it works now like it did in Last Light. Enemies have a very low field of view and darkness = invisibility - hilarious, I know, but at least stealth is viable.On higher difficulties you die very easily, and game does not have a regenerating health system. You need to use the medkit to make the ""bloody screen so real"" go away. Guns have recoil and the sound effects are awesome. Highly recommend playing this with a good pair of headphones for maximum paranoia. Ambient music is also phenominal, which has undertones of despair, hope and eerie beauty, especially when walking on the surfice in Moscow.The story is simple, but it's just enough to keep you going. Highly recommend reading the actual source material for the game, because it covers more about other character relations with Artyom. Lots of phylosophy about life and such. A good read. Still have to get myself Metro 2034 and 2035.There's also a somewhat hidden morality system (you can't really know how much you have) and it's tied to the ending of the game, or at least it gives you an opportunity to choose an ending, rather than an automatic one. Still, it's disappointing, due to the fact that the next game: Metro Last Light already has a set story, based on one of the endings, so it doesn't really matter if you pick the ""good"" one. My guess is that the studio lacked the manpower to actually make Last Light into a two-part game, where endings mattered and had to scrap the idea, due to limited time, money and inability to make a branching story actually work, which in the end I think is reasonable, considering the crappy environment the developers had to make the game in.In conclusion:Would recommend this to any FPS game enthusiast and even more, to people who enjoy fleshed out worlds with tons of lore and interesting, albeit a little lacking in personalisation, characters. I do hope that more Metro games will be released in the future, because I can easily place this game together with other FPS legends like BioShock, Half-Life and the early days of Call of Duty.""If we do not end wars, wars will end us.""- H. G. Wells"
,Recommended,286690,24177865,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Grizzly,"""Holy ♥♥♥♥ing atmosphere"" is all I can really say about the immersion of Metro 2033. Because holy ♥♥♥♥ is it immersive. The one thing that struck me the most when playing this is just how the devs perfectly captured the atmosphere of a post-apocalyptic metro system filled with thouands of people. Everything, from the lighting to the music, to the dialogue. It all serves to make the game unbelievably immersive.Metro 2033 is basically a sneaky, shooty Russian shooter thing with evil♥♥♥♥♥♥and nazis (they probably go in the same category). The gameplay is tense and realistic. i.e. being caught by enemies will actually get you killed and letting your guard down makes bad♥♥♥♥♥♥happen.The biggest problem I had with Metro 2033 was that I expected more stealth and less shooting. The game has two distinctly different types of enemies; Mutants and Humans, and I found that a good 70% of the game was spent fighting mutants. The problem is that these mutants are practically omniscient and most of the time, they know where you are by default, making stealth impossible. The sections where you have to sneak around outposts occupied by humans are far more satisfying, just too scarce.The stealth itself is barebones, which is nice. Enemies have no peripheral vision, although we've all come to expect that from stealth games, and their detection range is limited, but the game still provides you with plenty of enclosed spaces for enemies to catch you in.The voice acting is really good, and it actually felt like every Russian character was actually Russian, and not just impersonated. Kids sound a little bit off, and a lot of the important characters are very similar to eachother. I found myself not being able to differentiate between them, as most important characters can be described with ""Bulky Russian guy with guns"". They're all relatively the same.The story is very well done, although a certain character at the midpoint of the game makes it crystal clear that there are two choices for the ending. It's kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to have him sneakily hinting ""Hey, you're playing the wrong way and you're gonna get the bad ending"".Graphically, the game is ♥♥♥♥in' gorgeous. Especially with the gas mask on.As for gas masks, you can wipe blood and dirt off of yours, which I really liked despite how gimmicky it was."
,Recommended,286690,32577965,Posted: 19 June,all,Kur mot kreft,Play in russian for the full experience
,Recommended,286690,28603613,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,凤凰,"This game is the Half-Life of 2010. This game is a gem that did not receive heavy advertisement and marketing; and that is why not many people know about it. If you are looking for a great FPS adventure that lasts longer than your typical generic FPS campaign, this game is for you. It has a unique difficulty curve as well for gamers who want to challenge themselves."
,Recommended,286690,18275659,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Wildt,"The focus of this review is the changes made upon the original.Contrary to popular belief the biggest difference isn't just visual makeup - imo it's the survival/spartan gamemode choice. Survival is the original setting with scarce ammunition rewarding stealth and exploration, whereas the spartan mode is more like Metro ""Last Light"" with faster paced/arcadish combat. I definately did not feel that the latter ruined the survival aspect of the game, so hats of to the dev team for balancing things out pretty much perfectly.But yes, the Redux does look vastly better than the original, improving the already dense post-apocalyptic theme with visuals that are so much more immersive. Especially the lighting impresses, and it all runs so much smoother than with the old engine.All is not golden though, as the animation sequences on the fast moving mosters are SO poorly linked, that it completely ruins the immersion at times. Being shoulder to shoulder with your comrades firing AK-47's into an approaching horde of monsters looks horrible. The instant a monster is hit, it commences an animation frame way too far from the previous running animation. Adding to injury, the bounding boxes of the creatures aren't properly respected in the collision handling, so it all looks incredibly messy at times, with monsters clipping though eachother while doing the electric boogie animation blend.Well, that had to be said, but the game is still one of the best atmospheric single player FPS games I've played. For a proper AAA game it's dirt cheap in this Redux version.A proper must have for fans of the genre.91%"
76561198296603950,Recommended,286690,34889873,Posted: 11 September,all,Night1005,One of the best singleplayer games i ever played!
76561198069869103,Recommended,286690,33150791,Posted: 2 July,all,Aaron,Much better than the original. Game did crash a few times though but starting it back up in safe mode worked. Played the second one first years ago on xbox and theyre both really good.
,Recommended,286690,28362235,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lord.Gandalf,+Nice Story+Nice Atmosphere and gameplay+graphic is good+nice difficulty in max diff+ .......buy it and enjoy .my point 9/10
,Recommended,286690,17277581,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,418,"Vastly improved from the original.  Some areas expanded, locked safes with bullets & items added, updated graphics, added elements from last light such as: spiders, gun customization, gas mask wiping, human knockouts & unique NPC models.Great game, worth another playthrough, worth the $5 I spent for it.  9/10"
,Recommended,286690,33143815,Posted: 2 July,all,Leshey,"I quite enjoyed this title. Haven't read the book nor played the original. Sure the scale isn't grandiose as the heavy weight titles such as COD or Battlefield but Metro has a distinct style, engaging story line and overall enjoyable gameplay."
,Recommended,286690,25623290,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,saguran,"This is a game that every FPS lover should play. The redux version improves the graphics even further in some areas, as if they weren't fantastic already! Some comparison videos show they reduced some of the textures in other areas, but the game still looks great. They have also introduced two different play styles, stealth or all out guns, you choose. I played the original Metro 2033 and got this on sale. This time I played ranger mode and really enjoyed it, no HUD makes it really immersive. I did not find it as difficult as I think it should have been. The human enemies don’t seem to hear you, even if you are right next to them. I could’ve sworn the original was more difficult. If you already own the original, I'm not really sure if this is worth it, but I don't regret it for a second. I just enjoyed playing it again, pros and cons aside. I might just have to play the original again to figure out what was different. :P"
76561198072214601,Recommended,286690,24819327,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ℳ℃_ℭøм♭ẕ,This game has a long♥♥♥♥♥..intense story had connection with the world ...a little scary but after killing alot of monsters u il get use to it .8/10 very good game.
,Recommended,286690,30923777,Posted: 3 April,all,Knight Dogmeat,"Very few games are such philosphical as this game as it questions your morality everytime you want to kill a human enemy, rendering the famous quote ""If it's Hostile, You kill it"" not universal as it seems to be for surviving in a post-apocalyptic world."
,Recommended,286690,11902801,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Dr.TongueTingler,"Best game all the years, but this time with better graphics and moar stuff."
76561198035877856,Recommended,286690,33145218,Posted: 2 July,all,Barba,Must play!!!!
76561198038516390,Recommended,286690,12722222,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,8BitBacon,"The Guns are so satisfying, bets reload actions in any game.TOP NOTCH FPS!"
76561198157061846,Recommended,286690,25703246,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,seswrt,A masterpeice left me looking at the world in a different way.
76561198054762841,Recommended,286690,11868869,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Swanner,Holy graphics
,Not Recommended,286690,19387720,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ghanburighan,"This is a gorgeous game but the game mechanics have not been thought through, making the experience dissatisfying.First a disclaimer, I don't think this is a terrible game, and many people might enjoy it for the atmosphere and action but I played it in ""survival mode"", which is supposed to be one strand of the game, and it just does not work. I come from playing S.T.A.L.K.E.R Call of Pripyat (more specifically, the Misery mod), which heavily focuses on survival, and grueling gameplay, and I judged Metro based on its self-declared survival mode, comparing it in my mind to Misery.Some good aspects, the game looks beautiful, and the atmosphere is generally believable and unique. Unfortunately, the game doesn't feel like you're in Moscow metro, just a generic metro, but the way the monsters work, the lights (or lack thereof) and characters all feel alive and interesting. The game is also dark and brooding in a way that increases immersion in this post-apocalytic world.When we get to the gameplay, there's one primary keyword: ""linear"". Unlike most survival games, this is a linear FPS. You're almost always on rails, going from one room to another in a  predestined manner, and you must fight or avoid the enemies that spawn according to the script of the game.I played hardcore ranger (which is supposed to limit your ammo and supplies, and make all characters die easier) and found that the some of the game design makes it not so much challenging but silly. Let's list them.You can carry only 2 guns, but ammo is gun-specific and it's capped (if you have 54 shells, you can't pick up the 55th). So you can only pick up ammo when you have used up some of it, and cannot prepare for grueling fights in the future. There are ""hidden"" supply stashes along the way, so you can get some ammo. But what this amounts to is that you are forced to look for every stash to get the ammo for your 2 specific guns if you've used them at all. For a new player, this means that any engagement is something you should try to avoid, as you don't know all the stashes, or you're forced to have a wiki open all the time so you have some ammo to use for your guns (you might have hundreds of rounds for your other weapons, but as there's almost no way change weapons. Sure they might drop, but most levels seem to drop a type of weapon, so you can't switch to one that you have ammo for).You also cannot avoid most fights because the game is scripted to force enemy waves down your throat if you go to specific locations. This leads to you triggering an enemy attack (usually by stepping somewhere, or touching something) and then you running around like mad because you don't have a single bullet that goes into your gun. (the one shot kills everything throwing knives are an OK solution, though, as you can pick them up again).As monsters don't give you any loot, you'd be wasting valuable ammo. So this leads to you having to look for exploits. Fortuntely there are many. Generally there are places where you can stand where the enemy just ignores you on their scripted path. Here's a few.At the end of the dead city level, you can stand in front of the truck and have enemies literally run through you to fight your ally. The ones that come from different directions also generally ignore you, so you can shotgun them down at your own leisure while the enemies claw the apparently invulnerable ally.When defending Cursed station, you can go behind a nook on the right and stand there whle the allies gun everything down. Then go forward or the train tracks and have enemies walk straight past you (stealth, honest) and then stand behind the rubble by the stairs waiting for a wave to run right past you.When an exploit isn't available, you can generally run around in circles as the enemies (at least melee ones) don't seem to be able to hit you like this. If you do get hit by accident, just stab yourself with the seemingly abundant medical supplies and keep running until your allies finish the enemies.Does that sound like fun? I don't think so.The problem is that a survival game requires a few features: choice from the player, an economy, and autonomous enemies.If you don't have choice as to where you go, when, and who you fight there, your only choice is to max stashes and fight as few enemies as possible. You also cannot really prepare for your journey besides stocking up on certain bullets (in exchange for others) or switching a weapon before you get there (on your first playthrough, this is especially frustrating as there seems to a correct weapon type for most levels, but you don't know this in beforehand). In most survival games, you can choose to do something different if your equipment isn't adequate.If there's no economy, you cannot farm for supplies if you're out. So if you run out of bullets, you're screwed unless you find an exploit. With the checkpoint system, this becomes especially silly because you cannot go back to a point where you hadn't yet screwed yourself.If the enemies are fully scrpted, there's no real point in stealth. Every single time you open a specific door, you will be attacked. So why bother learning about enemies or their behaviour. Just learn the script triggers by heart.Another issue that requires attention is the terrible checkpoint system. As mentioned above, there are no saves in the game. You cannot choose yourself when you save, nor go back to any save besides the last checkpoint. But the placement of these checkpoints are terrible. The worst one I encountered was by the frontlines. There's a checkpoint after killing a few reds by the prisoner. After that I had to kill the rest of the red base (10+ enemies), go down stairs into a gassed area for supplies, do some jumping puzzles, avoid traps, sneak into the reich base and face all the enemies there. Does that feel sensible? If you get hit by a  stray bullet at the end of the reich base, you have to do all of that again. All of that. There's no way anyone has the patience to do that.Now, if the game told you about the save system, you could avoid going to that checkpoint  before you kill the reds and do the stash at the end of stairs, but there's no indication, and it's quite natural to check that point for enemies before proceeding higher. And even if you get the optimal checkpoint timing, you still have the darn pipes and traps before you get to the reich base. Why is that? It's like the checkpoints were placed as an afterthought and they missed some.A few words on stealth, there are two kinds of stealth here: the kind that feels like an exploit that you use against monsters and the kind which you're actively encouraged to not use. Monsters sometimes walk straight past you, and as you don't want to fight them, you're highly encouraged to do find these spots. But you can't really predict where this is as the monsters don't have a rational movement patterns, instead they walk along a scripted string.The other kind is when facing human enemies. Gun fights versus humans are the best part of this game, the guns work great, the enemies have some dodges and aren't absolutely terrible shots either, making those fights challenging and fun. On top of that, human enemies always drop ammo and other goodies, making these fights a net win if you're any good with your gun. So why would you ever want to stealth your way throught those sections? Killing every single human is definitely optimal. Just watch out, though, sometimes enemies are scripted not to be killable by knives, so the weapon clips straight through them. Better just shoot them.All in all, if you are looking for a survival game, don't buy this game. It just doesn't work. It's frustrating and silly. If I could, I'd replay the human vs human gun fights, though, as these were a lot of fun. But unfortunately you cannot load checkpoints, so you have to play through hours of silliness to get to them."
,Recommended,286690,33188040,Posted: 3 July,all,DeathWolfie!!,"What a blast this game was to play, I played both reduxes (and the first metro 2033, the original), I loved all the Metro games and I am so excited for the new one (Metro Exodus), I started reading the Metro books too and so far all i can say that the books are really thick just like wooden bricks but man are they fun to read.If you like such games i think that you should totally play them, reading the books is up to you, if you want to get more extras about the story."
,Recommended,286690,21119531,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,haRT3r,Silky smooth on my GTX 660.
,Recommended,286690,33750027,Posted: 23 July,all,Skābais ☢,"Review for Metro 2033 Redux ( *No Spoilers* )Why you should buy this game right now:Story:Story originates from book and by my experience such games have good story if they follow it as in book. In this case it does follow and it is worth it.Karma system:Time from time you will have a possibility to be ""good"" or ""bad"" which esentially is karma system in this game, it presents like killing, sparing or saving someone. What it does is that it gives you to have a chance to look at good-non cannon ending which doesn't actually affect anything as you can see in Last Light.Combat:Combat or to precise shooting is on point, feels good and is very satisfying. Stealth works well and can be fun.Enemies:Quite a few types of mutants, human factions.Setting & Atmosphere:Post apocalyptic metro station below Russia and Riga. And atmosphere is hella good, i recommend playing on survival + Hard for the first time as it can be experienced best this way.Why should you wait for sale:Nope:No reason to wait other then that it can be short, my playtime is due to 100% achievements, 2nd run, other then that good 20ish hours spent. Survival + Hard.Overall decision.Buy it & Experience, loved it."
76561198090774867,Recommended,286690,32575961,Posted: 19 June,all,Guydodge,AMAZING GAMEwas never able to finish the original metro 2033 due to a no weapons bug.but finally got around to it.great story and the back drops and atmoshere of the game is simply beautiful.really puts you right there.the immersion is fantastic.weapons are second to none.have a great look and feel and at 144hz theyre as smooth as silk. also has a great sound to them to immerse you even more into the world.GAMEPLAY has a really nice pace to it from stealth to hoards and everything in between.if i have one complaint would be that its to short.a nice solid game.all games should be this balanced out.
,Recommended,286690,33759356,Posted: 23 July,all,Tofu,"Awesome game....play this at survival mode and no UI = feel the game more deepThis game have a Great Story (because from the novel  :D)DAMN SCARE (limited ammo, filtergas, and medic) = if u play survival modeyou will happy to see people around than nothing but mutan.(i miss sashaand tell me, his uncle stronger than me!WHY ALWAYS ARTYOM!! ARTYOM ARTYOM ARTYOM *meh*WARNING there is a child in this game"
,Recommended,286690,11985187,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,mannewil_,"Oh boy... Where to begin?Well, this freaking game is a remake of classic game Metro 2033. Or should I say, the same game but with better engine and better graphics.I like this game alot, and it comes with ALL DLCS for the original games.Nothing new overall, just updated game that was made for consoles, though if you want to play classic experience overhauled, you can! This is the perfect thing to have if you want to replay the classic in new nutshell."
,Recommended,286690,33169974,Posted: 2 July,all,Jeb Bush,Its one of the best atmospheric games i have ever played. But there are a few levels that are pretty dull and not original like the one where the nazis are chasing you and your on a turret in a car. The graphics are also just fine. But this game is very fun and has a very good story and good voice acting.Score : 8/10
,Recommended,286690,23444944,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kinewrath,"As a fan of the book and of the 2011 acclaimed title: Metro 2033 , I can only conclude that this is the best graphic remake that remains completeley true to the feel and gameplay of this digital cult classic. 30 hours down on 2 playthroughs and one more needed (for me at least) to complete the ""good"" side of the story. If post-apocalyptic story driven single player games are your thing go on ahead and grab the duo pack : Metro Redux. GL HF ^^"
,Recommended,286690,35246636,Posted: 27 September,all,ILIA,This is one of the best action horror games I've ever played ' Very in depth storyline and great gameplay . I just Love This Game alot :))
76561198144240910,Recommended,286690,23471755,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SteevJaabs,"This game is definitely worth a playthrough or two. No game-breaking flaws, but the lack of certain mechanics and plot holes do leave a bit to be desired. It's a relatively solid horror FPS. If you like relatively solid horror FPS games, I'd recommend it. 7/10"
76561198032269791,Not Recommended,286690,12412012,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Menelderp,Awsome looking game and the story is good. However plagued by constant crashes for a majority of players (esp. on Nvidia cards).The game sometimes also is very unintuitive on how to complete certain segments and some controls are just plain bad (machine gun turrets for instance).It really needs more polished gameplay. Making a game challenging is not at all the same as making it diffucult in a very frustrating way. The developer does not seem to grasp this as some parts of it is just hard due to bad design and that takes away from the awsome experience this game could have been.I gave up halfway through because of the constant crashes and frustrating gameplay.
,Recommended,286690,11898500,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,I saw a floating tree.  This was around the corner from the building a demon picked me and flew me through said building's walls.
,Recommended,286690,16266767,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Beast,"A great remake to an already great game. It is atmospheric, tense and abosolutetly amazing. It is a must own for PC owners. Don't forget to read the book this game was based on. The book is very well written with many events in it that the game does not include such as a worm worshipping cult of cannibals who kidnap children. Overall i would give the game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,33158552,Posted: 2 July,all,mawerick_mc,"A really well balanced straight forward shooter with some rich story surounding it all. Graphics are really up to pair with modern days (2017) and gameplay is diverse enough to keep you netertained throughout the 6 or so hours of this game. Keeping in mind the absolute bargain at what they descount this game during sales, it is a must. If you speak Russian, for absolute full experience play it in native language ofc."
,Recommended,286690,18243723,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,I AKU!,"Metro 2033 is an alright game, its strongest asset is it atmosphere, which is really good. The shooting itself is okay, fighting monsters for the most part is just a pain, but it has some nice stealth shooty sections when you fight other people. Some sections like the turret part is a freaking slog but it has some genuinely great moments like the Librarians. You can play it as more of a survival game but I didn't because I absolutely hate having a game be unwinnable. It didn't impress me nearly as much as it seems to have everyone else but its a solid enough horror FPS regardless."
76561198019308844,Recommended,286690,33153945,Posted: 2 July,all,unicorn.dreamer,"Very entertaining, great ambiance and athmosphere you really get immersed and the game is very rich :)"
,Recommended,286690,23242600,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Rain7x,"Probably one of the most immersive, detailed, finely tuned games I've ever played. I'd recommend it to anyone and everyone."
76561198060497814,Recommended,286690,34809039,Posted: 7 September,all,まこと,"-Buys game-Installed the game-Played the game-Finished the game- Opinion: "" worth every penny- An awesome FPS experience ""-Recommendations: "" Better to play the game in Russian to improve in-gameimmersion; and try to play in the dark with a GAS MASK to improve in-game mechanics """
,Recommended,286690,16444331,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Oralech,I highly recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198120561559,Recommended,286690,12413639,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,PREDATOR,"Great game, great looks, finished in two days though. Apart from that its a very good story and experience..."
,Recommended,286690,11869239,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,SmoothDeku,"Fantastic. Updated and upgraded version of Metro 2033. More than just a texture update, it actually ports the entire 2033 game over to the last light engine, so the graphics are fantastic. Gameplay is perfectly smooth, and you have a choice between two playstyles, Spartan (more like last light with faster combat), and survival (with more limited ammo, slower reload times, and combat more like 2033). Worth every penny, even if you've played 2033 before."
,Not Recommended,286690,13090124,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gathys,"I love this game, played the first edition and just loved it enough to buy this version and play it again.The reason why i dont reccomend this game is because i have constantcrashes that are Nvidia 780 related(it crashes my videocard driver).I looked around on the internet and more people seem to have this problem.Please consider the possibility that your card isnt compatible with the game.Check out the links i added for more details.Steamcommunity forum about the issueAnother topic about the same issue"
,Recommended,286690,17021293,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Pikapool,"my 3 years of waiting is finally paid off. this game offers a superb horror and apocalyptic atmosphere. it took me 12 hours to play into almost half of the game, cause i am scared. you will be playing as Artyom in this game, but when you walk in those friggin tunnels, it feels as if you yourself are walking INSIDE that tunnel, with pneumatic gun, shotgun, kalash as your wespon, which is pretty much useless in real life (if the monsters were real, mind you), all around you bodies are everywhere, and unknown growling noises around you. Damn, this games worth my money, I support the developer. If you have the original Metro 2033, buy it anyway, this game has frequent sales, it's worth it."
76561198051770438,Recommended,286690,30066796,Posted: 20 February,all,Comrade Federov,"If you like the nuclear apocalypse style atmosphere you will love this game. It can be played a number of different ways in terms of all guns or all stealth approaches. Fair warning, it can be sad at times and slightly depressing as the writers do an excellent job of capturing human nature and empathy in the characters and story line. Overall a wonderful game you will not be unhappy with the purchase."
,Recommended,286690,30331378,Posted: 4 March,all,Xtain,amazing journey
,Recommended,286690,31051484,Posted: 9 April,all,NanoNewton,"In my honest opinion, Metro 2033 is comparatively more concise than it's second instalment.This game doesn't give away too much, but will leave you wanting to play the second part.Get it on a sale or in a bundle."
,Recommended,286690,24082079,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,VigOr,"It's really funny to play and the plot is very interesting and engaging.I liked it especially for the level design and the details in it. I think this kind of environment is really fascinating.The only thing i don't liked (in some moments) was the gameplay because it caused me nausea (it's not possible to change the FOV) but it's just somehing that afect me, maybe you won't have this problem."
,Recommended,286690,20575070,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,๖KAMPFگCHWEIN 奮闘,Remake from the og Metro2033 with alot improvements in graphics and gameplay. There add aswell some new content. Aswell get it for 5 bux is totally worth it.
,Recommended,286690,22926097,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,IIAtomicToastII,"I first got this game on games with gold on my 360,  I played the hell out of it and enjoyed every second, the story is amazing, the graphics are amazing and the atmosphere is amazing, there's nothing bad to say about the game and I'd highly suggest that if you enjoy story rich atmospheric games, you get this and the sequel, both are great games and it truly is a shame that they never got the recognition they should have, needless to say the PC version looks absolutely stunning and if you have a little money to spend, then definitely get this game on sale. 9/10"
76561198055017547,Recommended,286690,32469998,Posted: 16 June,all,Kasiornis,"What can I say? I expected a bunch of different outcomes when I downloaded this game first. I expected it to be another mediocre shoot-em-all game, filled with mediocre story, graphics and occasional cheeki-breeki.I was wrong. Like completely. The game looks good, even at 2017. The story is fine,  and actually keep on giving you some new stuff from time to time, you won't get bored much. There are lots of interesting mechanics, like changing filters in your gas mask (and your watch, showing the time remaining while wearing it and your normal PC time at any other moment), wiping the mask clean from dirt and mutant blood and yes, enemies can break its glass, obscuring your vision with multiple cracks. All these little things keep insane immersion level, quite unexpectable for this kind of game.If you got tired of all these world-saving action games, here is your chance to experience something different.After all, we all know what happened in USA after bombs fell in Fallout. Now there is a chance to discover the fate of Moscow.And this will be hell of adventure."
,Recommended,286690,32627508,Posted: 21 June,all,α Miller,This game actually made me schizophrenic.
,Recommended,286690,26020595,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The [PTM] Canadian Inquisition,"If you just want a basic summary of this review, it's at the bottom.Now, what to type. This reamake of the incredible game Metro 2033 is definently worth it's price. This game has great atmosphere, visuals, gameplay, story, and other things. After several playthroughs of the original two games and then this, despite some flaws still existing, I can definently say they are two of the best games I have ever played. These two games show how incredible novel based games can be.Now, the game mechanics. Despite the game being held in the future, it is all but futuristic. With ammo in scarce supply and death lurking in every corner, it definently provides an atmospheric journey through the post-apocalyptic metro tunnels and surface of the remains of Moscow. The gask mask is crucial to survival in this irradiated wasteland. It carries a uniqe mechanic that will determine wether or not you'll survive. The mask not only need filters in order for you to brethe in irradiated areas, but you also need to avoid damage as the mask's visor will break once enough is sustained. Now, this was never a problem for me as I was never in irradiated areas for long enough to suffocate or sustained enough damage to render the mask useless.Doing that isn't that hard since stealth is also a large mechanic in both games. The ability to stealth largely depends on how you play. Do you approach a room guns ablazing? Or crouched and remain the shadows till the next one? The stealth approach is definently a much better idea then killing everything in sight, as you may be mowed down or mauled if not prepared. Many things can affect how stealthy you are. If you were to fire an unsilenced weapon the enemy will know of your presence; but however, since the weapon silencers are metro-built, they won't completely silence your shot. One way to get around this is to knock out or kill the enemy by getting close enough and knocking out or killing the enemy with a good old right hook or your trench knife. Another method is to use throwing knives, but they are only effective at close-mid range, but they are much more reliable. The best method of silent killing is to use a pneumatic firearm, preferably the Tikhar. The pneumatic firearms are completely silent and are some of the most damaging weapons in the game. The Tikhar is the most versatile pneumatic weapon, as it's a automatic sniper rifle that has abundant and cheap ammo (15mm steel ball bearings). The Helsing is a pneumatic metal bolt (as in crossbow bolt) launcher that has the most expensive but the only reuseable ammo. The two weapons have to be presurized in order to fire and deal damage, the weapons can be over-presurized, but that'll cause the air tanks to leak, trading stealth for the ability to kill enemies in a shot or two; and with the ability to purchase an air tight valve, they will no longer leak and maintain it's tank pressure indefinently. Another thing that needs to be managed is ammo.The Metro series gives you the ability have the most atmospheric experience possible without the occulus rift: Ranger mode. Ranger mode turns off the hud, crosshairs, and ui as well as making ammo and filters even more scarce than in hardcore, but your weapons and enemies will become more deadly. It is clearly not meant to be the difficulty one would first play the game at, and there is also a ranger hardcore difficulty, which can provide a challenge for survival/FPS video game players. Also what ranger mode will give you is more MGRs.What MGR stands for is Military-Grade-Rounds. These are used as currency in the metro which can be used at ammo vendors and weapon vendors. The military grade rounds are miles more damaging than the standard 'dirty' rounds produced in the metro. I have never been in a situation where I would need to be firing MGRs to survive but they can be 'hoarded'. At the end of my most recent playthrough of this game I had managed to amass over 1000 MGRs while playing in normal mode, this shows how sparing you can be with your usage of MGRs, but that was also after four playthroughs of the original game so don't be afraid to use them if you need to.This game is definently an experience, but the animation is somewhat lacking. Not that it would enough to not recomend the game but it can either break the immersion or get a laugh, but it doesn't remove one of the largest thing in the game; how you can't survive the apocolypse any other way. Throughout the game you will meet charcters that will aid you in certain situations by accompanying you, one of the earliest examples is when you are traveling from one station to the next via a railcar. This may sound a bit boring, but, both games have action elements to them to make them more intresting among the hardcore survival of this series. Now this may not be for everyone, as some people don't like on rails segments or situation where you must follow someone.Exploration is also very cruical to survival. Many resources one can find to maintain survival can be found through exploration, even when you're required to follow someone. The ability to explore is never unused. If there is somewhere you can go, but it isn't required, it's always helpful. Filters, ammo, and weapons can be found through exploration.So obviously what I'm trying to say is this is an incredible game series. These games show what people are capable of making. With mechanics and gameplay giving a uniqe experience, and despite some (or numerous) flaws, this game is definently worthy of a slot in most's gaming collection along with the game's sequal: Metro Last Light. (Also this review would be longer, but I'd probaly need to playthrough the game, again, again)"
,Recommended,286690,32904828,Posted: 27 June,all,TysonWD,Fear the Future.Read the Books.Play the Games.Stock up on Klash ammo.Fear the Future.
76561198281971594,Recommended,286690,32644861,Posted: 22 June,all,OmegaWerrier,"I became interested in the Metro series after seeing the Metro Exodus trailer that was shown in the E3 presentation. Afterwards, I found it had 2 prequels, and since they were on sale on Steam, I picked both up. After a couple hours into the game, I was fully enjoying the story, the setting, and gameplay, and ended up playing the game throughout the night. I'm definitely not an FPS guy, but Metro 2033 goes the extra mile of your typical modern shooter. I recommend this to everyone (be sure to play at night with the lights out for max effect :P)."
,Recommended,286690,33156182,Posted: 2 July,all,AlphE,Short but great
,Recommended,286690,32943360,Posted: 28 June,all,Ironheart,"Great Game, played the first verion and this redux is better than the old one."
76561198041100695,Recommended,286690,33165749,Posted: 2 July,all,Sen'jin Shieldmasta,My lord this game was a gem to be had!This game had such a beautiful mix of 1st person horror suspense as go through a post-apocalyptic Russia.I was never a fan of horror games but Metro does sooo well.Besisdes the creepy atmosphere that keeps you on your toes. You have to use your ammo carefully and the story is really good. Plus you have light and dark choices that can affect the ending of the game.Really Recommend!!!!!
,Recommended,286690,23120797,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,I Like Rockets,"First I would like to give a review of the connection between thegameand thebook:Where is half of the story?I tottaly understand that the book needed to be changed alittle, so the game had any ""FPS game"" momments, but the story seems that it was puted on back plan. A lot of key mommnets were missed, like:SPOILERS AHEADThe story of Artyom's visit to ""China Town"" Station (I think that's how it's translated).The part of the story where Artyom finds the picture where he thinks it's him and his motter when he was still an infant, as well as everything before Artyom came to ВДНХ (Exhibition Station).All the philosophical, political and religous aspects (that in my opinion made the book very interesting).The biggest problem, I think, was when at the end of the book, the rockets are send, but Artyom starts to ask himself if the Dark Ones are actually bad, and ""Are they not theNew Human (Homo Novus)- the ones that are more suitable for life in the nuclear wasteland.The game itself is GREAT! The graphics are beautiful, if we don't count the people, whose faces seem really blank and unreal for a 2014 game. There is a nice variety of weapons and technique of play (agressive or stealthy). But the conrols are not really well made out. I found out how to charge my night vision nearly at the end of the game. And I had no idea how to change secondary weapons (like granades) until one of last chapters.As a conclusion, the game is great, but I would recommend you to read the book first, so you can understand the background of the characters and the stories that were missed out from the game."
76561198025093178,Recommended,286690,22900407,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ihKu47,"A decent shooter in an interesting setting. I hated how stealth was handled but it's completely optional, you don't really need to max your (invisible) karma points but they change things a bit - I don't want to spoil what exactly. Fans enjoy both effects though, so play as you enjoy the game the most. The characters weren't all that fleshed out, with the possible exception of the few main ones, but the awesome environments made up for it. Get it at full price if a postapocalyptic Moscow interests you, at a discount if you just want a story driven shooter."
,Recommended,286690,32903286,Posted: 27 June,all,Wildheavenly,"If its hostile, kill it.Great fps game with a ""depressing"" atmosphere and the smell of vodka diffusing from ur pc screen. The voice casts feels awkard at times and the guns are clumsy to use and a full tutorial would be welcome to teach people about generating electricity (long press f) in order to turn on the torch or nightvision. I will now be off playing  Metro: The Last Light, I do recommend getting the Metro bundle during a sale."
,Recommended,286690,15027248,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Real Admin,"i Puchused Metro 2033 Redux ,I Have Some Pros & Cons for this Game .Before i Start i have never played the sereis.& Have Not Finished Because of a Con. first off.Prosdropped into the story & still yet i felt at home-No problems with talking as mouth movements are perfect.-Full Controller Support So great fun , Even if you use your KeyBoard its still great.CONS- there is no Online save Cloud ,I lost all my Save Progress ,It sucks as i would play the game everyday ,till i had My OS retire & went back to Seven.Lesson .Dont use Windows 8."
76561198019238490,Recommended,286690,13485383,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,pabofrito97,"Great atmosphere and story, original weapons and full of tense moments.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,286690,18577785,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mozgus,"Dont try to compare these games to STALKER series. They may also be based on russian nuclear disaster novels, but they are nothing alike besides perspective. This is a strait up narrative FPS survival chapter-segmented campaign, whereas STALKER is an open world exploration. You should play this game for the insane level of attention to detail here. Not only does Redux have engine polish, but the graphical enhancements they went with, especially the lighting, do wonders for drawing you in, beyond what the original Metro did. I'll update this review later on as I finish the game but for now, I am a happy customer. Sometime I may do a ranger playthrough with mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,286690,13442604,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,johnnyrabbi,A great story driven shooter. If you are going to play these games make sure to get the redux. Many of the issues I had with the originals have been fixed. The biggest being how the guns felt.
,Recommended,286690,21109815,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Piemel.,"Amazing gameplay and storyline, I would highly recommend this game to anyone. With it most of the time being on sale I don't see why you have not already picked this game and  Metro last light up."
,Recommended,286690,28514964,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wiz,"After playing through this and Last Light, I have to say, that these are some of the most immersive games I have ever played.I have never been so afraid of monsters and the world in general in any other game. The atmosphere in this game is so down bringing and hopeless. I was so immersed, that when someone disturbed me, I nearly always flinched, because I was either on the dead surface or in dark tunnels. My heart was always racing while playing this game. I'll try to keep my review short though, here are some pros and cons:PROS:Immersive and interesting atmosphereStrong, interesting storyGood stealth elementsIntimidating monstersIn various levels, you have to figure out what to do yourself, which helps with immersion.CONS:I think the price is a bit steep for about 9 hrs of story (even though it's really good)A few levels are a bit repetitive, but it's not that bad.CONCLUSION:If this game is on sale, I would recommend buying the Metro Redux bundle, because you get this game and Metro: Last Light Redux for a very good price. Even if you have read the book (like I have) it's still very fun to see the world come to life in this game."
76561198271126833,Recommended,286690,33398575,Posted: 9 July,all,SpaghettiDragons,"Metro: 2033 ReduxBasic InfoDeveloper(s):4A GamesPublisher(s):Deep SilverGenre(s):Action, Shooter, Survival, First-Person, Sci-Fi, Post Apocalyptic, HorrorSingleplayer:YesMultiplayer:NoDLC:NoGeneral ImpressionThe original, the one that started Artyom's journey through the Metro. It is a wonderful game with so many elements working with eachother that it will make you crave more and more. The story is fantastic, in my opinion better than Last Light, with a bit of horror, a bit of survival, and at times a lot of challenge, this is by far one of my most favorite stories throughout any game. The characters are implemented very well into the story, the AI is a bit slow at times but always pulls through. Graphically and atmospherically the game is extremely solid. Sound in the game is an immersion experience all on it's own, with the right headset (possibly speakers) you will be in the Metro. If you havent played anything of the Metro series I highly recommend that you pick up both games from the Metro series and thanks me later.RatingI would personally give this game a 10/10Tested On:Monitor: Asus ROG 34inch Ultrawide ~100hzGPU: Asus ROG 1070 8gbCPU: i7 6700k 4.0ghzRAM: 32gb Corsair Vengeance DDR4"
76561198242638712,Recommended,286690,33748228,Posted: 23 July,all,D Chick PR,"I hope the story is never end, BUY THIS and take Last Light (2034)Pros :+ Great world design+ good monster+ good graphic ( redux )++++ Story+little scary at ghost chapterCons :- player character can't talk, only at loading screen he talk- AI, not helping"
76561197991510210,Recommended,286690,33669200,Posted: 20 July,all,Mysticgale,Uncle Bouborn approves
76561198161316756,Recommended,286690,33768335,Posted: 24 July,all,Venoriom,A dark and atmospheric game.
76561198358302831,Recommended,286690,33163655,Posted: 2 July,all,Maximus,This game's atmosphere is incredible! You will be engrossed in the story because it's awesome. It made me feel depressed watching my fellow comrades die in front of me.
76561198018544449,Recommended,286690,31052546,Posted: 9 April,all,HighPalms,"This game took a little longer for me to get used to or figure out. This was a slow game in terms of bum rushing because it helps to poke in at every dead body little room and search for ammo and other things. I didnt quite understand the storyline but I never read the book. There are cutscenes which is appropriate for story rich games like this one. I admit I raged quite a few times fighting the monsters you can run low easily on ammo. Fighting the humans was simpler. I suggest you have good sound becasue it really enhances the creepiness of the game. You hear wondering footsteps and other wierd noises you can hear creatures runing to and fro. Beautiful game and I didnt come accross any bugs that I noticed. There are a few freaky moments but nothing like jump scares. This was a pretty decent game, I would play again and do recommend."
,Recommended,286690,34343777,Posted: 18 August,all,Pati3nt_Zer0,"Metro 2033 Redux is a very immersive game with great pacing that pulls you in and make you fell like your a part of a story that is bigger than yourself. It can get dark and scary at times, living up to its reputation as a true survival horror/thriller action game. It is also adviced that you make your weapon and attachment selections carefully, because once you leave and outpost there is no going back and you are stuck with the weapons, ammo, air, and med kits you have. The ""survival"" part cannot be overstated here.This was a game that I missed a few years ago, and I am glad it popped back up on my radar. I would recommend getting the Redux bundle with both 2033 and Last Light and all the dlc. If the current price is too much, then wait for a sale. That said the current asking price of $30 is a great value for the game you are getting."
,Recommended,286690,33147955,Posted: 2 July,all,Yuiiski,"I really enjoyed this game! I have been holding off playing this game for many years, I wish that I had not. Firstly, I must get this out of the way, the graphics in this game are insane! Every single moment is like art, I would find myself stopping in my tracks just to absorb my surroundings, who would have thought that the apocalypse could be so beautiful? Everything about this game is just amazing, I simply can not find anything to hate about it. I felt connected to all the characters and wanted to learn more about them and to me, they all felt like real people just trying to survive the insane world of Metro. And the music, oh boy how I love the soundtrack for this game, after I completed the game I went to Spotify and listened to the full soundtrack on my phone.Best yes, should you buy this game? Personally I would say of course! But it all comes down to you, and if you do plan on buying it, I would recommend that you go ahead and buy the Metro Redux Bundle, because Metro: Last Light (The sequel to Metro 2033) is just as good as this game, maybe even better. Have fun!"
,Recommended,286690,17220426,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ROSII,"So this game it's insane if you like post-apocaliptic games.Pro's:Don't require a super pc.It's funny.It's horror.The story it's awsome.The end it's glorius.Con's:There are basicly only 3 different monsters, so it's a little boring, and 1 type of aliens.It's a little tricky when you buy suply's. ( i woke up in the middle of battlefield without any amo -_- )It's pretty horror if you play with high volume in the dark.Overall 9/10, Pretty cool game. Worth 20€.It's 9/10 because of the guns its a little hard to control them."
,Recommended,286690,12038332,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,woodiland,"Metro 2033 Redux, is this remastered version of thehardware breaking 2010 game Metro: 2033 worththe 19€ price tag?---ABOUT---Metro 2033 Redux takes place in a post-apocalypticMoscow, the world has been rekt by a all-out nuclearwar, and the surviving population has taken theirrefugee down in the tunnels of the metro.The people in the Metro now has to survive an increasingdanger caused by enemy factions, mutated creatures,and the Dark Ones. You play as Artyom, and you'lltraverse the metro and the surface to erradicate the Dark Ones.---REVIEW---This is a remastered version of Metro: 2033, a game which,I personally, never could finish. Not due to a weak computer,but rather due to a difference in taste.My personal opinion about the original game was that thegraphics wasn't actually that good, they over-used blurand DoF effects, the character models were horrible,cut-scenes were clumsy and at times just felt likethey didn't fit in, the gameplay was also boring, firingweapons had no feel to it, it felt like softguns.I've always been kinda sad about the fact that I neverfinished Metro: 2033, because I loved the sequelMetro: Last Light. So has the Redux version managedto satisfy me and other gamers who shared my opinionabout the original game?For me personally, yes, yes it has. the Redux versionhas been given a huge overhaul.Giving us the original game and story only with thesuperior and refined gameplay of Last Light.The weapons feel real, they give a punch when firingthem, it's both satisfying and fun, the stealth mechanicsfrom Last Light has also entered this redux version, makingstealth play satisfying and exiting, giving you severalways of doing and completing different sections of the game.Many fans of the original 2033 had some complaints aboutLast Light being too easy, and not survival enough. The Reduxversion now gives you the option weither or not you wantthe Run-In-With-Guns-Blazing gamestyle of Last Lightor the more harsh survival gamestyle of the original.I played it on Survival, with Ranger difficulty, and I wasvery satisfied. The resources were hard to find, you'd alwaysbe low on ammo, and running around on the surface, shootingat mutants rushing towards you while you're all aware of yourlow ammo situation, while only having 2 minutes leftof air-filters, was both hard and hectic, but very enjoyable.There were a couple of scenes in this game that pulleddown the fun some moments, sections where you'rein a rail-wagon/car/vehicle, and you'll need to gundown several enemies, many, enemies, and if youplay on Ranger, you'll probably die a couple of times.These sections felt unfair and boring, they've couldleft these parts out of the game.The game has also gotten rid of the clumsy cut-scenesand gone with the First Person Perspective cut-scenesseen in Last Light, which I like, I felt as it was more immersivethis way.The graphics are stunning as usual, from the dark metro tunnels,to the spectacular surface, this game is a eye-candy at everycorner.When it comes to the graphics, there's a huge difference inopinion weither the Redux version actually packs bettergraphics compared to the original 2033. While playingthe redux version, I also fired up the original, and playedit along-side with Redux, so I could compare it by myself.My conclusion is, it's a matter of taste.I could not see a huge difference. The original has a darkeratmosphere, the Redux version is brigher.My personal opinion is that the Redux version overallfeels more refined and polished. They removed theexaggerated  use of DoF and blur effects, and madethe game brigher, and given an upgrade on thecharacter models. I really like the graphics,they've found a nice balance with the effects,and I love the lighting in this game.I think this game looks prettier than the original,but as I've said, it's more a matter of taste, ratherthan technical programming, since they bothin the end, look pretty similar.The story is exciting and interesting, nothing,spectacular that you'll remember in the future,but it's enough to keep you interested, and completing it.---CONCLUTION---The graphics is a matter of taste, my personal opinionis that I like the brighter setting of the game, the lighting,the fine balance with DoF and blur, and the overallgraphics. Seems in my eyes, more polished and refinedcompared to the original.The gameplay is a huge improvement over the original,it's fun, action packed and exciting.The fact that they've given you the option of playingthe more Survival oriented gamestyle from the originaland the more easy-going guns-blazing gamestyle fromLast Light is a huge bonus, as now you can choose thestyle you like the most, weither it's the original or theone from Last Light, you'll get the gamestyle youliked the most.This Redux version is definitely, worth your 19€.It gives you a lot of value for your money, in formof replayability and the two different gamestyles.It took me roughly 12 hours to complete.If you're like me, and just could not play throughthe original, but loved Last Light, this is the gamethat'll give you the chance of experiencing the original,in the style of Last Light.---SCORE---Graphics: 9.5/10Audio: 9.0/10Gameplay: 9.0/10Story: 7.0/10Value: 8.5/10Score: 8.6/10"
,Recommended,286690,11901383,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,LoudCore,Do you recommend this game?yea
76561198056081668,Recommended,286690,14408910,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,{HT} TashTalk,"Saw something scary, got up and ran out of the room, waited for my heartbeat to slow down, came back, realized it was only my shadow."
76561198202929526,Recommended,286690,29235728,Posted: 13 January,all,Herry Patter,"Very good story, interesting weapons design, monsters look great, the world is interesting and full of detail. I love this game. The story is playable more than once, you can take a stealth approach or guns blazing or both! Being able to use a lighter as a source if light instead of just a torch, and how it also attracts attention to you around enemies and how they see dead bodies if their in lit up areas. If you switch off a generator they check it out ( many games have that but still). I do have some problems when changing the video settings from time to time.  The above ground levels are good as well, you have to watch your timer. Very good game, love it, play it anyway. 420/69 ME"
76561198106430903,Recommended,286690,12089773,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Joker,MUST HAVE!
,Recommended,286690,33144228,Posted: 2 July,all,Coral Grimes,Very atmospheric game which is a blast to play.
,Recommended,286690,12812198,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Smurf3J,"This got to be the best singleplayer game i've ever played.It does have alot of difference between the original Metro 2033. Graphical wise and other stuffs.If you want the best experience of the game you should definately put voice language to Russian and Text language to what you prefer. The achievments are pretty easy compared to the original Metro 2033, but there is some hard achievments on Redux also!If you want to buy Metro 2033 buy Redux instead of the older version, allthough i think the older version was pretty ok but Redux is just better in almost every way possible. Buy it today, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,286690,12869394,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,X'Elias of Rivia,"This game, guys.This ♥♥♥♥ing game.As a man of Russian decent, as a fan of good storytelling and memorable characters, as a fan of games with amazing atmosphere, beautiful locations, awe inspiring musical scores and deep rooted philisophical debates over man's fear of the unknown, the future, and the paranormal, this game is almost perfection. So many times did this game give me chills, good scares, goosebumps, and even make me tear up from time to time that I couldn't even begin to recount them all. This is game that really changes your outlook on things if you understand all that is happening.Play this game with Russian voiceovers and English subtitles for the full effect of a post apocalyptic Russian Metro, on the Ranger Easy or Hardcore difficultes, while wearing headphones, and playing in the dark. Find the notes hidden in the game to get entries in Artyom (the protagonists') diary to get his thoughts and extra background info on the universe of Metro and to fully understand the world at large here. Scavenge and scrounge through the dark subterranean tunnels and on the murky, nuclear winter grounds of the Surface, and cherish every bullet you find. You'll feel like a survivor in the apocalypse, you'll feel like a Ranger, and you'll also uncover a story filled with mystery and intrigue, with heartfelt and some pretty effective moral dillemas along the way. Some subtle things and decisions can mean the difference between destroying an enemy or annihilating a people who only wish to come in peace.The only negatives I associate with this game are nitpicks, and even then it's only really one which is the sometimes incorrect grammar and spelling both in subtitles and notes. The only other complaint is that your decisions don't hold any weight in the sequel, but that's more of an issue with Last Light than anything. Overall this is an amazing game, and well deserving of a 10/10 from me. I've been playing this since the original dropped in 2009, and I will continue to play it for years to come."
,Recommended,286690,33575234,Posted: 15 July,all,FadedMind,Basically a modern day Russia simulator
,Recommended,286690,19389100,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Level1noob,"Some people call them daemons, I call them b*tches.-Uncle BourbonFollow my steam curator page"
,Recommended,286690,12988318,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hunt3r,"I know this is a review and i have to""review""this product,but i'm just going to say:Play it and you willNOTregret it."
76561198176864630,Recommended,286690,20464787,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,xxtwsxx,"Interesting Story, the Graphic is very very Cool and Awesome Events I lived in this gameقصه شيقه وجرافيكس رائع جدا جدا واحداث رهيبه عشتها داخل اللعبة"
76561198002589014,Recommended,286690,34548996,Posted: 28 August,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,Amazing on every imaginable level...
,Recommended,286690,15108136,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Reignswolf,"I didn't really enjoy Stalker, so I held off playing this game for a while.I decided it was about time I beat the game I had purchased. I was pleasantly surprised.+ The Graphics are great.+ The characters are well done.+ The story is well done (Expected, as it's from a Book)+ The weapons / attachments felt genuine and not out-of-place.+ The dark atmosphere was portrayed very well.+ The subtle ability to wipe your mask from blood/debris adds to the immersion.+ The ambience, and backround noises.I can't really think of any negatives. I played for 9 hours and completed it, it was enjoyable.Recommend."
,Recommended,286690,26100959,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,This is how I imagine Vladimir Putin grew up.10/10
76561198028930386,Recommended,286690,23779285,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Profoundsoup,Yes
76561198127803128,Recommended,286690,26372671,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,long chin man,cy-ka bl-yat this is not realistic i went into nazi compound with trusty reliable kalasnikov and massacred all of them no mercy because they were ukraininan traitor capitalist pigdogwhat is absolutely bly-at about this game is that everybody speaks english like this is poland what the hell deep silver you are amerikanski capitalist pig>no vodka>no chiki briki>no rush b mode>kalashnikov isnt as cool and amazing as it is in real life it is superior to amerikanski blya-t m4 carbine cy-ka bl-yatthis game is absolute disgust russia is not like this in russia there is vodka in every loyal russian comrade's hand and everybody fight eachother bl-yat there has been no civil war since 19th century what is this bl-yatthis game is joke i tried to rush b and kill disgusting wolf thing it look like latvian potato monster and i died BLY-AT RUSHING B IS BEST TACTIC TO DEFEAT ENEMY THIS GAME IS UNREALISITICmy name is artyom i searched artyom AND IT CAME UP WITH DISGUSTING UKRAINIAN NAME WHAT IS THIS B-LYATvladimir is way more russian name deep silver take note of this you amerikanski pigsi cannot put bayonet on my kalashinov IDI NA HOUY WHAT IS THIS CY-KA BL-YAT WHERE IS TRUSTY MAKAROV SIDEARMthere is no moskvich cars that i can drive to work in glorious russian factory for our commisar putin to send to iraq to beat amerikanski pigsi give this game1/10 vodkas for unrealism and racism towards russian peoples
,Recommended,286690,26779823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bluntman420,"Yo, this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥son. Buy it if you like single player FPS horror survival games."
76561198131495946,Recommended,286690,13356471,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,๖ۣۜShit Was So Money๖ۣۜ,10/10 Would bang and play again. Basically Half Life 2 on steroids. Worth erre munee i spent on it.Pros:Not very demanding even tho it looks 10/10 bangableSuper bangable metro chicksSuper bangable gameplaySuper bangable graphicsSuper bangable gunsGot like 40-60 FPS solid with GTX 760 Superclocked & AMD A10 (not a bangable CPU)Cons:♥♥♥♥ you air filters
76561198073467099,Not Recommended,286690,13353149,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Einar,"Due to regular crashing, I cannot reccomend this game to anyone.quad core CPU @ 4.4GhzGTX 97016GB 2133Mhz RAMHD displaySSD storage"
,Recommended,286690,13536387,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tasty,"Metro Redux, 2033 in particular, solidifies the Metro series' position near the pinnacle of next gen gaming. While the original 2033 was great, this remake fixes nearly all of the problems it had, making it just as good as Last Light, and keeping each game with a unique experience - they are not just carbon copies of each other. The game allows you to play ""spartan mode"" - in the more stealth shooter style of Last Light, or ""survival mode"" - in the more survival horror style of the 2033. The game looks absolutely beautiful as expected, though you will need a somewhat higher end system to see this game at its full potential. Pretty much contains everything great that Last Light did and alongside each other they make one hell of a series that I would highly advise you not to pass up."
,Recommended,286690,17136086,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,doing the obvious,"I'm familiar with the original and got this as a bundle pack with Last Light Redux. So to me, this was Metro 2033: Revisited. That having been said, several new weapons that are fun enough to use were added in, exploration and rewarding exploration is more of a focal point and it brought some other quality of life changes from Last Light. Also the other minute aspects of the game are less obtuse as they were in it's predecessor (the gas mask filters, the dynamo for your flashlight and goggles).The only major complaint I have is I don't like the checkpoint system. In a FPS like this, I would much rather they have gone with a simple quicksave and quickload system.I enjoyed it well enough, but it isn't very detached or radically different than the original. If you have not played Metro 2033, you'll get a lot more mileage out of the experience and I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,286690,16762519,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Johnny Biscuit,"Playing this game has been one of the most important journeys on which i partook in all of my years as a gamer. This game made me feel human, feel more than vunerable, but attactched to these people's sorrows. Too many games make you feel like on giant set peice moving on a restricted path. But this path is a journey, a journey which took me far past the rails and glowing mushrooms, the frusterating librarians and decrepit abandoned Moscow buildings. Through Artyom's eyes we experience a journey from a small station to the end of the line. All throughout is a masterfully spun narrative, where humanity itself is put on a stage, mostly, man's inhumanity to man.But there is a light, a silver lining, will you be that light? Charging your flashlight with a homemade fool's charger and stumbling into deep pits of disgusting teleporting water. The choice is yours, will you be the savior who destroys the threat to this metro?, the last santuctuary of russian humanity.One thing they won't say, ""Get out of here A.R.T.Y.O.M.""Lol- btw i am a big SOC fan, all the rest are meh.1 trillion out of the stars in this brightest of galaxies, er, thats me score!"
,Recommended,286690,23004325,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CommonSense714,"I haven't attempted this game on any of the Ranger modes yet, but I have thoroughly enjoyed this game.  This is a game I recommend to anyone looking for a good single-player FPS experience!"
,Recommended,286690,18553770,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rooty Rootz,"What a great game! It has a compelling story with likeable characters (adapted from a book, how rare is that?); immersive presentation within all technical departments; and solid gameplay, even with some weaker mechanics (the human AI during stealth sucks). It manages to incorporate at least a tolerable amount of variety into its 7-8 hour linear campaign to make it never seem overly repetitive.The fact that I blazed through it in two and a half days says how enthralling it is if you play it right. Turn off the lights, put on some headphones, and tune out the real world. You'll get a tight experience, yo. You may even want to replay it. I know I will some day."
,Recommended,286690,30943744,Posted: 4 April,all,Bibostin,"STORY:The first thing i would like to make clear is that this isnt a horror game, sure there are some big scary enemys that seem spooky however that shouldnt dissuade you from picking it up, EVERYTHING is killable, you just need the right tools and some quick wit to out think the enemy. linking into that this game is about SURVIVAL, you are simply trying to survive as are the enemys and mutants you encounter.As short of a game as this was there is tons of replayability as the story is great (as expected of Dmititry glukhovsky) and the story will grip your attention the whole way through.GAMEPLAY:In comparison to the original game the Redux is really polished, combat is seamless, works really well, and i cant think of a single time bugs or awkward A.I lead to my death. There are tons of weapons to chose from however its not as simple as picking a gun up and going, you have to plan every move, every shot and in some cases such as on the surface, every breath. do you need med packs incase you run into heavy resistance? or would some more ammunition or an upgrade for your gun serve you better? the game will give you choices in regards to armament and tactics, you will only be able to pick one and once you decide on that route thats it, you will probably have to stick to it unless you have a surpless of currency. i really liked this as it meant i had to plan what upgrades and weapons i wanted to get.really fun i recommend getting both this and last light."
,Recommended,286690,32875755,Posted: 27 June,all,rez59,its good
,Recommended,286690,32886306,Posted: 27 June,all,✘ Finihous™ ✘[♫On],A MUST PLAY! 10/10
,Recommended,286690,32310511,Posted: 10 June,all,Pizza Slices,It's worth the money you give it tough some things from the original metro 2033 game was changed.Graphics=the graphics look much better from the original metro 2033 example:people don't have the same face now(in metro 2033 near everyone had the same face with minor differences now its much better and peple don't look like each other)but my problem with the graphics is it looks like a highly moddded fallout taking place in the undergroundlook at fallout ENB's and this games graphics you will see that it looks really similar And my other complaint is the game is too bright now if you lower it down to the lowest it's the around middle of metro 2033.Gameplay=if you ask me it's good but sme things from the original metro 2033 has changed like you can now clean your gas mask's glass which you coeldn't do before but now you can't recharge your flashlight when it got a little bit darker but you have to wait for it to be near end to recharge it and that is just annoying.but the gunplay is much better now it doesn't feel llike you are shooting little rocks you find on the ground.Stealth:It's just too easy now
,Recommended,286690,32939629,Posted: 28 June,all,Mogrey665,this game helped me learn russian. oh блин
,Recommended,286690,32856309,Posted: 27 June,all,Barkbiten,"Pros:-Amazing atmosphere, art direction and worldbuilding-Great graphics-Interesting story-Great Firstperson combat, stealth and unique weapons-Linear (you might wonder why I put this as a positive, mostly because i'm so f***ing tired of open world games and this game does it very nicely)-Resource management (Interesting how you got to keep track of how many bullets and gas filters you have. The Currency in the game is also in the form of military grade bullets that is usuable in some of the weapons)-Music and audioCons-Fairly unintersesting characters (not all of them, but most)-Resource management (Remember when i said this was a positive? Well it can get really tedious when you run out of gasfilters, especially when it's because your companions block the way cause they have to finish their dialogue. I only had this problem at chapter 6 and had to replay a level because of this. This was also the first time I ran out of filters so I wasn't quite ready for it)-Not a big fan of silent protagonists (But! Artyom is interesting since he does speak in the loading screens and is probably the first silent protagonists I like)-Some animations look clunky and dated (Mostly human faces and idle animations)Conclusion: BUY IT"
76561198003254522,Recommended,286690,32859753,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Buttnuggets,"Metro: 2033 is getting old and despite the graphic overhaul of Redux, it still shows. I would rather put the cons before the pros because despite its flaws, the game is often on Sale and is still worth a play. Some cons don't affect gameplay and are simply peeves of mine.Cons:- Expandable is pretty much the word for every characters you meet in this game. Story does little to make me care for them so the dramatic moments often fell flat to me.- Several bugs are found through the entire game. Ranging from minor to annoying:Minor LODs (textures popping / disappearing based on where you look or stand), annoying but acceptableZ-Fighting (texture collisions causing flickering) also annoying but acceptableUsing the Flamethrower causes lag and framerate issues, I was able to reproduce this on 2 different computers both with specs over required. The framerate drop was not game breaking but enough to affect player immersion.Monsters saved at checkpoints, sometimes killing me before I had a chance to react.Later in the game, to avoid straying too far from an NPC, the game will spawn a mutant that insta kills you. It would keep spawning and killing me despite being glued to the NPC. Reloading from the last checkpoint will not fix the issue, if  the last two points occurs to you, try restarting the level.- A minor issue that doesn't annoyed me at the end. spoiler:in the final level, the same VOs are constantly repeated. This will make you go from ""Oh this is creepy"" to ""Yes, yes, I got the message the first 300 times it was said, get on with it!""Pros:- Dark environment, for those who like the survival horror type.- Limited ammo, gas mask filters and health, good for those who want to feel the stress of how they'll get through the next fight. Will force the players to do some trading in outposts to survive.- Very limited but customizable weapons.- Ally AI is stupid but a lot more usefull than most games out there.- Although a linear path, it still allows a bit of exploration.- Story is fun enough to make me wish I could indulge a bit more."
,Recommended,286690,33129274,Posted: 2 July,all,Orange Tunak,"1. English subtitles, russian voices2. Play on Survival3. Set difficult on Ranger Hardcore4. ...5. PROFIT"
,Recommended,286690,33043688,Posted: 30 June,all,laurguci,10/10 cheeki breeki
76561198120848998,Recommended,286690,33056418,Posted: 30 June,all,Mrskintman,Picked this up in a bundle with Metro Last Light for £6.24 and I'm not disappointed. This game has great gameplay and a great story. I love the gas mask and flashlight mechanic because it's really immersive and the lighting is great too. Also russian blokes. 9/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,286690,26705494,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kuranosuke,"Metro 2033 is a linear game with an emphasis on ammo conservation and stealth (Although there is a mode for beginners who are unfamliar with the genre with plentiful ammo supplies). Some of the enemies in the game can do quite a bit of damage from one hit. This game has weapon customization but you can only carry three guns. It can be 3 shotguns, 3 revolvers, 3 Ak-47s, etc. This game also has a gas mask that his required to wear in certain areas. From the cold city of Post-apocatolyptic Moscow, to the unsafe tunnels of the Metro. Don't get too comfortable wearing that mask, as it can break and you have to change filters every so often. Don't worry, New gas masks and filters can be found on dead bodies and vendors. Mutants aren't your only enemy. Be on the look out for Communists (Reds as they call them) and Fascists. All in all, it is one of the best games I have played and I do recommend buying it."
76561198197946110,Recommended,286690,33180316,Posted: 3 July,all,hubschh,In my personal opinion one of the best games ever created. The story the setting the graphics the survival it’s all so elegantly rolled into one and one of the most captivating I have ever played
,Recommended,286690,27654818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,M4KLOWICZ,KLIMACIK
76561198128745753,Recommended,286690,33205929,Posted: 3 July,all,✠ZakTheMac✠,"Honestly, this game taught me the value of human life...The immersion was so deep that I believe that at many points I became part of the soviet surviviors in the now post apocolyptic Moscow. Short But Sweet and full of that much needed grit to keep the suspence and tension applied at each and every corner. A gem of a game!''If It's Hostile Kill it!''"
,Recommended,286690,33048822,Posted: 30 June,all,Ryan™,"As a person who is not a fan of Single-Player games but loves an ""Apocolyptic"" style world, This game is abosultely perfect.Rich in Story gameplay and action, stealth, combat and gore, This is the game for anyone to enjoy and spend hours in the Metro's of Post-Apocalyptic Moscow.5/5 Rating."
,Recommended,286690,29131187,Posted: 8 January,all,JoeMcSlug  | YOLO,YESSS!!!!!!!!!
76561198066820808,Recommended,286690,33160161,Posted: 2 July,all,Meow,"Easily up there with the half-life franchise! An absolute MUST buy even without the summer sale!Fantastic story line, great sound tracks, amazing gameplay.You are able to interact with each character and hear their story. (can proceed without listening if you are not into story development and only want to focus on the main story line).Story: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Value for money (summer sale): 9999999/10Easily up there with the half-life franchise! An absolute MUST buy even without the summer sale!Fantastic story line, great sound tracks, amazing gameplay.You are able to interact with each character and hear their story. (can proceed without listening if you are not into story development and only want to focus on the main story line).Story: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Value for money (summer sale): 9999999/10One of the BEST games I own. An absolute must buy!"
76561198059601622,Recommended,286690,32968973,Posted: 28 June,all,Schrödinger's Cat,"This was a rather great game you can view this as you want but here's my view on it: The game lacks any sort of direction as to where you need to go (no way points) which to me is preferable because it forces you to think and explore. The whole ""limited resources"" adds another challenge to the game to make every shot count, use your gas mask filters wisely, search every nook and cranny if possible to find spare filters/masks and ammo. The weapons in the game are very customisable so you can play how you want (CoD style spray bullets everywhere, or fun and stealthy/careful), there's also a difficulty/style that makes it a bit more ""run and gun"" that provides more resources if that's your style.One thing I did hate about the game was the level ""Trolley Combat,"" it puts you in the gunner seat of a trolley/car thing that has rather wonky controls (makes you aim up and down with your mouse (or Right stick with up-down movement only if you use a controller) and rotates the turret left and right with 'A' and 'D' keys (left stick with left-right movement only if you use a controller); in this part of the level you cannot heal yourself with your med kit, so if you've taken an excessive amount of damage and hit a checkpoint right before the enemies arrive you're kind of screwed, at this point your only option is to restart the level and try to take less damage and be more accurate with your shots. I was finally able to pass it by putting the difficulty to the lowest setting (which you can nicely do at any point in the game) and set it back after.But not to end this review on a bad note, the game was phenomenal with interesting characters, many different enemies: Nazis, Communists, and various mutants which can resemble a sort of animal (or human) that it mutated from. It has very interesting lore and just might make be buy the book series it's based on. The soundtrack is also a masterpiece that adds a good feel for the atmosphere, especially the ambient guitar being played by a refugee in the metro.On to the next game, and excited for the new one coming out, it's definitely a great series."
,Recommended,286690,26493101,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is quite a upgrade compared to the original.
,Recommended,286690,33043348,Posted: 30 June,all,Madrabaz,a must play experience. the story and the atmosphere is amazing.
,Recommended,286690,13360773,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,CRAFTYORB,"Never since the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series have I played such an atmospheric horror shooter - and by the way both universes cross paths :P .The narative is pretty coherent, as it happens in 2 timelines and also 2 planes but in the longrun it sucks you in.There are many iconic moments and after playing through the first chapters I realised how much Rail shooters like Call Of Duty of Wolfenstein 2014 have taken from us , FPS gamers.A certain freedom of operation ensures like serveral ways of completing an area:- go guns blazing- creep behind the enemies without fireing one shot- let the mutants and bandits finish eachother off and pick the last ones out.- take each one down like a stealthy assassin, your choice.The graphic is good (even if I consider the original to be darker) and the game mechanics are also nice ( improved mechanics over the original-old one and better optimised performance).If you haven't played this game you are missiong out on what the gaming medium has to offer in terms of the Post-Apocaliptic Genre."
,Recommended,286690,17406347,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ＲＡＤＩＵＳ,"Great improvement from original. Better graphics, mechanics and audio. It's the only game I take breaks on because it get so intense and scary. My only problem is the voice acting, I heard the english voice and it has changed alot (it's more deeper and slower) , I prefer the original even the russian voice has got a bit worse. Other than that it's an amazing game and my all time favorite series!"
,Recommended,286690,14803424,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Red,"Metro 2033 Redux recreates the amazing classic of Metro 2033, complete upres with better textures and atmospheric details. Great looking with a lot of the features that were added in Last Light, such as weapon modifications and a slightly more RPG like weapon and item system (instead of having a pistol/rifle/shotgun, you can now have 3 rifles if you truly want to, one with a silencer one without etc.) Also adding the wipe mask feature with the additions of dirt and spatter to add one more realistic feature to the list of things already in the game. The campaign feels similar but many things have been slightly tweaked enemies are swapped a bit something new here and there with the addition of new cutscenes. If you loved the original or if you've never played Metro it's definetly worth it. 8/10"
,Recommended,286690,22418029,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,minimalistpolygeek,"This is a great horror, post apocalyptic, survival game. It is a first person shooter but does allow for two different endings (although I had to look up how to achieve the second one as it wasn't obvious how to get to it).I played this on survival mode and it was a decent challenge.The only real issue I had was that occasionally I would run out of gas masks without a way to get more on any particular level. The only solution was to re-do sections of the game, moving quicker, and grabbing items where you now know where they are."
,Recommended,286690,17209148,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,farygin,"Pretty good rebuild of the original game with minor changes in graphics/gameplay/etc.Good mechanics, interesting plot(although you can`t expect anything else from the bestseller book by D.Glukhovsky).Sometimes i found hard for myself to get every achievement since game ain`t always clear about what it wants :P.Anyway, I`ve read the book, enjoyed it. Played the game, enjoyed it.You should try it too)9/10"
,Recommended,286690,26460030,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,"Redux+have better pefomance+i actually  smile when help people you feel like heroes on crueal world+Good ending+main heroes voice actor lot better+beautiful world+have better impact be ""good guy"" that fallout 4+someone call this worst that fallout4  i call them bi*tchs"
,Recommended,286690,15487458,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Makin' It Wayne,"Man, the Russian people sure do know how to write a good post-apocalyptic thriller.If you haven't played this game, especially the Redux version, it's a must. I promise you, you won't regret it.Just turn the lights off, throw your headset on, and prepare to be sucked into one of the most immersive games that I have ever played. (I also find that turning the in-game music off helps with the immersion as well.)Keep your Kalash close, and keep your head down low."
76561198015927399,Recommended,286690,14546822,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"I originally played Metro: 2033 back in 2010 when it first came out but only managed a mere 2-3 hrs. Not being a fan of stealth in games put me at a disadvantage and the use of the gas mask put me off. Now, when Metro: 2033 Redux was released and at a discount I couldn't refuse. Now that I have completed the game, what did I think?I freaking LOVE this game! First off the setting and story is so very good, it really makes you feel a part of the Metro world. The graphics... oh my the graphics are some of the best if not THE best in any FPS I have ever played. The choice of weapons are varied and unique looking, again adding to the feel of the games' setting. The enemies are varied and scary as hell. The gas mask is actually a nice addition to the gameplay, adding tension to an already tense game, especially when your air supply runs out.This game is not for the weak minded. I have played many shooters in my time, watched many horror films and spent 6 years in the military but this game constantly scared the S**T out of me! Seriously, I was affraid to keep playing. I am of course glad I did but it cost me my sanity.My only regret is that it had to end. I would have loved to have carried on in this rather grim, sad, emotional, terrifying game.9/10"
,Recommended,286690,16660437,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AsianFro4,"What can i say about this game. This game is just pure amazing. Its one of those games that you get super hooked too but you want to stop playing so you dont loose your mind because your so immersed in this messed up world. I LOVE the Metro series. Both are absolutely amazing. Well built, good engine, good graphics, and a great story. Recommended to anyone who likes action, a good story, or even horror."
76561198004192959,Recommended,286690,12664343,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,bronzin54,"If you have not played any of the Metro games, now is the time. THIS IS A MUST PLAY! The Creepy, immersive, haunting and unsettling atmosphere is what really makes Metro shine. You take control of Artyom, a young ranger that is given a quest to go through the horrors of the Moscow metro system to Polis to warn the people of a danger that could mean the extintion of the remaining human race.The game does an amazing job at setting the tone, feel and atmosphere of nuclear post-apocalyptic Russia and fully immersing the player in it enviorments backed up with some of the best visuals to date, powered by the 4A engine. Metro 2033 is best played on hardcore ranger mode (hardest difficulty) in the dark with a good pair of headphones to get the full experience.Having played the original Metro 2033, the Redux is a serious upgrade to enhance the Metro expeirence with a few minor hiccups which I hope with be fixed with updates and later installments. Metro 2033 Redux is the same game as the original but remade in Last Lights engine. Most notable changes are the controls and how you as the player take control of Artyom. The controls in the original were clunky and somewhat frustrating but now are fluid and responisive. Another notable change are the visuals which are a mix of highs and lows (mostly highs). The graphical videlity of the enviorments and character models are some of the best I have ever seen in a video game, though compared to the original, some enviroments look too clean to be in a post-apocalytic setting and can be a little distracting at times.Metro also does a great job of making the player feel vunerable not just from the mutant enemies and fascist regimes, but also from the enviroment itsef, almost making you feel handicapped at times. And also giving you some legitimate scares through out the game, or at the very least getting under your skin and creeping you out.The Russian voice acting is some of the best and REALLY makes you feel that you are in post-apocalyptic Russia, how ever the english voice acting isn't nearly as good but still holds up to its own.A must play any kind of gamer, especially for those who likes horror, post-apocalyptic or first person shooters. 9.6/10"
,Recommended,286690,16677963,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr.Arber,"Rebuilt and Remastered for next-gen - this is no mere ""HD port."" Metro 2033 has been rebuilt in the vastly improved Last Light engine and gameplay framework, to create the definitive version of the cult classic that fans and newcomers alike can enjoy- From store pageThis is truly a Remastered game"
,Recommended,286690,19333356,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Alcat101,"Few FPS game could deliver a well written single player experience, and Metro 2033 is on that category.Inspired by an international best-selling novel with the same title, the settings are told when the world are devastated by all-out nuclear war, irradiating the surface and forcing the population to underground. In the case of Metro 2033, it's on the Metro underground, Russia's underground train system.The story pulls all the character that appear with legit reason, and not because of a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or vague story that we must search behind the scene of the game.I've never read the Metro 2033 novel, but I think this adaptation game is worthy on it's own in the Metro franchise.The story open nicelyin medias res, well not technically in the middle of action, because the intro is a part of the ending mission/story. Later on, the protagonist played out the first introduction of their home, then it's attacked by mutant which is unknown to attack human settlement. The protagonist are told that something or somebody made the mutant act weird, and must find help in other Metro settlement if the protagonist don't want his home to run over by mutant. Along the way, the protag will meet other people that'll help his journey and find out that his early objective might bring the wrong result.Gameplay wise, it's a generic shooter. You pick weapon, load the ammo, and shoot at the enemy. What makes it unique is as the game is set in the apocalyptic world, ammo is scarce. There are 2 type of bullet, the pre-war ammo grade which is used by the Metro populace as currency, deals more damage but scarcer to look. And the Metro built in ammo, which can be acquired easily but deals lower damage. Although it's only for weapon that shoot military ammo, some weapon use other type of ammo, such as bow and bolt arrow, steel ball bearing launched with pneumatic weapon, shotgun shell, and the ancient flamethrower.The game feature a gameplay without HUD, meaning player must derive their avatar condition by seeing their equipment. A cracked gas mask needs replacement, gas filter that must be used when in radiated area can deplete and when 1 filter time's is up, the player breathing will be harder. The player can also 'look up' their gun to see how much bullet is left, visually.The story can end up in 2 way, which is differentiated by how the player act during their journey. A karma system exist where if they help the people, being generous or avoid killing (the game gave more way than one in completing certain level) will give good moral point, whereas stealing, ignoring plea and outright slaughtering everyone will generate bad moral point. This leads to the good or bad ending in the end of the story.All in all, Metro 2033 is a solid experience set in apocalyptic world where the remain of human population must fight for survival, both the mutated creature and human themselves pose the same threat. It gives off the right feeling when the world are truly ravaged by nuclear war, the underground Metro is dark and supressing while the surface is a beautiful winter coated in radiaton fallout."
76561198039425988,Recommended,286690,19123041,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Deep Cove,"I bought both Redux editions of the Metro games as I was looking for something post apocalyptic to while away the hours. So far I have enjoyed the game. It's FPS with some RPGish and sneaking elements. The AI isn't the smartest, but I have been playing the game on hard and enjoying it. It's an older game now, but the redux edition was well worth the price I paid for it. Grab it on sale if you're looking for a good shooter with a decent story."
76561198034550350,Recommended,286690,18591438,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,daveonthethird,Lit but hard AF
,Recommended,286690,19970868,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sir_Wulf,"10/10Most atmospheric and fantastic game that I've ever played!This game is so immersive that I managed to beat it in a single sitting! I have no regrets for playing it for 8-9 hours straight.Metro 2033 Redux:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 13.5/10Story: 10/10Atmosphere: 10/10Horror: 20/10 (This game almost made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.)Action: 15/10Honestly, my only problem with this game is how short it is but it has lots of re-playability value so I'd highly reccomend it to anyone interested in story-rich atomspheric games."
,Recommended,286690,27105547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mayuri Kurotsuchi,"A fantastic story, which takes you with the main charakter.A Game which let's you choose between Stealth or Action packed Gameplay. Even after you read the famous and awesome book, it's a great game. You can feel the scary atmosphere on your skin.Contains Weapon Mods, Fascists, Sovjets and other crazy people."
,Recommended,286690,29615248,Posted: 31 January,all,[KiK] Sage,"Honestly this is one of the best games I've ever played, if you're looking for syfy/semi realism this is the game for you, this game thought of everything  from filters to gas masks breaking everything about the game is amazing I loved every second of the story."
,Recommended,286690,23104971,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SuicidalMG,"Wanna get immersed in Cheeki Breeki Land? You're in the right place.Just beware - the hardest difficulty gets tediously difficult when playing in some sections, since mutants are a ♥♥♥♥♥ and when dealing with waves of them it just becomes a case of trial and error until a gate opens so you can leave the area.A part from that... let's go with Uncle Bourbon - let's find some caeeeebaaaagggggeeeeeeee!"
,Recommended,286690,28739840,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheZeemur420BlaZe,"Great game, but still has its flaws.  You never feel safe because of your lack of ammo. Plus the enemies are great. Through the game, you will face foes that get increasingly different and harder which is a breath of fresh air. Also, the game has a great story (coming from a great book). BUT, the animations in the game need some work, and the game doesnt do an amazing job at leading you where to go (mostly because it is dark and hard to see in certain circumstances). Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves story driven shooters. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,32865113,Posted: 27 June,all,elk,10/10
,Recommended,286690,13514903,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Graphic-J,"Talk about eye candy. If you can't run this game in Ultra I'd suggest you to wait to play it until you can. Really beautiful and filled with details that it would be a shame to experience it in High settings or less.Yes, Metro 2033 Redux is much better than Metro 2033."
,Recommended,286690,16400835,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LinkinParkx3,"Great game,  great atmosphere, great story. Get this game, worth the price."
76561198330202144,Recommended,286690,32420035,Posted: 14 June,all,spartion,This is a great game. I like how it is more story based and linear then most other games.
,Recommended,286690,23209062,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,CobraChun,"What a great game!!! The concept, the story, the gameplay everything seems just so right!The song at the start screen is always a relaxing moment and makes me want to play this game even more.Like most games the story is very predictable but the metro 2033 story totaly not.Some people are whining about having too less filters or ammo but i never had this problem! :pMetro is no rushing francise it's all about exploring en gathering supplies, keep this in mind and you will love this game!So if you ask me:PROS:- EVERYTHING!CONS:- Did i even write CONS in a metro review?"
76561198014731283,Recommended,286690,26556766,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Saturn Return,This is one experience you do not want to miss out on.It's the type of game that pop up on sales and you think about buying it but never do.Some months later you go ahead and buy it and wonder how it managed to slip under the radar for so long.I also recommend the books with the same name written by Dmitrij Gluchovskij.
,Recommended,286690,33630271,Posted: 18 July,all,Rezear,"Great game, a story you should experience at least once."
,Recommended,286690,25975739,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jamey R.,"Metro 2033 Redux is a perfect adaption of what the books ""Metro 2033 & 2034"" gave us...The Visual style is perfect and very atmospheric.This is how i imagined the russian metro when I was reading the book (long before the game came out.).If you are a fan of the Book, THIS IS A MUST!If you have not read the book, this is a great game. Linear, but it has very good story telling and timing.Great for fans of Apocalyptic Fiction!"
,Recommended,286690,30075903,Posted: 21 February,all,bGs,Suka ♥♥♥♥♥ ! :)) (jk)Good game !7/10 !
,Recommended,286690,29085545,Posted: 7 January,all,Zinbar Vorn,"It was snowing last nigth in the country I lived. I was walking to subway.. Suddenly a russian couple walk by my side.. There were talking.. And I looked down to stairs, I saw the falling snow .. all those voices, the water sticking to the cold boots .. I was in the Metro for a moment... it just Creeps me up.. But i felt good. So now im ready to play again and again.."
,Recommended,286690,22898782,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bl4ckyyy_,Its a pretty good game.Good storyGood graphicsGood horror
,Recommended,286690,19540504,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!8./10Recommended Purchasehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=567467138A Hard Knock LifeMetro 2033 Redux is a remastered version of the original Metro 2033 game,both developed by 4A Games and published by Deep Silver. The original game came out in 2010 but the redux was released in 2014. The redux features a high-res graphical update,some minor level changes,and a complete overhaul of the gameplay to bring it up to par with Last Light. Metro 2033 takes place in a post-apocalyptic Moscow after nuclear war has brought the world to ruin. The Russian people took refuge in the metro under their once-great country and from there they began the daunting task of rebuilding the life they once knew. The game features a single-player story with a total of 7 chapters, each divided up into sub-sections that can take anywhere from 10-30 minutes,and a total game length of about 10 hours.The world of Metro is one of the games' biggest strengths and it's very unique in how the Russians handle the apocalypse. There is obviously no shortage of nuclear apocalypse games out there but the focus of Metro is less on the apocalypse itself but instead what happens afterwards.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=570635186Metro 2033 is a phenomenal game,due in large part to the unparalleled atmosphere. The atmosphere and immersion that you will find in 2033 is breathtaking. You actually feel like you're in the metro and that everything hinges on getting to Polis Station. The gunplay does much to enhance this immersive feeling and every gun feels satisfying and,more importantly,the guns feel real. These weapons are like you may think,these are the weapons of a desperate people fighting with what they can find against a boundless enemy. The weapons aren't mint-condition AK-47's but instead are things like a shotgun made out of a bicycle or a pressure weapon that launches metal stakes.Every weapon has a multitude of attachments that you can purchase at a shop. These attachments range from a suppressor on your AK to turning your double barreled shotgun into a quad barreled shotgun. The weapons fire either dirty bullets,bullets made in the metro after the war,or Military grade bullets,pre-war bullets that are more rare. Metro has one of the most interesting currency systems I have ever seen as you use these military grade bullets as currency,as well as ammo if you're desperate. The military grade rounds are much harder to find but if you decide to use them in your guns they deal massively more damage and they seem to set enemies on fire as well.The gameplay of metro takes one of two forms,stealth or loud combat. Almost every time you fight human enemies you can choose which of these methods you would like to use. Against monsters however there's only one option:go loud and hope for the best. There are multiple types of monsters and each is very unique in different ways.Each level is incredibly well though-out and each one feels like it's made for either option. Every map has different approaches and ways you can go about taking out,or even in some cases sneaking around, your enemies. These also aren't exactly easy levels either as stealth in 2033 is challenging and requires ample amounts of patience and even more skill.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=570639286The story of Metro 2033 is that you play as Artyom,a ranger who wakes up in his home station of Exhibition. You are awoken to find that your old friend,Hunter,who is also a ranger, has returned and you go to the airlock to greet him only to find that your home is yet again under attack. You,Hunter,and your stepfather Alexei,defend the airlock from Nosalises which are the basic mutant enemy.Hunter leaves Exhibition but before he does he gives you his dogtags and says that if he isn't back within 24 hours that you need to head to Polis Station and tell them what has happened. So begins your journey and along the way you will meet several important characters,each wildly different in both looks and behavior. The first character you meet is Bourbon,a gambling drunk who offers to give you his AK as long as you help him through the tunnels. The second character you encounter is Khan,who you go with after you cannot follow Bourbon any farther,and he is more of a spiritual pacifist character who prefers reason and negotiation over fire and sword.After that the next,and final, main character you meet is Miller and he takes over for most of the rest of the game and is a very orderly and patriotic soldier.TL;DRMetro Redux is nothing but an improvement in every department. Better shooting,improved UI and graphics,etc. This is one post-apocalyptic game you don't want to miss.If you enjoyed this writing and want to read more of such reviews, leave a comment and check out my steam curator page atMudkips Gaming"
76561198246584988,Recommended,286690,26638035,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Andy,"OverviewMetro 2033 Redux is the first game in the 2 game series of groundbreaking survival horror first person shooter created by 4A Games and published by THQ. It received several awards as coming out in 2010 there were not a whole lot of survival games in that genre and the few were nothing compared to the quality that Metro 2033 was and still surprisingly is.After trying this game out this past week i knew i was going to be writing a review…the sheer dark, intensely hard gameplay is an adrenaline fueled experience like nothing else. Compared to most FPS games where you go through the story where the hardest roadblock is running out of ammo, Metro 2033 takes the worst parts of games and incorporates them into all areas of the game concluding in jump scares, lots of death and just the general depressing and dark atmosphere of the entire game.GameplayWhen first starting the game, even the starting scenes are dark, but they prepare you well for the game as you find out. First beginning scene is somewhat terrifying as the character does not survive in the beginning of the game. It gives you a taste of what the game is going to be like however. With the release of Metro: Last Light Redux, there are a couple different options in terms of gameplay.Metro: Last Light supposedly has much more forgiving gameplay and battles as Metro 2033 fights are extremely bloody and you will die more times then not. There are specific goals and missions you are told to complete, interestingly though it has an open world feel to it as you can go almost anywhere and look for supplies as well as more enemies to fight. The game never feels repetitive at least not yet as there are always different situations and enemies attack at different times.You are provided with a compass and lighter which is used for a multitude of things as you progress through the game. There is a list with your objectives written on them that you can use the lighter to look at. Also a compass which always points in the direction you are supposed to go. It is not traditional in any way but it is almost nice as there is not this map with things scattered all over it, you just follow the compass and try to make it there alive.StorylineFrom what i have played as well as heard about, i can tell already there is a massive story line. The voice acting is exceptional as well, it looks and feels at times so modern its unreal as the game is almost 7 years old. There basic premise of the story is a classic post apocalyptic world but with a twist. Instead of the usual start in Los Angeles or New York, you play the entire game in the cold and barren wastelands of Mother Russia.It gives an entirely different feel to the game as it is alien unless you have been to Russia. There are landmarks and such that are real life places in the game. You star as Artyom, i’ll give a basic overview without a lot of detail. The game starts you out as this 20 something Russian soldier, you were fairly popular and will be greeted by most people on a first name basis which is a little odd when first starting out.From the first station you then travel with assorted characters who will die from time to time. There is also a mystic element to the game, mixing in spirits, some form of witchcraft and other dark arts. While you never summon demons or anything your companions at times will surprise you with something. Dmitry Glukhovsky wrote the book that inspired the game and as far as i know the games are fairly accurate representation of them book which explains the in depth storyline.Weapons/Other itemsThere are many different weapons you can get, at each station there is a place to upgrade and/or trade them in for a different and better gun. Your enemies also will drop guns that you can pick up instead of your current weapon. An interesting side note about Metro 2033 is there is unlimited inventory space, that may sound stupid but in almost all games that have limited inventory space all it does is create hours of extra time selling all of it as you run out of space.There isn’t a whole lot of crafting so far that i have done so i’m not sure what to expect. The main currency so far has been ammo, or cartridges as I’ve heard some characters call it. This is used for everything from buying guns and upgrades to bribing guards to let you out of a situation. Other items include gas masks as when you’re on the surface you have to wear a gas mask due to the nuclear radiation still on the surface.ConclusionI’m looking forward to continuing to play this game as it is one of the most intensely hard games I’ve played simply due to always being on edge and trying to aim weapons while being attacked on all sides. The music also is fantastic and keeps you even more on edge as it is fully integrated into the gameplay. There is also a stealth element to the entire game which can mean the difference between life and death especially dealing with human enemies.Hopefully this gives a basic overview of the game without giving away to much :)Check out more reviews attopmmorpggame.com"
76561198076597732,Recommended,286690,26622916,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Welverin,"Enjoying this game quite a bit.  On the edge of your seat excitment that forces you to keep moving while sneaking, and be agressive instead of bypassing battles.  I love the stealth games, but if you don't keep your head on a swivel in this game one of those darn mutants will chomp on it!!Love.  Can't wait to finish this and move on to the next.  Glad I finally bought and am playing these."
,Recommended,286690,30768998,Posted: 27 March,all,winc,"Completed and really did like the overall game play.The Graphics had moments of wonder and utter stunning, and then sometimes felt a little blury and low res. Sound was sometimes a little strange, and you felt that sometimes it wasn't clear enough in the conversations - but that could have added to the feel of the envirnoment - just sometimes hard to hear.However, the game play and the feel of the whole game was wonderful, and you certainly felt the struggle that was always there.The story felt very short (compared to open world stories etc) and finished in 7 hours all up, but didn't collect all Note Books.In my opinion the ending felt forced and lacked the feeling of really achieving the ending it deserved. You didn't really have any big boss to beat, and it felt more like a ""puzzle"" game at the end compared to a FPS. They had a story they wanted to tell, and they were interested in the story, more than making it an interactive part of the FPS that you had played for the last 7 hours. So felt a bit jarring.Overall however I would recommend this on special, it was a good amount of time playing a good game, and certainly was worth the cost I bought for (on special).Do not get the none Redux version - this one feels a heap better than the original in both visuals and envirnoment."
,Recommended,286690,17451964,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Exist,"Despite the slight optimization problems, this game is truly amazing. The story, although it may seem poorly thought out and rather dumb, is actually quite good. It reminds me a little of Enders Game. The gamepay changes depending how you play, sure you can run in guns blazing chucking grenades every which way, but you can also lurk in the shadows, and play it a bit like Amnesia.Along with great gameplay, and amazing story, this game is, well, atmospheric. Every character feels alive, every mutant embodies insanity, the Dark Ones visions make you feel something. In a way, you feel like you're actually part of the game.On top of all that, I should probably mention the morality system. The game doesn't even really explain it, but its there, underlying all of your gameplay, but not necessarily getting in the way. Its not like Unturned where you're either Hero or Bandit, its the little things that build it, like talking to people or playing guitars.The games horror aspect is also really good. It may not really be a horror game, but it has you on the edge of your seat. It never lets you feel safe for long enough for you to get bored, which keeps the game moving nicely. Its not jump-scare scary per-say, its more the music, the dark, gory visuals, and the overall graphics and feel of the game.I guess I should also mention the graphics; they're intense. They don't make the game, but they surely don't break it. The outdoors is lovely, bright, but also grey and captures the post-apocalyptic feel. The stations, gloomy and war-torn, but also full of life with the npcs and fires, etc. The tunnels- gloomily lit, bodies strewn around, terrible sounds playing.Overall the Metro Redux games are some of the best games I've played, and they may not be Half-Life, but they're sure as hell worth your money. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,19423870,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sted,"Awasome game, awasome story, just awasome!"
,Recommended,286690,33055497,Posted: 30 June,all,Artas,"If you loved the old Metro 2033 game, you're absolutely going to love this. This is basically an enhanced version of the original and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves apocalyptic/story games."
76561198057628986,Recommended,286690,26339561,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Coffinmaw,"Metro 2033 Redux. What is this game? Why should you buy it? Read on to find out.Based on a best selling novel of the same name, Metro 2033 ""Redux"" is a first-person shooter set in the ruins of post apocalyptic Moscow. You play as a young man named Artyom who, (after an unexpected event), is thrusted into a race against time to save not only his home; but the rest of Moscow as well.The story.The story of Metro 2033 Redux is a familiar one for those of us who've read the novel. If you have heard of this book but have not read it yet, then I suggest you do so before you play this game. Because while the story in Metro 2033 Redux is good, it's not nearly as in-depth as the source material. With that said however, you will find the story to be an excellent motivator to push you forward in your journey through the dark, decrepit, metro systems. One example is how it's told from the perspective of various characters and the environment itself. The former will mention to you how that hideous dog-like creature you just killed is just the usual ""tunnel-trash"", while the former beckons you to explore it's dark, ominous interior to discover what happened here many years ago. Suffice to say, the story in this game will keep you entertained from start to finish. More so if you take it slow and don't try to rush through the game.The gameplayAs previously mentioned, Metro 2033 Redux is a FPS (First-Person-Shooter). The ""gunplay"" in this game is decent most of the time. For example, I once tried sniping an armored bandit in the head and the game registered it as a ""body-shot"". While not a common occurrence, the gameplay is the weakest point of this game. Often joked about as the love-child between the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and F.E.A.R. franchises, Metro 2033 Redux is linear in nature. There are often only two ""paths"" to take in each level: One is direct and requires you to kill most, if not all, foes around you; while the other path allows you to sneak by most of the enemies. To further solidify this, the game has two separate game-modes to choose from before you start a new game. One is called ""survival mode"" where the emphasis of gameplay is stealth. While the other one is called ""spartan mode""... or as I like to call it: ""shoot anything that moves"" mode. Regardless of the mode you choose, the levels will stay the same.Unlike most FPS games however, you need to buy (or loot) the guns you want to use in this game. The interesting thing about this is the game's currency: Military bullets. You get them as you progress the story and by unlocking hidden miniature vaults scattered throughout the game. Sometimes you can also loot a small amount from enemies as well. While they are used as currency, you can also use them yourself with some of your guns. But be aware of the fact that while they can be used to kill most foes in this game very quickly, you only have so much. There are other items and tools you can buy and use in this game, but the game itself explains this well enough early on; so i'm not going to cover the rest.Side note: For most gamers, Metro 2033 Redux will last about nine hours if you just follow the story and choose not to do anything else. At most, you're looking at about twenty-four hours worth of gameplay.The graphicsI have to be honest here. If you're hoping to find a detailed report of how many ""frames-per-second"" on the highest graphical settings that I'm able to get with this game, then i'm sorry to disappoint you. You're going to have to read another review to find out that information. What I CAN tell you is how the game looks from an aesthetic viewpoint though. From the depths of a ruined metro system, to the beautifully disturbing ruins of post apocalyptic Moscow, Metro 2033 redux is a sight to behold. Much like the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games, this game feels as though it's alive and will continue to live on long after you've completed this game. Don't get me wrong: this is no Skyrim. But I would be lying to you if I were to say that this game was lacking in the graphics department -- which it is not.Final thoughtsThis game is fun. While it isn't as good as it could have been in my opinion, Metro 2033 Redux is still greater than the sum of its parts. For the price, you're getting an exciting, memorable, albeit short experience. Of the many hours I have spent in this game, none of it felt wasted. So what are you waiting for? Go buy this game and have fun. And always remember: If It's hostile, you kill It."
,Recommended,286690,16593275,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ACuteKittenPedia,Still better than the London Underground
,Recommended,286690,33001772,Posted: 29 June,all,CaptOblivious,"It's a linear shooter but the shooting, story, and environment more than makes up for it! Definitely worth the price! Hopefully you can max it out, it actually does look beautiful!"
,Recommended,286690,32836723,Posted: 26 June,all,{PF} Futon,"Absolutely a great game, the immersion, the tension, the enviornment all make you feel like you truely are in a hell of what the world used to be. I would absolutely recommend this one. Fallout ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on Metro."
76561198052890580,Recommended,286690,19420958,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cant stump the trump,first thing i did is walk away from my friend fell down a hole and got murdered by baby mutants
,Recommended,286690,19903642,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Polish Girl From Iceland Stream,"Do you know those games that make you wish you can replay the game and experience it all over again? Well this game gave me that feeling. Which is weird because I felt indifferent about the game until I beat it. It plays like your classic story driven fps where you conserve ammo and loot everything you can find. But it feels like there is more to it. It does feel like an old game, it has some bad enemy AI when it comes to stealth and some animations dont look that great. If you can get past that thenyou should be fine. I only intented to buy Metro Last Light, but I got the bundle instead, and I feellike I will like this game a lot more than Last Light.*This is probably the only serious steam review I have made LOL*"
,Recommended,286690,16538346,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Snus,"The immersion and atmosphere in this game are awesome, but I couldn't play original Metro 2033 because of its mediocre shooting mechanic and stupid AI. As these things got really better in the remake, this is now an almost perfect post-apocalyptic FPS. Almost, because some game design decisions don't work well (put you in the room and send wave after wave of enemies - we have Painkiller and Serious Sam for that). Also the optimization is so-so. I had 60 fps on GTX 760 most of the time on medium/high settings, but there're fps drops to 40-50 without any apparent reason sometimes."
,Recommended,286690,18340059,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Buttermancan,"Though I like open sandbox games there is a lot to be said for a game done in this style. It's a linear, heavily scripted game but all the better for it.A great deal of care was put into creating a believable atmosphere which at times genuinely scared me. Of course it's easier to spend development time on this when the story is based on a book but massive credit to them for giving us a scary exciting game to play.There were times when playing that I thought the AI was lacklustre but to be honest this is made up for by atmosphere and narrative.Metro 2033 and Last Light are often on sale so keep an eye out as you can often get them cheap in a bundle. I reccomend the sequel - Last Light though it is a little faster paced and Ammo is easier to come by leading to a decrease in tension and immersion."
,Recommended,286690,33748685,Posted: 23 July,all,raw sauce,"Heck this is a nice gameEspecially with Russian audio. If you don't speak russian you can just turn on English subtitles. It just feels so much more authentic with people speaking russian instead of people speaking american with a russian accent.Oh and just to clarify, the game is nothing like the books, but i still definitely recommend it (both the novel and the game)"
76561198121220138,Recommended,286690,33755924,Posted: 23 July,all,Edge Runner,"I recommend this game, because it's very good and maybe it will change your life. But it's your decisions. And if you like save the world, it's your game then."
,Recommended,286690,17414657,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,migzs,"Solid, solid FPS. Gun play is on point, story is compelling and visuals are amazing for what it is. If y9ou have a fan of first person shooters in the least do yourself a service and pick up this game."
76561198121507123,Recommended,286690,31010789,Posted: 7 April,all,ஜ ( The Last Survivor ) ஜ,I've played both games now and managed to get the good ending in Last Light (Which is said to be canon) and personally I was very satisfied with the way it ended for now.Overall I really love these games and the only real downside from my experience is that sometimes it can feel a bit clunky. Other than that though in my opinion it's a very solid set of games with a good story and fun gameplay.If you're a fan of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Fallout games I'd seriously reccomend you pick these up during a sale because they are well worth the price. (I believe it's around $8 for the bundle on sale)This review is for both Metro: 2033 and Metro: Last Light.
,Recommended,286690,18847584,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MrFourTwenty,"Not a bad game but not great either.  I beat it in under 20 only 17 hours and I am slow at beating games, I like to explore.  Worth it if you get it on the cheap like I did."
,Recommended,286690,33929433,Posted: 31 July,all,AK-93,"This game has been under my nose since 2010, it's a shameseeing it in every GPU benchmark made me ignore it.thinking it's a game for ""graphics ♥♥♥♥♥s""The good:- variety of weapons- weapon customization- a lot of lootable stuff- flash light & night vision. I know they're in most games. but in this game you use them!- maps, story, missions ... etcThe bad (can be solved fortunately):- the game start with extremely low field of view (50 I suppose), it's like walking while scoped in. too narrowand there is no slider to change FOV like any decent FPS gameto change it, you have to go toC:\Users\User\AppData\Local\4A Games\Metro 2033\user.cfgr_base_fov 50I use 70 instead of 50- same thing with mouse sensthere is a slider, but it's dumb. to set specific value you have to go to user.cfg againyou will find something called ""sens""The ugly:- Tab ""E"" quickly to survive (falling off a cliff or wrestling an enemy).I didn't enjoy spamming E to survivenor I felt any satisfaction after being successful at it"
76561198061915018,Recommended,286690,22282898,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Niggledafiggle,"Metro 2033 had killer (sometimes literally for your framerate) graphics and a 'nitty gritty' feel that I loved. Redux doesn't quite have that same feeling and to me looks softer, but that may simply be due to me playing the old one first. Nonetheless vast improvements in all areas have been made, proof that this is an amazing remake that also doesn't mess around with the overall tone and story of the original game.PROS:-Better optimization.-Smoother movement and shooting mechanics.-Better graphics.PREFERENCE:-Voicework has been replaced for Artyom. Uses same voice actor from Last Light. (Personally I liked the original one)CONS:-Stealth is shoddy, one spot and you're out. No recovery.-More linear than original.-Lighting, Redux uses less shadows and brighter colours. Almost spoiling the apocalyptic tone of the original which had soft yellows from lightbulbs instead of harsh bright light from LEDs.Edit: Spelling."
,Recommended,286690,14428024,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,S8box,"This review is for the ones who don't know if play only Metro L.L, as critic said it's better, or start from Metro 2033 ReduxAt my opinion Metro 2033 Redux have a much less linear gameplay, a better exploring map, more secrets to found, battles less point and shoot.... Even the story is more ""readable"" and less ""runnable"".Metro L.L is a great game, but Metro 2033 Redux is much better!!"
76561198128799799,Recommended,286690,26322278,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MEATMANFTW,Metro 2033 Redux is a wonderful remake of Metro 2033. This game is rich in content and has great character progression. The characters are well developed and feel like they have been through alot. This is easily one of my favorite titles in gaming. I would rate this game 10/10.
,Recommended,286690,12177084,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,.s:u:l:t:a:n.,"One of the best FPS shooters. The metro series combines graphics, atmosphere and gameplay like no other game."
76561198031947128,Recommended,286690,12195229,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Zenith.Alpha.Zenith.,"For 33 years, I wandered the Earth in a shadowy haze, a mindless zombie, yet unware of my own mindlessness, my own soulless trance-like stumbling carcass-dance of oblivion in the rotten stinking void of hell that was mere human existence.I’ve tried all the major religions and most of the minor ones. I’ve worshipped Buddha, Allah, Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva, trees, mushrooms, and Isadora Duncan.  I joined a club of late-night gatherings, men only.  (I'm not supposed to talk about it.)  I've fought barefoot on concrete for kicks and splatters.  (I'm not supposed talk about it.)Yet, I walked the earth a mere shell of a man, a proverbial puppet of alien forces, controlled by the back of the neck, northing more than a lost relic, a casualty of a successfull invasion.  They Lived while I slept.And then...then I bought Metro Redux.And now...now I am alive."
,Recommended,286690,35306824,Posted: 29 September,all,Strix eYe,"Oh god. Really good game. U must try.Pros:1. Nice story2. Excellent gameplay3. Decent weapon mod4. Nice environment graphics5. So many kind of experience ( creepy, action, halosination)6. Cheap redux bundle at saleCon:1. Hairwork really poor2. Minor glitchHighly recommended"
,Recommended,286690,13322590,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,daddy,"A great game with a couple of weaknesses. A bit more linear than I'd have hoped. Hubs are sadly more of an afterthought, Missed potential, especially the visually amazing polis. The HUD-less mode which I chose on my first playthrough makes you miss some gameplay functions. Voice acting is good except for the fact that all children have the same creepy voice. It is possible to hit a wall with the gas mask filters as they are exceedingly spare around a certain part of the game, but there is a cheap trick to bypass that problem. Atmosphere and lighting, general tone and mystery of the story are top notch even though there are some loose ends."
,Recommended,286690,16463213,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Caius,"This might be just one the the most atmospheric games i have ever played, I would highly recommend for anyone looking for a high tenson shooter"
76561198133629922,Recommended,286690,14659476,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gregar,"This is begining of everything. This is post-nuclear metro life game. This game telling you about Dmitry Glukhovsky's book Метро 2033. You are russian young and unexperienced kid Artyom. Everything starts to becoming interesting around you. This is very very good game about graphics and ambiance. You can feel easily Artyom's lonely adventure what he is experiencing in this tough mission for world's future. Metro 2033 redux has very good story, horror, action and nice quality game. Overal from 8,5 ==> 9/10"
76561197970549991,Recommended,286690,17658090,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,RedFox,"Loved the original Metro 2033, so when this went on sale for cheap, I had to get it. It is largely the same game, redone in the Metro: Last Light engine. The only differences I noticed were that some of the loading screens had been taken out where multiple smaller levels had been combined into a single larger level. Otherwise, the gameplay differences were so subtle that other than reading guides that outlined them, I wouldn't have been able to notice.The graphics overhaul is great, however, and if you haven't played the game and enjoy slower paced shooters with lots of sneaking around and harsh ammo conservation, you must play this game. The setting/atmosphere is also a breath of fresh air that has to be experienced."
,Recommended,286690,15572082,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kejaboy,"Great game with fun weapons and tools. Dark and frightening at times with a twist of thought provoking dialogue that invites the player to truly question the roles and motivations of the enemys.  I played on its second to most difficult setting and i found myself starving for reasources but not dead in the water.  I was able to complete the campaign and had a blast the whole way through.  Would and will recomend this game, and I'm going to play it again."
76561198026652550,Recommended,286690,11904966,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Hubsy,You should buy this game.. NOW!
,Recommended,286690,13794348,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Chill Pill,"This review is for the Redux version, but it basically applies to regular Metro: 2033 as well.The Game:Metro 2033 Redux, which is the precise game this is for, is like the original with all the DLC thrown in, plus some features from Metro: Last Light (like wiping the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off your mask). All in all it is an excellent game and I've grown fond of it - probably because it's similar (sort-of) to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, and indeed some of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.S. dev's did join 4A when making it. The game isNOTa free-roam game like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. was, it is linear - but it does allow some off-route exploration and such, like finding safes to open, which in turn require finding the key to that safe, which usually have money (military-grade bullets) in them. Ammo is semi-limited, less so if you just go out and kill everone. If you decide to take a Stealth route - there is less ammo, but you also shoot less people thus, it's not a big issue really.The monsters in this game are what kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. It's not that I hate them, of course I do but not because they're in the game, but because sometimes you have zero ammo and♥♥♥♥♥♥is still coming for you! I've never been able to take the stealth-route around the monsters, which is why I kill everyone for their ammo - of course maybe I'm playing wrong when I try to sneak around monsters? I don't know.Anyways, as the title implies, most of the game takes place in the Russian Metro tunnels, however you do go to the surface sometimes. The game does take place after a nuclear-apocalypse so people living in Metro tunnels does make sense, of course. I probably should of mentioned this first - but I write my reviews as I go, so meh.Some of the other cool features I DO like about this game are things such as your Gas Mask, you need it in some areas because they're irradiated. Your watch tells the actual time that your PC is set to, except when wearing these Gas Masks, in which case it counts down until you need to switch mask filters, which I found pretty cool. Filters, at least when I played - which was NOT in any hardcore mode, were plentiful, however that may only be different when playing in Ranger or Hardcore modes. Other than that you shoot stuff, blows stuff up, and all-in-all try to help one faction while fighting others plus the monsters/mutants or whatever they may be.The difference between the Redux versions and the regular versions of Metro, is that they run on a new higher-end, fancier-looking game engine. In addition they have some extra in-game features as well as all the DLC and such standard. If you own both regular Metro games, the Redux Version is something like 50% off the regular price.Would I recommend buying the Metro Redux games if you already own the originals? Well if you want prettier graphics, all the DLC, and extra in-game features (like Metro 2033 shares features from Last Light and such) then, yes I would. If you could care less because they're essentially the same game and you still don't wanna spend $25 or $20 bucks, then no I wouldn't. However I do recommend them in-general regardless.Score: An awesome game, now made more pretty - 4/5[Edits made to fix grammatical errors.]"
76561198037396227,Recommended,286690,16732010,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rob,"This redux edition of the quintessential original game that got me into my favourite genre of post-apocalyptic, survival horror and adventure combination with FPS elements is an absolute masterpiece. Metro 2033 redux follows the story of humanity's survival, in 2033 through the eyes of an overnight turned hero, but brilliant individual Artyom. After his home station is attacked by ""dark ones"", mutants unknown and misunderstood by the remnants of humanity, he sets out on a quest to save his station from the coming doom, initially told to do so after an elite Spetsnaz remnant named ""The Rangers"", one of whom, the best of the order Hunter sets out to fight this threat does not return, Artyom is abruptly spruced into action. An overwhelmingly graphic, tinge and cringe worthy and at times I, a man of the military discipline cried. It touched my very soul and what it means to be human, why we exist the way we do, and why we are our own worst enemy, not the mutants, not the world, not our weapons, but OURSELVES, we destroyed everything we built, in the name of greed, righteousness and the victor. Amazingly done levels, with action sequences, spooky lone adventures and the ultimate feeling of success, however not in the light you always see it so.9.5/10Redux edition adds Last Light mechanicsAdditional graphics options that are optimized for PCAdditional playthrough modes, Spartan, Ranger and Survival etcTuned and additional weapons and game trinkets such as safe lockboxes and caches.Would buy for full cost, and even more so on discount sales. An all round game that is one of my top 3 of all time, others being Fallout series and Metro:Last Light."
,Recommended,286690,11903560,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Nutstabber,Flashlight Charging Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,286690,11950628,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,chris89,"Fully recommend Metro 2033: Redux.Even if you own the orginal version, i strongly suggest to get this one, due to the graphical improves and minor other changes to the game. Such as the Dead City map. Which is now one complete level instead off to. Weapon mods as well help a lot. Makes the Ball-Bearing gun even better (air one)Some new secrets had been added as well. Also including some other areas that are slightly different to. Enjoy it a lot on what is my second playthrough of Metro 2033."
,Recommended,286690,11893804,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Boreale,I like it.It was only $12 and its worth a whole lot more imo >>
76561197983650470,Recommended,286690,32404050,Posted: 13 June,all,Sphee-Chan,Good game beated in 14.8 hours.. Cheeki breeki
,Recommended,286690,24360922,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Desaix,"Metro 2033 Redux is a mostly linear shooter with a dark and gritty atmosphere in post-apocalyptic Moscow. Sometimes, especially during the stealth parts of the game, the game let's you choose from different paths. This game is inspired by a book written by Dmitri Alexejewitsch Gluchowski. It gets a lot of praise in the gaming community so it was a no-brainer for me to try it out sometime. They weren't wrong. It's clearly a classic.+ Nice gameplay+ Immersive atmosphere+ Many weapons to choose from and you can upgrade them as well.+ It runs well and looks very nice on high settings.+ Stealth mechanics could be better, but do their job in the end.+ Memorable enemies and scenes- I wanted to hear Russian voices, but it's not fully subbed.- I hoped to see more interaction with people that could have deepened the atmosphere even more. Also, there could be missions inside of the human colonies, too. I felt a bit disappointed by the human colonies and found myself craving for more.- I don't want to spoil anything, but there is a hidden moral point system I don't agree with because some parts of it don't make sense.I got punished for killing bad guys.- The FOV is rather small. Although there is no FOV slider in the settings, I have heard it's possible to change it manually in the ini file. You might want to check this out.If you like singeplayer games with dark atmospere and some survival elements then this game is for you. I recommend buying the bundle with the sequel Metro: Last Light redux.Replay value: AverageRating: 9/10Recommendation: Yes"
,Recommended,286690,16612696,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bethecoconut,"This is one of the best ♥♥♥♥ing games of all time.The story is great, maybe a bit cliche with the whole nuclear apocolypse and mutants schtick, but other than that it is fantastic. There is a real personality about every character and I actually felt connected to all of them. Whenever you leave a station or someone dies you feel the weight of their distance. These aren't just some cookie cutter characters either, these are real characters with varied personalities.The combat is great and gives some difficulty to it. Guns are well made and one doesn't stick out above the rest, it's determined by your play style.I think the best feature of the game though, is it's horror. I have never played a game that actually creeps the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me as much as this game does. When you're wandering through the abadoned metros all you can think about is being at the nearest station. I didn't want to be there. I want to be back at my station, with my room and postcards. That's real horror. God, I can't express how well the atomosphere was done to showcase this level of actually heeby-jeebyness.No bugs/gliches eithier and it runs at high locked 60fps."
,Recommended,286690,15828416,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lachra,"Game has a nice flow to it. A good single player experience to get lost in for a little while, if you can find it for $10-$15 I would say jump on it. I got it on sale bundled with Last Light for like $7 a piece.Its gun play isn't bad compared to even more modern games. But we are getting to be a bit spoiled there.The graphics are pretty good, it runs decent enough, but prolly not for low-end rigs.The story is pretty good. The weapons are decent enough, though I feel could have had a better selection. The enemies are kinda cool, the monsters are alright.The thing that really shines in this game is the atmosphere. The use of setting, music, mood. They did a good job in that department. I really liked traversing in this game. It doesn't hold your hand to tell you where to go all the time, and there is a decent amount of hidden goodies all over the place.  I find it refreshing that it doesn't have some neon blinking arrow pointing at the objective or where you need to go all the time. (or some alternative of that most games now-a-days have in abundance)There isn't a ton of repetition in level design, but you can see it every now and then. I think there are moral moments in the game that you choose to do something, or not, but I am not sure what it really effects. Unless the game has multiple endings. Which I am not sure if it does.The music is pretty good to. I have had my girlfriend, and my best friend both tell me that they like hearing the music coming out of my room when I play this game. The game does some things just right. Kinda like ""Singularity"" did. It isn't the best, but its atleast worth giving a shot.I played it on hard difficulty, and that is what I would recommend as well. It's pretty challenging, but not ridiculous. Ammo can become scarce if you don't search for it, and conserve. I was running into Air issues for my gasmask (I like to explore) but I made it through the game relatively well considering.One thing that I think this game could use that it had no shred of is boss fights. A game like this could have 3, maybe 4 mini bosses, and 1 final boss. No such thing in this game.I would recommend having some what of a decent rig if you decide to play it. The length isn't all that long, but it isn't all that short either, its a decent middle length, it could of went longer if it included the boss fights that I mentioned above.I will be playing the second game Last Light. I hear it was good too.Some complaints on the game is It is sometimes hard to make out what the other characters in the game are saying. Mainly when you, and they are wearing gas masks, plus the accents. Which I have to point out that you can clearly hear that the accents for some of the people in the game were horrible to the point of being kinda funny. Namely the Nazi/germans. That was funny.Another complaint is the nightvision goggles in the game aren't calibrated enough, most of the dark places have a few lights in them that make the NVGs almost useless. (they could have adjusted the filters better on it so it doesn't flare as bad constantly) The Night Vision Scope (IR scope as they call it) doesn't suffer from this issue.It also crashes kinda easily. There a few areas where picking up a set of Air tanks for gas masks, and medipack off of a table in the later half of the game crashed the game for me every time I tried it."
,Recommended,286690,30755242,Posted: 26 March,all,Jesus,"I got really dissapointed by this game at the last cutscene, because it was 720p@12-ish fps.Other than that, just give the devs your money. It's a nice story, with good gameplay. And of course, it's gorgeous."
,Recommended,286690,26324465,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,KonianOS,"Very nice and story rich title and well optimized as well.When you see all this in a game, you cant help yourself but buy it. So yeah I recommend it with my eyes closed"
,Recommended,286690,22915428,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Arch,A fantastic shooter with great mechanics and some of the best videogame storytelling ever!
,Recommended,286690,32372373,Posted: 12 June,all,Eagle_One_,"Great game! Graphics amazing, fun factor on point.Where is multiplayer, this looks like it would be a great multiplayer game!? Even CO-OP would be sweeeet! Maybe in the Future?"
76561198075473493,Recommended,286690,20318418,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hirame[ヒラメ],This Game is great-SURVIVAL-LOW AMMO-STEALTH-RUSSIAN ACCENTS-CREEPY MONSTERS-LIBRARIAN BEST MONSTER EVER
76561198045345759,Recommended,286690,31970232,Posted: 26 May,all,Arcane Hex,"**NO SPOILERS*Into-This game is based off a best-selling novel also called Metro 2033 and therefore I would consider this a story-based shooter rather than an action-based shooter.Plot-Metro 2033 is a post-apocalyptic first person shooter based on the aftermath of a nuclear war in Russia.After the nukes mutated creatures (simiply called mutatnts) forced the survivors into the metro  to create towns and cities for a new life underground.You play as Artyom in Moscow in the year 2033 who has been given a task of seeking help from the Polis Rangers (A sort of  police that protects the metro from constant mutant attacks which have left Artyoms home city devastated.Graphics -A realistic approach to a gloomy railway civilisation really sets out the mood of the game. Dark shades are prevalent throughout the world with the reds of fires and civilisation a sight for sore eyes in-between cities.Ive seen comparisons from the old Metro 2033 and the redux and let me tell you the remaster was significant enough to make the original  obsolete in comparison. Extra lighting effects, anti-alliasing and texture reworks are just a few things you can expect from the redux.The meshes arent out-dated and have aged well with particle effects from fires from grenades and water from rivers satisfying, but not satisfying enough.7/10SoundRadios playing relaxing acoustic music are one thign i will definitely take away from this game. The music progresses great from cheery bar-music to eerie subway or exploration music to pure ambience for when you are truly alone.8/10Gameplay -The gameplay mechanics in relation to lroe are refreshing to say the least in comparison to the ""generic"" shooters these days.Instead of the overused objectives or mission overlay that shows up in most shooters, holding an assigned key brings up a clipboard  that has Artyoms notes for his objectives, an accompanying lighter to brighten up the text is pulled out as well. As insignificatnt as this sounds, this simple element really blends into the atmosphere and enivorment of the depressing and chaotic world that is Metro.Guns are the weapons of choice in Metro and come in a range of choices that suit any play-style to run-and-gun machine guns to cowboy-revolvers to the sneaky poison gas=pressured gun.Traps are put in smart places to be repetitive, yet keep you on your feet however their was not enough ammo for the constant onsalught of mutants and I constantly found my self dying to a forced reload out after all my weapons are out of ammo.There was also too many controls for placing gas masks in, changing filters,melee,grenades,torch and night vision many-a-time i have been confused on which but to press which lead to my death.7/10Story-Without including spoliers the story is quite thrilling , with twists and turns around every door.Though some elements weren't explained at all and left me scratching my head for a character to jump in and explain all the mystical events though this could be because the books are a series.Notes are left throughout the world to help explain Artyoms inner thoughts and the world.World building has been well fleshed out with reasonable explainations for the events and clear displays of the effects that the devastation has left on society.6/10Length,Replayability and DifficultyThis game has a nice length with myself clocking up 13.1 Hours in one run.I did'nt have to retry a level more than 3 times and it was clearing implied what the game wanted you to do at most points with a few hiccups namely an infamous little boy spider web scene.The game itself isnt too difficult,even on ranger mode(Hard), finding ammo is the most challenging part of the game you will find, but if you save up bullets(the currency) running on empty should be a rare occurance.The game could have definately of had an increased mode for us hard-core gamers out there.The game is quite linear in itself and isnt that replayable, personally i would get bored by the third playthrough as the levels are designed with literal and figurative ""tunnel vision"".7/10Collabrative Enjoyment factor8/10Total Score-42/60 70%Conclusion/TL;DRDespite its flaws, Metro 2033 is one of the better novel-based games.What it lacks in innovative gameplay mechanics that are overwelhming and level design, it makes up for story,atmosphere and lore. I wouldn't reccomend this game for those looking for a sense of achievement from their games.It felt more like a story then a games at times, ironically. However it has a certain niche that would appeal to a plethora of gamers out there and I would insist on purchasing the Metro Bundle if you fit into this group."
,Recommended,286690,28951176,Posted: 2 January,all,Kobo,If you didnt play this game already you should buy it as soon as possible. This game has amazing story. Before playing Last Light you should play this game. Its older game then Last Light but amazing graphics like Last Light. The story is starting at this game and continues at Last Light. Soon new Metro game will come out and before it came you should play 2033 and Last Light.
,Recommended,286690,19588118,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"8.2/10 - Amazing FPS, Full ControllerLove this series. Great FPS, Fluid controls and a ful game. Challanging but doable. Grab the 2 games in a redeux bundle for for cheap.Worth the price but can usually get 75% off.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561197996412505,Recommended,286690,12755296,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cupcake [that Canadian],"I've played the orginal and lastlight and loved them both.. so far they're in my top 5. When Metro 2033 Redux came out  I wasn't sure at first if redux would've be worth my money due to the fact that, 1 its the same game, 2 alot of anger and negative comments on steam and 3 what really has changed in it. I bought it none the less and God am I glad I did, the game is soo much better than the original,  Graphics are alot more detailed n beatiful than before, the stealth system is just like Metro Lastlight, Gun modes and more.9.0/10 in my rateCons: I noticed a few bugs.. but its minor details that barely affects the gameplay .. I might add most times you get a laugh out of it.If you already own the original you will see a huge difference in the redux version!!!"
,Recommended,286690,16745820,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,๖ۣۜSpectral ๖ۣۜKnight,"A perfect combination of a novel and a video-game.Metro 2033 brings an intense atmosphere created by the apocaliptic landscapes and also an unforgettable fantastic storyline.Metro Last Light and 2033 are not just two simple FPS games, they are pieces of art.On the other hand the redux version is really worth it.It brings a lot of new improvements for the first game like sounds,visuals,new movement animations and modified environment adapted to the new engine which looks amazing.Worth it for both new players and the old ones!"
76561198086520937,Recommended,286690,12415653,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lefthandfree,Take a perfect game bar the bugs and imagine it on a next generation engine... thats Redux!
,Recommended,286690,16574837,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Me Me Big Elf,Got this and last light for summer sale. Best $10 I've ever spent.
76561198095745499,Recommended,286690,33166654,Posted: 2 July,all,Lors,"I just played 8 hours straight to beat the game... I didn't realize it had been 8 hours, this game kept me saying just 1 more mission over and over until I beat this amazing game, buy this now if you haven't already."
76561198074464537,Not Recommended,286690,13866349,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ratte1000,"The physics engine was bad a long time ago, now is bad and outdated.Graphics are good, but the game is continuously too difficult or too easy.I'm stuck in a point without gas mask and the game crash to desktop trying to load a previous autosave.Definitely never worth the cost, also if you buy it in special offer."
,Recommended,286690,32040686,Posted: 29 May,all,Grat,"Amazing game.But ♥♥♥♥ librarians, seriously."
76561198103478495,Not Recommended,286690,13420350,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Abo Zooz,"my gun wouldnt show, kept lagging constantly (even though haveing ram higher than 6) dont recommend."
76561198072351473,Recommended,286690,25810228,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,russell2000,One of the best games I've played
,Not Recommended,286690,30781891,Posted: 27 March,all,IvD,"Wish I could leave a neutral review,  Metro 2033 isn't a bad game, but I expected something far superior when I bought it.  I thought it would be an awesome survival post apocalyptic shooter similar to S.T.A.L.K.E.R. with great story and decent scares. I got mediocre and extremely linear FPS with rather bland story and without any really scary moments.ProsStations, while being small and offering little to explore, are looking nice. NPC dialogues, kids running around, shops and infrastructure - it all looks quite nice.Graphics are good. Weapon design, level appearance, character looks are all pleasant.Sequences vs humans offer a nice and fun challenge, approachable with either full stealth, Rambo-style run'n'gun or mix of both.Couple of memorable characters and nice level sequences with themI liked both Bourbon and Khan. Their respective parts of game are the best thing Metro 2033 can offer and are really enjoyable.Some hilarious dialogues and decent voice acting. I played it in Russian and really enjoyed some jokes and references. Don't know about English though.ConsGame is extremely linear with little to explore beside the main route in levels. Both exteriors and interiors looked great, I wish there was more to explore in this world, but alas, we have what we have.Linearity undermines scavenging part - most supplies are right there, or just a few meters from the main path. Secrets are painfully obvious - usually it's just a key and safe few steps away from it. If you explore at least a little, you won't have problems with supplies at all. And yes, I played Survival mode.Really weird difficulty settingsStory is quite bad and really unoriginal, most of the characters are boring, underdeveloped and irrational. Death feels trivial here and I generally didn't feel bad for deceased characters. In fact, I didn't feel anything as game mostly failed to establish some strong emotional links with characters.Protagonist is awful, I mean it. Artyom is very boring kind of Chosen One without any memorable traits. I wonder why everybody wants to help this guy so much. Everyone treats you like a child: you pressed a button, pulled a lever and voila - leader ofBrotherhood of SteelSpartans praises you and says you earned a medal. Oh, and your character is silent. It worked nice for Gordon Freeman, not so well for Artyom.Monsters lack variety and are pretty dull. You just blast them with shotgun. Or throw grenades at them AND THEN blast them with a shotgun. That's all.Some games have a great and satisfying gunplay (like FEAR). Metro 2033 doesn't. Except for sniping, shooting here wasn't as enjoyable as I wanted it to be. Kinda sad, as weapons look great.Nazis vs Commies was really weird, probably even stupid.I read a lot that Metro 2033 is scary. But there weren't any really scary moments at all. Bloodsuckers in S.T.A.L.K.E.R. were horrific. Metro 2033 have uninteresting ghosts, nothing at least relatively terrifying  here.Metro 2033 could've been one of the best postapo games ever. It just needed more openness (maybe even open-world design with ability to visit most of the stations and decide in which order to do it), a decent story and some design tweaks. Instead, we got somewhat mediocre and very linear FPS. I don't regret buying it, but I wish it was more to this game. Probably worth getting on sale, if you already finished Fallout  and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, but still got that itch, only Geiger counter's beeping can scratch."
,Not Recommended,286690,19117511,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Black Yoshi,"I like the Steam Controller.  Not that I, myself, have used it yet.  But I do love it because it spawned a mini-game sale in celebration of its release!  I managed to pick up Metro 2033, Metro Last Light and Spec Ops: The Line with it, because I've heard nothing but good things about these games.Sadly, this game may have had some overexaggerated praise.The intro sequence is so confusing, I legitimately thought I had somehow skipped forward into quite far into the story.  But no, of course.  How could I not see it doing the whole ""8 Days Earlier"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when some spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥rapes the protagonist.This game's voice acting is attrocious.  Seriously, it's ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.  For example: ""AG EET"" ""hej, wot wohz zet :o"" ""SIR GAY!  CHKAV YOU SINE MY SIR GAY?""  The Russian children probably have the WORST voice acting, I contracted PTSD off of it.  It doesn't feel like anyone gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the script either.  ""Don't step into the water or you'll get irradiated and♥♥♥♥♥♥""  He didn't even say it in any urgency, he said it casually as if he's watching a friend play Super Mario Bros for the first time saying ""Dont fall into holes or you'll die an'♥♥♥♥♥♥""Sound design's utter wank, too.  Stock sound effects of things like punching and a Revolver firing.AKA:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2zmd53VRdghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdGzw2TnqO8And this game is SO ♥♥♥♥ING LINEAR.  Around 80% of my ""playthrough"" consisted of dark corridors following annoying side-characters to do some♥♥♥♥♥♥ then follow some other guy to do some other♥♥♥♥♥♥  And if you don't keep up, they repeat the same lines.  ""Hey, where are you?""  ""Hey, where are you?""  ""Hey, where are you?""  It was such a painful experience, I shudder to believe how even Call of Duty: Ghosts does better!  And Call of Duty: Ghosts was a boring pile of dogturd!The mutants seem overly bullet spongey too.  It takes 3-4 shots point blank ADVERAGE to kill a walrus-rat with a shotgun and I often found myself starving for ammo very often.  Whether that is the point or not, it does not matter.  It is not fun.  Just because it was ""intended to be"" doesn't give it a get-out-of-jail-free card.  The enounters with human enemies were the ONLY parts where the gunplay felt good because they WEREN'T bullet sponges.The graphics are decent.  I couldn't really care less about the graphics because your environment will mainly consist of dark, tightly-spaced corridors.And what's the story?  I've almost completely forgotten.  I know there was a nuclear war that hit the earth and the populus of Moscow retreated into and inhabited the underground metro systems but I seem to have forgotten why Artyom, the protagonist, goes around the metro killing♥♥♥♥♥♥and following annoying side-characters?  Why are there these supernatural beings roaming around the place giving everyone nightmares?  What are the Mutants mutations of?   They look like giant Walrus-Rats!There were a few bugs dotted here and there too.For example, this is apparently what Artyom looks like; a spooky skeleton:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556462046I gave up at the point where me and my side-character tour guide bloke face was rambling through the tunnels with me and we enter a train carriage.  He then tells me to ""Concentrate"" and then I hear a child say ""Mom, where are you?"".  I saw the silhouette of the child, but he just stood there doing absolutely nothing.  I turn around to my tour guide and it seems he got possessed by the spirit of the child or something, because he was staring through the cobwebs at the back of the carriage for a good 15 minutes.It was at that point I gave up and uninstalled the game.TL;DR: Don't even bother.3/10."
,Not Recommended,286690,13820873,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,space dog,Constant video driver crashes for no apparent reason. Buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,286690,12241653,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Raptor Jesus,"I do love Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light, However I cannot recommend the redux. I have a pretty solid PC (GTX 670 w/ 16GB RAM, and i7-4770) and putting on 2x AA made this game drop easily to 30-20 fps. I have my drivers updated and everything. This game is basically meant for those with High End PCs (Yes, I mean EXTREMELY high end). There is nothing different with the story or anything besides the voice change (Which I believe the original Artyom voice was so much better than this one and Last Light's) and everything that is basically listed in the product details. If you soley want this for Tessilation and just to be ""up to date/next gen"" be my guest, but you're better off saving money and headaches with the original versions of the game."
,Not Recommended,286690,26446170,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Howlux,"I can't understand why people like this game.I prefer games that actually lets me play them. In this game you're probably going to be confused for one half of the game and not in control of your character the other half of the game. An interactive novel with a light FPS mini-game?If you like it, go ahead. I don't enjoy it."
,Recommended,286690,21536408,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[FIDE] Plat,Just yes
,Recommended,286690,23920547,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Duki Nuki,"Metro 2033 Redux is the prequel to Metro Last Light ReduxThe protagonist, Artyom must survive post-apocalyptic russia. He makes friends along the way and find their way through the wasteland. Fighting off watchmen and many other strange creatures.Metro 2033 Redux is a Survival/Horror FPS which delivers good atmosphere and a graphical improvement on the old Metro 2033 back in 2010This is one of the best tactical shooters out there!Difficulty levels are quite niceEasyNormalHardcoreRangerRanger HardcoreEasy difficulty are for players who want to experience the game first-hand and learn the basics of the game.Normal difficulty are for players who are experienced and know what they are doing.Hardcore difficulty tests the player's skill.Ranger difficulty teaches you to be smart as there is no hud and this makes the game more harder.Ranger Hardcore is basically same as Ranger but the enemies are more tougher.Play styles are unique too!SpartanSurvivalSpartan Mode are for fast-paced fps players and resources are in high supply.Survival mode are for players who like a bit of a challenge in this mode resources area scarce and you mustthink twice before wasting any and all resources."
76561198077954509,Recommended,286690,28924681,Posted: 1 January,all,Pipoku,love it
,Recommended,286690,13372835,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,blackhawk_846,"My favorite story driven shooters of all time. Despite being kinda linear FPS's, the Metro games still manage to deliver one of the most atmospheric and immersive experiences you will ever get straight out of Russia. The grotesque and rather terrifying mutants known as The Dark Ones have now invaded your home station, Exhibition. It's up to you to defend the many survivors and factions (who have immensely detailed culture and lore) in the Moscow metro. Equip yourself with obscenely powerful and customizable jury-rigged weaponry held together by duct tape and ball bearings. You're also gonna need some gameplay features such as a gasmask with scarce filters, a manually rechargeble flashlight, and military grade bullets that have the potential of either trading currency or devestating damage to enemies. It's a game of choice really, it's up to you if you have a stealthy or aggressive journey to the philosophical conclusion of whether the mutants are the next step in evolution or if humans can truly have a second chance. Either way, good luck, кролик.(Rating the games as a series instead of seperately because the  c y k a - b l y a t ' s  have taken the originals off the store, and I have only purchased 2033 Redux.)"
76561198122749209,Recommended,286690,13561540,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,evil_toaster2.0,"GET THIS GAME. This is probably the best game I have played, after Uncharted series, and thats just because i have emotional attatment to Uncharted. The story line and atmosphere is AMAZING. $25? Worth it."
,Recommended,286690,16346399,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Corn on the Cob,Had so much fun recharging my flashlight. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,22971817,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KOBOLD,"Incredibly good shooter, with a very nice creepy atmosphere.Plus you get nazis so thats a bonus"
,Recommended,286690,17743242,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,kill_phil,"Rusty, dark dirty and most of all mutant infested tunnels are in front of you if you plan on playing Metro 2033. Add a nuclear poisened overworld known as Moscow to the mix and bam you have a horror survival game that creeps the hell out of you. If you like that stuff then read on, if not nod, turn around and leave :PAs said above, Metro 2033 is set in a apocalyptic moscow which was devastated by a nuclear war a few years back. You play as Artyom. A somewhat silent guy who is set to stop attacks of the Nosalis, mutants that were created by the fallout of the nuclear winter in moscow.In fear of said fallout, the survivors of the war went into the Metro tunnels and build makeshift camps at the bigger stations.I don't want to spoil too much, but the rest of the plot is pretty interesting. Very dark and desperate, but yet very good.The gameplay is very simple. Run, sneak, flee and shoot things. It is totally up to you how you play the game. You can sneak around or shoot your way through. It depends on the difficulty. In survival mode you probably want to sneak since ammo is very rare and the enemies are pretty strong.Speaking off ammo. It isn't only rare to find, it is also currency in the game. You have two types of ammo. Military grade or normal. You can shoot with both. The military grade is stronger, but remember that you shoot your money at your enemies. So it is totally up to you what ammo you use.One very important tool is your gas mask. Which you need half of the game. You find filters which you need to extend the time you can survive in biohazard atmospheres. But don't forget to swich filters or else you might die.The fact that you have no HUD makes the game very immersive. Everything what a HUD would usually show you, you see on some equipment Artyom wears. The HUD you basically have is a crosshair, but it is possible to disable it too.The sneaking system is a basic one but it works pretty good. You have to watch for sound traps and light plays a big role.The enemies are varying. You have the Nosalis in different kinds, Each has its own flaws and strengths. Well more strenghts than weaknesses. You also fight humans. The AI is pretty good i would say. Especially on harder difficulties they aim pretty good ;) The Nosalis are jumping at walls and come through holes and try to flank you.The weapons are, lets say very interesting, Shotguns, revolvers, Assault Rifles. Sounds pretty basic. It isn't. Except the AK, you have freaky weapons. Mostly build by weapon smiths after the war. So you have weapons consisting of old bicycle parts. A Sniper rifle using Gas pressure. You have to charge it first for example. Although the weapons look a bit strange they still work like you would expect it.Each weapon can be upgraded with different optics a laserpointer and a silencer.Next to the weapons you have 3 different grenade types and throwing knives. Especially the knives are pretty strong.Well the graphics. I played both versions. The redux does have better effects and looks better yea. Since it is mostly dark the sometimes wek textures don't play such a big part. The lightning is pretty good i would say. Well just look at screenshots i guess ;)So overall i recommend the game. It is a bit short maybe. Has replayability, but not that much. In the end it is still worth it a few bucks. It creeps you at some point and the story and plot is very interesting. No bugs i encountered so you can enjoy it fully.One last thing. Never let the librarians escape your eyes :)"
76561198119869447,Recommended,286690,13991878,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,rravenclaw,"Well, I've done it. I've finished Metro 2033: Redux. All I can say is the experience was a great, if not slightly bumpy one. I'll start with what this game does right.Wonderful, immersive atomosphere. While the game can be classified as 'horror', it's different than any horror game I've played. Sure there are a few jump scares. But the oppressive world is far more terrifying than the lumbering librarian or any of the other mutants. Being on the surface while the time on your filter ticks away, literally counting down until you eventually choke on the noxious air, or seeing that your in a tunnel surrounded by mutant spiders that are only sensitive to light - then realizing that your battery is almost dead, or knowing that a pack of ravenous wolf like creatures are about to swarm and you're low on ammo, is a far more engaging and terrifying experience. You have to learn to conserve here, especially on the higher difficulties.Great story, with lots of moral ambiguity and some still unresolved questions that will tie into the sequel, Metro: Last Light. I normally don't play FPS games, but this has one of the best story arcs (that directly continues in the sequel), that I've played.Stealth system is great. I know that it was drastically changed in the redux version of this game to be more like Last Light, and while I haven't played the original non-redux version of 2033, I think the majority will think the change was necessary. A lot of changes have been made in the redux version, from graphic improvements to optimization and stealth changes.Personally, I like the weapon system. There aren't a huge number of guns but you can fit one to your play style.Definitely has high replayabilty, so don't be too mad if you finish the game in 13 hours or less like I did. You can choose between stealthy approaches (necessary on higher difficulties) and the all-out gunning everyone down approach. Or you can choose not to kill anyone at all during the whole game. Your choices (in and out of combat) affect which of the two endings you receive. My first playthrough I played on normal, but I am looking forward to try the higher difficulties next time around. They offer a greater challenge with scarcer resources.Now, time to be a negative nancy.Littered with bugs. I've had framerate issues, some CTDs, and an instance in the Depot level (known infamously as the sky bug) which rendered that level unplayable and had to download someone else's save file to progress. That meant loosing all my gear and receiving someone else's. I may have had worse issues if I had not fixed a CTD problem in Last Light. I'd recommend deleting the intro video ogv files and replacing them file a blank text file (legal.ogv). I also disabled advanced physx and forced my cpu to run physx instead of my nvidia gpu. Most of the bugs you encounter will have a solution on the web, just it may be an aggravating and time consuming journey to fix them. Make sure you're computer can handle the game before you buy.Some poor level design. The Trolley Combat level being the worst. Controls feel very sticky and that's a bad thing in a rail shooter section where you can die extremely quickly. It must've taken me 7 tries to get through it.Very linear. Besides the choices that add to replayablity that I mentioned previously, the levels themselves often feel like being pushed down a corridor with little to no exploration. Opening a box in an adjacent room does not count as detailed exploration. Personally, I think the game really would have benefitted from larger maps, not even necessarily a whole open world. Also, some crafting would have been nice.Characters aren't that meaningful, at least in my opinion besides Khan maybe and Artyom. I think this is probably because I didn't read the Metro 2033 book that inspired the game series.Why does Artyom only speak in the loading screens and not the rest of the game??? It's kind of awkward.Overall, despite the game's flaws (the bugs being the worst), it's a unique experience that I highly recommend. This Redux version has made significant improvements to the original and when played back to back with the sequel, the game offers a cohesive narrative with satisfying combat and stealth. Prepare for some frustrations, but also prepare for a lot of fun in the Metro."
,Recommended,286690,27578000,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Waourby,"I really recomend this game, i bought it and immediatly started playing it, i played it for 366 minutes straight, in other words  i finished the game in one sit just cuz i couldn't get myself to turn it off. Good story pulls you in and good game mechanics."
,Recommended,286690,14092652,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,elozole,"If you havent played the series, just buy it.Seriously if you dig 1st person immersive story shooting... you will love this game. I have only played redux currently i am facing the  librarians.... Terrifying gratifying ..... just great.I cant wait to play last light."
76561198016733996,Recommended,286690,26453739,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ToMeK,"This is a really good game and challenging, the story's sweet and it keeps you thinking. Well worth the $5 when it's on sale, which it is often. Looking forward to Last Light when I get around to it."
,Recommended,286690,13372101,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hunter [Tro77],"Great game!Well worth playing and I absolutely love the new additions that 4A have made, as well as the far smoother gameplay. After I've played the Metro 2033: Last Light Redux, I think I might replay this again, if for no other reason than to explore and find all the goodies that 4A has hidden in here! :D10/10"
,Recommended,286690,16700882,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Lionel Mandrake,"When i read about games being atmospheric from now on i will always think of this game. It just feels alive. ♥♥♥♥ Nosalis, ♥♥♥♥ Airfilters. Great Game."
,Recommended,286690,13558324,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ashmore [目隠しダ],"So what does that Redux has to offer? Let's make it quick:- Better graphics.- Runs way better than the original.- Plays better due to the second point.- Better facial animation than in the first game.- Still has a good♥♥♥♥♥atmosphere and soundtrack.- Include mechanic stuff from Last Light, stealth is a little better than before.- Ranger mode with no HUD available.Still pretty straight forward, if you don't like to just follow corridors then it will dissapoint you and of course if you didn't like the original, there's no reason to get it. Finally, if you have the original and liked it, it can be great to play that Redux just for the fact that it runs WAAAAAAY better, but of course not at full price.It's basically Metro 2033 on steroids."
,Recommended,286690,27356226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ohnowhynot,"lights off, game on."
,Recommended,286690,27350833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Enri,"If you missed this game, you're probably going to regret it."
76561198053458166,Recommended,286690,29368882,Posted: 19 January,all,jawibier,The graphics are above what I expected.
,Recommended,286690,29369280,Posted: 19 January,all,lolMarko,Great game! Loved everysecond of it. Great atmosphere solid gameplay and characters. Play on Ranger Mode and become fully immersed in the world of Metro 2033!
,Recommended,286690,15231280,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Henry,"I'll start off with how stunning the game looks. It truly delivers a great atmospheric environment with splendid-looking detail. I really enjoyed the feeling of being in an apocalyptic story with very a scarce ammo count. It really makes you think about which is the best strategy to use in different situations. Wheather to fire away precious ammo or take the stealth approach to eliminate your enemies. The experience was truly immersive. With all that said, you will require a very high-end PC to run this game to it's potential. Unfortunately, the game is plagued with stuttering, especially for SLI or CrossFire users. I recommend that the game should be played with a single graphic card. The game would also crash at random. It seems that the original Metro 2033 runs much smoother in terms of performance but is nothing when compared to overall design and detail of the Redux version. Despite all that, I still recommend this game. A game for folks who enjoy shooters in a very apocalyptic world."
76561198059286730,Recommended,286690,16570711,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tame,The rework of this game has made the game for me
76561197989223499,Recommended,286690,16029687,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Corinth134,"Metro 2033 Redux takes the original game and upgrades the graphics and engine. Its less buggy that the original game but the stealth mechanics are not as good as the original, they are much easier."
76561198086905716,Recommended,286690,15728932,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ya Boi,"Great Game, The atmosphere of the Metro is like no other..."
76561198164816398,Recommended,286690,16688186,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,meejy,"Simply Mindblowing , the Story is amazing.See it for yourself."
,Recommended,286690,22798150,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Borba,"TL:DR at the end, scored 9 / 10 as of 4th May 2016Full Livestream PlaythroughhereBorba RecommendsBorba likes:Genre- Metro 2033 Redux is a post-apocalyptic single player first person shooter, and also remastered edition of the original Metro 2033, with improvements in just about everything. It’s based on a novel and focused on the single player experience.Replayability- Even though there is only the campaign mode, there are two endings that are based on how much knowledge is earned through gameplay, achievements, 2 gameplay modes and 4 difficulty modes, so the experience can be tailored for casual or hardcore gamers. The campaign itself lasts for about 9 hours, which makes it seem like the game has a poor value even with 2 endings, however due to the quality of its campaign and the way that the difficulty and gameplay modes change the experience, Borba is pretty sure he’ll eventually throw in another playthrough or two.Narrative- As previously mentioned, the game’s narrative is based on a novel and puts players in the shoes of Artyom, the novel’s protagonist. The whole adventure is pretty linear, but riddled with much depth in terms of lore, conversations between NPCs and personal growth of the main character during his journey through the metro. There is a moral system, in which the players earn points by fully exploring the levels, acting altruistically and listening to conversations, and upon achieving a certain threshold, a different ending is unlocked, the Enlightened ending.Gameplay- Being a first person shooter, Metro 2033 provides about a dozen weapons, from each with an unique feeling to it and some may even be customized through upgrades. Players may carry 3 weapons, and are also able to loot them from the dead or trade the with merchants. There are also throwables such as knives and explosives, adding more depth to combat. Overall Borba had fun with all the shooting that was done, noting that it could be either very tactical or fast paced, depending on the situation.Interface- This game has a limited HUD that keeps player immersed in the game, consisting of visual and audio cues for health and oxygen levels, a wristwatch for air filter duration and visibility level, a notepad for the current objectives and the ammunition displays with both icon and numbers on screen upon reloading.Graphics- Impressive detail is present on most graphical aspects, from texturing to lighting and physics, providing a very immersive and consistent experience throughout the whole game. Little details such as flies showing up on screen near corpses, being able to destroy light sources and wipe off blood from the gas mask visor further enhance this great looking title.Music- Eerie ambient tunes fill the desolate tunnels of the metro, often adapting to the excitement of combat, or simply building up tension for an upcoming event.Sound- The sound effects meld with the graphics in order to provide an incredible atmosphere, which is the big selling point of this title. Some of the voice acting may seem a bit iffy, but one may argue it adds a certain humorous charm to the game.Design- Originally, the project was intended to provide an open-world experience, providing a non-linear campaign with plenty side-missions and minigames. Instead, a nearly flawless linear campaign was developed, with an incredible detail and depth in terms of narrative and level design.Borba dislikes:Polish- Despite being a heavily improved version of the first game, there are still bugs with the artificial intelligence, game crashes, reported performance issues by other users and some issues with the stealth system, in which you may get instantly spotted if you just get a bit too close to a light source, there could at least be a short delay with a warning.Borba feels likeplayers that choose to involve themselves and explore everything this game has to offer are in for a treat. Even those who just wish to go through the game once without paying much attention to detail will find good value in this definitive edition, which is a must have for anyone interested in a good story, or a solid single-player fps. Consider getting the bundle for better value!9 / 10"
,Recommended,286690,18551806,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CASΞ 7™,"""Fans of the original game will find the unique world of Metro transformed with incredible lighting, physics and dynamic weather effects."""
,Recommended,286690,18682936,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mr_Muerto,"We have seen so many games getting an HD remake, if you can call it that. That is nice to see a developer put so much work into a real remake. An already great game, has just became even better. Not only the way the game look has improve, but the way it plays. The Ai is better, the spartan mode is great addition. A game that if you didn't play before, there is no excuse any more."
,Recommended,286690,17193842,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,konbleck,"This game, combined with Metro: Last Light Redux are a masterpiece of the genre. The history of both games have much more than meets the eye... You will have more creatures to haunt you and chase you everytime, you will have more opportunities to choose what to do, you will have ""tuned"" weapons, you will have more russian accent, jiggle physics, ...Good graphics, good history, good and challenging gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,286690,18646976,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Blacksept69,"Worth Every Penny, if you like survival horror and russian accents then look no futher! The Metro Redux has top of the line graphics that show you this creepy♥♥♥♥♥world in a whole new light. Kill or be killed through this epic storyline and kick♥♥♥♥♥every inch of the way.Graphics 10/10Horror 8/10Gameplay 9/10 (Minor annoinces can pop up in the middle of combat)Story 9/10 (Very strong writing that's close to the book it's based off of but with farless dialog from the main character)Action 10/1046/50 Very good game that'd i'd recommend to all my friends.Remember! Bring a Gasmask."
,Recommended,286690,18688140,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RedShift,"Guns, Russians, Nazis, Monsters, Ghosts. Why wouldnt you want to play Metro.One of my Favorite games, I've bought it twice."
76561198067108797,Recommended,286690,18625700,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Louthy,"♥♥♥♥ing best game ever nutty Russians, crazy monsters, shooting at nazis. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,286690,28553435,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mudderwhetaf,"I remember reading the Dmitri Glukhovsky book before playing the game, and I was impressed by it.Then I played this game, and I was super impressed.Metro 2033 Redux is a great game. I never played the original one, but I had read the book. So when this came out along with the Last Light Redux, I jumped at the chance to play this game. I have never felt more immersed in a video game's atmosphere than this, not even Fallout, and that game was depressing as hell sometimes.It's also quite a good adaptation of the book. Of course, most of the storylines from the book are cut out, but it's an adaptation, there has got to be some changes. And also, I doubt with the technology back then they could stuff all the storylines into the game.8/10 would play again"
,Recommended,286690,14834689,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RED SCOUT,I have never felt so russian in my life
76561198077025018,Recommended,286690,13420631,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"Everytime I play this game I feel my soul getting heavier.This game is so beautiful and so tragic..You would be doing yourself a favor experiencing a life changing game like this.Metro 2033, as well as Last Light, are based off of novels. That being said you don't need to read them to get into the game, but it doesn't hurt to be further educated on the subject matter.The game is a survival horror in every true sense of the word. You live underground in Moscow, where the city has been destroyed by nuclear warfare and the surface can only be bared with the proper equipment. Mutants roam the lands and Metro tunnels 24/7 and you must stay alert if you want to survive. However the mutants aren't the only threat in this game. There are more than one civilization of humans; factions, if you will. You will have encounters with them as well.Every. Bullet. Counts.You will scavenge high and low for every bullet, every health pack, every grenade...Each one found is a little hope instilled in your soul.Not only are bullets for use in the obvious way; shooting. They are also your currency - making you decide - Do I save it to shoot or do I use it to buy supplies?Every decision is crucial.Redux is the definitive version, adding two distinct playstyles: Survival & Spartan.Survival is the way it is meant to be played - low ammo, high damage and smarter AI.Spartan is more in the spirit of Last Light, giving you more ammo and supply pickups.Ranger Hardcore mode erases all HUD, hints and interaction buttons from the game.I highly, highly recommend playing the campaign on Survival: Ranger Hardcore.12/10"
,Recommended,286690,14094440,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gazoya,"Great visuals, atmosphere, and psychological aspects of the game. The only thing I didn't like was that the game crashed a lot."
,Recommended,286690,11904955,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,TerraH,"HIGHLY RECCOMEND!Even if you have played metro 2033 in the past, the redux version is very much upgrading to!8.5/10"
76561198030386241,Recommended,286690,14601161,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Darth Tennebrous,"Very immersive game. Intense action parts are interlaced with a tense atmosphere. Nice story with just enough lore to keep things clean. You take the role of Artyom, a soviet on a mission to save his settlement. For that, he must adventure into the depths of the Metro, home to the survivors of the nuclear apocalypse and horrible creatures. The game does a very nice job in depicting this atmosphere, almost too well at time :D. If you like FPS with story, this is your game. Recommended."
,Recommended,286690,14849953,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,all might,"I've played the metros before the redux this was a great new sizzle to the metro series although the old metro didnt crash as much. (previously a NVIDIA user) I'm now an AMD userI'm a fan of shooting games and action. and of course I love stealth too. This game balances it all perfectlyalthough sometimes the A.I. is just plain hilarious sometimes where you're literally next to a guy and he wont notice youfor the monster well just lead them to a corner load up your shotgun then bam they're dead (does not apply to demons, librarians, etc) All in all I was in it for the story my computer could run it flawlessly except for tessalation(Normal) and SSAA I didnt like SSAA since it made it look all fuzzy (0.5x)The game is pretty moody in my opinion in both gameplay and well stability.I had a bunch of fixes to fix the repeated crashing and then finally found that letting the intro play was the fix for it I dont know why but it doesnt crash anymore. But then again the moodiness of its stability comes in and it's like nop ur not playing this I dont wan to play im goin to crash now k bye *crashes*all in all good. Needs a bit of stability but good."
76561197971601791,Recommended,286690,14926161,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BinaryLoki,"Good game, worth 10 € I spent on it - 9/10"
,Recommended,286690,12700296,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Magpie,One of the most immersive games i have ever played. Emotional and thought provoking masterpiece. 9/10.
,Recommended,286690,22933833,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ｂｉｇ Ｇａｖ (Gone till December),This game is damn good
,Recommended,286690,26066773,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mercalon,"If you're intersted in survival and story, this is a game for you. I bought it on sale, I'd say, It was worth that money. Epic and atmospheric game. I was soo into this game.Pros (+):- A truely atmospheric game- Good graphics (It's redesigned)- Well made game for survival typesCons (-):- Short story (I expected both games to be quite much longer)Comments - bought it while it was on sale and for story game It's pretty fair price. (-50% it was)"
,Recommended,286690,12935501,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SmartAlec,"Ok, wow This game is the best. And everyone else should think so. Yeah there are some bugs in the graphics but who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gameplay is so emersive it feels like your there. I would love to have this game to play on an o-rift. Love the story as well. A must. Plus its russian...enough said."
76561198176297517,Recommended,286690,28887294,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,§erpentine ✠ | Back in 2wks,"Today I finished the entire storyline and oh my god was this game so so so worth it. The graphics are beautiful, even on a mid-range older gaming laptop I still got upwards of 55 fps steady. The storyline is incredible and has the capability to make you feel a real connection to the NPC's that you venture through the tunnels with. The weapons and mechanics are amazing; even on ""normal"" difficulty ammo is still precious and treated as such, gas masks are vital and rare to come by (I think in the entire storyline I only came across ~10) and most creatures, even the weak ones can kill in 2 or 3 hits. The voice acting and cutscenes are just spot on but overall what made me desire Metro for so long and finally purchace it with money that took me quite a while to scrape together; was the eyecandy value. Graphically, (in my opinion) Metro trumps just about every other game in its category and just goes above and beyond in so many aspects. Even how the monsters and demons are rendered is breathtaking. Each time they appear; its genuinely terrifying because the atmosphere the game projects is just that good. This game immaculately cuts the fine line between easy to pick up game, and gritty realism.The only dislike I have is that on some earlier parts of the map, its possible to break the barriers and clip outside the render range. Other than that, 0 complaints. Buy this, its worth every penny and more."
76561198073771982,Recommended,286690,30449923,Posted: 11 March,all,JumpyDoughBoy,Great Story
76561198053119904,Recommended,286690,12663336,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Necrmyx,"Suspenseful and challenging the whole way through, most fun i've had in a long time."
,Recommended,286690,24398446,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bubba,"One thing I love, is shooting games. FPS in particular. I like shooters even if it isn't very plot heavy. I just love to shoot things. However, this FPS action-adventure-survival taught me how to truly love and respect those people who can make shooters that, despite their many counterparts, can bring something new to the party. As of the date of this review, those people who brought this thing to the party of gaming, have officialy earned themeselves the title of making what is now my favorite game.Developer and Developer History:You can read who the developer and publisher was on the steam page. So I will not bore you with something that can easily be looked up. However, it needs to be known that this game was originally adapted from a book series also called Metro by Dmitri Glukovsky. Not only that, but he actually took part in the development of the Metro game series which is cool because the man. the maker, the magnificent, has given the game version his stamp of approval unlike some other games and their authors (I'm looking at you, Witcher). Also, during development, 4A has never made any other games and this game was not incredibly known at the time of its release and did not receive much hype at the time. SO for a studio's first game to be a big hit and spark a huge cult following, is pretty impressive.Plot:One thing that I sometimes hate about games, is their attempt to add too much depth to the plot to where it becomes too confusing (eg. finding out you were fighting for the bad guys, deux ex machina moments with rediculous explanations, etc). However, this game kept it simple. You are fighting for the good guys, and trying to defeat the bad and restore order and peace despite your calm life before your involvment with the different Metros. Also, I love how explicit important parts of the story were made. In many games, any piece of information is usually implicitly stated and ""represents"" something. That is not a bad thing, but making details so ambiguous can cause hard-headed and naive people like me to have important details slip over their heads. So when this game reiterates an important piece of information via mission intro or diary entry in an obvious manner, it refreshes me on what has happened and what our goal is without confusing me. (As a side note, I personally love the addition of supernatural entities to add horror and supernatural elements to the mix as I have an interest in the Paranormal).Characters:The variety of characters in this game, whew. You do not just fight mutants. You fight humans, your inner demons, ghosts. You do not just get along with humans, you get along with mutants and any mutant or person can become your worst enemy or your best friend in the blink of an eye. SO do, not, fully, trust, ANYONE. Eat or be eaten, kill or be killed.Playability:I will admit, this was one of the downsides of the game. You cannot change computer volume in game so you have to use the volume slider built in the game. Also, if you're like me and change your controls often, you might want to leave defaults because certain combinations can make some aspects of the game unplayable (eg. Reloading BB gun air wont work without defaults). However, these aspects of the game can easily get used to within the first hour of playing.Difficulty:One think I love about this game is it can satisfy those who love horror and survival games and who scavenge often, while also allowing the option to satisfy those who like to go all out Call of Duty style. These options are given in the Spartan and Survival options provided at the beginning of the game to make ammo more plentiful, equipment more abundant, etc. Also, after selecting your play style, you are then given the option to choose your difficulty which I see to be pretty balanced.Mechanics:For the time that the game was made, these mechanics were not seen often amongst shooters. The gas masks, the guns, the movement, the agility, the endurance, the health systen, the guns' mechanisms, and how they performed were very new for its time and very unique which made me enjoy it even more when I shot somebody...or something. But you are also allowed to spare people's and mutants' lives from time to time aswell so there is that. However, one aspect I didn't like too much was the moral points system. Now I'm not saying that since on both games I was apparently a huge enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to not be given the opportunity to pick any good ending but because I do not think your actions early on in the game should justify what actions you take in the ending of both games because to me, what ending I choose or want at the end of the game, does not and, imo, should not coincide with my actions earlier in the game.Graphics:To put it simply, the graphics were quite stunning for being made in 2010 when compared to other games like Left 4 Dead 2 and CS GO and other FPS shooters. However, choosing your graphics settings are quite difficult to get used to in Metro because I have a Nvidia GTX 980 with a 144hz G-Sync monitor and I had to have SS off and graphics on medium for it to even run at 60fps. I don't know about you but I never had to do that with any other game.Immersiveness:This is, without a doubt, the most immersive first person shooter I have ever played. I usually play campaigns in intervals. After about 30 minutes I get bored and have to take a break. However, I found myself playing Metro for 3 hours and not even 1/4 way through the campaign. This is by far the most immersive FPS i have played and I never felt more significant than I have in this game and never have I hated or loved a bunch of people made of binary code or notepad more than I have in this game.Entertainment:Immersiveness is differnet to entertainment. Immersivness deeply involves and appeals to one's senses. Entertainment refers to how amusing something is when observed. This game, at first can be hard to get into as you are not quite sure what you are supposed to be doing in this game. However, the longer you play, the more the pieces to the puzzle start to come together and the more entertaining it becomes. So, this game is as entertaining as can be to me. Not in the sense of stimulating, but in the sense of appealing to your emotions and by the game almost asking you ""how would you deal with this situation, how would you react?, how much do you want to live?"" I found the atmosphere, the missions, the people you fight with and alongside, and just the moments looking back on what happened to your homeland more entertaining sometimes than the actual shooting of mutants and people. I found this game more entertaining in a movie sense more than a game sense as I loved just looking around and thinking about all that has happened to my character and what made me want to fight for the people of the Metro, and why this, in the matter of two days playing this game, made it my favorite game as of today!"
76561198079030274,Recommended,286690,17696561,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Vault Boy,Stutter 2033 Re-Stutter
,Recommended,286690,17352088,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Syntox91,Great game. The beginning is boring imo. but from middle to the end the tension clearly builds up.8/10
,Recommended,286690,30888079,Posted: 1 April,all,MAVEN,"2nd time playing Metro 2033 but Redux.The only game that can match the ambience, scenery and gameplay quality is STALKER series.This is a must play for those who love a quality game with a good story and ambience. Redux is worth the upgrade, makes the older Metro 2033 look much up to date."
,Recommended,286690,30887813,Posted: 1 April,all,noot.noot CS.MONEY,Great game you should purchase the bundle
76561197991599947,Recommended,286690,24757477,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,yedow,"Picked this game during a sale without expecting much of it, and what a surprise !I think that the most important aspect of this game is the atmosphere. You're embarking for a journey through dark, oppressing metro tunels where the hideous creatures aren't your only enemies. You'd think that going back to the open spaces on the surface would be safer or less scarier, but you're wrong.What to expect from this game :- Very linear story (although it doesn't make the game any worse in my opinion)- Ability to play it ""brutal"" or ""sneaky""- Playtime is a bit short (my first walkthrough took me about 10 or 11 hours, but I got the 39 hours by finishing it 2 more times to get all the achievements, that's how good I think it is)"
,Recommended,286690,21910216,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,BigtimeCat,"after playing 16 hours, i luv thiz game! Great storyline and good graphics, it runs on linux like a champ, give it a shot, you won't be disapointed (maybe in my english), but the game isn't much different then the book, a solid 10/10"
76561198166129508,Recommended,286690,18831575,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pepsi_Maks,"Great Game, takes a little while to warm up to... but once it gets going its hard to stop playing :). Story alone is worth the playthrough"
76561197971857058,Recommended,286690,18764062,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Andwyn,"One of the better first person shooters I have seen; the storyline alone makes this really worth the money, but its so much more! I would recommend this game!"
76561197982880552,Recommended,286690,18900578,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,drjoms,"One of best looking games on Linux(don't get me wrong, openGL version of the game will tear a new one on Windows or Mac PC too.). It really is good looking, linear as sh**, but the story line based on a good book(read book too),  it doesn't deviate much from the book, so, story is very good! VERY GOOD! You will believe in atmosphere of the game. You will be main protagonist!"
76561198088305614,Recommended,286690,19082936,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Spurcissimus Senex,"Everything has already been said about this game. The story is great (especially the way it is presented), the world is incredible, and the combat can get intense (very intense at higher difficulties). The world is not as horrific and scary as it may seem, but it deffinitely sends shivers down the spine from time to time. The library... Jesus...10/10 (but keep in mind I can overlook some issues if the story captivates me :P )"
,Recommended,286690,14749991,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Glitchvid,"Metro 2033 was one of my favorite games, the world is absolutely dripping with atmosphere, combined with a compelling story laying the groundwork for a great game. It throws on fantastic graphics, great gunplay, and a story that makes you invested.Metro 2033 Redux takes all that was good in the original, and fixes the place up, the surface has been greatly remastered making the snow covered surface beautiful; any small idiosyncrasies the original gameplay had are now fixed, and overall it’s probably one of the most polished games I’ve ever played.If you haven’t played the original, I would recommend playing it first, if only to just appreciate the improvements, but also to experience the story again"
76561198009349640,Recommended,286690,13655990,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ACE1812,"Overall I liked this game. I had never played the original Metro 2033 so Redux was a new experiance for me. I like the immersive feel of this game but the ending was kind of anti-climactic. I thought it was going to be an all mutant kill fest...but alas, it was not to be. The other thing I didn't like was the ineffectiveness of the weapons against the mutants. You will run out of ammo quick trying to kill the most basic of enemies. I actually enjoyed fighting the human enemies more in this game. My other complaint would be the lack of hints or clues or some sort of instruction as what to do or where to go next. Some replays will be necessary to get to the next goal as you may die the first 5 times you attempt to do so.However if you like the feel of a Resident Evil survival type game mixed with a STALKER type atmosphere, you should give this game a try."
76561198018683707,Recommended,286690,13480437,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Madda06,"A fantastic remake to a great and memorable game. The Redux replaces the old clunky 2033 4A engine with that of the Last Light engine adding more mechanics and also improving the performance and the graphics of the game.The Redux adds a lot of content to the old 2033 like more secrets, longer levels, less level transitions, and a lot of new enemy encounters. It is worth buying to replay.9 Cabbiage Mehduls out of 10"
,Recommended,286690,13538510,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sardonic,"+New HD textures+Improved level design in some areas+New Music+Melee takedowns from last lightA better version of an already great game.  Worth it, especially on deal."
,Recommended,286690,13516081,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,St. IGNUcius,Asthma Simulator 201311/10 would suffocate again!
,Recommended,286690,13682175,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vinylicpuma3,Phenomenal. Nuff' Said.
76561198037239944,Recommended,286690,11901597,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Ǿxĭď,"I have long been looking forward to this re-release, and finally, waited launched, and was very surprised game prevzloshla all my expectations. It's the same old story about the kind of Artem has conquered many.Game sweetie, I do not like it, thank the Ukrainian studio 4A Games.They are usually all done well)"
,Recommended,286690,19409774,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,cjmarinebrat,"I bought the Metro Redux Bundle and I am not dissapointed. I just finished 2033 and I will now do last light... tomorrow. If you enjoy linear story lines with a fair amount of weapon customization, you'll enjoy this game. I didn't pay much for it with the sale and for 8 hours of fun, I can't complain. I'm sure this remastered version is what makes the game playable and enjoyable."
,Recommended,286690,19417716,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Shirt,"Fantastic video game, BUY THIS VIDEO GAME (Buy the bundle of both the fantastic video games)"
76561198068324290,Recommended,286690,11905338,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Moose,"Overall: 9/10, Don't bother if you already have Metro:2033, unless you NEED graphic updates. If you havent expirenced the series yet DO. NOW. GET TO IT.So before I begin, I want to say that this series is my favorite, and for many reason ( which you get to hear ), so I may be a bit biased. Also, almost everything I say here can also be atributed to the original. So, as previously stated, I love this series, and when I heard about the redux, I was scared, as I didn't want it to be shamed by what is basically a next gen console port by things like new voice actors, or possibly streamlining for ""wider appearl"". I also feared that Ranger Mode would be cut off and sold seperately, as w/ the original Last Light. Thankfully, since THQ desolved into the ether, neither of those things are there. Instead, we have good 'ol Metro:2033 but with better graphics, and other devolpers need to realize that this is how you do it.Gameplay: 10/10The original's gameplay (i.e. gunplay/stealth) was just fine and it hasnt changed a bit. This may sound like a criticism, but its not. While some games try to innovate and fail and some try to innovate at the behest of everything else, Metro games try to instead set the bar by good atmosphere, world building and of course, good gameplay by using what works and results in a bar that is only raised in my book by Half Life. The guns feel good, and especially in Ranger Mode, the games hardcore playthrough mode that remove almost all hud elements ( you have to count the bullets left in your magazine by looking at it) and increases damage to enemies and the player (it also makes resources more scarce, but we'll talk about that later). If you prefere a stealthy approach, you are in luck. While the levels where stealth is encouraged are extactly Thief 2 big, the are nicely sized and have multiple access points and little secrets to discover. Also, it takes the idea of Thief's Light Gem (a little gem at the bottom of the screen that displays how visible you are) and incorporates it into a watch that you can see when holding your weapon out. Overall, I liked the gameplay, my only annoyance that a lot of guns were REALLY quiet. The Duplet, an icon of the series, (a double barrel shotgun made out of pipes) is no louder that an slightly miffed cat coughing. But worth it and im sure the modding community can fix that issue.Enviroment/World: 10/10The Metro Series has the advantage of being based off of a book, and even more of one by being by a Russian author. (I'm not being biased against all but Russians, but the Russian side of a nuclear apacolyplse is rarely touched otherwise, especially in games.) Books have much better world and story that most games The idea of the Moscow civilians in the underground metro being the sole survivors is just genius to me, and lavely to play in. When you aren't sneaking through the underground section, you are on the surface, sneaking by or just fighting off mosters and enemy factions and that is really quite fun as well. Since most of the game is in dark, claustrophobic enviroments, it is very welcome to walk around the surface. When you are on the surface, you need a gas mask to survive. You also need filters, which you find in the world. These filters have an alloted amount of time before they run out, the more you have, the more time you have. This I find an espicially nice touch, adding to the Survival-horrow aspect. The enviroments however, at least compared to its successor, are quite linear. On the surface, you have wide open spaces, but a rather set path to travel them. In Last Light, you have wide open spaces that were, wide open. This made you want more filters, so you could explore more, and get better weapons/ammo or other gear. A similar problem is underground. While Last Light had more exploration in its tunnels, 2033 has a bit less so, but it isnt really noticeable. Also, in the metro stations that serve as towns, often you are immediatley rushed through, with little time to breath. In Last Light, these are calm areas, with little things on the side to do, be it help a child find his teddy bear, or watch an old man tell children about birds and green trees. However, all these are made up for by the facts that A)The sequel didn't exist yet, so it really should not be compared to it, and B) The setting is so unique and instantly interesting that it completely makes up for it.Story/Characters:As I said earlier the fact that this is based off of a book gives it an advantage story wise. The entire draw of books are stories, not filling Nazies and Communists with bullets and then stomping off to the surface for a quick irradiated run through the wastes. And it really shines through to the game.Summary:You play Artyom, a child who grew up shortly after the war ended in the Metro station known as Exhibition. When your station is threated by the Dark Ones, irradiated mutations that seem to be superhuman, you begin your odyssy to Polis (another station) to take the message of your missing friend and save your station.Ok, that sounds cheesy, especially with the inclusion of communist and Nazi factions, but it is made up by the character of Artyom himself. In gameplay, he never speaks, but on loading screens, he writes in his diary, and reads it aloud, so you hear his voice, which is nice, since silent protagonists annoy me, and ones who voice opinions i disagree or annoy me with their character (see Booker DeWitt) I dislike even more. Also, if you find paper throughout the level, Artyom writes notes in his journal which shed more light on the situation and also don't do the Mass Effect thing of huge exposion dumps via the Codex.Some thing that annoys me, once again taking cues for Thief (not that its a bad thing, I love the first two of those) is that no matter how much Artyom tries not to care, he still gets embroiled with the factions.I didn't do a X/10 rating for this section because I don't know what to thing of it. The mark of a good story is that you think about it afterwards and on my first runthrough of the original, the story really did stick with me, especially the ending MINOR SPOILERleaving Artyome morally ambiguous and almost regretful, but still glad he did what he didEND MINOR SPOILER. The ending was also good as it rounded out the story with no sequel hook, but still was open enough to have one. However, they're was a lot of little things that dragged it down, especially the beginning. It begins en midias res with you fighting monsters close to the end of the game. Then it jumps back 8 days to when you are in your metro station, meeting w/ the guy who goes missing. Then, finally he goes missing and your journey begins. This made it feel drawn out, and results in lowered expectations. But i guess I liked itNice little touches:You can wipe your gas mask to wipe blood and grime off itYou have a lighter which clears away cobwebsYou have a notepad that displays objectives and it has a compass that points the way if you are lostAll of the above remove the need for a hud (more immersive)Flashlight needs chargingMilitary grade rounds are the currency, so shoot'em or spend'emFeels like an odyssy as the camera almost is never outside the players perspective and the story is continuousGood weapon and character designAnnoyances:When picked up by Demons (really big mutated bats) and then dropped, the animation is buggy (might be fixed later on)Sometimes switches to military grade rounds without saying soDepending on the order which you collect paper, Artyoms notes are sort of out of orderNOT SURVIAL HORROR- NOT SCARYSpartan mode has resources up the wazooAssorted minor bugsOverall: 9/10, Don't bother if you already have Metro:2033, unless you NEED graphic updates. If you havent expirenced the series yet DO. NOW. GET TO IT.Oh also play at night"
76561198216198672,Recommended,286690,19079629,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BloodyBeast,The best game.
,Recommended,286690,19222490,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Johnny_Spitfire,"Metro 2033 Redux is fascinating as both a solid FPS game and a world to explore. Based on a book of the same name (which you will see at least a dozen times in a single playthrough) it feels very well fleshed out in comparison to other post-apocalyptic games that simply seem to copy all the muted colors and dismal lighting without really capturing the atmosphere of a broken sad world void of hope.You play the silent protagonist Artyom. The voice acting, atmosphere, graphics, movement and mechanics of the game are all very well done. Your choices affect which ending you may have and they are very subtle which is nice. Irradiated zones abound so a gas mask is required and it is one of the mechanics in the game that I initially thought was neat but then later on grew to love. Imagine  a bunch of monsters are running towards you and a companion and you need to reload your weapon, while reloading you take damage so you also need to apply a med kit while struggling to avoid blows THEN once you are finally good to shoot the creatures in the face with say a modded out shotgun with laser sights, four barrels and a reload reducing stock the alarm to indicate you need to put a new filter on your gas mask (which by this time the visor is probably covered in blood) sounds and you are wise to switch it out immediately. All of this adds to a sense of chaotic and tense combat which I found way more fun than your typical shooter.The monsters in Metro are probably the biggest letdown followed closely by sound effects for the weapons and the occasional frame rate drops. The monsters are variations of different sized mutants ranging from dog to ape sizes and are largely forgettable and annoying to kill due to high and unpredictable movement speed. the late game offers a bit of monster variation but its too little too late. Sound effects for the guns make them sound very weak which combined with the aforementioned monsters makes combat annoying at times. Lastly a couple spots in the game involving water or lots of particles effects, especially in the late game induces horrendous frame drop issues.The good far outweighs the bad here. If you enjoy FPS's as well as story rich fleshed out worlds do not hesitate to buy (with money not ammo) this game."
,Recommended,286690,19103647,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,pavlodactyl,"First time playing it. Still at the begining of the story, but I'm really liking it so far. It has great graphics, good storyline, good weapons, characters...The locations that you visit troughout the game are wonderfully made, and your supernatural enemies send shivers down your spine. Great game, overall."
,Recommended,286690,19288150,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Harveydog500,"I bought Metro 2033 Redux after purchasing and playing the original.  While I usually detest the idea of re-releases because many are obvious ploys to make additional money on a product that usually has changed very little from the original, I can honestly say that Redux is a huge improvement.  The graphics are beautifully enhanced (less pixelated, more colorful and detailed than before), improving the game's immersive quality. Also, there is now seamless, even-handed progression in quality from Metro 2033 Redux to Metro: Last Light Redux, so that they're more like chapters of the same book rather than first outing and sequel."
,Recommended,286690,19349862,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Donkey,"Pretty interesting story, especially if you like nuclear apocalyptic type stories. Gameplay could have been better. Get it for cheap if you can."
,Recommended,286690,17801584,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Califoxia,"Awesome Single Player, good story and alot of fun."
76561198084099967,Recommended,286690,17854585,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,abso,"Surviving in Russia, and you would not rush BTotally Recommended"
,Recommended,286690,20778170,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Moe Lester,One of the few games where playing with Russians isn't so bad.
76561198067874543,Recommended,286690,21417766,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The noodal,"Great game! The Redux edition is totaly worth the money. Same game, great grapics"
76561198202436154,Recommended,286690,21676634,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Icarus__Fallen,"Awesome Game!!! I played it on the slightly harder mode my first time through and it took me ~15H to beat. I can't wait to start Metro: Last Light (Redux) now!!! 9.4/10!Pros=====-Good story-Atmospheric-Multiple Enemy types where some are not so wise to shoot (keeping it spoiler-free! :])-Ammo conservation for realistic survivalism-You're alway kept busy whether it's shooting mutants, watching your back, reloading your weapon, cycling through grenade types/knives or wiping blood and dirt off your gas mask (very cool in my opinion! I wish more developers would incorporate these effects!)-P + NPC vs E (Mutant/Bandits) Teamplay-Weapon Trading System was not too complex (Although if they incorporated armour that would be even better! :D)Cons=====-You always get the feeling like you're coming back to where you started (Your lifeline is holding ""M"" which will give you a nav point. This game may have taken me ~2H less if I knew that...)-Some parts are not so straight forward (Ex: You're in the tunnels and you need to burn the cobwebs to proceed - I had to YouTube the answer. The game will not always spoonfeed you the answer)-The use of gas mask filters is both a positive and negative - It's cool that you need to replace your filters to mimic realistic filter replacement... However, when you're down to about a minute and the game autosaved then you're frantically running around either trying to find more or beat the level - There was one level that took me over 4 hours because I got lost in a building and had to be on the other side of it. The game had saved and I had to remember about 6-7 turns and drops then wedge myself in a crack in the floor in order to get to the near end of the level. Then I had to fight 12 guys with basically no filter. I barely beat the guys when my filter had run out and I had to make a mad dash to the exit, I could've sworn I had less than 3 seconds before I died :/)"
76561198242380668,Recommended,286690,21876158,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Donowitz,10/10 would crap pants again
76561198272404580,Recommended,286690,20804233,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bdumbra,One of the best games I ever played. Now with redux it's even better. I recommend to play. Great history and ideals.
76561198129479370,Recommended,286690,19001067,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,AVeryEnglishLetsPlay,"Oohhhh what a great game. Had the original on the 360 and although visually its not a big difference they have added parts that weren't in the original and features and weapons from Last Light. Could've done with a slight tutorial though as I had no idea they changed a few controls and how certain things did things. There's a fair few bugs as well, got a different one every time I started the game up. Nearly encountered a game stopping bug and had to restart the chapter. But overall its a jolly marvelous play and you must partake in this joyous experience. Just try not to soil yourself when backing away slowly from a librarian."
,Recommended,286690,19377304,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ФИАСКОMEN,Good Game !
,Recommended,286690,21429825,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Timm,12/10 would play five more times
,Recommended,286690,30715684,Posted: 24 March,all,Wulf Wargan,You'll know true torture when your game quicks saves with your gas mask that can only last under a minute
76561198280140221,Recommended,286690,21501556,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,lozanoigor,"Incredible game, is more than shooting monsters and enemies, is about understanding the motivations and feeling of Artyom, and of every character you will meet. The only negative thing i can say is that here and in last light the communist are your enemies, while in metro 2033 book they actually help you, i can't understand why do they have changed this, anyways is a great game."
,Recommended,286690,30738974,Posted: 25 March,all,Prex,"So my personal review for this game:Pro's:-Sound-AI-Weapons-Story-IdeasCon's:-Animations-Configuration(These are mostly due to it the release date BUT this is the Redux version so I would have hopen it had more configuration such as a FOV slider, more Audio settings etc.)Its just overall a great game! But its lacking configuration.. So I mostly had to edit it in the game files (user.cfg)"
,Recommended,286690,20711905,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Fallout,"One of the best story driven games I have ever played. Great mix of action and stealth, highly recommend playing :)"
,Recommended,286690,21141715,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ser Pierogi,"Honestly this is one of the best games i've played in a good long while, Honestly it is worth the money and the book is worth the read. Game tries to scare you in the tunnels if and when you travel alone so sort of be prepared for that. I love the need for scavenging different rooms, corridors and building considering that sometimes it is easy to run out of bullets quickly. Honestly however really Solid game and would recommend!"
76561198142399808,Recommended,286690,22055000,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Comrade Blyatman,"Shoot Mutants, Nazis, remenants of the red army, and launch a ♥♥♥♥ing nuke to exterminate black people 10/10. Artyom is a ♥♥♥♥ing beast"
,Recommended,286690,22093012,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DArkXi,If you haven't played original metro 2033 and you'd like to try post apocalyptic atmosphere shooter that's narrating a book of Dmitry Glukhovsky  - must buy. If you have played original metro 2033- must buy.I didn't expect Redux to be overhauling so many things and I got excited after founding new levels and story for me to engage in.This game is great.10/10 radioactive bananas.
76561198051194348,Recommended,286690,30735161,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,"Brutal FPS; atmospheric and tense throughout.The whole game feels claustrophobic and dark, the enemies are savage and unrelenting and ammo and parts are scarce. IMO this is what Fallout should be."
,Recommended,286690,30737081,Posted: 25 March,all,» E D S «,"Awesome, this game is really good!"
,Recommended,286690,14976201,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ツ,Awesome storyline and overall great campaign and gameplay. The children NPC voice actor(s) did a horrible job though.
,Recommended,286690,23030625,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mr.AsianBananaMan,"Shooting Russian Nazis, WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT.and there is a pretty good story, but who needs that SH*T"
,Recommended,286690,23031201,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Shiro,Great story. Ammo conservation is real.10/10 would run out of bullets again
,Recommended,286690,23077827,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Wastelander0602,"What an incredible game. Full of great mechanics that provide a fresh take on the saturated FPS market, the story is gripping, thoughtful and exciting, the graphics are amazing, and the campaing's quite long, i'm 9 hours in and I still haven't finished it. Also, if you're in for a challenge, play it on the hardest difficulty."
76561198039476246,Recommended,286690,23040271,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,"Honest to god, this game is actually really a lot of fun. I could play this for hours on end."
76561198181715997,Recommended,286690,16375413,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,chronic hunger,love this game. im 2 hours in and cant stop playing it. good storyline and sspensful moments keep you hooked.
76561198184550254,Recommended,286690,17958490,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,The MOULDER,I love the Metro series.
76561198079653833,Recommended,286690,19650891,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Phoenix 5,"Out of:-Metro 2033-Metro Last Light-Metro 2033 Redux-Metro Last Light ReduxThe best game has got to be Metro 2033 Redux.It simply combines Metro Last Light's amazing graphical and immersive improvements with Metro 2033's superior storyline and levels. One of the best ""linear"" games of all time."
,Recommended,286690,19666555,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Number 16 Bus Shelter,"This game is as close to perfect as games can get. I didn't think that it was possible for a game to be like this in 2013-on, but this game truly feels amazing. Games now are just void of any real compassion or love for their franchises, and this game is truly full of that. Even Fallout 4 failed to deliver in this respect, but this game actually gives me nostalgia for the good old days while looking just as good if not better than most games to date. I feel like 2033 is better than last light in a sense of that last light kind of just feels like it was tacked on to get the most money out of the product, and that's what's killing games today. However, it still gives the feel of caring that 2033 gives. This might just be me feeling in the mood for this sort of game currently but nevertheless I would reccomend you buy this in the bundle as soon as you possibly can."
,Recommended,286690,19459133,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bă Conte...,This is one of the best games I have ever played. Definitely worth every penny.I'm not good at reviews.
,Recommended,286690,18568906,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,BlackRhino,Best train simulator EVER!!! with addition of:+ Rich story+ Lots of aggressive monster+ Always drown in swamps+ Scary unknown sounds all over the place+ Many monster killer tools and customizable too+ Dark tunnel+ Trains...+ More Trains...This game beats Train Simulator from M*crosoft :D
,Recommended,286690,18645248,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,UncleSam,I have found my new favorite accent.10/10 Would be a Russian again.
76561198202363260,Recommended,286690,18407050,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Comrade Pol Pot,"So far this is a fun and challenging game , I like where the story takes place and the overall atompshere. I even did some gameplays of this game it is a series on my channel in fact , however for me this game will have no replay value since I only want to beat this once since it scares the hell out of me."
,Recommended,286690,18855645,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Norman Jayden,"""Some people call them demons . I call'em Bi!ches""-Bourbon"
76561198057972142,Recommended,286690,18548718,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,damzeh,"Metro 2033 (and obviously REDUX) has been on my to play list for a long time. I bought it a few days ago and completed it in about 6 hours. I liked it a lot because it was like STALKER in regards to theme, setting, atmosphere but NOT in gameplay.  Metro 2033 and STALKER are like brothers but the kind where each is different enough.What I liked:+ great atmosphere, great setting+ decent story and mythos, made me want to read the books+ you get to customise your guns nicely+ you are able to customise your entire game (style of play, dififculty, etc)+ music is very nice; STALKER is better but still good+ no tedious boss battles+ gameplay varies; you aren't always doing the same thing or fighting the same enemiesWhat I didn't like:- at a few points in certain maps I got seriously lost and died as a result- very linear, no freedom to go back to previous points even just to explore- the ending was a bit open ended (obviously though the game has a sequel and another book)- weapons didn't feel very unique or powerful and also since you can only customise in a few points in game you're stuck with your loadout- not a lot of replayability; I will play again definitely but only after some time.So again I compare it strongly to STALKER. Maybe that's unfair given that STALKER is more sandbox but still I say if you liked STALKER then Metro 2033 Redux is a logical next step.PS !!! PS !!! PS!!!I had problems with the original Metro 2033. It wouldn't launch at all. So if this happened to you then just take the Redux version; it runs perfectly first time."
76561198136329102,Recommended,286690,18561604,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lomba,"If youre looking at buying the bundle, definately do so. Make sure to have a walkthrough open as you hit the Outpost chapter and such as I spent way too much time on that level because of this game's single flaw: As you progress, Metro is less and less explicit with where you have to go. This can be a problem on timed levels. Otherwise, outstanding job Deep Silver"
76561198077164582,Recommended,286690,19107311,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Caramel Bear,"""My name is Bourbon"" - 10/10"
76561198149043084,Recommended,286690,19133116,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,✯✔Adrian✔✯,Wery wery good game .
76561198027408109,Recommended,286690,19138141,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DipperZ nbd,Finally learned what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ meant.
,Recommended,286690,19139620,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ploq tacku,"Metro 2033, one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure to play. I got it on sale, both 2033 and Last Light for $7.49, and I do not regret it in any way. For $15 (normally), you definitely get your money's worth. Great graphics, an immersive storyline, great voice acting and one of the best damn post-apocalyptic singleplayer campaign I've ever experienced. This one is a diamond in the rough, I look forward to playing Last Light."
76561198129875715,Recommended,286690,19139991,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,1shot2thehead,"Decent game even though all of the chapters are short and all you do is drink vodka, talk to people with thick Russian accents and kill mutants that live in the subway tunnels. So it's pretty much what Russia is like right now. If you want to know what it is like living in Russia before you move there, buy this game and play it all the way through."
,Recommended,286690,19214969,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,lem0nwings,"I recently finished my second playthrough, something I rarely do in linear games like Metro 2033. That just goes to show how immersive this game is. On my first playthrough I (somewhat regrettably) chose Survival mode and was left dumbfounded on how this game works. I didn't even know you needed to charge your flashlight until Chapter 3. Playing for the first time with little to no HUDs is hard, frustrating at the beginning, but feels totally immersive and worth it. I had to conserva ammo and medical kits like they were gold. Hell, even after doing that I was left with one shotgun bullet trying to fend off giant amoebas in D6, clinging on to Miller because I thought I wouldn't need that flamethrower.This experience made it real easy for me while playing in Spartan Hard mode. I nearly found all the hidden locations, almost always have abundant ammo until I can't loot anymore, and successfully pulled off the true ending (after failing in the first one). Mechanics wise, Metro 2033 Redux is very solid. The story felt a bit short but maybe that's just me. I can't really say much about it because it does feel like it's only half of the tale and the sequel will answer all the questions I had for this one.9/10"
76561197988577927,Recommended,286690,19568361,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Snickz,"I just finished the game.That is what I can say:- Good grafics and deep atmosphere- The sound is also good what supports the atmosphere- Intresting storyline. But its a fix story. So u cant influence it at all. For me, it was a nice alternative to the rest of the nowaday games. Its a bit more relaxing and u are sure that u dont miss anything.- compact gameplay. Like there are not to many controlls u have to learn.- enjoyable difficulties. We have something for the hobby player but also for the hardliners. I personally like it a bit more difficult and I got what i wanted.- its not horror horror. If u expect a game where u have to close your eyes ever few steps u are wrong with this one!!- The story at all is a bit short. I think it has like 12 playing hours. But im not sure at this!So i recommend this game and for 20 bucks its totally worth itAlso ich habe das Game gerade durch.Ich kann sagen:- Stimmige Grafik und transportierte Atmospähre.- Gute Story. Diese ist geführt. Also keine multiple choice oder Einflussnahme auf die Story. Fand ich persönlich mal wieder ganz angenehem.- Gutes gameplay. Kompakte Steuerung. Nicht zu viele Knöpfe.- Gute Schwierigkeitsgrade. Also von Hobbyspieler und Hardliner ist hier alles mit dabei. Finde ich persönlich auch sehr gut. Ich mag es eher schwer. Und bin hier auch auf meine Kosten gekommen.- Toller Sound auch. Passt zur Atmospähre- Keine Horror Horror. Also wem sich die Fußnägel hochstellen sollen, der ist hier falsch.- Die Story ist etwas kurz. Also kein Endless game ala Skyrim o.äMeine Empfehlung für jeden der abends entspannen möchte und durch eine neue dichte Geschichte geführt werden will. 20€ sind absolut angemessen."
76561198121014385,Recommended,286690,20217307,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Haciman99,Ranger: You don´t need to kill the Libririans. Just look in their eyes.Me: Look at my throwing Knives. Hää? You want more than one? Ok here is another one. What? You want to look at one more? Ok you are the boss.10/10 Would kill again every Libririan in the Big Library.Edit: Now they try to look in my Eyes.
,Recommended,286690,20257527,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Durable,"Amazing atmosphere, gameplay, story and graphics. Runs very well on Linux as well!"
76561198003340520,Recommended,286690,13168103,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NoneSmith,"(Metro 2033 & Last Light) Fun Game! It is a rail shooter, but not every game can be Fallout3. Good story, good action, and a fair amount of replayability."
76561198034329552,Recommended,286690,14878624,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Coregrinding Saxman,"This game reminds me of Half-Life 2, but on steroids. Radioactive, bloody, steroids.You start off in a snowstorm then magically swoosh to a sweaty tunnel with men who have Russian accents.I played this on Spartan mode, so I had a lot of ammo and masks and filters. It was intense. If you want to suffer from a heart attack, play this on Ranger Hardcore, Survival gameplay type.I killed angler fish-shih tsus. I killed fishy gargoyles. I killed seismic wall fishies. I killed toxic fish eggs. Did I mention these things look like fish?Russians everywhere. They could be sobbing and mumbling sadly, and they would still sound badass. It's a Russian thing.Moscow is snowy. Moscow is cold. Wear a sweater, Jimmy.Soviet missiles. 80's horror game right here.GHOST TRAINS, CHOO CHOO (BOO! BOO!)Vampire scorpions that creep me out for 5 minutes.Crawling dog fishies that have a kill animation in their burrows that for some reason has scarred me for life.Gasping for air.Killing things with money.Psychic Endermen.I love this game.Getting the book.Getting Last Light.For the love of science, play this."
,Recommended,286690,19903302,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,frozen shogun,russian fallout
76561198013136696,Recommended,286690,19590052,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mungojerrie,"It's a competent FPS, dripping with postapocalyptic atmosphere. Has horror and supernatural elements  too. Certainly has rough edges, the 'good' ending is very hard to get(although it's non-canon) and checkpoint placement could've been a bit more generous sometimes(there are no quicksaves). QTEs are very simple, pretty boring, but thankfully are not common. I still like this game more than Last Light.Pick it up if you're up for some atmospheric FPS with inventory management and survival elements. Looks very good too, although non-russian voice acting is not articularly impressive."
76561198051301498,Recommended,286690,14844135,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,PorQueBelfs,"I had this on the 360 and i got stuck. I dont know what it was. It might have been because it was an xbox controller but i just couldnt seem to get past this one part. I had put it down for a year or so, till i made a PC that could run the Redux ones. Now that i have that i can safely say that this was one magical and fun game. Yes some of the story line is iffy in parts, but that also adds to the charm. It makes you feel the need to dive deeper into the lure and more into the back story of the factions. The game play is very solid, even more so with the Redux.Pros: -Gameplay is amazing,fine tuned, and just fun!-Graphics are outstanding! specially with the redux( Last light looks the same IMO)-Good pacing. It switches up with steath, fast gun play, and just beautiful scenery to explore and feel like you really are part of this world.-Challenge :]Cons: -Story is good, but can be confusing at times.- had some hard times making work. one time it decided to completely stop. I re installed and it worked but who knows if that will fix the problem for everyone. Be prepared to look up how to fix the problems.A very good game. Look up some game play videos of it to see if it really is the right Game for you."
,Recommended,286690,13488094,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,^5Rectal Anarchy,"It was an enjoyable, fun little game with a pretty well written story that manages to use the oppressive atmosphere to introduce fear in portions (THE LIBRARY! Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are ruthless.) without it feeling hollow and cheap. And character deaths actually have some impact as people seem to be human with characters. The entire world is very much alive.There are some iffy design choices, such as the like 6 hours in the early-mid game during which you aren't able to upgrade guns. If I hadn't gotten a silencer for my AK I would've never finished the game and this review would be a lot more negative. The Library also has some dodgy AI bits, such as Librarians just gunning straight for you and smashing your face in. There was one particular part I spent like 20 minutes on and even on reloads I would have a Librarian bound from a ways away and come straight to me to attack me."
76561198028141678,Recommended,286690,17042558,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ENGLAND IS MY CITY,"This is the most immersive single-player FPS game to date. If you like post-apocalyptic survival games then this is definetley the game for you, especially with the Ranger hardcore mode."
,Recommended,286690,13928485,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PiiGSTAHH,Fantastic game had me on the edge of my seat the whole time! And the graphics are amazing to boot! Would recommend anyone to spend the money on it!
,Recommended,286690,13814561,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mast3rl3ss,"You know those usually rare heart racing moments that happen only in the most atmospheric and engrossing games, where you can hear the terrors or monsters that you know you'll need to kill or get past but you can't see them, and you genuinely don't want to move because you're experiencing a strangely comfortable, uncomfortable feeling?........throughout this game there are many times i felt like that.There have only been a few games in my life that have made me feel genuinely on edge or as though i really don't know what to expect next (and am kind of hesitant to find out but want to anyway), the first couple of Resident Evil games on the playstation, Silent Hill when it first came out, and of course there was the 'We don't go to Ravenholm' section in Half Life 2. Metro redux 2033 beats them all in my opinion.It really is a great experience and the game really draws you in. The amazing graphics, atmospheric sounds (from water dripping in tunnels to howling in the distance or the wind blowing) and feeling of both hope for your character and hopelessness of the situations you often find yourself in all combine to generate that rare feeling of realism that you want from a game. I love how the story progresses for your main character and others involved and the way in which you can find occasional notes hidden in the game to provide you with context with regards the world you find yourself in, but there aren't too many of them to bother you or distract you from the game at all.I would recommend this game to anybody, and for those of you who like myself read reviews to not only try and understand what the game offers in terms of content, I can also tell you that i had absolutely no issues with performance at all. I didn't experience a single crash, there was never any lag and i can't recall a single bug or glitch in the game.It truly feels like a finely polished masterpiece, and it takes a lot for a game to impress me the way that this game has. Occasionally games come along that I get incredible enjoyment out of and can really immerse myself in, Fallout, Skyrim, Dragon Age etc, and Metro 2033 Redux is now definitely right up there with the best of them.I strongly suggest getting this game, it's worth every penny and you will wonder where the hell the last few hours of your life have gone! Enjoy your heart racing!"
,Recommended,286690,16349567,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Garland,Armed men. I'm okay with this.Mutant monstrosities running in the metro and the surface. Cool.Ghost children. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE!
76561198092215124,Recommended,286690,16344022,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Alpha 4,I have played both metro games and loved them both. I think this is a great game that everyone should play.
76561198109658150,Recommended,286690,13442975,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,tijnthepigeon,"This is an awesome game with awesome graphics. I havn't completly finished the story yet but from what i have played it is detailed diverse and really challanging (which is a good thing!). Great job on the remaster! Just a tip to people with crashes, if the game crashes on a GTX 970 turn off advanced PhysX I had the same problem after i turned it off it ran super smooth."
,Recommended,286690,11976174,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Baileaf,"It takes all the bad things from the original 2033, and replaces them with some of the good things from Last Light.It's nice."
,Recommended,286690,12191736,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Miya,"People tend to underestimate the metro series, People look at it as a FPS and pass it off. This should not happen. Metro 2033 is a game in a series of Metro games about a man named Artyom's journey in the abandoned russian metro after a nuclear apocolypse. a game that looks like a simple FPS on the outside has suprising amount of depth, ranging from stealth mechanics to conserving ammo that is used to buy stuff in the markets between cities, to managing your time on the irradiated surface of russia. along with the great gameplay also comes a really cool story about the what happened after the nuclear war. worth every cent."
,Recommended,286690,12942248,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tsunami125,"I loved this game, it was so fun to play. It's nice to get it in a bundle with last light."
,Recommended,286690,15197670,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jules Winnfield,Thought giant flies were on my monitor.10/10 would press G again
76561198054777958,Recommended,286690,15328652,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Shaddap,Jumpscares almost every corner. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again.
76561197970795971,Recommended,286690,12795712,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Doveman,"Not often scared in a videogame, but this one was intense. Buy if you want a cinematic shoot with a survival horror vibe."
,Recommended,286690,14926916,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DertyMike.mdl,metro 2033 but better
,Recommended,286690,15207166,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Cquickie in the bathroom,library = scary af. I rate 10/10
,Not Recommended,286690,14785100,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Shadowlord,"i only have this rating because i actually couldnt play the game, minutes in the game crashes and so far i havent been able to play yet, everyime it starts up it crashes after the first logo. i tried to uninstall but it did nothing so maybe you wont have the problem like me but i cant say i can recomend it because i could do anything"
,Recommended,286690,28598959,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dwardu,"A huge improvement over the original Metro 2033 in terms of graphics and optimization, even if you already played the original I'd say this is a worthy product."
76561198036156118,Recommended,286690,14608265,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,aerr,"This is highest peak of game design I've ever seen so far.It is breathtaking - when you ran out of filters in game you really hold your breath.It is heart stopping - when you ran out of bullets in the middle of enemy rush.It is fantastic - when you finally find a way to pass throgh, even you have no more ammo af all kinds and only several seconds before you loose conscious.It is holding until you finally do it - save or kill everybody alive.And it is kind and very humane.Just try not to run through the Metro - but feel it, listen to it, read it, discover it.You will be amazed."
76561197993332388,Recommended,286690,20600907,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Malice,"This one's tricky to review, as it suffers from some serious issues but has many redeeming qualities. Overall, I recommend it.To start with the bad, some NPCs you'll collide with, some you won't; monsters pop around and clip with everything; sometimes sound will be synced, sometimes not; flashlights shine through walls; guns don't feel very ""punchy"", kills are unsatisfying; child voices sound like adults obviously putting them on; night vision sometimes randomly turns on and off,  and will be stuck on through cinematic sequences.My biggest complaint: no explanation whatsoever of what the mysterious (SPOILER ALERT) dark figures are, and yet they pretty much haunt you the entire duration of the game.THE GOOD: you can clearly tell this game was based off a book because the writing is awesome, the story is immersive, it's what kept me going. The tunnels and stations are ambient, I loved listening to NPCs interact, the voice acting was good for the most part. The majority of the game you spend with at least one other companion, and it makes for less of a horror-like experience, which, to me, is a good thing. I appreciated a little company when having to traverse Moscow's mutant-ridden metro system.Anyway, decent game despite it's few issues, I recommend it!"
76561198051336298,Recommended,286690,16992642,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ƥɦσξɲɩӽ,"What has to be emphasize about this game is environment, the entire world, where this game takes place. Post-apocalyptic Moscow. People living in tunnels liek rats. And that's what influences entire game. Combats in the darkness with nazis and fearless creatures, that you can hardly (or sometimes never) kill are really what makes this game what it is.The story itself is also pretty amazing. Artyom is my hero ;) He makes it from community named Polis in the tunnels, where he was only guy, who knows how to hold gun. to the savior of the world (or entire Moscow at least let's say). There are couple unexpected moments, which always make stories like this interesting.On the other hand, the combat itself is kind of average. You have flashlight (nothing new) and you can upgrade you weapons (nothing new). Well to be fair some upgrades are really cool. And i almost forgot, you have grenades and knifes. These knifes can kill silently, which is super fun and useful sometimes. What makes the combat really interesting is the environment again. Creatures varies, you have guns to choose from. Pretty fun is that rifle loaded by arrows.All and all I'am fan of these post-apo dark games so 85/100."
76561198007367099,Recommended,286690,16112740,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Wufei,"I really enjoyed this game! The atmosphere and the story is so brilliant. You feel enclosed, alone in the darkness. With only a battery-driven flashlight, a gas mask and hand full of bullets, you descent into the dark tunnels of the underground metro system, with now expectations of what might lurks down there. You're only goal, is to move forward, and be careful looking back. You never know whats following you! Remember to also try Metro: Last light, for a deeper understanding of the story."
76561198039496264,Recommended,286690,28603609,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hohenheim,"Great game,  really draws you in.  If you want a game that plays like a mix between a horror movie and novel then this game is great."
,Recommended,286690,22068583,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,-Thorn-,"Metro 2033 Redux is a re-installment of the original Metro 2033. It has been improved in a multitude of ways, and today I shall be analyzing them for you.Firstly, per style for my reviews, graphics. It's not spectacular, but a vast improvement over the original. It seems much more realistic now as opposed to its ancestor.Would like to instate that hostile characters are repetitive though.Now gameplay. Although it might come off as your standard FPS, alongside the CODs and Battlefields in the world, I can full-heartedly state that this is a stigma. Metro 2033 is a survival shooter, and despite it having similar attributes to typical fps, it's not. By that, you murder monsters, and scavenge bodies for loot, and currency. Currency being Military-Grade bullets, of course.There's the attribute of its music, eerie and hollow which bursts my heart at various times. You're always butt-halfway on the seat, 'cause you're ready for the oncoming horde of jumpscares by the Darkness.When with companions, they are now able to assist by shooting the creatures, as opposed to not doing damage whatsoever. Furthermore, you need to be cautious with your ammunition. No firing aimlessly, tap like CS:GO.And yes, it's terrifying as hell. Goddamn this game spooked me.With that, a MUST-PLAY."
,Recommended,286690,26073008,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Santa Toblerone in September,Great game.  it's on sale right now too so buy it.
,Recommended,286690,20010620,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ThΞKnight,"A nice game, I played Metro Last Light Redux before this game, got to tell the graphics on both games look epic even on low settings. Would play and kill the ""♥♥♥♥♥"" again  10/10"
,Recommended,286690,14593558,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FubarHouse,"The Metro games are an incredible addition to an overpopulated and excessively popular genre in which the series nails all odds of the genre's cliches. The Metro franchise initiates in a post-apocolyptic Russia - more specifically Moscow. After being given his first mission to leave his station, young Artyum must face the odds of survival and travel to Polis to meet up with Colonel Miller to seek help for his cause. This involves meeting stranded individuals fighting for their own survival, and passing through stations of which are doomed due to the lack of resources or positioning of their base.The metro series is based off the active book series, and it really is one of the most immersive first person shooters of this time. I may have a fondness of the genre, but I have watched as this beloved genre has been butchered and disrespected since the original first person shooters were made. This game pays a great deal of respect to the genre, the story and to the PC market in general.The game caters to any play style, be it stealth, assault, survival or modular. This game is completely completable with spending none of the currency on offer for bullets or weapons. As you progress through the game you'll get better and better weapons but if you need to buy weapons or ammunition you're probably playing it wrong.It's rich, detailed, scary and beautiful in all respects. It's said that the Russians tell the best repressive stories and this is one shining example of that talent. You'll get to experience the best and the worst in human kind, and every time you play these games you will experience something new - big or little. I've finished this game countless times, in fact I can finish it really quick now, but I will always find something new.This version of the game was released in order to modernise the game from the original, and to update all the technology behind it. The engine and it's components have evolved from the original, and this arguably comes at a price. I find the modernisation is a good thing in general as there's a consistency among the series now, but some of you may wish to experience the original of which I'm yet to review. The original is much darker, the AI is much better if not too good and takes some adjusting, and I got to confess, I do prefer the textures of the Librarians over the Redux version.If you enjoy first person shooters, if you enjoy zombies, monsters and scary games, if you love beautiful graphics and a challenge, this is a must own. I've bought the whole series at full price and I've definitely got my moneys worth from it. I have finished each version of the game countless times, and I will finish them all again countless times. In fact the last run of which I've just completed, I completed with more than 1700 military grade points."
,Recommended,286690,27491004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠  «$tReef»,I'll make it easy for ya... You Gonna Like It!
,Recommended,286690,21202661,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rick C137,"GhostsMostersPowerful GunsBeautiful Gfx9/10 Final score.Loved it but the monsters didn't scare me. I know I had guns that could kill them.But I took the stealth approach and spared lives of humans and monsters... so I didn't use guns most of the time.I like how it allowed me to take a more slow and silent approach instead of just going in like a one man army which most fo the games do.I only had trouble with Demons and Librarians which my silenced pistol and silenced smg couldn't kill, so I borrowed shotguns from people that I knocked out (didn't kill).At one point a Red found me hiding behind a wall and just raised his hands and started stepping back slowly, I just ran towards him and knocked him down but by that time Reds around already heard his cries and that section became a lot more difficult for a stealth approach.Nice AI. I thought he was going to shoot me. Good work with the AI devs."
76561198095323538,Recommended,286690,22993572,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,valkyrie,"Hands still shaking the moment I write this. The storyline, the environment, the supsense, the intensity is pure gold.I've never felt so at ease when there's an AI with me. This is the perfect dating sim.Edited:On a side note, if your game ever crashes, don't start in safe mode. Even after restarting the game again after that, you will lose all your progress, including journal finds, autosaves, etc."
,Recommended,286690,23144296,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tititu [AboveClouds ♥],"This is how it goes:> Opens the game> Kills mutants for 2 hours> Gets outside with friend> A dog approaches> Thinks it's a mutant> Freaks out and tries to kill the dog before getting stopped by his friend10/10Seriously though, consider sleeping the night before playing this game."
,Recommended,286690,17809802,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,CaptainSoap,"Although it's not a new game,4A Games did a great job rebuilding this game using their new and improved engine used to create Metro Last Light.Back in 2010 when this first came out,it was one of my favourite FPS singleplayer game of all time and one of the best games I have played that year.So how did they improve?Well,by making the gameplay better and improving the graphics and athmosphere overall.Not only does the game feel more beautiful to look at ala Metro LL but it also keeps the learning curve of the original version.So this means stealth is still harder than Metro LL,better A.I. overall and stunning endings.However not everything is good in this package.You still have the shortcomings of a small studio which means a lot of stiff animations and a lack of very good English voice actors.I suggest you play the game in Russian with subtitles for the first time as it improves the experinece a lot.Overall this is a solid game that I can recommend to everyone that like FPS games with a close attention to detail and that don't mind not holding your hand,making you feel lonely and hopeless at times."
,Recommended,286690,27899173,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,elitekillerteam2012,AGAIN MORE MORE MORE!
,Recommended,286690,27503427,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Happy Pants,"This game has been out for awhile, it went on sale today and it was the right price for the set. Once I started playing it, I was hooked. Its gonna help me pass quite a few hours of spare time."
,Recommended,286690,27695896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Keppana,Very good game yes. Good story with beautiful visuals. Cheekibreeki!
76561198135208064,Recommended,286690,28957211,Posted: 2 January,all,Kiary20,"played the game, played again, read the books, played again.just cant stop.THIS IS AMAZING.10/10"
,Recommended,286690,29051204,Posted: 5 January,all,6hrslater,"If you have played all of the Fallout games and enjoyed them then this game will most likely interest you most.Its very simular to the Fallout series as you play as a character called Artyom traveling across whats left of Moscow in a post apocalyptic nuclear war world. All the survivors of Moscow forced to move into the metro stations. Artyom discovers a new threat unlike all the other mutant threats, must travel through the metro stations to deliver the intel to the allies. His adventure leads him to enemy stations and the dangerous wasteland meeting many great allies and traitors.8/10"
,Recommended,286690,28743613,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bosman752,"I never played the original Metro 2033, but I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed my time playing through the redux. The graphics are great looking, and the sound through my Creative Sound Blaster Z 5.1 Dolby surround put me right into the game. The mood of the game keeps you on edge throughout the playthrough and kept me coming back. I wanted to see if Artyom made it or not. The downside is that is controls are a tad chunky, but very usable once you get used to them. An amazing story and very unsettling mood makes this game a must buy. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,286690,28119597,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,✪ AndrewMeister,"Боже.Про эту игру можно писать мемуары,ведь это атмосферная и невообразимо интересная (в плане сюжета) игра.Я играл в неё очень,очень много, как на консоли так и на пк.Я помню как я впервые зашёл в эту шедевральную игру.Это было невообразимо.Я помню как я боялся всех этих мутантов(особенно пауков) ,помню с каким интересом проходил каждую миссию.Помню были и забавные моменты(например багги) когда НПС застрявали в текстурах,как иногда подшучивал Павел :3.Помню были и моменты ненависти к томуже Павлу,как зверски он предал нас,была и тревога за Анну.Вобщем эти два шедевра (Metro 2033 last light redux и Metro 2033 redux) мне очень понравились ,и я ставлю им 10/10 Бурбонов"
76561198054709369,Recommended,286690,25567911,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,General Wenck,"it was all going well while under cover for the nazi's infiltrating the scum of the Metro - yes i am Artyom. while travelling through the metro, i was reminded of my late Kamerad - Erich Von Manstein who spoke about the tunnels and the 'rats' in Stalingrad. Grim i know.Anyway, coming up against Mutants is nothing to a Officer like myself, i came across many of these in my struggle to hold of the Red Army in Berlin, they are the true mutants. While easily fending off these pigs in the metro, there are the Dark ones that will hunt and kill you while trying to get into your brain that the Fuhrer is no good. No way i say, Heil mein Fuhrer!There was one part that truly terrified me. I remember walking with Hunter along the ghostly tracks and i hear 'Allahu Akhbar' and a faint but getting louder scream of 'alalalalal' i hear gunshots in the distance and a huge explosion - then there was silence. For me, the epic struggle continues to find out the true meaning behind these peasants, i will continue my journey and eventually i will get back to das vaterland."
,Recommended,286690,27185325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lememe,"Incredible story and action, very immersive too. Stellar graphics on top of the great gameplay and i can't say i didn't like a thing about this game."
,Recommended,286690,31136244,Posted: 14 April,all,Soviet Hound,The post apocalyptic moscow is more beautiful than the actual one
,Recommended,286690,28252291,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Csgoatse.com csgobounty.com,i think this is a good example for a book based game :) the story is interesting and dóthe graphics is better than the  original and i think the  both of te Metros are very entertaining
,Recommended,286690,22335416,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,OmegaPower,"Highly RecommendedThis is one of the best FPS games with a great storyline. The Story of Metro 2033 is really unique and interesting. The Graphics is great for its time, and even today it is! and even the best gaming systems will cough running this. I get 60FPS at 1440p on a GTX 960 (80-90 FPS without vsync) while i get an average of about 40FPS on my GTX 680m at maximum settings on FULL HD Resolution.My Rating:9/10ProsStory(10/10)Graphics(9/10)Gameplay(9/10)Environment(8/10)Fear(8/10)Fun(9/10)ReplayabilityConsLack of Open World Free RoamingKind of repititive GameplayLess Graphics optionsVery less kinds of monsters"
76561198128076643,Recommended,286690,21376791,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,johnnydurden,"Currently obsessed with this game in the best possible way, but now I can't go outside without thinking I should put on my gas mask..."
,Recommended,286690,25233346,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,intenselycreamy,Amazing game 10/10 loved it but it was too short !!! there was a lot from the book that got missed out of the game and they could've made it much longer.
,Recommended,286690,27192425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MagicSnake of Maidan,One of the best remakes of old games that Ive ever seen!
76561198131947571,Recommended,286690,27345201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Parelem,"What can I say about this game! It’s just awesome in every way. If you have played the original and loved it before, then you are going to love this Redux edition even more. I decided to jump straight in and play Hardcore Survival Mode, and boy did I enjoy it. The story is really good and gameplay is great. In survival mode it is every bullet and gas mask counts. Because of this you tend to explore that little more for loot and find some wicked little areas with goodies and graphically good looking atmospheric environments. The sound just makes it all the more real feel.Best played in the dark with no lights on, and a nice ice cold beer to the side of you! :-)Since finishing it I just want to crack on and play it again before delving into Last Light Redux. Second replay value is great!I really recommend you invest and have a bash.9.5/10 Awesome!"
,Recommended,286690,25202840,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,H Y P Σ R I O Π,"One of many AMAZING games that i have,i could play this for hours just for complete the story...the story is pretty interesting that make my keep playing.The weapons are many kinds too,easy to use,and i love almost all of them.The thing that always make my nervous is that when i had no ammo and i must look some while im all alone and fighting those mutants...the point is,this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,286690,26474396,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jew Guy,One of the best story driven single player games ever
,Recommended,286690,26084342,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,COG_1reubstan,Amazing game!!! It is absolutly beautiful for its age. a truely amazing solo campain game
,Recommended,286690,26818996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atlas,-Great visuals for what it is-Runs great no problemo-Thought provoking rich story-Amazing gameplay-Absorbing atmosphere-Heavy Russian accents and VodkaWhat more can you ask for? Buy it :D
76561198347392284,Recommended,286690,32378882,Posted: 12 June,all,Akinola,TO MANY GAME BREAKING BUGS ITS BS I CANT RECOMMEND ITEDIT: I CAHNGED MY MIND IM WAS NOT PAYING ATTENTION
,Recommended,286690,32431912,Posted: 15 June,all,Omae-Wa-Mou-Shindeiru,"It was great, and much much better than Metro:Last Light. Now I can't wait until Metro:Exodus will appear XD"
,Recommended,286690,32478429,Posted: 16 June,all,Schorsch,If you are looking for a single player shooter that is as immersive as the Witcher series go for Metro!
76561198298036228,Recommended,286690,32400531,Posted: 13 June,all,Liberty™,<3 this series
,Recommended,286690,21505698,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JimtheSFN,"I did enjoy the game except the crashes it gave me at times(using Windows 10).It has a great story and the combat is fun. You can either go full out rambo style or do it more stealthy if you want to.Up to you how you wanna play the game.Customize your weapons and use the ones you want to. There isn't any wrong ones.Play this before you play Metro: Last Light to play through the story in the correct order.The atmosphere, graphics, music and the characters in the game are really great.I do recommend you play it and then move on to Metro: Last Light Redux."
76561197972672549,Recommended,286690,32544741,Posted: 18 June,all,Dirty Gaijin,Set in modern day Russia you are Artyom. On a quest to make it through Russia's complex underground system to get some puss.
,Recommended,286690,32558650,Posted: 18 June,all,Azkrathon,"I'm not really a fan of the horror genre, but boy everything changed when I started playing Metro. The atmosphere, the environment, the characters, and the soundtracks makes it feel REAL AND BELIEVABLE. This Series is definitely one of the best games I've ever played!"
,Recommended,286690,18654210,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dwight K. Schrute,This is the best horror FPS game I've ever played.
,Recommended,286690,32844700,Posted: 26 June,all,Metapoetic,"An excellent horror/action/dystopia. Great adaptation of a great book.Pros:- Great plot- Incredible level design- icantbelieveitisntreal.jpg- Holy mother of God, was that thing alive?- Jumpscare city, y'all- I'm writing this review at midnight after playing for hours and the room is TOO DARK- Stealth mechanics work really well- Homo Novus can just f*ck off right now before I crap my pants againCons:- Framerate gets a little choppy at times- Need new underwear almost as fast as Artyom needs new filters"
,Recommended,286690,32706665,Posted: 23 June,all,Bobcat,This game is a masta peice!and at $5 its a masta peice for your wallet
,Recommended,286690,32889244,Posted: 27 June,all,Zenia,Artyom and the Dark Ones is as emotional as Gordon Freeman and the Vortigaunts.
,Recommended,286690,28800827,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheNewGuy,Goto the library they said. itll fun they said. You will be able to save your station artyom they said. I will be back asap miller said. No screw you leaving me alone with your lies. Never again. if i get the chance im burning your ranger station. Where are you going to send me next to a dark room filled with nothing but dark ones and death. Why cant they send some other poor soul to march to their death cant i just stay back and liberate stations from the reds and the reich.
76561198113237893,Recommended,286690,32824837,Posted: 26 June,all,crazy4videogames,"Good atmosphere, nice combat system and AI. The plot is good too. The inventory menu is a bit tricky to use at first in my opinion but then you get used to it."
,Recommended,286690,32584841,Posted: 19 June,all,CalxGamezHD,Such a fun game to play
,Recommended,286690,32863615,Posted: 27 June,all,NiceDancing,Russian Bioshock. Pretty good remake. Good story.
,Recommended,286690,32884940,Posted: 27 June,all,"NO, I DONT WANT THAT","Absolutely incredible experience, especially if you're a fan of any post-nuclear apocalypse games. Solid combat and stealth mechanics, with a rich story line."
76561198348625641,Recommended,286690,32912238,Posted: 27 June,all,温水煮企鹅,界面非漂亮，很真实，很悲壮，喝伏特加那段居然是我最喜欢的，末日求生的感觉很强。没子弹了！！！！！！！！[/sporler]
76561198041714139,Recommended,286690,24560915,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr.Happymeal,"Metro 2033 Redux isn't just a HD re-release or a sad cash grab by the new publisher. They totally rebuilt the original metro 2033 and vastly improved everything. The game is much more optimised and runs smoother, so if your PC could run the original you'll be able to run this without any problems despite the vastly improved graphics."
76561198187769006,Recommended,286690,32482758,Posted: 16 June,all,SoYeon,GOOD.this game is my life..
,Recommended,286690,32543933,Posted: 18 June,all,WINGKEL,THIS GAME COOL AND SCARY I RECOMENDATION FOR GAMER HOROR
76561198036564096,Recommended,286690,30470535,Posted: 12 March,all,(TDS) Shinobi,"A well made game with a good story. I really enjoyed working my way through this and progressing towards the end. Varied enemies are encountered and varied guns to defend yourself.It follows an established narrative and this means it's fairly linear but I never felt restricted. It was a welcome change from the open world games I play (Fallout, GTA, Dying Light, etc) to be kept on track and focus on what needed doing. Only once was I retracing my steps several times to find something I missed to progress. It's very forgiving with save points, etc. too.It's not the longest game however. The 15 hours it says I've played: I finished it and left it paused a couple of times during that too.Story: 7 / 10Sound: 8 / 10Graphics: 6 / 10Lastability: 6 / 10Overall: 7 / 10If you do buy this; don't save your best guns and ammo. Use them. At the end of every level you might find something better and you have to give up one of the guns you're carrying to pick up another. There's really good guns I never used as I had to lose them to get something else."
76561198117718428,Recommended,286690,16610966,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shablord,Yes !
76561198130068965,Recommended,286690,16590788,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CS.MONEY JUST!N,fun
,Recommended,286690,18256091,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Haaveilen,"Metro 2033 is a survival-horror first-person shooter video game, based on the novel Metro 2033 by Russian author Dimitry Glukhovsky. Metro 2033 was developed by 4A Games and published by THQ and after ""Redux rebuild"" by Deep Silver. Original game was released in 2010 and was a huge success, awarded with lots of high rated awards. In august 2014 developer released Redux versions for both Metro 2033 and its sequel Metro 2033: Last Light, featuring the newest version of 4A Engine, with better graphics, new animations, lighting, gun handling, new AI mechanics and much more. Ratings:Pros:+ Incredible story, based on best-seller novel Metro 2033+ Lots of gameplay detail and content+ Amazing graphics, especially with Redux rebuild+ Astonishing animations and physx, which makes game even more realistic+ Two gameplay modes, depending what kind of gameplay you want+ Stealth option is amazing, especially after rebuild+ A lot of plot twists, amazing dialogues and sayings+ Achievement system ( I did all of them, and it actually forces you to finishgame at least two times in order to achieve them allCons:- I have noticed, that after Redux rebuild, kids have wrong voices, like someold lady would voice act them. ( only in English, Russian works fine )- At some points, enemy AI attacks you way more then other friendly AI'sI simply had one of the best FPS single-player experiences while playing the game. It might have few flaws, but they are just so minor compared to what package this game brings. If you like that kind of games, you should definitely go for it. Seriously outstanding AAA game. Congrats!"
76561198060177305,Recommended,286690,27006871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Niggles,"This game...whoa, this game. What a fantastic, completely underrated FPS. The story is great, the atmosphere is AMAZING, and the overall gameplay is perfect. A huge step up from the original version. I'd give it an extremely solid rating of 9.5/10; it's seriously THAT good. Buy it. It runs extremely well. Never had any flaws with playing it."
76561198015307033,Recommended,286690,13469310,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Thumbs up!
76561198030487086,Recommended,286690,15425551,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,G_Masta_Phunk,*Comes home drunk from the bar and decides to continue his 2033 campaign*- Gets lost in the beautiful enviroment taking screenshots and looking around --Dies of lack of air filters-11/10- dont forget to wipe the gunk off your mask...
,Recommended,286690,16942715,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BreeZe,Very good graphicsGood Story
76561198076812231,Recommended,286690,26072013,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[TeamJesus] Fresh_MoSeS,2033/10
76561198064637829,Recommended,286690,17005264,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,POWE$I,I'm too much of a pu$$Y to finish the Librarian part.8/10-IGN
,Recommended,286690,18202830,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dokta,"Play as Artyom Slowasavitch as you walk through peril like an average day in New York; if New York was dirty, radioactive tunnel filled with aliens and rat creatures."
,Recommended,286690,11920688,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bark Snarly,"Improved ai and mechanics from the better engine used in metro LL as well as the MASSIVELY improved performance and as good/better graphics as the original make this version a joy to play. Was neat going through and seeing the small additions and changes that were made compared to the orignal too.Finished the original 2033 once on xbox and another time on pc, still think this was worth the price. Good gaym, 10/10 would play again."
76561198171339903,Recommended,286690,17999056,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MrBobbin,If the games 'Legendary' and 'S.T.A.L.K.E.R' were to have a child and 'Dead Space' were to influence it growing up this is what it would turn out to be.Takes a bit of time to find your way around the first playthrough but worth replaying.Over all not enough bugs to be a problem and a good linear fps game.Even better when on sale.
,Recommended,286690,17350540,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Yureina,"Basically Metro 2033 again, except with prettier graphics and a few gameplay improvements that make things better.So... sure. It's good. I was dreading playing this again because my past experience with it was on a PC technically incapable of playing it. But now I actually got to play this the way it is meant to be played and it was quite nice. Hooray!Aside from that, everything I said in my original Metro 2033 review applies to this one. This is just the same game, but better.Bwee."
76561198094703161,Recommended,286690,17245695,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,GoDOMigHTy8086,"If you ever dream of Metro 2033 with better graphics and would spend money on the same game, Then this is the game for you"
76561198121245537,Recommended,286690,20315282,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Swa99erLord,"This is a 10/10 game. There are very few games I would consider to be 10/10 (or close to it) but this right here is gold. If you're looking to play a game with a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic story this is it right here. The graphics are pretty damn good, the characters are diverse, the story is unique, gameplay is smooth, it's simply a one of a kind experience. YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,286690,20300374,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,Are you happy? Do you want too feel like there is no hope? Play this game. Incredibly well made
76561198041203035,Recommended,286690,23145138,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,amusquiz,If it's hostile you kill it.If it's a good game you recommend it.
76561198060486919,Recommended,286690,23863525,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Daimao,"Game was very immersive and fun to play, you actually feel like you are the one there. IT IS your life in peril.Pros--Made me cry during some intense scenes.-Plot is very good-Mechanics are well thought out.Cons--Some scenes are confusing at times but then you eventually understand it.OverallIf you are unsure about purchasing then just go straight up and buy the bundle. Great game, 9.5/10."
76561198111069432,Recommended,286690,26334893,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Torbjorn,All of the children sound like that creepy helicopter from Jay Jay the Jet Plane. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,26076993,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Space Gardenz.,"(For all you lazy Steam shoppers, look at the last paragraph for a summary)This game deserves credit, for the following reasons:*It is scary. But not Outlast scary, it´s sort of less horror than jump-scares and simply the sounds and visuals. Especially the sounds. They´re mostly the same all the time, but sh*t they are scary, every time.*It has (fairly) good shooter mechanics. The weapons shoot realistically and the damage models are solid. What makes it interesting is that there are no specific damage points. You don´t know how much damage a weapon does, you just have to try it out. Makes the weapons choice just that much harder, and trust me weapons choice does matter in this game, depending on if you want to have a fun and entirely possible expirience or a difficult and far-less fun experience.*It has puzzles. Well, not many and they aren´t really that difficult, but it make the game more challenging and makes this not just an ego-shooter, but also sort of a thinking game.*The story is amazing. It is filled with plot-twists, creative levels and, most importantly, russian.There are of course a fair share of bugs, or things the game does not tell you which makes it a lot harder. I experienced this myself. the game does not tell you that if you press (M) to hide your weapon Librarians (Monsters later in the game) will not attack you. This doesn´t spoil much as you can of course try to kill them, but it´s extremely difficult and takes up too much ammo. I wasted hours on that level and had to rely on outside help, even with normal mode on. I also had some other places where I required outside help, where the game was not explicit enough, but the main thing is that you acctually have to listen to dialogue, otherwise you are clueless.Overall, I´d say that Metro 2033 is definitely a good buy, especially if it´s on sale as it is now, and it appeals to many genres. If you like FPS, puzzle and horror games, this is definitely the game for you. And let me also add that the fact that I even bothered to write this review, and make it so positive, just goes to show that this game is definitey worth a buy, just like its sequel, Metro: Last Light, which I am yet to play but will soon review too, if it impresses me as much as this game does"
,Recommended,286690,26078703,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,It's Popcorn Overlord,"I'm going to give a honest review of Redux, as someone who played the original version on Xbox 360 (Don't do that, don't ever do that.) back when it was released and just finished a hardcore run on Metro 2033.____Gameplay - Metro 2033 was a bit rough on gameplay. It's stealth system was pretty crappy due to the fact that the map designers didn't a good amount of thought into placing broken shards of glass and cans in reasonable spots but rather put it in corridors and doorways intended for people to stealth (I'm looking at you Frontlines). It's combat wasn't well tuned because of the poor amount of weaponry available in the game, but hey! Redux gives you a huge amount of variety. (Use the Bidet if you buy this game, best thing I didn't try till late-game.) Enemies in combat are also smarter, and have different varieties whereas before they didn't. Russians and Germans are actually different looking and can actually be noticed by their outfits and faces (Before in 2033, everyone can kinda suffered from same-face and same-outfit, even different factions, but now in the Redux, you won't really notice that except for that one guy.)Redux fixes a good amount of the maps to be longer and redone, have cover or to have other routes so that players can have a chance in combat as well with actual well done placed shards of glass and cans so that people still have to actually pay attention if playing stealthy. Enemies will actually hear you blowing candles out if you're behind them, they'll recognize the lights being shot at even if you use a silencer, and they'll actually go searching for you in this game.(Redux uses the Stealth System from Last Light which made all Russian and German enemies with their heads stuck in their asses, you could essentially just walk in front of them as long as they didn't have a mounted spotlight in front of them).  TIP: Press E to knock out enemies, it was a thing added to the game but because the original 2033 didn't have it, they forget to tell you. So you're not going around knifing every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then complaining you couldn't get the good ending.____Story - If you played 2033, there isn't much to offer here because you essentially played the story. But, hey, the Story is pretty well done if you're into the post-apoc games, branching out into what a world would be like if the Russian culture had decided to preserve itself into the tunnels. Different areas have different reasons for the way they are. (A certain free market is called the Armory because all of the descendents came from workers who manufactered guns for the Military before the nuke, and then became the largest gun traders in the metro, all that sort.)The game takes ahold of Artoym, the silent mute protagonist who has visions with these so called powerful mutants wtih superpowers called ""The Dark Ones"". The Rangers/The Free Metro believe that The Dark Ones are causing mutants inside of the Metro to be more aggressive and violent, Artoym decides to go on an adventure braving the Metro and the Surface to save his town, Polis, from the ever relentless Dark Ones. Artoym (You) will soon discover that there more than the Dark Ones and Mutants that danger not only Polis, but the future of the Metro.____Environment/Atomsphere - The game has a great atmosphere and environment. (However, I wouldn't purchase this with the mindset of that you're going to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants of horror.) The game has some good ♥♥♥♥ing creeps, like some really good ones from time to time. The game captures the idea of a run-down Russia affected by nuclear warfare, markets and people who are deprived of resources and are constantly trying to survive on the brink of death.____Graphics -  This game is going to look nice, it's a thing these developers have had to do and keep up with ever since Metro 2033 was released. Why? Because people were using this as a benchmark if their chinese supercomputers were powerful, hell, it was competing against Crysis which was known for basically ""Great Graphics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gameplay, Can't run at all"".The game makes the overall decaying, ice-ridden and desolate environment filled with ♥♥♥♥ing beasts on the surface ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. You'll take back saying ""Russian places that were completely destroyed by radiation are never pretty"" until you've seen the Dead City. Because Chernobyl is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while the Dead City is an exotic latvian supermodel... with radioactive beasts and possible superpowered mutants, but still worth it.____Cons - I'm not going to do a pros because it's pretty obvious.The game is short, it can be really ♥♥♥♥ing short. Even new players will have a decent record time of 5-8 hours if you're not even attempting to find collectables, moral points, achievements.It's a Railway. Yeap, if you're looking for an open-world post-apoc, this isn't it. Metro 2033 is still an enjoyable good railway shooter especially if you're looking for something more so along the lines of gunplay and combat such as the Stalker series.The game does auto-saves, a good amount of them will cause your frames to just stop and make it look like the game crash for a good 1 or 2 seconds. I hated it.The game's replayability is heavily dependent on what kinda gamer you are. If you've never played a game like Stalker, you're probably only going to get one or two playthroughs out of this game.____TL,DR: Metro 2033 Redux gets a 8/10 from me, I personally give the original a 6.5 or a 7 because of how rough it was and Redux acutally polished the game and made the experience way more enjoyable. It's stealth was improved, the combat was improved, more variety of enemies, more weapons, redone and polished maps/levels, different character models and faces."
,Recommended,286690,27470857,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spooks,Pretty cheeki
76561198123434976,Recommended,286690,29976737,Posted: 16 February,all,McLean,One of the better single player FPS's in recent memory.
76561198084071793,Recommended,286690,28786417,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TryRoos,"Very good and strong game. In this little hours i spend very nice my time.It makes you very straingh feelings but the most negative is that, the story is to short i don't waited that but because the game is very interesting i recommend it"
,Recommended,286690,29732874,Posted: 5 February,all,Thebindle,"Starts off a bit slow, but if you give it a chance it gets going after a few levels. The survival/horror elements are effectively delivered to create a tense environment throughout, but it still feels like a decent shooter at its core.Levels are fairly linear, but theres also some exploration, and often encounters have multiple sollutions. Collectible diary pages help to enrich the story, for those interested in further immersing themselves.Overall a great pickup for anyone interested in post apocalyptic scenarios."
,Recommended,286690,23834780,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,usernamegood,Brutally molested by silhouettes calling me their motherit's been an interesting experience
76561198158563734,Recommended,286690,23866332,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blood1487,A solid FPS title that has a well-crafted campaign. Definitely worth picking up when it is on sale.I rate it 8.5/10 overall.
,Recommended,286690,22785651,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,-BMF-,This is a highly updated version of a allready excellent game. Adds some content to flesh out the story even more and the graphics have been tuned and polished to look and run better at the same time. If you havent played Metro 2033 before pick this up for sure and if your allready a fan of the series id say grab it and enjoy playing the definitive version of Metro 2033!
,Recommended,286690,26347304,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mr. Chang,"This was the gaming expirence I have been looking for in years.I have not been so immeresed and so invested in a game for a long time and I have to say first and foremost if you have not played this game go ahead and buy it now you won't regret it.There is so much I liked about the game I am only going to mention what I was most impressed with and affected by. Fear.The fear this game produces while playing go's beyond expecting a simple jump scare but the atmosphere was the source of most of the fear and consequently the player feeling more immersed in the games world. (Also while being a first person shooter with guns, to also be a really good horror game is very impressive.) The early mentioning of The Dark Ones created a fear of them in the back of my mind, and when I entered the first tunnel the main character goes through in the tunnle I was already throughly creeped out. Then it escalated. Then the relief of saftey. This is the sort of pattern the game likes to follow and it keeps you on edge, and even if you're extremely vigiliant more often than not you will not expect exactly what happens next for Artyom. It does this while also offering challenging gameplay and a great and compelling story.Of course I should mention what I did not like so much in the game, though it is really minor. The sound effects for weapons sounded not so much like a gun. An AK did not sound anything like an AK especially when NPC's would shoot it. The same would go for a lot of the weapons. Other than that I could not find anything I didn't like."
76561198057463231,Recommended,286690,25933150,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,THE COMMENDABLE PINEAPPLE,"Metro 2033 is an incredibly immersive, atmospheric game with great stealth action, but the real reason it is memorable is because of its story. Metro 2033 tells the story of a young man named Artyom, who is thrust out of his ordinary life and into a journey across the Metro that will change him forever. I found the story to be very profound, and I felt a connection with Artyom, as he traveled across a post-apocalyptic world on a quest to save his home. If you like games with great stories, then definitely pick up Metro."
,Recommended,286690,26061276,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Turtle_Testies,"Honestly, this game is a masterpice. Along with the other Metro game. In my opinion, the game is way better on the hardest difficulty. Ammo is short, and it doesnt take much to be taken down. It adds to the immersion. And makes it feel more real.The whole game is filled with crazy moments that have you on the edge of your seat for the whole time. Its amazing.This game is amazing. I cant recommend it enough. Its worth every penny."
,Recommended,286690,26422331,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Maccard skinhub.com,Definetly 9/11 would recommend to everyone. Love apocalypse? Metro is for you! Looking for hard and unforgiving games in which you constantly have to improve yourself? Metro is for you! Love killing nazis and commies? Metro is for you! Love laughing in the face of the poor or the injured that desperately beg for your help?...............Metro is for you!9/11 would kill nazis and soviets again.
76561198113489474,Recommended,286690,28582006,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,adogisawesome,"One of my favorite games, though i haven't beaten it due to the Librarians. Not cuz they're hard to kill, but cuz im too scared to play the level. Really wish i would man up and complete the level so i could finish he game. :("
,Recommended,286690,28809123,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cade,"I just beat the game today, and it was amazing. I think it was the single best singleplayer experience I've ever had. The attention to detail in this game is amazing, and every developer should take note of Deep Silver's work. I cant wait to try the next one!"
,Recommended,286690,26147086,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kill one Kill,Good intese game overall its a good game
,Recommended,286690,32704805,Posted: 23 June,all,TickTackCZE,"I played Metro 2033 after reading the book, I would say that in this order it was good for me if you did this on the contrary you would probably be disappointed or bored in the book.The game is a bit different from the book, but it does not lose the experience, in the game is more actions, fights, and so on ... The book is written in more detail.I bought the metro in a discount together with another continuation of this game for 8 euros and I would say the game is worth it. The game has good graphics, atmosphere, and a bunch of good hidden places. To complete the game takes you around 10 hours.You can play a game in several ways (Stealth or normal action) in this game you do not have to kill your enemies, then from several aspects such as exploring hidden places, helping people in need, listening to other AI dialogues unfolds good or bad ends but I would rather called it a true and false ending because the second part of the book or the gameplay is based on one of these ends. I enjoyed the game and I recommend it."
,Recommended,286690,33176549,Posted: 3 July,all,Sasu & Millie,It's pretty good~
,Recommended,286690,26733487,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,rk is the best Nasus EU,Alright ribiata let's get moving
76561198203052819,Recommended,286690,33161386,Posted: 2 July,all,BTWiMG0LDEN,Definitely worth a second playthrough.
,Recommended,286690,33124597,Posted: 2 July,all,Skebby,"was a great game and had lots of fun with it, good gameplay and storyline"
,Recommended,286690,33158067,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Metro 2033 is an amazing game, that has an inmersive atmosphere with great culture, sounds, buldings. i fell in love with the original metro a long time ago and since they are about to release a 3rd one i decided to buy the redux of the original and Last Light. i had a great time, every detail in this game is made to cautivate you and make sure you stay until the very end.Both Metro games are at the top of my FPS list, right next to Half-Life. if you like this genre, you can't miss this gem."
,Recommended,286690,33158208,Posted: 2 July,all,Kūrāritān,"Completed the original, it's a game like no other. The story is supreme, and the way you have to keep track of every bullet... Well worth your hard earnd coins when its on sale, even considering todays standards."
,Recommended,286690,33164927,Posted: 2 July,all,Wizza Pilla,I kept running away from those gorillas because they scare me.
,Recommended,286690,32735458,Posted: 24 June,all,Artamir | Vodka Putinoff,Not always happens that game is as good as its book. Even though the game took a much different approach I still think it was a great idea. There are many references to the book trough dialogues. You cannot directly compare the two. The book was great but I don't think it would make a good videogame if it was done the same way. That's why I think that the more combat approach was done for the better. The game even lets you experience an alternative ending which you can get depending on the actions and decisions you will make troughout the game.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys post-apocalyptic genre.
,Recommended,286690,33105846,Posted: 1 July,all,Vejita,"Great atmosphereGreat musicSolid gunplaySolid stealth mechanicsA decent difficulty curve(Although I found it a bit easy, may want to play on harder difficulties)An interesting enough story, although it won't really leave you too shocked.My only gripe is every time the game forced me to do a turret section and how often I was paling around with NPCs. The game felt far more effective when I was stuck on my own."
76561198346512992,Recommended,286690,33133743,Posted: 2 July,all,sipi1980,A really good game and well built story. The end is suprisingly good.
,Recommended,286690,32743403,Posted: 24 June,all,freen,Metro 2033 and last light are both absolutely fantastic games. The visuals are just stunning with good combat. The horror aspect of this game is not overdone either which makes for some amazing atmospheric moments.
,Recommended,286690,33048802,Posted: 30 June,all,Wilson,Metro 2033 Redux is an amazing game that's atmospheric. Most of the time I thought I was actually in the game.
76561198086058466,Recommended,286690,33052973,Posted: 30 June,all,Throw Gaming,One of the Best games i ever played..Good Story.Good Gameplay!
,Recommended,286690,33051771,Posted: 30 June,all,Darjeeling,2 spooky 4 me
,Recommended,286690,23006956,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,map,Masterpiece with great story and atmosphere.
,Recommended,286690,32616460,Posted: 21 June,all,Dekker,Wow. This is a spectacular game; it takes everything that I love from STALKER and HL2 and combines them. Maybe the most compelling linear game I've played since HL2 and it has a variety of cool weapons including the best flamethrower not in an Alien game
,Recommended,286690,32488164,Posted: 16 June,all,D4C,Just awesome i really love it
76561198307851496,Recommended,286690,27885489,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FIERCE_HADRID,"Deep atmosphere, best in-game scenes and right action-that are key features of Metro."
76561198289022645,Recommended,286690,33141693,Posted: 2 July,all,FishingGrapes,"In a genre dominated by War-based games, a Good linear-shooter like Half-Life is hard to comeby. But 30 minutes in this game and I was sure I was in for a great Journey ahead.This game is one of the most Immersive and atmospheric game I've ever played and takes what Half-Life introduced to this genre and build up on it and pulls of a game thats both Visually Stunning and provides an eerie Atmosphere.There are variety of Guns too choose from to suit your style of play and they can be customized.I have seen a lot of people complaining about linear games.But I'll take a Linear game over many Half-baked ""Open-world"" games that are released tosay just for the sake of being Open-World.There arefew levelsin the game which reminded me ofDeus Ex- You can shoot your way through these levels or take a route in the cieling or knock out enemies without killing them.The game is very depressing, but in a good way and that shows the atmosphere provided by the game.The level of detail to things in the game is top-Notch.A few gimmicky mechanics like wiping your Gas mask and the Gas mask itself adds more to the immersion.(There is an achievement for wiping your gas mask.)Most monsters you come across , you'll have to kill them to Survive.However Killing a  few Monsters can be avoided by certain tactics :Stealthy approch towards Demons.Spiders are afraid of Light.Librarians can be ""Stared-down"" though it's kinda Tense and Creepy.There are quite a few QTEs but not overused and the Gunplay is very satisfying and the ammo is Scarce, so aim for the head.The Game felt too short to me,since I beat the game in under 9 Hours and I was on Normal Difficulty.The English Voice acting is no the best , but I would suggest Russian Voiceovers and Ranger-Mode in your second Play-through.Stealth is knd of OP, and Human enemies have questionable AI.The Monsters on the other hand are Awesome and The Nosalies actually run away from you to regain health when hit.SO that's kinda cool.I've played Half-Life 1 and 2(yet to play the episodes), but this games does what those games did and much more.This is thebest Linear-FPS I've ever played."
76561198078699968,Recommended,286690,13649654,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jonnywam,Great SciFi action/adventure and story game. Refreshing!
76561198260693519,Recommended,286690,33087650,Posted: 1 July,all,nananana BATMAN!!,There is just one thing to say about this game: DAMN ATMOSPHERE!
76561198190224055,Recommended,286690,33089074,Posted: 1 July,all,~bakuretsu~╚(•⌂•)╝,great game
,Recommended,286690,16847453,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Big,"***OLD ANGRY REVIEW***As much as i wanted to play this game i just can't, CONSTANT driver crashes make this game unplayable, it is not only my pc or my problem, this is a problem with a wide variety of graphics cards. I tried innumerouse fixes but none were succesfull, from lowering the overall resolution and graphical settings to playing the game in windowed mode and disabling physx. I have had at least 20 crashes within my 2 hours of gameplay and that 2 hours were mostly from replaying parts of the same levle again and again and again hoping that the game would not crash before getting to the next checkpoint. That is unacceptable by any standards for any game and the devs have done nothing to fix their broken game. Many people have complained to 4A since 2014 and this problem still has not been fixed. While the game does well with its immerstion and gunplay, the bad greatly outweighs the good.====UPDATED REVIEW======Please disregard everything above, came back after a couple of years and the game works perfectly now, havent had any driver crashes and the game runs at a smooth 60 frames. gunplay is nice and stealth is well done, love the atmosphere of the game and just the feeling you get while in the other stations. Still not sure what was causing my graphics drivers to crash back then."
,Recommended,286690,32848338,Posted: 27 June,all,RhysCPFC,"This game checks nearly every box for an Action/FPS/Survival game, Interesting story, great gameplay and decent customisation, very atmospheric and even scary with a few horror elements, getting jumped by monsters in the sewers was particularly terrifying, especially playing Survival on the Ranger Difficulty where you have nearly no hud.Can't believe I didn't play this till now. Only issues I had was I thought that the Liberian mission felt a bit like padding and the Characters weren't that good but still definitely in my top 5 FPS Games of all time and can't wait to play Last Light.100% buy this in the sale but would recomend even if you miss it8.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,32869563,Posted: 27 June,all,Calcaneus,just... amazing.
,Recommended,286690,29023752,Posted: 4 January,all,Burrito,UNCLE BOURBON I MISS YOU
,Recommended,286690,28572469,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AsOiX,100% one of the best game series ever.
,Recommended,286690,28188771,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Deermuid,"Picked this up for €3.75, deffinitley worth the money. Great story, looks and runs great. It's around 8 hours long for a single playthrough."
,Recommended,286690,28193673,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DoorMatte,"Undoubtedly one of the best games I have ever played, the atmosphere felt so good it spurred me on to read the books, which are equally amazing as the games."
,Recommended,286690,28199513,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gargoyle,"Fantastic - harrowing, darkly beautiful FPS with a soul."
,Recommended,286690,28203935,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Heavy Helvette,"Awesome game with good balance in graphics and good story! I like the horror game feel of it, and I feel like being inside of the game itself when in-game! Could be smoother in the intro with 60fps instead of 30fps and it could have more in-game settings! But still a good game with positive results! 9/10"
,Recommended,286690,28192981,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jarps,Amazing FPS shooter and worth it. Buy it now.9.5/10
76561198003949842,Recommended,286690,30863754,Posted: 31 March,all,Fitzou,"I recommand Metro 2033 for its story and atmosphere and to have some fun survival experience.But... so much bugs,+ the redux version isn't so beautiful (Outdoor... omg...)+ some little area who kills you if you want to explore+ and the worst : too many scripted actions = die and retryTake it at low price."
76561198119506554,Recommended,286690,27815408,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Woody15,they've done vey good job with this game.  I have to say that i like Metro Last Light more than Metro 2033 redux but still wonderfull game where i spend a lots of hours playing it
76561198195050605,Recommended,286690,32880768,Posted: 27 June,all,revraS,"Has some spooky jumpscares, beast are ugly, nazis are present. 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,33407576,Posted: 9 July,all,Nigel Thornberry,If you like half life you will enjoy this game.
76561198089901837,Recommended,286690,23670321,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,H   U   H,"clausterphobic, atmospheric, and sp00ky."
,Recommended,286690,32417579,Posted: 14 June,all,Slavic Normie,hey yeah it's good
76561197983784591,Recommended,286690,32403016,Posted: 13 June,all,DirtyStiv,What can i say game just get next lvl of gameplay :)
76561198094932426,Recommended,286690,32420877,Posted: 14 June,all,ChillyPotPie,Great game 10/10 would recommend if you're on the fence
76561197975014580,Recommended,286690,15137813,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,xiionic1,"Enjoyable experience with solid gameplay that you would expect from an FPS.Very immersive environments and story.The ambience sets a dark and moody experience and really gives metro a nice edge over similar titles. The Graphics, dynamic lighting especially, are expceptional in this game.Expect an experience similar to Half Life. It isn't quite as ground breaking, or nearly as long, but it plays just as well and looks a whole lot better.Pros : Graphics, Story, Design, cool scripted eventsCons : A Few Unusual buggs, limited variation of monstersVERDICT :: 8/10 - Will buy the Sequel"
,Recommended,286690,33663233,Posted: 19 July,all,AlFOskuro* ƾƹ ɐȴȽ ζ,Excelent game to be played for a good athm and hist.
,Recommended,286690,28332273,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Snowflake3638,"No Cheeki Breeki :(Has vodka at least, which is nice9/10"
,Recommended,286690,33512519,Posted: 13 July,all,ectoplasm,how the ♥♥♥♥ do you spell the main character's nameartyom? arytom? arytyom? ayrtyom? ayrtom?♥♥♥♥ing russians.
,Recommended,286690,17416164,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Linux Engineer,"Absolutely breath-taking gameplay, and astounding story. I have always loved games adapted from novels and this is definitely in the top 5. If you haven't played Metro 2033 before, this is a great starting point. Having played through both, in my opinion, I would say this one is superior in both performance and asthetics."
,Recommended,286690,28580477,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"Metro 2033 has to be one of the best game I've played, setting wise and gameplay wise. Make sure you're playing on ranger mode for the true experience."
76561198077938993,Recommended,286690,16485655,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Not-The-Jugs,Your by yourself. It's to spooky out there. Accidentally turned off my computer I got so spooked. It's such a good spooky FPS
,Recommended,286690,32509882,Posted: 17 June,all,calebfoxhuizenga,"Metro 2033 Redux is a beautiful but somber reimagining of the original Metro 2033. WIth graphical and gameplay updates, this is the definitive version of a game that wasn't recognized as much as its succesor.Graphics: Beautiful and Atmospheric. The amzing colour pallet really sets the tone for the game, and makes you feel like you live in this world. The first time I went above ground, I was absolutely blown away by how beautiful it looked. 10/10Gameplay: Very good. Some issues with stealth but overall the shooting is satisfying and enemies go down with a reasonable amount of bullets. Save your ammo and filters, though. You'll need them. 9/10Story: This game has the best story out of any game I have ever played. The writing is amazing and the acting is above average. A wonderful story that kept me guessing and playing. 10/10Music/Sound: Absolutely wonderful. The sounds and music do all they can to keep you 100 percent immersed in the game. 10/10Replayibility: I know I will be playing this game again to get the good ending. Also, its amazingly fun and scary. 10/10Overall: 49/50. A video game masterpiece. This is a must have in any steam library. You will love this game."
76561198207079312,Recommended,286690,26572412,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Crumpits and Cheese,"Excellent game. Good story, and challenging but not too challenging. Also, Works great even on lower end Pcs."
76561198012237479,Recommended,286690,26608873,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Make America G.O.A.T. Again,"I prefer this one to the original Metro - now stealth is actually viable without forcing you to be some kind of MLG♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wizard. Maybe I'm just a scrub, but somehow I didn't like not being able to kill quietly and reliably in melee.The game can get unforgiving, but it's worth it - the atmosphere, survivalism, constant tension, and excellent gun controls make it one of the best modern FPSs in the market. Get it."
76561198187723331,Recommended,286690,26627359,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Casin,"An absolutely amazing game with good graphics, amazing story and gameplay. I bought it because I was sick of the high intensity games I was playing and wanted a bit of a break, i saw this game on sale and brought it. I had no expectations for it and it was the best $10 i've ever spent. (I bought it and Last light in a bundle)"
,Recommended,286690,26614596,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,they talk about my bot frags,"I've finally completed this game and decided to edit my review for this game. First off, this game has such amazing graphics and atmosphere for a 2014 game, and the often 'open the door' type of jumpscare are pretty satisfying, alongside with the eerie music and the sense of lonliness which creeps up on you until you just keep on praying that you will meet someone soon.However, the downside of this game is the gamma, which of course has to be turned down to get the best experience, but this is not just a 'horror' game, but also a FPS game, and they are also humans we are supposed to take out, so I do not recommend bringing your gamma really down, if not you will keep getting stuck at different chapters because you can't seem to find the last guy but he was right infront of you the whole damn time. Also, the saving system sucks, honestly. Checkpoints are not areas that you autosave at, they are just a save place where you will respawn at when you die, but if you ever decide to leave the game, you will most probably go all the way behind and have to replay all over again, because as of now; all I know is that a legit save point is after you complete a chapter; which is soooooo annoying. The FOV for this game is like 90 as well, and there is no way to change it; which made the game really difficult for me as I'm not used to low FOV. Overall, it is a really fantastic game with lots of intense moments & stealth actions. Discount or not, this game is a must buy for any horror fanatic.Do take note of the gamma level like I said and also the sensitivity, one single bar can make a huuuuge difference, but overall this is a fantastic game; just a couple of flaws, but it's too late to solve them now. I managed to snatch this game & it's sequel(Metro: Last Light)as a bundle for 50% off, so you should do the same too unless you are really desperate for this game. I'm rating this 7/10"
76561198014242486,Recommended,286690,20689376,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Polifimia,"Based on the acclaimed sci-fi book Metro 2033 (Redux) manages to create a unique very dark post-apocalyptic atmosphere. Whether under the earth in confined metro tunnels or on the polluted and destroyed surface you have always the feeling of being hunted, of fighting constantly against the odds.*Definitely reccommended* for anyone who loves dark, survival horror, sci-fi games.Pros:+ unique atmosphere+ attention to detail+ faithful to source material (one of the best sci-fi books ever written)+ many interesting NPCs+ amazing music and sound effects+ some epic moments+ many different modes and gameplay possibilities (from stealth to gun-blazing)Cons:+ I would love to have more interaction and spend more time in the settlements in the metro stations+ shooting part is perhaps not the best feature. I love the game experience as a total much more than the action part (I got the same impression from first Bioshock)+ sometimes AI is strange+ rail parts are perhaps too generic.As a final note I wish that a MMO or RPG game (in the spirit of Witcher) comes out based on the super rich universe of the Metro."
,Recommended,286690,16608592,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Very good game. Like deep feeling of Mother Russia.PROS1. Realistic CombatI was very awed by the way the monsters moved in combat. The movements looked fluid as opposed to combat in Half Life, where the fight between characters are very ""blockish"" or ""robotic"". E.g. The watchers attacking Bourbon and Artyom while moving to Riga Station.2. Interactive BackgroundIt is amazing to see the demons fly around in the background and see them swoop into the active zone. Compared to other games, where the background is just an unending cinematic loop, this provides a sense of realism. E.g. The demons flying around Moscow.3. Moral PointsIt is interesting to note that there are points that will affect your morals in this game. While it is not explicitly shown, it is a good guide to note.4. TrapsHoles in the ground, tripwires, hidden cans. All these traps make the game so much more exciting.5. SneakingThere are some occasions where you can sneak by and avoid combat totally. This really gives the game variety. If you don't want to, you can fight.6. StorySome Cthulu-like parts included. Very interesting. The dream modes don't really make a lot of sense but it is an interesting aspect.CONS1. MovementFollowing characters around is not smooth. E.g. Bourbon leaving Exhibition to use the tunnels. He will walk to a point and rotate about that point before continuing his walk.2. GunsVery crappy. For a country that makes tons of weapons, it is strange that their post-apocalyptic nightmare will have such rudimentary weapons like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You would think that their technology would at least be in the 21st century, not Cold-War era.3. Repetitive modelThe adults look the same. In 2 different zones, the children scribble on the floor wearing the same clothes. Very boring.4. Lousy TutorialsTutorials not teach you how to use the sticky grenade or the knife throw.5. Confusing situationsThe scenario in the hidden subway with the child ghost was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Every other spider web in the game can be pushed through, yet this scenario requires you to turn on your lighter to burn the web. There are no hints to use fire and people are known to get stuck at this particular scenario.6. The gas mask.How does it change the game? The only difference is an annoying ""Press T to change the filter"" and minor cracks in your mask to simulate damage taken."
,Recommended,286690,26572605,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pervy Sage,Extremely immersive and chilling. The enviornment in this game especially in the darker areas is enough for me to have to pause for a bit and relax. This is not an easy game by any means and you have to be wise about where and WHEN you go. The AI isn't very forgiving and the quality of guns is rather low until you can afford to upgrade them so you have to be smart. I fully recommend this. Especially since its a redux. Fun game!
,Recommended,286690,26636448,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cy-Knight_118,"Very tense atmospheric survival FPS. I'm not a big fan of single-player FPS games, but this is very well done. Playing on hardcore with no HUD is very chilling and exciting. Although the stealth seems a bit bare, it is more free-form and still possible to get through most levels without being seen, and being on the surface is a terrifying experience every time."
,Recommended,286690,29712382,Posted: 4 February,all,SherryDragonair,"i mess up the stealth and have to kill a guy whose family was waiting for him T_T10/10 *A Gem Crafted love*This game is a masterpiece , the crashes and bugs can be overlooked by looking at the great amout of work put into it, weather it is the visual asthetics or the soundtrack with the beautiful blend of story telling,*i haven't read the novels yet*Bathesda and 4a games both show their own versions of the apocolypse, this version however is much more belivevable and feels different, fresh, it also shows the humans will remain humans and how even in within we care of love..if everyone in the world played this game they would understand the human nature betterA MUST PLAY"
,Recommended,286690,19742391,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Constantine,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The redux is worth it. It's not so linier like COD. But has nice exporation and awsome action. It's just sweet as hell. Really an amazing story. I hope this game lives on as one of the best game series.
,Recommended,286690,30647364,Posted: 20 March,all,SoundDriver,"This game will challenge you at times to the point of making you curse out loud; eventually, you figure out what must be done progressing through the story line. When all is said and done, you wish you hadn't played the game because now you know too much. The story takes you in and along with it - just enough to keep you looking, but not enough to cloud your sight. Haven't played a game this good in a long time and suffered what amounts to separation anxiety after completing it, guess I wanted to play more.The price, content, gameplay and narration all makes this game a title deserving of any library belonging to those whom like action, mystery, sci-fi and suspense. Can't recommend Metro 2033 Redux enough!"
,Recommended,286690,30690138,Posted: 23 March,all,Draconic_Kid,"A must-have title in any gaming collection, being true to form for both the novels and the horror-survival genre. Gameplay is impressive, and very rewarding for the mostParanoidobservant of players. Try Hardcore Ranger mode for the most entertaining experience!"
,Recommended,286690,28366142,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,\/\/!ll!,"In soviet russia, gasmask kill you"
,Recommended,286690,29495337,Posted: 25 January,all,KaRuPt420,Just finished the game on Survival. This has to be one of the top 10 games in my Library. Great game hands down and cant wait to delve into last light now.
,Recommended,286690,22306441,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dead,"If you haven't bought it, buy it.If you have and are wanting to know what I think of it, why are you reading my review when you should be playing the game?The game is set in a post-apocalyptic russia after a nuclear war. The result of said war left the surface a iradiated♥♥♥♥♥♥hole, and left anyone that survived in metro tunnels, thus the name. During the game you will experience ammo shortages, mutated beast packs, and radiation on the surface that you need to keep getting filters for your mask to deal with. The programmers even went out of their way to make small details that make it badass, such as, wiping your mask when it gets covered in blood, and a stealth mechanic. They then made it so that instead of dollars, you buy weapons (that are completely upgradable) with military-grade ammunition, these bullets can also be used in a fight, they do more damage than normal bullets. (badass mechanic) Then they made the world dark as ♥♥♥♥, (The Witcher level) there are mass graves, plagues, dying children, hookers, drunks (sometimes abusive), and other things of that nature.Although there are a few problems too. For one, the protagonist is completely silent (except for loading screens), so you are left with people asking you something and they get no answer whatsoever. Lore is not really explained in detail, but it is there. Some enemies are ♥♥♥♥ing sacks of♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Demons, they pick you up and throw you down nonstop, and they are a ♥♥♥♥♥ to kill)Other than those minor reasons, the game is perfect.9/10 BUY IT"
76561198117807809,Recommended,286690,33072811,Posted: 1 July,all,Red,Kills wounded commies11/10 never regret
,Recommended,286690,23079425,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,riletyface,"This game is one of the best post-apocalyptic story driven games out there at the moment. It's very dreary and puts you into the shoes of a young man that can change the fate of humanity; or what's left of it. The game impressed me quite a lot, and I really got absorbed in it. It's depressing, scary, rewarding and atmospheric. 9/10."
,Recommended,286690,33904065,Posted: 30 July,all,Lyserberg,"It starts slow. So you might have to tune your expectations regarding the beginning section. If you get past it, that's when all the fun starts."
,Recommended,286690,30589205,Posted: 18 March,all,doggomaster,"great game in general, can be a little confusing at times"
,Recommended,286690,28810488,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sizzle,recmomend for goOd! (Y)
,Recommended,286690,31992942,Posted: 27 May,all,Norcla,"Metro 2033 is a fun, easy-to-pick-up single player shooter experience. The story is quite simple (a 'coming-of-age' story in a post-apocalyptic world) and it captures what it could be like when a nuclear even occurs and remnant of humanity is forced to live underground.Combat is pretty straightforward - left-click to shoot and right-click to aim down sights - with a simple stealth mechanic (i.e. enemies will not see you if your watches 'visibility indicator' isn't lit up).The story is linear but has some intense moments. In the Metro 2033 world, humanity isn't the apex predator, so there's a lot of hide-and-seek and survival segments. It also presents moments where you debate the morality of your choices.I recommend this game, but get this on the cheap.8/10"
,Recommended,286690,18139779,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Boreal Neva,"This is the first time I have ever been immersed in a first person shooter before. It was an incredible experience, and I definitely recommend playing the game on survival mode for that extra ""Unf"". 11/10"
,Recommended,286690,30766299,Posted: 26 March,all,diveN,"9/10 ""This game basically broke my singleplayer virginity""Got shot in the face broke my gas mask, stabbed some dudes nan and took theres.+The gun play in the game is insanely fun+Graphics are sexual+Gun modding+1st singleplayer game ive completed since 1963+Even without russian dialogue could still hear ""rush b and ♥♥♥♥♥.""+Ammo and gasmask filters are more valuable than medkits, atleast on the difficaulty i played.Would give a 10/10 if not for these.- The game lacks hints you have to find out everything by yourself including what your equipment does and how to use it.- The currency in the game is bullets which you can load into your rifles as a substitute which is cool but the game doesnt tell you that you are shooting your currency atleast i wasnt aware.- wish there were more humans/nazis to kill found that the most enjoyable part of the game"
,Recommended,286690,29418267,Posted: 22 January,all,Generalul Andrei,Nice atmosphere!Very good music.Very good gameplay.A few scary jumps.Voice acting is very good.A few graphical bugs but does not matter.9/10
,Recommended,286690,28393022,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MysticVaultBoy,"Very good storyline, good graphics, nice gameplay, everything was awesome! I'm waiting for the third game!"
,Recommended,286690,26791134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DesTM,The best game with russians charecters in it.
76561198046821778,Recommended,286690,28781871,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Turtle,"This game is so good and for the price i felt like a thief , stealing games"
,Recommended,286690,16479301,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr L1ghtn1ng,A valuable remake that makes the original Metro 2033 feel complete on PC.Metro 2033 Redux is Moscow's underworld at its bestPros+ Stealth Action Added+Graphics 10/10+Tougher Difficulty / Improved AI+Fantastic atmosphereCons :-Lame AccentsOverall :RecommendedOne Of the Intense FPS Survial Horror Played....
,Recommended,286690,18621445,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Orb,"Pros:-Better graphics-Same good story-Stealth works-Same interesting characters-Better optimized-Survivor and Spartan modes-Not having to buy the same gun, for its attachmentsNitpicks:-The notes you find are all Artyom's notes, which doesn't make much sense-The Nosalises don't look as scary-Some textures don't look better than the originalCons-Still not optimized that well-Isn't as atmospheric as the originalIf you own the original, I wouldn't recommend buying this at full price.  Regardless, it's still worth purchasing."
76561198000327450,Recommended,286690,12947654,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Strychn9ne,"This remaster is excellent! I played the original through once, and absolutely loved it. But I found that there were a few things that could have been done better, such as the view through your gas mask which became hard to see through after a few minutes, and the UI and inventory seemed a bit rough around the edges. With this version, they basically used the UI from Metro Last Light and applied it here. It looks like a slighty refined Metro Last Light, but with the 2033 story and setting, which is exactly the same as the original. I believe they used the Metro LL engine, and basically revamped the lighting and texture detail a bit. The graphics are of course incredible as is Last Light, and is hugely better than the original 2033, especially in the texture side of things.On the performance side, the game runs very well. 4A really, really knows what they are doing in the optimization department as well as the eye candy department! Framerates are smooth and steady and there are enough visual options to tweak so that lower end systems should also run this well (Another complaint I had about the original 2033 was the lack of options to tweak). I set it exactly as I had the original Last Light settings and it runs pretty much identically as that game did. I'm running an FX 8320 @ 4.2 GHz and an R9 280X @ 1170MHz with 8 GB DDR3 1866 RAM. I run all settings maxed except Tesselation, which is set to high. V-Sync is enabled, too. I'm not sure of my exact average FPS but there is no lagging or glitching and it looks very smooth. The game has not crashed or showed signs of any problems at all.4A did an excellent job with this remaster. I am very happy with this game and also happy to support a top notch developer like them. This game was worth every penny! If you enjoyed the original, you'll enjoy it even more in this form, definitely worth a replay. If you haven't yet played it, then don't hesitate to grab the Redux version!"
76561198137894113,Recommended,286690,22945322,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SaulGoodman,"THIS GAME!!!!! Let me just say that this game will keep you sitting, it can scare the fricken♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you sometimes but it just adds to the experience. The graphics at max are absolutely incredible and the story line is very deep and suspensful. This game is very original compared to other FPS's to. I highly recommend, 100/10 easily."
76561198008239514,Recommended,286690,19092533,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bamboozle,all time classic. A must play for every gamer!
,Recommended,286690,33536363,Posted: 14 July,all,Astphr,Most immersive game i have ever played. (also atmosphere was so good)
76561198093313794,Recommended,286690,33743807,Posted: 23 July,all,P.A. S.T.A.L.K.E.R.,"To get the best experience while playing this game change the language spoken to russian and put english subtitles.Graphics 10/10Russian voice acting 10/10Gameplay 7,5/10Slavness 100/10"
,Recommended,286690,26804689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Manwe,Best postapocaliptic game. I love every setting of this and enjoyed all the campaign. Playing on Hunter without HUD its the best way to play it.
76561198064163240,Recommended,286690,24168264,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Commander Turtle,"Do you want a S.T.A.L.K.E.R. like experience without dealing with 2 FPS, constant crashes and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gun physics? Then look no further. The Metro series is one of the best FPS games out there.Pros:- Very atmospheric and tense- Gun play is solid- Graphics are outstanding- Very well optimised- A little bit of horror thrown in- Great story (although read the Metro 2033 book to understand your surroundings more)- Stealth is executed wellCons:- A.I. (for humans and mutants) is not the best in the world, but it better than most games- Navigation system is a little vague, but common sense overcomes this- Stealth is pretty much the only way to go if you enable 'Ranger' (not bad if you like stealth)Mixed feelings:- Very Linear (not much exploration) although most of it takes place underground, so it is not like you are going to explore a city.- Ammo scarcity; however, it should be this way. I am just putting this out there for people who like to go gun ho.Verdict:Even with the Cons in consideration, this is still vastly superior, in terms of gameplay, story and graphics, to CoD or Battlefield but to fully understand what situation the people are in, you need to read the book as it fills in many gaps and areas where it is not as well explained.8/10"
76561198186987506,Recommended,286690,31770643,Posted: 15 May,all,SadBoy,"ЭЙ, АРТЁМ, ЭЙ АРТЁМ. Отличная игра, выбор концовок, дефецит патронов, вообще огонь!"
,Recommended,286690,24477637,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,I'M IN CHARGE NOW,S.T.A.L.K.E.R - 2
,Recommended,286690,34263865,Posted: 15 August,all,Penclick,I'm an Artyom.
,Recommended,286690,16576697,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,meacod,"If you are looking at getting this for Mac, and you do not have a windows partition on your machine, DO NOT BUY.I have a late 2013 rMBP 2.3GHz i7 and unfortunately the game runs like an absolute pig. Have uninstalled and will hope that it runs a lot better on the Boot Camp partition.Really disappointing because otherwise it looks like a very good game."
,Recommended,286690,16800035,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Metroranger,10/10  gamemelee librarians and demonsdied  5 - 10 timewent on a ten man knock out streakbest game ever
,Recommended,286690,34165497,Posted: 11 August,all,slyse ksyki,Very good game. A litlle bit scary especially when you are in library. I recommend it.(I played offline so thats why only 3h)
76561198030367556,Recommended,286690,34206711,Posted: 12 August,all,MyKey,"Metro 2033 has been one of my favorite games so far that have been story driven. I rarely tend to play story driven linear games, my prefrence being towards open world games or strategy games, but this game took my intrest. I've played it through twice now (even though I said I wouldn't after finishing the library) and I have to say I love it.The main reason for this is atmosphere, the game really puts you into the universe with ease and it makes you truly care for just about every character, and makes you feel as Artyom does throughout the game. On top of that the game makes you truly think as playing on Ranger mode is not forgiving at all for mistakes.With this said there a few problems.The Library mission can not be ignore as one of the most difficult, terrifying, and infuriating moments of the game. Even though this breaks immersion, I highly highly suggest you look up a walkthrough of this section, if you dont wish to, dont say I didnt warn you but I will tell you this as it isnt made obvious anywhere as far as I've been able to tell.In the first section look at them and do not move until theyve turned to walk away, and if they dont turn to walk away walk out of their way, they shouldnt attack you although, trust me, be on your guard. In the second section (where you see the black librarian which isnt a spoiler) try to stay stealthy, there is very little room to manuver in these areas, and the librarians are significantly more hostile. I can't not explain how long this section can take if you do not do this.The next bit is the endings. The endings themselves are fantastic, both are very intresting and make you think upon your actions, however, there are problems. The way you get the moral points (which is an amazing system and much better than the simple choose x or b for good vs bad ending) is difficult to understand and can be extremely frustrating. There have been occasions where doing everything right has given people the bad ending (although dont be mad thats the one following the canon).Its also very aggravating that the ending isnt more clear on what to do,if you have enough moral points to get the good ending, you will be given 20 seconds before the missile impact, before it hits 0 shoot the laser designator, thats the only way to get the good endingThe final thing is that the game is in some cases buggy. I do not know how problematic this is for other people, but near the end when you are moving through the watchmen herd in the tunnel, I have experienced a bug where it will spawn a watchman on me and that will instantly kill me, if this happens go back to the main menu and restart the mission. I havent found a fix to this.Outside of these problems I have immensly enjoyed the game and began reading the book because of it  (which is different enough to the game to make them both extremely intresting), as well as create a similar design for kiev metro. I can not recommend this game higher, and I have even bought this game for friends for them to enjoy. All in all a totally worth while purchase."
,Recommended,286690,33823338,Posted: 26 July,all,gort,"Amazing game, amazing story, amazing music YOU WILL enjoy this title.yes i could reccomend this very much!"
,Recommended,286690,29212203,Posted: 12 January,all,Erik Fehrenic,"Compared to the Book, the Story got dumbed down and enriched with more Shoot n´ Loot. You can´t really judge the game for it, otherwise it would be you walking through dark, boring tunnels for hours...The Atmosphere in this Game is dense, and that´s what I like it for. Best played with lowest possible Gamma Setting (then suddenly AI doesn´t seem this dumb and blind anymore) for extra authenticity and difficulty."
,Recommended,286690,29261207,Posted: 14 January,all,Brolius,"A thrilling journey throughout a devastated RussiaMetro 2033 Reduxis one of those games you want to play again, and no doubt of why. You see yourself inmersed on a post-apocalyptic Russia, on the verge of extinction, so you join a bunch of Russians with the single objective to wipe out the entiredark onespoblation throughout the metro - the place everyone lives on.This game has an incredible story - based on the Metro 2033 book -, great graphics (since this is the Redux version), awesome gameplay, great scenarios and level design, awesome creatures and demons and stuff. It has pretty much every element you wish on an fps-horror game, and so much more.Metro 2033 Redux delivers hours of intense gameplay that will make you enjoy every second you spend on it. This game is a must have and you should buy it right now (buy the bundle)."
,Recommended,286690,18282995,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Crimson Executioner,"Metro is a great game.  I'm a big fan of this game because of the fright effect.  It's very intese at some parts when you're alone in a dark, quiet cave.  I've had a few problems getting the story to work.  Either the story came across an error and didn't know how to continue, or maybe it's up to the player and the way was too complicated to just figure out.  Other than that, it's a great gsme.  Great graphics, great story, very solid game.9/10"
76561198130455702,Recommended,286690,32844692,Posted: 26 June,all,Urizen,"If you ever wanted a spiritual successor to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series (short of veles detectors and artifacts), this is the game you want.If you are the type who rushes through the story and then throws away the game, then this game wont be quite as enjoyable.P.S. Even if you are on the first playthrough try playing on Survival / Ranger difficulty. It is quite an experience."
76561198055301342,Recommended,286690,16456108,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lighter357,Great game! Really enjoy it! Havent played a FPS this good in a long time.
76561198140331175,Recommended,286690,33089674,Posted: 1 July,all,everydayawesome,"just play it, dont read these coments. Just start it up right now and try it for yourself."
,Recommended,286690,32641494,Posted: 22 June,all,Moen,Great game.
76561198112055059,Recommended,286690,18201342,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Gonzbai,"I've just finished the game. The story was great, although I've got the BAD ENDING. Game play was good. It's kinda frustrating though when your fighting with a horde of monsters, but that's part of the experience. This is NOT a walk in a park shooter! It will really test you patience because of the difficulty.The only downside of this game are the crashes that I've experience. Kind of sad that its been more than a year after its release, these crashes still exist and not had been fix.Despite these flaws, I still recommend this game if you can go around with the crash issues.Update: With the latest update. I've not encountered any crashes anymore."
,Recommended,286690,18447309,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Slayve,"The only thing I knew about this game going into it was that it was by some of the team who made STALKER. I hadn't played that game because it's not really my type of thing, so I was hesitant about Metro. It turns out, though, that Metro is really more like Bioshock than STALKER, which suits me just fine. The English translation is sometimes pretty bad, I encountered a few bugs (the worst of which was getting stuck in a wall and having to reload a checkpoint), and the way the story is conveyed can be pretty ham-handed. That being said, the developers do a great job of world building. Between the art design and overheard conversations, the environment does most of the storytelling, and it does it quite well. It's always refreshing to play a game made by a non-American developer, especially when, like Metro, their game presents their culture instead of just trying to mimic American culture.As for the mechanics of the game, there are some interesting weapons, the most original of which are the pneumatic weapons that require you to pump them occasionally to keep the air pressure topped off. There are also a couple of unique enemies, the best of which is the Librarian, a monster who won't attack you as long as you look him in the eye. And then there's the gas mask mechanic, which requires you to wear a gas mask when you are outside the Metro tunnels. The masks require filters, which need to be replaced after five minutes, so going outside the tunnels creates a nice tension. The action is tight and exciting, and there are a number of different difficulties to suit your preferred playstyle. I wasn't particularly satisfied with the way the story wraps up, but I thoroughly enjoyed the journey and look forward to playing the sequel, Metro: Last Light."
76561198153430794,Recommended,286690,18271921,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,justindiv,I'm a bit of a late-comer to the Metro series. I'm really happy I finally played through it though. I found it extremely enjoyable and relatively challenging on Ranger Mode. It's nice to play a story-driven FPS in a world of multiplayer shooters. I would definitely recommend playing both of the games in order.
,Recommended,286690,18482099,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gubs,"It's a setpiece hallway shooter, but goddamn if it isn't the best hallway shooter I've ever played. This is the perfect example of quality over quantity when compared to something like Fallout or S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Both great games in their own respect, but as far as level design or atmosphere goes, neither come even close."
,Recommended,286690,14305606,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[SDP] Arthrax,"AWESOME! Great story! Superb game play! This is a most play/have for ANY and ALL shooter fans. It's incredible from start to finish. It didn't feel repetitive, had unique challenges and the story/writing was some of the best I've seen in a shooter. Makes me want to go red the book now. I'm looking forward to playing the sequel next! I highly recommend this game.10/10 Graphics9.5/10 Gameplay (there was one frustrating moment where you can't get through some cobwebs without using your lighter... i tried a fire grenade before that and it should have cleared the way, but it didn't. So I thought it was glitched. That's the only prob or time I had to look it up online to see how to get through.9.5/10 Sound and voice acting A+. (I'd give it a 10/10 if my character would have talked back. Your character doesn't respond. It's like he is a mute... lol but still it's ok and doesn't ruin the experience. But I personally would have liked to have a voice. That was just the art direction they chose and it did work well. But it felt awkard when they would ask me questions and I couldn't respond.)10/10 Challenge and Non Repititive game play"
,Recommended,286690,28455603,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"A fantastic FPS which pullsno punches. You're either out of ammo, out of air or out of luck. Literally scraping through levels on the skin of your teeth, hanging on the edge of your seat wondering what terrible atrocity awaits around the next corner. A solid game and a great read too if you ever fancy picking up the book.9\10"
,Recommended,286690,30762938,Posted: 26 March,all,Shnek,Needs more tracksuits.
,Recommended,286690,14963870,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,URMarty,"Pros:+Story-  An amazingly well crafted environment and atmosphere with a great story, one of the best post-apocalyptic games out there.  Explore the metro and it's darkest secrets!+Gameplay-  Some of the maps are not linear, and there is mostly quite a few ways to beat the level, can go with stealth or lethal takedowns, also guns blazing.+Redux- A great technical improvement over the original which was removed from Steam store, the new version of 4A engine performs a lot better than the old one. Also fixed my weird stuttering issue from original!+Monsters- Not zombies, more like mutants, some may have supernatural abilities!+Enviroment- Not only you get to explore huge Russian metro system but you will also explore the Dead City!+Awesome Devs-Awesome devs, they work on Metro Exodus now! <3Cons:-Difficulty- Even the hardest difficulty in the game is kind of easy, no modding support to fix this.Updated 09/05/2017The game is definitely worth it! You probably won't regret playing it.Pretty much the same as myMetro: Last light Redux review."
76561198299523277,Recommended,286690,24220044,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,egs234,"Great experience. Downloaded it expecting more of a Fallout 3, open-world type game. It is not that, the story arc follows clear levels and there is no deviation from those levels. Was not a disappointment, as the game and story and environments are masterful."
,Recommended,286690,32979440,Posted: 29 June,all,zigbomb,"The Redux version is the ultimately superior version with enhanced visuals and gameplay mechanics compared to the first. I still think the first got some of the lighting down better, but nontheless, it's a solid title."
,Recommended,286690,28343245,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"First off, if you've played any of the STALKER games, I guarentee you'll enjoy Metro 2033.The wonderful thing about Metro more than anything is its atmosphere. It maintains the constant dread looming over everything as people scratch out a measly existence years after nuclear war in the metro tunnels beneath Moscow. The characters are interesting, getting small but satisfying helpings of their lives as you make your way through the metro tunnels in order to find some way to save your home. Along the ways you'll be treated to Russian horror in fine detail. A decent above the bar stealth system, good combat and situations that will leave you sweating as you fend off mutated animals, bandits and factions of people still fighting long after the war ended.Pros:-Movement feels like it has weight, gives a unique feel to the game-Atmosphere is evrything here-A modest amount of good characters you encounter through your journey-The Redux has excellent graphics, in spite of some taxing areas on your fps-Guns feel good here, they have their uses in situations and finding rare weapons can be rewarding-Rewarding exploration of levels with plenty of nooks and crannies to search out-Good selection of difficulties and a survival mode for a real harsh experience-Secret but provoking alternate ending-Excellent replay valueCons:-Game is a bit taxing in some areas, even with anti-aliasing turned off-Different armors were removed in the Redux version (heavy armor and light armor)-It's a bit short, pushing just over seven hours on normal difficulties-Enemy AI is kind of dumb-Frames per second can be choppy in certain environments-Stealth system doesn't seem to have much of a rewardOverall, this is a very good game worth it's playtime, especially if your into survival-horror or just a good story heavy shooter. If you do get it, I recommend getting it bundled for the $30(USD) because the second game, Metro: Last Light is just as good as Metro 2033.Here are my pc's specs for comparisonMS-7850Intel Core i5-4670k CPU 3.40GHz (4CPUs) overclocked @ 4.3GHz12288MB RAM (12GB)EVGA Nvidia GeForce GTX 960Native resolution of 1600x900First playthrough on a GTX 660 which required medium settings across the board, anti-aliasing off, @ 1600x900 resolutionSecond playthrough on a mentioned GTX 960, @ 1080 scaled to 1600x900"
76561197979980914,Recommended,286690,27030216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zane500,Gg
,Recommended,286690,19113524,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,zev,it's like fallout but with less bugs and more russians10/10
76561198127303387,Recommended,286690,26040302,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jub,"Fisrt game I've ever got 1000 gamerscore in, planning on doing it again"
,Recommended,286690,34774999,Posted: 6 September,all,𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑳𝒊𝒄𝒉 𝑲𝒊𝒏𝒈,"Although the game is a little old, by dating a 2014 release, the game is still a lot of fun. It does not have a difficult mechanic or even a more complex understanding especially for those who do not know English.[HISTORY]Without spoiler. The story is interesting, it engages you and you want to understand why everything has had a consequence. It happens in Russia where the humans were forced to leave the surface and now take refuge in tunnels (meters), consider the meters as their home and protect it, fight for it. All the problems that humanity already possessed, mainly social and political, are still in the subway. In addition to having to worry about the safety of the people you love within the subway against the evils there, you should also be concerned with what inhabits the surface.[MECHANICS AND GENERAL]The mechanics of the game are simple but enjoyable to play. In general, I found some bugs but nothing that could disrupt my gameplay. In about 10 hours you can clear the game, but I know you have another final, I intend to play later to see this."
76561198001776842,Recommended,286690,34801881,Posted: 7 September,all,Banshee [HUN],"7/10 the game is really good but has some issues that keep it from being great.There are many small touches that make the world engaging, like overheard conversations, the fact that many of the weapons are cobbled together from spare parts and that you have to wipe the gore off your gasmask if you encounter an enemy up close.At the same time, the game is marred by frequent clipping issues and graphical glitches. On one memorable occassion a flying ""demon"" mutant swooped down to carry off an NPC, but they got stuck in one of the car wrecks littering the ground and froze comically mid-air.A couple of concepts aren't telegraphed very well. There is one point in the game where your progress is blocked by mysteriously inpenetrable spiderwebs and you're supposed to bring out your lighter to burn them away - something the game never tells you and is never encountered again. Another time a key piece of dialogue failed to play properly leaving me without vital information for dealing with a particular type of bullet-sponge enemy - if you maintain eyecontact they leave you alone. These and other frustrating moments had me Alttabbing our of the game to check guides which is never a point in a game's favor!And finally, the game has a good ending and a bad ending based on tiiiiiny moral choices you make along the way, which is in no way telegraphed! Unlike many games you can steal everything that isn't nailed down (and let's face it, especially on higher difficulties you'll be scrounging for every piece of equipment and ammo that you can get your hands on), BUT the game counts that against you and can get you the bad ending even if you choose ""good"" in the obvious moral choices like refusing a reward for saving a child.TL,DR worth it for the experience, but be prepared to Google for solutions when you get stuck."
,Recommended,286690,19392707,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,unlucky lecherous lustful idiot,The graphics. Oh my.
76561198126625877,Recommended,286690,32877032,Posted: 27 June,all,jared,One of the best survival games I have played along side last light.
76561198122567010,Recommended,286690,34849425,Posted: 9 September,all,Hollow,"Amazing game with a really intense storya nd atmosphere, good gameplay and unique choices and scenarios 9/10 would recommend to anyone looking for a great adventure :)"
,Recommended,286690,33686978,Posted: 20 July,all,Bibbidge,Very nice story but gameplay is a bit short. I finished the game in 8 hours but went back for achievements.
,Recommended,286690,34875499,Posted: 10 September,all,Newikovfefe,"Great game, huge improvement to the original."
76561198098380683,Recommended,286690,16387398,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Julius,"my god,it even runs on a not high-end pc rather smooth and looks good!why cant every game be the same?its a real survival shooter thats scarier than most horror games in an interesting world.still cant belief its that good."
,Recommended,286690,18532428,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kevbwell,solid game but when in the library just remeber dont blink stand your ground if that fail run like hell
,Recommended,286690,34424883,Posted: 22 August,all,The Chef,"20/33 gameSee what i did there?But, all jokes aside, the story is amazing, amazing graphics, the weapon mechanics are good, characters are interesting.I just kinda wish it followed the story line from the Book, i think it would be much more longer and more interesting9/10 IGN"
,Recommended,286690,35042863,Posted: 18 September,all,Richy Boy,"Still a great immersive experience with added improvements to the optimisation, better stealth mechanics, better AI, better weapon handling and response.They have also included some of the best elements from Last Light such as the mask wipe, stealth system and weapon customisations.The original version was very buggy and crashed many times on my system, the redux takes away all these issues."
,Recommended,286690,19468790,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Marked One,"The redux acts as a graphics update, and a redo of the game itself on most fronts.First thing you should know is, it's definitely easier than the original version of 2033.  Whether that's a good or bad thing is up to you.Stealth has been revamped to match Last Light, so you can turn off lightbulbs without breaking them and stealth kill guards with melee, or knock them out.  A lot of people complain that the stealth is ""too easy"" but compared to the original 2033's ridiculously OP Helsing gun, it's really not too different, and you can always choose to sneak by without killing, or just use throwing knives if you want stealth like classic 2033.Combat's not too different.  Weapons can now be customized like in Last Light, and while it removes the chore of having to hunt down weapons variants, it kinda feels like some challenge is lost because if you have the MGRs you can basically just get your perfect weapon by the time you reach Market.Safes and keys have been added if you want some scavenger hunting for extra loot, and journal entries are there if you feel like more collectable-finding, but prepare for poorly translated novel excerpts.It's fairly easy to collect ammo and money, and you'll rarely run out unless you have zero self-preservation instinct.  The slightly easier nature makes me want to say this is easier suited for first-timers to 2033, but at the same time it might be better to play the original first.  It's up to you.All in all, nicely made remake, good looking and solid gameplay like the first.  And while it is arguably a bit easier, it doesn't make the gameplay any less fun or the story any less engaging."
76561198152315533,Recommended,286690,35102258,Posted: 21 September,all,tweek,"play this game on ranger .ive been gaming lightly for 4 years and this is by far the best game.great story , great look , great environment and feel .gameplay is fun n challenging with multiple endings through a surprisingly deep moral system.ultimate verdict: support 4a games and help this fantastic game grow"
76561198222093844,Recommended,286690,33793316,Posted: 25 July,all,Konane,"Fantastic game, i only wish i had read the books prior to playing."
,Recommended,286690,32212833,Posted: 5 June,all,Rᴀғɪᴋɪ,Really good game. Has a nice story and graphics aren't too bad either. Little scary at some parts for my liking but it was still an enjoyable experience. The game is very exciting for sure as you never really know what to expect. Definitely a great game and one that I would play through again.
,Not Recommended,286690,17876046,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,General Kass,"I would actually consider Metro Redux to be a straight downgrade to Metro: 2033 for a couple of reasons.#1. Controller support was thrown out the window and then run over by a truck.  Even though Metro:2033 was originally released for consoles as well, Redux doesn't have good controller support. There are only 3 configurations and none of them include gasmask, check the time, or battery charger (but they do include change gas-mask filter). How anyone could drop the ball this hard is really beyond understanding. All they had to do was keep the controls exactly the same and they screwed it up.#2. The voice acting.  In Metro:2033, everyone sounded sad or at least somber most of the time. Not so in Metro Redux. Artyom sounds like Steve Blum doing a Russian accent and none of the children sound right. I really can't think of any explaination why they had to change the voice acting at all when that was already fine.#3. Metro: Last Light rather than 2033. This is more personal preference. Even the main menu admits that Last Light and 2033 are different games, but even when you select the 2033 mode, the UI just feels different and not nessessarily in a good way. Personally, I found the ""shiny bullet""/""dirty bullet"" dynamic in 2033 more effective, but in Redux trying to buy something fills an 1/8th of your screen with an orange bullet with an ingot on it. This is especially noticable in Ranger Mode, because there is not even supposed to be a HUD.-The changes to the mutants are personal preference, but they are all Last Light. Nosalis went from giant mole creature to a Dead Space Monster. Demons went from fairly unique looking gargoyle monsters to Deathclaws with wings. Again, its personal preference, but I do prefer the original Demons.-Additionally, because it is working on the rules of Last Light, no matter if you play on Spartan or Survival mode, there is a binary stealth system. You are either stealthed in or stealthed out. For a game that was built as a stealth FPS, this is 100% unforgivable and reason enough on its own not to buy Redux.#5. Can't seem to run Metro:2033 since I installed Metro Redux. It might be totally unrelated, but since installing Metro Redux, Metro:2033 crashes every time it boots up."
76561198232585072,Recommended,286690,26327276,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Deets,"This is one of the best games I've ever played.  Great story, beautiful scenery, and one of the most belivable world of nuclear war. Not a shabby book either (also recommend). I'd play this game again just for the fun of it."
,Recommended,286690,34994912,Posted: 16 September,all,FlamingX21,"Graphics are oddly good, gameplay somehow too, story aswell. Ignoring the fact that some people over hype it a bit too much, I like it but it's decent."
,Recommended,286690,33424869,Posted: 10 July,all,JasonTodd,nice
76561198043268688,Recommended,286690,34650334,Posted: 31 August,all,ViolenchryS,good
76561198263906824,Recommended,286690,33505183,Posted: 13 July,all,mohanad,great story
76561198015017230,Recommended,286690,14771911,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Cyber Shadow,"Discount purchase review!I bought this in the bundle with Metro : LL Redux for $25 thanks to a great steam sale.I'm about half way through the game (I think) right now. I'm just after ""Defend/Child"".Short bullets :REALISM :- Gas/Nightvison goggles will be damaged (comprimised vison) if you wear them in combat- No automatic ammo pickups or reloads- You actually might need your flashlight in this, unlike other shootersGAMEPLAY (Good):- Definatly not your traditional ""Run-N-Gun"" game but far from boring. Two playable modes which can switch the game from it's classic ""Scavenege for bullets"" and stealth preffered feel, or make it more forgiving on ammo count with ""Spartan"" mode.- Heavy scavenging aspect, good if you're into looting every enemy you kill and searching for ammo ect.- Many different ways to stealth through enemy blockades, or just attempt to gun every enemy down if you have enough bulletsBAD :- Weak human A.I , Monsters are ok but they generally just swarm you anyways- Not so good level progession when it requires you to perform a specific action but you receive no instruction or hint from the game on what to do (Read below)- Forced Night Vision Goggles mode (bug? Read below)Upon entering that game, I noticed it was FAR different from any other shooter I've played. It does have some focus on realism. Putting on a Gas mask to avoid radiation, a game where you actually need your flashlight, No automatic reload, wiping blood off of said gas mask, no automatic ammo pickups, ect. It has a pretty high scavenging and looting feel to it, if you like searching every body, and looting safes you'll like the scavenging aspect to this. The graphics are super intense I was suprised to find out that I actually couldn't run it at ""Very High"" setting because it was too much for my graphics card, but It looks amazing in that mode if you have strong enough specs.This is definatly not a run-n-gun game, but fear not, it's far from boring. You CAN run-n-gun if you choose to play in the new ""Spartan"" mode, which makes ammo pretty common. But from what I hear in the normal mode ammo is more scarce and stealth is preffered. Speaking of the stealth system, it's pretty nice. Stay in the shadows, don't walk on any broken glass and avoid tripwire traps ect. You can stealthily take out enemies, or blow out the candles and sneak past them. However there is a downfall, the A.I are increadibly horrible at detecting you while you're not shooting at them. I crouched behind one Nazi gaurd and attempted to knock him out only to realize too late that he had full body armor on and I wouldn't be able to. He turned around with his flash light right in my face and shouted ""Who goes there?!"" I froze, I was practically kissing him but he didn't ""notice"" me. After a tense staring contest he soon mumbled somthing about seeing shadows and casually pushed me (no really, the game phsyically pushed me out of his way) and continued to walk past me. Now yes, this was in ""Spartan/Normal"" mode (Easy) but I mean come on, he should have detected me.Another thing I don't like is how the game just completetly leaves you to figure almost everything out on your own. I (like many others) had NO IDEA what to do when first following Khan and arriving in the train car full of impassable cobwebs. He just stood there and didn't tell me what to do. I thought that the game bugged and failed to load a script and rebooted it several times until finally watching a walkthrough on Youtube and finding out that you had to press M and take out your lighter and burn the cobwebs. The reason this is confusing is because you walk through TONS of other cobwebs throughout the game without needing to burn them, then suddently arrive at some that you MUST burn to pass but receiving no instruction or hint to do so. Litterally, Khan doesn't say ANYTHING when you get to this part. He just stands there and stares through the webs.Finally, I don't even know if this is a bug or not but, there are times when after you collect the night vision goggles you'll be FORCED to wear them durring some parts of the game. And no, not parts where they're usefull, infact quite the opposite. This is the whole reason I decided to write this review. This is absolutly rediculous. At some specific parts of the game, your character will put his NVG's on and you won't be able to take them off. I first encounted this durring the ""Trolly Fight"" level in which you use an turret on a moving rail car and shoot at enemies. The NVGs got forced on me and  I couldn't take them off for the whole level. Since the level isn't particually dark it was EXTREAMLY hard to aim at enemies because all I could see was big white blobs everywhere (fires, enemy flashlights, explosions, ect.) The NVGs are definatly NOT NEEDED in this level but the game forces you to wear them. I don't know if this is a bug or not, but I later encountered this when entering a ""town/outpost"". It once again forces me to wear the NVGs in a well lit environment making it hard to navigate. shop, ect.All in all, I do enjoy the game for providing me with a different kind of shooter experiance sperate from Call of Duty styled shooters. ....But that NVG thing is really starting to get on my nerves!I reccomend this game ONLY to people who do research and find out that this is not a Call of Duty type shooter. If you buy this game and expect Call of Duty action, prepare to be dissapointed. If you're looking for a shooter that isn't all about multiplayer and is a focused single player shooter with scavenging and atmosphere, try this out."
,Recommended,286690,17249023,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Locket,"Wow. Really great game, not perfect its flawed but I think its part of its charm in a way.The most impressive part of the game is the atmosphere and I think this is what people talk about the most when they talk about these games. The story is you have to get somewere to warn them of an impending threat. You move mostly through the metro from station to station and also above ground to get to were you need to be, there are other impressive sites too. This is what I love I mean the enviroments are really well crafted. You can literally smell the smoke and taste the vodka and walking through post apocalyptic Moscow with Mutants chasing you and demon things flying above trying to kill you ye pretty cool.There are incredibly memorable moments of running out of ammo, hiding in corners with only throwing darts surrounding yourself with fire bombs so the creatures cant get you from behind and scrapping through just getting a new gas mask before you suffocate. There are also frustrating moments of dieing continously before you can find the right way out but its all worth it.Its a fun ride other people will talk about the mechanics of the game etc I enjoyed it. It deserve its place among some of my favourite shooters, it has left a lasting feeling with me and now I want to read the books. Also feel the need for some more Russian games.Recommended."
76561198056186683,Recommended,286690,17422477,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,"The originals off putting faces, character designs, glitches, bugs, awful FOV, buggy stealth general lack of polish and bad optimization were huge hurdles I had to leap over back in the day the day when playing the original Metro 2033 but it was a game with an interesting story, richly detailed indoor environments, great interactive scripted sequences, immersive atmosphere, amazing monster designs and unique challenging gunplay. Replaying the original now is even when wearing a rose tinted gasmask is hard to enjoy.Metro 2033 Redux takes a good game and makes it into a excellent game. This is no Half-Life:Source which just dumps the old game into a new engine or takes a 32 bit application and makes it 64 bit. No. This is like Resident Evil's Remake. Unlike many a ""remaster"" The REDUX isn't a slight spit shine. It makes massive noticeable improvements and while also making the title more cohesive in regards to the Metro 2033/ Last Light canon as the improved, more detailed, memorable and recognizables designs of the factions and monsters Last Light incarnations have been brought to Metro 2033 redux. The bandits no longer wear stupid hockey masks and now look a lot more convincing too.It's like what Black Mesa did in regards to Half-Life except unlike Black Mesa Metro 2033 takes the original maps into the newer engine and only overhauls the maps that looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥ While I could be a little nit picky about slight tonal changes made with the lighting in certain environments these are just differences not downgrades. The visuals and performance far exceed the original which to this day still will give bad performance in certain areas and crash constantly. The outdoor environments were pretty last gen looking even in the visually impressive original but they've had HUGE changes made to them thay bring them back to life. Instead of just using higher res textures or higher poly renders of models to replace older ones they decided to keep the same layout but completley rebuild them. Artyoms original phoned in performance has been re recorded by Artyom newer Last Light voice actor.A few cutscenes that cut to third person have been rendered in engine in first person thus maintaining immersion AND keeping it true to the series style. The gameplay improvements from Last Light have also carried over. This is like if MGS 2 were re released with MGS 3's controls and movement as oppossed to doing something like Doom 3 BFG which just allowed the player to have a flash light on even when holding a weapon which was never possible in the original Doom 3. Stealth while a cool idea NEVER seemed to work properly in the orginal with an alert being sounded even after perfectly ghosting through an area. Stealth works properly now even if it is a little unconvincing that just being in the dark may keep you hidden. I prefer that to just having a guy see me through a wall and attempting to fire his way through it.Last Light changes aside you will need to save your ammo and canisters even more than you did in the original and Last Light as they haven't skimped out on the difficulty or hardcore modes. The one change I don't like is the menu but there I go nitpicking again."
,Recommended,286690,30742589,Posted: 25 March,all,⭑Flux⭑,Here's a tip. Spend all your money on mask filters.
76561197991591636,Recommended,286690,33312255,Posted: 6 July,all,RUM-Cajun Rabbit,"This is a fantastic game, the atmosphere it creates while playing it is stark and vivid in its telling.   You truely feel vulnerable on the surface, like an exposed mouse fearing everything wishing only to scamper back into the dangers of the tunnel that somehow feel safer.This game is Fun!!  its a great story and the controls are tight, making any death you earn your own... you know it was your mistake that got you killed.there is a wide variety of weapons you can use and each has its own feel and style, you can only carry 3 at a time, but they can be customized a bit.Overall id give this game 8/10(FPS)"
,Recommended,286690,25531204,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Atoro,this game is one of the best games i have ever played and it is definetly worth to buy and you should definetly get the bundle
,Recommended,286690,35278033,Posted: 28 September,all,Munsh,"Metro 2033 Redux es un juego de estilo post apocalíptico que esta centralizado en las vías subterráneas del metro en la capital rusa, Moscow, la historia se desenlaza alrededor de Artyom, un joven a quien le encomiendan entregar un importante mensaje al comandante Miller después de repetitivos ataques a su hogar por bestias del subterráneo y por una fuerza misteriosa.Visual:Quede sorprendido con lo increíble que se ve la superficie en esta versión remasterizada, hay un gran detalle en los edificios destruidos y desolados a tu alrededor mientras escuchas los aullidos y gritos de las bestias, la ventisca ya no se ve como si estuviera estática, tiene un movimiento fluido y constante, esto también se puede decir en cuanto al movimiento de los personajes, el subterráneo tiene una atmósfera profunda y sombría en donde sientes que son pocos en los que puedes confiar y que cualquier error en tu viaje te puede traer la perdición.Personajes:Considero bastante interesante como se relacionan las estaciones unas con otras, ya que algunas de las estaciones son independientes, mientras que otras hacen una unión para ver por el futuro de la humanidad, y otras se unen para tomar el dominio total. El juego hace un gran énfasis en este tema así que no vas a perderte nada, en especial si decides jugar las secuelas. Lamentablemente, Metro 2033 Redux no tiene muchos personajes memorables, y los que tiene, no vas a conseguir el suficiente tiempo para admirarlos ya que los personajes van y vienen a lo largo de la historia, algunas veces no llegas ni a conocer el nombre de la persona con la que estás hablando cuando prosigues con la historia.Enemigos:Ademas de los bandidos y las distintas facciones que quieren el dominio total, existe una pequeña variedad de bestias mutantes los cuales resaltan perfectamente con la atmósfera sombría que el juego proporciona, criaturas pálidas que vienen de la superficie para buscar alimento, mientras que al mismo tiempo escapan de un depredador volador que no solo tiene apetito por personas y en las profundidades mas oscuras del subterráneo se encuentran arañas con una mecánica única, al encontrarte con estas arañas, lo único que tienes que hacer es iluminarlas mientras te proteges las espaldas, ya que estas están tan acostumbradas a la oscuridad que cualquier tipo de luz les inflige daño, esto es algo que nunca había visto. Lo único que no me gusto fue la masa verde que te encuentras al final del juego, es algo muy simple.Jugabilidad:La jugabilidad es lo que mas resalta de este juego, ya que el juego te da varias opciones en las que puedes  progresar en el juego, puedes ser silencioso y pasar por los túneles sin que nadie te detecte o puedes arrasar con todo sin que nadie escuche un soplido, también puedes jugar al estilo Rambo y abrir fuego a todo el que se te ponga en frente.Esta clase de libertad es lo que hace que el juego sea tan bueno, ya que Artyom, tu personaje, solo es un joven que tiene que entregar un mensaje, el no esta involucrado con las facciones, no es un asesino, pero tampoco puede dejar que lo eliminen, asi que esta en ti decidir el futuro de las personas con las que te encuentras.Música:La música en este juego es excelente y se adapta muy bien a la forma en la que estas jugando. No se siente fuera de todo ni repetitivo, y puede llegar a aumentar el todo de suspenso en algunas partes.Historia:La historia se basa en entregar un mensaje que te encomienda Hunter, este mensaje era una petición de refuerzos para las orillas del metro en donde se encuentra el hogar de Artyom, ya que una fuerza misteriosa esta resultando ser una amenaza para la humanidad, al entregar este mensaje al comandante Miller, este hace una reunión para enviar refuerzos, pero la petición es negada por los conflictos recientes con las otras facciones, entonces Miller te envía en una misión con otros hombres para buscar la localización de una base perdida con el fin de encontrar una forma eficaz de eliminar la amenaza.Es una buena historia, la cual te da a entender que aun hay esperanza para la humanidad incluso en momentos de destrucción y desesperación.Veredicto:3/5La historia tiene sus fallas pero esto se compensa con la buena atmósfera que te proporciona y la gran atención en los detalles, aunque me hubiera gustado que Artyom tuviera algún dialogo ya que las únicas veces que habla es en medio de las pantallas de cargas y unos comentarios en algunos libros que te encuentras esparcidos en los capítulos, un dialogo directo con los personajes hubiera estado mejor en mi opinión."
,Recommended,286690,30695554,Posted: 23 March,all,Cake,"""People call them demons... I call them B I T C H E S""~Bourbon 2033"
,Recommended,286690,11939554,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,[GND] Jester,"This is the ultimate version of Metro 2033.  If you don't own the original, get the Redux without question.  Those who really loved the original should get Redux as well, especially on a sale.  Last Light's engine really increases the visual quality and performance of Metro 2033 Redux, and it benefits from having Last Light's mechanics and some of the new guns as well.  Stealth is also much better than the original.The biggest improvmenets have to be in the level design.  Pretty much every level was modified, some more heavily than others.  Dead City and Frontlines in particular offer a lot of new, amazingly detailed areas, following in the footsteps of Last Light.  This increases the length of Metro 2033 Redux to closer to 15 hours (opposed to 10-12 for the original) for those who play on a harder difficulty and really like to explore every inch of every map.  Several short chapters were also combined into one larger chapter.Be sure to play on Survival mode, on either Ranger or Ranger Hardcore difficulty.  Unfortunately Ranger Hardcore still has an invisible inventory which is just silly.  A few other things stand out as being awkward, like the new voices for children (which sound more like old women), glitchy textures that sometime appear abnormally low resolution, and the forced battle music which the original didn't have.  Also, the cinematic cutscenes are gone, in place of first-person ones so that the game is entirely in Artyom's POV like Last Light.So some small changes aren't desirable for everyone, but as a whole this is the ultimate version of Metro 2033."
,Recommended,286690,13736207,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"If you do not own the original Metro 2033, this Redux edition is literally a dream come true.As with Last Light Redux, this is essentially the original Metro game remade and drastically improved. Better sounds, graphics and effects, optimisation, and gameplay.Original Metro Review:Metro is awesome, bit repetitive, but awesome. Graphically, it's a beast too.Dark story, weird enemies, tense atmosphere, it reminded me a little bit of HL2.Another one of THQ's underrated games. Buy it!"
,Recommended,286690,14429714,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SW4NK1N,"This game is awesome, the rifle sway from wind on the surface ♥♥♥♥ed up my stealth kill an got me murded! Only complaint, is the shotguns! Just not a fan of the ones in this game..."
76561198198694089,Recommended,286690,32546261,Posted: 18 June,all,XVII century plague doctor,"THIS is a good game.The characters, the story, the lore....It was so goooodSome of the characters were just so ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,286690,35463189,Posted: 3 October,all,PhantomSoldier,"this is deffinetly better than than last light and i played that one first, i dont usually write reviews but the story had me emotioal at certain points unlike last light. This is an incredible game and series not much else to say 9-10."
76561197975067576,Recommended,286690,35451189,Posted: 3 October,all,Flammable,I would say the same for this game as for last light. It reminds me of hl2 and metal gear solid (ps1).
76561198241896162,Recommended,286690,30953903,Posted: 4 April,all,TheCrazedDog,good game worth the money
,Recommended,286690,33074389,Posted: 1 July,all,Chumpkins,"If it's hostile, you kill it."
,Recommended,286690,32956075,Posted: 28 June,all,Thomas The Pipe Engine,"Please not that I have only played an hour of this game.Its honestly beautiful. Even at the lowest graphic settings, I feel fully immersed in the enviornment. Based off what I have played so far, the story line is quite deep. Also I've sh!t myself at least 5 times while playing, so I'd recommend bringing a sh!t bucket, or extra pairs of erm- you know.9.9/10 fully immersive deep game.Also its on sale rn. So why the fuuuuck not?"
76561198063677400,Recommended,286690,30441801,Posted: 11 March,all,Koubiwan Kenobi,excellent jeu.pour les utilisateurs linux: le jeu ne fonctionnera pas avec les pilotes 378.XX il faudra utiliser les pilotes 375.XXFor Linux users the game will not work with 378.XX nvidia drivers please use 375.XX instead
76561198073508927,Recommended,286690,30697969,Posted: 23 March,all,akridslayer15,"This games is awesome, I completed it with both the good and bad missions and it is definetly playing it through both times. The story may be easy to miss the first time playing because you need to listen in on conversations and pick up your little notebook entries, but if you do the story is awesome! This is also a great shooter along with having a great story. The game is definelty worth the bundle with Metro Last Light (which has an easier story to follow and is even better) especially now while it is for sale. GET THIS GAME BUNDLED WITH LAST LIGHT."
,Recommended,286690,32921893,Posted: 28 June,all,no hej laska,nice game
,Recommended,286690,31170728,Posted: 15 April,all,JoeBoomz,"An awesome game, I was pleasantly surprised.  32 hours of enjoyment for under $6 on sale.  WOW.Take the post-apocalyptic environments like from Fallout, mix it with FPS sneaking and shooting like from Assassin’s Creed, and top it off with an awesome story and progressive levels like Half Life.14 hours on first playthrough, I was bit overwhelmed by the environments and controls, missed a lot of interesting stuff but did spend a bit of time exploring everything I could.  When I first started, the tutorial messages flashed up and from the screen so quickly that I didn't figure out how to recharge my flashlight until near the end of the game :)Upon finishing the game (both endings) on my first playthrough, I thought to myself ""that was fun, let's do it again.""  I can't remember any other game that I'd ever done that with before - so it says a lot about the entertainment value here!!!I played through the entire game again on a harder difficulty and on Spartan, which affects many of the game mechanics, and enjoyed it immensely, now that I knew my way around and understood it better.  I spent another 10-12 hours on the second run, then the remaining hours were spent chasing down achievements or sitting idly in the menus while paused doing something else.Metro 2033 has a fantastic story that draws you into it (on the same caliber as Half Life), lots of spooky levels to explore with varied and interesting enemies, many interesting scenarios to work your way through, and top-notch atmosphere, made up with terrific (and chilling) music, sound effects, voice acting, and detailed level design.Like Thief or Assassin’s Creed, you can fight your way through or sneak your way through much of the game – but what I like is that the game doesn’t necessarily force you to take a specific path.  It’s a thoughtful game with great soul, and is definitely worth the price of admission just for the story itself.   I’m looking forward to playing Last Light next.Try this one; you won’t be disappointed."
,Recommended,286690,33153550,Posted: 2 July,all,Ry0K3N,"I hated the original. This version fixes almost all of its problems, making this one of the best first person shooter experice i had.  Great graphics, great atmosphere and gameplay.Now lets see what Last Light have for me."
,Recommended,286690,32380551,Posted: 12 June,all,Slothisticated,"This was an awesome game. The post apocalyptic atmosphere is really unmatched in any other game. It's challenging, fun, scary, and satisfying. Well worth the price."
76561198026775451,Recommended,286690,33181997,Posted: 3 July,all,mathew,"Metro Redux (both of them) were a really nice game which i did enjoy much. storyline & graphics are pretty good, i can recall any glitches or bugs that would frustrate me like in other games.  This game is worth 15EUR anytime. if you do like FPS games and care for a story for buy the Redux Bundle! best deal ever."
,Recommended,286690,32264342,Posted: 8 June,all,FuryDaBeast,"Metro 2033 Redux stands out in its survival horror genre. From stunning visuals to its intense gameplay, Metro 2033 Redux gets an outstanding score of 9/10.The visual content in this game is one of the best I have seen. The amount of detail from start to finish is simply unbelievable. If I run the game at max settings, the main menu runs at 30 FPS on a GTX 1070. Why? As I said, the visuals from start to finish are simply amazing. I had to lower some post-processing settings in order to triple my FPS.One thing to note is that the game is very hard. A mistake I made was to first play the game on Hardcore difficulty - probably because I'm pretty experience in the first-person shooter genre. I completely underestimated the survival aspect of the game. Bullets are very scarce (literally), and you will have to keep looking at your stopwatch to keep track of your gas mask filter. You will have to manually wipe the blood off your gas mask and manually charge your flashlight and some guns.The story is simple yet very entertaining. It's one of those rare games that will make you read random scribbles just because you can't get enough of the story.The audio could have been perfect if it weren't for the voice acting. Imagine a group of drunk Germans trying to imitate the accents of the Russians in the English language. Everything else was just splendid. The amount of detail they put on the audio is just surreal. You might even think that you are the one coughing and not Artyom (the main character).Overall, Metro 2033 Redux is an excellent remake. I would recommend this game to everyone unless you are faint of heart. This game is a must-have if you consider yourself to be a veteran in the survival-horror and/or first-person shooter genres."
76561198105392337,Recommended,286690,16871244,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,EVA SEEN DAT GOOD SAMMICH... MMH,it is good
,Recommended,286690,24071909,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fatmo,"Some people call these demons, I call them ♥♥♥♥♥es."
76561198142799112,Recommended,286690,18649697,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,(ZAMM) alreadydead,"an excellent game, story is very well written, many guns to choose from and customize, fighting is amazing, you can actually be stealthy if you choose to, overall just an extremely good game"
76561198302545917,Recommended,286690,24115477,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Romanianguy,One of the best games i've ever played.Gameplay: 10/10Graphics:10/10You can always feel the darkness and mistery behind the story.Great game! :D
,Recommended,286690,32810121,Posted: 26 June,all,the entire population of Afrika,really good game that keeps forever in you and touches your fealings
,Recommended,286690,17664832,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,286690,22597864,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Gabryel,"Now then i'll be short, the campagn isn't very long but its definetly worth it :), the best part of the game is the way it makes you fell like your inside the game so its really immersive."
76561198149188009,Recommended,286690,12628697,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BIG BOSS,"It's absolutely worth it!+Good story+Gorgeous graphics+Solid shooting+Great stealth system+Great level design with multiple roots and paths to takewith a lot of exploration especially for a coridor shooter+ALL THE DLC! :)-A little buggy at times-Really system intensive, even for my gtx770-Can't find a way to adjust FOV (Pretty sure there is a fix)-ALWAYS GET THE BAD ENDING!"
,Recommended,286690,16897907,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,spicy,Metro 2033 is the long awaited sequel to Train Simulator 2014. In Metro 2033 you play as a Russian Metro Transit Authority Administrator named Artyom in your quest to stabalize the growing conflict between the various Metro stations of Russia after a cataclysmic apocalypse.
,Recommended,286690,20976652,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Heitmann ★,"This is truly one of the best games I have ever played. With both the heavenly good graphics, the heart frigthening atmosphere and the great story brings the game together very well."
,Recommended,286690,24285729,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bankest Of The Dankest,"I played the original version of this once. I thought it was ok. BUT, then I played the Redux version. Looks so much nicer and it gets rid of the microstutter the other one had. This game was fantastic, the story was very neat and the enviroment made it come to life. It blew me away! I am now a HUGE fan of this game and want all my friends to have as much fun playing this as I did. If you enjoy FPS games, you will love this! Those Russians really know how to make a game!"
76561198076544571,Recommended,286690,23126407,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Crazy Corpse,"Metro 2033 and Metro Last light are now my favourite fps campaigns, gr8 games!!"
,Recommended,286690,33170942,Posted: 2 July,all,irohn,this is new experience for me playing horror FPS with deep story and unique weapon .
76561197970737124,Recommended,286690,23213649,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,korifg,Well worth the money!
,Recommended,286690,23304026,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Weezy,Just as good as the original just prettier w/ added mechanics from Last Light.
,Recommended,286690,32416645,Posted: 14 June,all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆Reasons to Buy:+ Explore an atmospheric, post apocalyptic, russian subway society.  In a gas mask.Reasons to Bail:- Linear, with almost no replay value, and an unsatisfying story- Metro Last Light is all around better, and even though its story picks up directly where this one ends, its hardly worth playing this one, as almost nothing happens in the story here.  You might even be better off playing LL first, to give more context to this story.Pros/Cons Feature List:+ Flashlight+ Atmosphere+ Toggle-able lights+ Doesn't install 50+ GB+ Graphics and performance+ Interesting AI types and variety+ Handheld map+compass & lighter+ Enemies have good impact when shot+ Stare at apes.  How Endermen should work+ Gas Mask: Breakable, cleanable, timeable (via in-game wrist watch)+ Gas mask is a nice glassy HUD effect, instead of blacking out the entire screen for eye holes+ Meaningful difficulty options.  One changes the game from survival horror to an action shooter, by increasing ammo collected, and another disables the HUD (which is already minimal)+ Immersive intuitive minimal HUD.  Your gas mask doesn't have an HP bar, it visibly breaks.  Filters are timed via your in-game wrist watch.  There an informative quest arrow, but it doesn't float magically at the top of your screen, its attached to a handheld note pad.  You can physically see how many medpacks you have left when you use one.  etc.  In fact, just about the only thing represented by a ""normal"" HUD is ammo.+- Jump scares.  2spooky4me+- Controls need minor remapping+- Typos and translation issues on diary pages+- Graphics look good, for its age, people look a bit off+- Various bits of content were added/removed/changed+- Graphics are moreso different, than better, compared to non-redux+- ~9 hour story, little-to-no replay value, unless you want achievements+- The lighter is a nice effect, but sticking it in peoples faces is a bit awkward+- Rechargeable flashlight and air-pump weapons.  Interesting mechanic, but a bit clunky+- Weapon attachments, as upgrades, not customization, and can only be modified in shops (or found presets)+- Bare-bones stealth.  You stand in darkness to become completely invisible.  Can KO or Kill enemies, but there's seemingly no difference.  Can't move bodies.  Can't peek.  No distractions.  No enemy detection stages.- Subway slums- Un-skipable intro title-screens- Launcher options, which don't even work?- Lacking plot points & character motivation- In-game dialogue often cuts off or overlaps- Most other actions interfere with the lighter- No quick-saving, only saves at checkpoints- Limited graphic options and no borderless mode- No multiplayer/coop, even though you often have an NPC buddy- Not using Gas Mask breakability, to represent HP, seems like a wasted opportunity- Doors either can't be opened, magically lock behind you, or can never be closed again- Die too often to stupid reasons.  Basically QTE cutscenes that kill you because they don't tell you they're a QTE"
,Recommended,286690,13336711,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"Where most games having been released again after being prettied-up are hardly worth it, perhaps aside from it being released on the most recent generation of peasant machines, this is—without contest—the finest example of a remake. All you have to do is look at Last Light and look unto this. For all intensive purposes they are now one in the same when it comes to the excellent mechanics and visuals, sparing the difference in story and the more linear design of 2033.GameplayUsually games stem tedium by dousing reality with a lack of recoil and plentiful boxes of ammunition everywhere. Yet, the developers of this game invented a sort of realism that doesn't burden the player but is very relevant to their function. As over time, you'll have to recharge the battery of your flashlight or NVGs you find some way along into the game.On you at a bare minimum is a journal and a lighter, minimizing the use of immersion breaking UI popping-up. Plus, who wouldn't want to set a bunch of those pesky mutant spider webs on fire with a handy lighter; no, you don't have to go hunting for whale oil to fuel it. Stealth is usually easy so you may find that a tad disappointing in contrast to the challenging combat, assuming you're playing on ranger mode--as you should be!VisualsThis remastered version of 2033 lacks nothing in the visual department. It truly looks as awe-inspiring as Last Light. You'd be hard pressed to find a game out now that looks better than either of these beauties.StoryAs an introductory game to a series, it provides more player-centric interest than its sequel which shoves you deep through both Nazi and Communist territory. Personally, I preferred the narrow scope of the story and its supernatural elements along with the presentation of beasts like Librarians or the aptly named Demons.When it comes to the emotional moments, they're well and sparingly placed something but I'll not spoil anything here. You can also play the morality system, by not killing everyone in sight and of course in being merciful when perhaps coming accross a nest of some sort. This includes people you fight and have to get past, not just static 'kill or let live' parts of the story. Those mean very little, in the grand scheme of what you'll run into and do.AudioAs an introductory game to a series, it provides more player-centric interest than its sequel which shoves you deep through both Nazi and Communist territory. Personally, I preferred the narrow scope of the story and its supernatural elements along with the presentation of beasts like Librarians or aptly the named Demons.When it comes to the emotional moments, they're well and sparingly placed something but I'll not spoil anything here. You can also play the morality system, by not killing everyone or thing in sight and of course in being merciful. This includes people, not just static 'kill or let live' parts of the story. Those mean very little, in the grand scheme of what you'll run into and do.ConclusionAs a whole, this is very much an experience more than just a game. It may sound belittling, though quite the contrary, I almost think of it as a very elongated and enjoyable concept more than just another game. Between the minor things mentioned: recharging lights, changing the filters on your gas mask, and even just wiping-off whatever's gotten splattered on your gas mask. Along with environments unrivaled along with how tense combat is and the supernatural element involved in a variety of ways. It all accumulates to something I can call nothing less than an experience. Easily, this is my favorite shooter and its the only series I consider genuinely worth playing on the hardest difficulty: Ranger Mode."
76561197971417681,Recommended,286690,31921857,Posted: 23 May,all,Anacro,"Atmospheric, nice narrative, enjoyable expierience.  The Ai's a bit dumb on normal but doesn't ruin the game. It's one of those games where you think it's the last chapter and then you have more chapters to get through which is good.   Won't spoil the ending too much, but that was weird in a good way, not the kind of finale I was expecting. Time to install Metro Last light Redux now!"
,Recommended,286690,32161257,Posted: 3 June,all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"Superb game, the gameplay will always keep you on your toes, and the areas where you must be looking for air filters are really tense since you don't want to run out of air. You can play it in both survival style and action style gameplay, the ending is kinda meh and characters are forgetable, but the overall game is really good.7/10"
,Recommended,286690,31905044,Posted: 22 May,all,Diishonòr,"Metro 2033The story is based on Dmitry Glukhovsky's novel of the same name, and is set in the ruins of Moscow following a nuclear war, where the survivors are forced to live in underground metro tunnels. Players control Artyom, a man who must defeat an evil mutant race known as the Dark Ones.+Good Graphics+Realistic and cool little details.+Very good story+Good GameplayUghhhh there is so much to say... just buy the game and check it for yourself, i promise you.. you will enjoy this game.12/10 gud game."
76561198050741944,Recommended,286690,28848301,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mosh,"Metro 2033 for me is one of those rare-special games with an experience that completely glues my eyes to the whole world around me, constantly arousing my interest for every nook and cranny as the atmosphere, environment, and tension is the some I have never seen in a game before...it's amazing! It's rare for a game to completely immerse me within the first hour, along with causing me to search literally everything as it's level of detail is impressive, each tells it's own story and adds on to the overall plot and theme of""The world has went to hell after a nuclear explosion completely destroyed, and everyone is forced to live in metro's with poor living conditions and having to survive everyday against constant threats of mutants that will eat anyone in sight and the two armies that make up the Communist Russians and Nazi's who will kill anyone in order to survive in a world where resouces are limited, if not scarce or extinct, and are forced to stay in the metro's due to the dangers that lurk above on the surface.""The atmosphere and environment constantly adds on to how terrifying the world of Moscow has become and constantly reminds you how little hope the people have. It's truly an amazing feeling, it causes you to feel sorry for the people within this world and even dread of ever experiencing something of the form. I'm sure it will hook anyone who plays it as no game has immersed me on the level Metro has demonstrated.The gameplay also does a great deal in adding on to the level of detail that the world expresses. At the start of the game, you become aware at how scarce the ammo is such as when it directly tells you that Military Grade Ammo is used at currency as after the nuclear explosion, they became rare and almost extinct, making most military guns hard to come by and thus noticing the conventional weapons that the survivors and soldiers are forced to use such as being battery operated with custom-made ammunition or electicity powered weapons based around pressure, resulting in such weapons being poor in accuracy or overheating---and you as the player are forced to experience this. You immidiately understand how hard it is for these people to survive, being forced to use the very little resources they have to survive against the dangers that lie throughout the entire Metro's...from mutants or scavenging soldiers. Causing you as the player to have to constantly search around the world to gather ammunition, gas masks, filters, health kits, and cartriges in order to survive this hopeless world or simply die---causing you to learn how to conserve as everything is scarce depending on the difficulty you play, but harder ones offer the ultimate experience.The story is also as I said, really interesting. As I played, I became eager to learn more of Artyoms point of view as he makes his journey through the dangerous parts of the Metro and even the surface...him being on twenty, it makes you wonder what he might be thinking after each step you make in this hopeless world and him being mute does this very well, but I will say. This caused me to get the book after I completed the game twice as I always wonder. ""What would Artyom say in this situation, what would be his thoughts"", being told directly to me but I like that the game allows the player to interpret what he thinks Artyom's is feeling or even share the same as the player as they experience the despair all around them. The characters are also very interesting, I enjoyed following behind them as they lead me through the hopeless tunnels and on the surface...hearing their thoughts and reactions to the world around them similar to the player themselves, and how their personality is within the despair that they were forced to face for twenty years. I loved each of them and as stated, makes me eager to dig into the books!I'm not a reviewer as I would be too wordy or ramble and won't really consider it a review and just my heartful thoughts, but I just felt I wanted to share my thoughts on this game. Metro 2033 as I played it twice...the original and the redux has both offered this unique special that I hardly get in a game, especially now a days easily putting it on my list of ""One of my favorite games of all time"", it's immersion from a first person shooter and it's ability to make me want to look through the world when normally I don't care is incredible and thus I consider it very special. It's rare for a game to do that, and I encourage everyone to give the game a try along with Dmitry Glukhovsky's three-part book series. Metro 2033, 2034, and 2035, as seen everywhere within the game...to get more close to Artyom and the cast of characters...you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,286690,30227523,Posted: 27 February,all,ஜ۩۞Viper۞۩ஜ,"Well, this game is one of my favoritve.The texture is not the best, but the gun system and the missions are goodm#The Story: You are a solider in Moscow ,how want to find a guy called Milen.The surfenature radioactive ,becouse the nuclear war, so there is a lot of enemies :The mutants, Reds and also The Reich..........."
,Recommended,286690,20440378,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RTMPro,It's so immersive...it's like...they even know my name....RTM...
,Recommended,286690,16340264,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Xil,"One of the best remakes out there. It has got a very good story and the gameplay is quite good as well. Also, conserving bullets in this game is a must because you can easily run out of bullets if you just fire at your enemies without paying attention to how much ammo is being depleted. I highly recommend it."
76561198052627127,Recommended,286690,18333927,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Frost Too Tall,Read the Book. Now played the game. Loved them both
76561198029126609,Recommended,286690,13580186,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Padishah,A great game and one of my favorite games. Alot better than the original in many ways as it uses improvments from last light to 2033. A must buy!
,Recommended,286690,24858444,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,//Portal/,"Excelent game, good performance, amazing graphics, good gameplay, good sound, 7/10 strory. i'd rate it 8.8/10"
,Recommended,286690,27042050,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmy,great game for a cheap price with good gameplay and a interesting story
76561198075080636,Recommended,286690,31084474,Posted: 11 April,all,Nebuchadnezzar II CSGOatse.com,ARTYOOOOMMM!!!
,Recommended,286690,11936217,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"A good update to an already stellar shooter. Looks better, runs better, more options for how you want to play."
,Recommended,286690,33558896,Posted: 15 July,all,GladiOol,"7/10What seperates Metro from other first person shooters are its survival and stealth elements. Having to remember to put on a gas mask, swapping filters and having to wipe off the blood of your enemies from your mask are amazing elements. The story, for me, wasn't too entertaining and (sorry for using the word) the cringey russian dialects were appaling."
,Recommended,286690,34377008,Posted: 20 August,all,IIII BL4CK IIII,AMAZING ATMOSPHERE
76561198014518404,Recommended,286690,12468665,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,readeye,this is a must play game no more to say
,Recommended,286690,12229309,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Navlock,"I promised to review this Redux version to a friend of mine, and that is what I will now finally do! Yay. I actually completely forgot to do it, and I feel pretty bad now. I am a huge fan of the Metro games, enough to have earned all their Achievements (yeah, I know, but it's more for me proving my love for their games - not to show off) and played them all through on Ranger Hardcore of course. So here it is, my opinion on how the Redux compares to its original version, Metro 2033...Yeah, it's good. Visually changed to look more consistent with the style of Last Light (Redux or no), superior optimization on all accounts, replaced all animations on the main character/weapons, and so on. It's also taking away some of the complexity of 2033's stealth rules, while also adding some Last Light monsters and levels, and there's plenty of 'ironing out the rough edges' thing going on here.So yeah, I absolutely love the Redux version. It's way superior, to me, over the original. But it's still the same game, so many of the owners of the original has very little incentive to actually get it. Recommend this mostly to new, fresh players out there. Don't forget your air filters!"
,Recommended,286690,16374644,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,player257,Russian Metro Navigation Simulateor 2015
76561198367951755,Recommended,286690,34575311,Posted: 29 August,all,Ridley,"Original Metro 2033 was...not really good to say the least. Lots of glitches, bugs, even crashes sometimes. Gameplay was hard, but not like in Survival mode.  It was hard because it was impossible to complete even first levels. Stealth was out of question - enemies definetely used the Force to see and kill you through concrete walls. Thank you, 4A Games, that Redux version corrected every single piece of broken gameplay.About one thing, that these games had in common - story. It was good, just good. Could`ve been worse, but could`ve been better. For those, who didn`t read Glukhovsky`s books a lot of questions remained unanswered, for example about metro Culture. Yes, Artyom wrote his thoughts in that diary, but that wasn`t enough. At the end of the game we knew almost nothing about Nazi, Commies or even Rangers. Thankfully, Last Light got that covered.But horror part was totally worth it. Remember the part, where we dragged Burbon away from some dark portal?Or when our convoy was knocked out? Or when Khan showed us lost souls in abandoned tunnels? Exactly - don`t tell me you didn`t have chills during these moments."
76561198044114145,Recommended,286690,32377620,Posted: 12 June,all,ezBAKEluvin,Fun game.
76561198006726936,Recommended,286690,35168221,Posted: 23 September,all,LoS | Elite Enemy,"Fantastic game, great story.  It's a pretty quick game, about 8 hours or so to complete the story.  I recommend this to anyone that loves games with a rich story.If it's Hostile, You Kill it."
,Recommended,286690,34805239,Posted: 7 September,all,[SB] Church ,"This game i stunning a great story, great gameplay, great everything. The enviroment is gritty and beautiful, a true post appocolyptic paradise."
,Recommended,286690,32566044,Posted: 19 June,all,smocaine,"Amazing game. I enjoyed it more than Half-Life.The only thing that detracts from the immersion is the Commies Vs. Nazis situation. Both are presented as cheap bad-guys. One of the ""good guy"" NPCs actually refers to the Nazis as ""bad guys"". The Nazis especially are further dehumanized by wearing full face masks. This is surprising considering the rest of the narrative leaves room for you to make up your own mind about the morality of a certain person or faction (e.g. bandits, or the strange creatures at the end).If it weren't for this small blemish, this would easily be one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,286690,31348228,Posted: 24 April,all,Black devil,"Such a good game, great story, gunplay is good enough but weird at times but other than that this is most definitely a must-have game!"
,Recommended,286690,19447069,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MokiNS,"Didnt know what to expect, but I've got to admit i was pleasantly surprised."
76561197960912290,Recommended,286690,25116181,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vividnightmare,"The original was excellent, this is just improved. Except for one thing, I SWEAR this looks downgraded visually from the first, I""m sure it's just me though. Can run it on max however unlike the original. Best part is three 'modes' exist now. Original, which is a Survival FPS, but also a Survival mode which makes resources harder to find and the game tougher and even better a FPS mode which is more focused on blasting enemies to pieces and rocking it hard. Whatever your preference when it comes to an FPS, Metro 2033 should be able to satisfy. The only reason I can think of that it wouldn't is you don't like Russian based plotlines, they do tell different stories with much more dispair to them than we're used to in the States."
76561198131146983,Recommended,286690,33286467,Posted: 5 July,all,Predestined,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ ~ - ,ﾚ　ノ　　~ ヽ_つ -~/　/After I played:\ | / *.~／ﾌﾌ - * '　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) \＼/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,286690,33532663,Posted: 14 July,all,HellBlazer75,"""If it's hostile, you kill it!""- HunterThis game is set in post apocalyptic moscow where people go to underground metro due to nuclear winter in surface as a result of nuclear war.you are artyom a dweller in metro and this is your story.This is the first game where I was forced to search every nook and corner for ammo and try not to get in a fight unless until its necessary.Best played in survival ranger hardcore mode where you will think before you do anything.This is the mode to play metroPros:1.Good story,music,graphics and atmosphere2.AI is good not stupid3.has good survival gameplay elements4.stealth is okay.Cons:1.Story is short,leaving you wanting for more2.Nothing else just buy the damn game and enjoy the life in metro"
,Recommended,286690,33850462,Posted: 28 July,all,ズクル / / Zukulu,worth getting the bundle <3
76561198222488732,Recommended,286690,23045331,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,小醜,very good
76561198226175812,Recommended,286690,30233231,Posted: 27 February,all,obedienceandlove,"8.5/108/10-good graphics.I have never played the original, but the graphics in the redux fit the atmosphere of the game.7/10-solid controls.I used a keyboard and mouse. I did not have major problems aiming, moving, shooting, or switching through the different guns. The only thing that was weird was switching those different dynamite sticks, but that could've been just me.8.5/10-great story. I don't want to spoil it for you so I'll say this: you are a boy who made a promise to a man before he died to complete a mission and it seems like more than luck is on your side throughout this journey.9/10-awesome atmosphere. You get a since of life in the tunnels. People have conversations with or without you. You will see people living, fighting, dying, and you will care for some of them along the way.6/10-replay value. Once you beat it, you may want to play it again simply because its a good game, or if you're a completionist, you may want to get the achievements. Other than that I don't see any real replay value.8/10-gameplay. This is a modern game with a hint of the old school FPS. There are no maps, no arrows, lighted path showing you the way. There is no life bar showing you how close you are to dying. There are not a lot on bullets to find along to map so you have to shoot wisely. On the newer side of things, this is a FPS with weapon customizations. There are other aspects of the game like moving fast enough and keeping enough filters to complete the surface levels. Sometimes you'll a shoot out along side a group of comrades while doing your best not to let them die. Some of the characters have a soul and are not just some random npc. These things come together to create something unique.overall 8/10It is a unique FPS experience that emerses you into a world that few devs can match in the genre."
,Recommended,286690,11933113,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,James Bong,"Holy merly mother of Joseph this game looks so good. AI is better than in the old metro 2033, there is more creatures more weapons, fine new playstyle. On ultra quality you will be shocked by the graphics. Some  stages were also re-made. In this game there is alot mo jumpscares n♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. Play this game b4 you read the book."
76561198144264603,Recommended,286690,31566409,Posted: 5 May,all,Teemi,"spooky af but who cares when u have guns. One of the most atmospheric games, graphics look awesome."
76561198308074831,Recommended,286690,34119029,Posted: 8 August,all,ViKiNg AcE,dis game is the best and i mean the best of them all
76561198094775445,Recommended,286690,34706571,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,Like metro last light (8/10)Not comment(8/10) for this game
,Recommended,286690,33175860,Posted: 3 July,all,mustangjack25,somehow this runs smoothly on my potato. really enjoying this
,Recommended,286690,21357701,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jago Orang,10000% BETTER THAN FALLOUT 4!!!!
,Recommended,286690,11888812,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ronald Raygun,"In regards to the recent update solving the crashing bug, I've seen fit to change my review. So far, from what I've played, the game runs better than the original, looks better than the original, and has a ton of new content so far. It plays a lot more like Last Light than the original 2033, but is still quite enjoyable. Overall, I'd say if you already own 2033, I'd skip Redux, but if you're new to the Metro franchise, this is a fantastic place to start.8.1/10, easily."
,Recommended,286690,22982662,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,-GoV-Kaka- S> BOA Bonzo,Probaly the best game i've played for a few year!along with metro last light redux!
76561198283368660,Recommended,286690,23239501,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AmberDrake,"This Game Is So Good, Well Done!"
76561198058585628,Recommended,286690,23031151,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Orion,gg
,Recommended,286690,33141315,Posted: 2 July,all,ako.c.ryan,Summer 2017 stickers
,Recommended,286690,11968983,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Metro 2033 is one of these wonderful creepy shoddy video games from Eastern Europe. It captures some of the ghost town existentialism that STALKER made popular, but it had quite a few problems. The stealth system, for example, was crap on toast. It didn't run very well. The way the game felt and moved had a few problems, it felt a bit like running a lap underwater. Despite all this, it had ambience and character and terror crawling out of every goddamn pore of its being!So I'm happy to say Metro 2033 Redux is mostly an improvement. Well, mostly.First of all, I'd like to lodge a complaint: The development team ignored processing instructions for older AMD and Intel CPUs, and I would like to say that is not cool at all. I've had a AMD Phenom II quad-core processor for some time now, and while it isn't the amazing powerhouse that is whatever's at the top of Tom's Hardware's CPU charts, it can still kick♥♥♥♥♥and take names. Developing for the PC to work with a wide, wide range of specs and hardware configurations is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but that's still no excuse for leaving older PCs out in the cold like that!!!Thankfully, those instructions were patched in and I finally got to play the game two days later after launch.Second complaint: I had to replace one of the intro movies in the game directory with a blank file because it was crashing my game when I was actually able to get it running. I had to do this to a game released in 2014 to get it to run.After those two I finally got to play it. It looked very good. It feels very nice to play - character reponses are fluid and there isn't a bunch of slowdown I experienced from the last game. FOV's stuck at something below 90, so take what you will from that.It implements a lot of the improvements made by the sequel to this game (Metro: Last Light) and implements them into this game, which means stealth works and I was able to run it at nearly max settings! A new feature allows you to play it as a survival horror kind of shooter (the proper Metro 2033 experience) or as a straight-up on rails shooter (the equivalent of having chocolate-flavored vodka instead of drinking it straight up LIKE A REAL METRO DWELLER DOES), so there's that.If you're playing this for the first time, don't skimp and get the original Metro 2033. The Redux version is a far more refined experience. You could argue that going for the remake loses some of the original shoddiness, and in that case, do whatever you like. But if you're dipping your toe into this strange flavor of Eastern Europe first person shooters for the first time, get the Redux."
76561198046242117,Recommended,286690,12377699,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,RyanS1357,"This is how u do a remastered game,Get all the original content with all the DLC and new content and developer only asking 17 quid for each one and not £60Support these developers we need more Metro games and books."
,Recommended,286690,14934060,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,If the question is Metro 2033 vs Metro Last Light the awnser = Metro Last Light.That version is better then this version no doubt.But if you do have the moneys you should really also own this game.Gameplay time is lenghty and its also set in a post apocalypse setting.Metro is the kind of game you must have played in your life.Yet its also a game not many people seem to know about.
76561198102247816,Recommended,286690,22922590,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,*Uzii_,"I have never felt the urge to write a review for a game before BUT THIS GAME IS JUST SO GOD DAMN GOOD THAT I FEEL THE NEED TO SHARE IT WITH THE WORLD AND TELL EVERYONE ABOUT IT.I literally felt BAD that I bought the bundle on sale for only 8 dollars.I would have literally been HAPPY to buy it all for full price and then some.THAT IS HOW GOOD THESE 2 GAMES ARE (Metro 2033 Redux & Last Light)Throughout the whole series, you are taken on a thrilling adventure that is absolutely as immersive as it gets. You will get attatched to the characters throughout and will feel empty inside once you finally beat it all.The storyline is very satisfying length-wise, especially if you take the time to explore around all of the areas collecting loot/ammo.I've beaten it at least 3 times front to back and I'd STILL play it again.Everything about this series feels perfect in my opinion.9.9/10"
,Not Recommended,286690,17408183,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,KSmith722,"The fake Russian accents in this game are bad enough to be distracting and at times laughable. The voice actors often have clearly audible American accents under their half-hearted imitation of Russian. The sounds are wrong, the speech patterns are often wrong, and many of these ""Russians"" end up sounding Spanish, or even Texan, as a result.I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be playing a game or watching a movie.  For the amount of walking around and listening to unimportant NPCs, having the story narrated to me, or just plain losing control of my character, there doesn't seem to be much actual game-play.  I've had less intrusion from JRPG cut-scenes.  If the developers had wanted to make a movie, they should have made a movie.  I'm here to play a game.Why does everyone treat you like you're the Second Coming or something? Like, you struggle to survive through the first little bit and it's still the tutorial so you're shooting walls and your allies and just generally still learning the gameplay and then everyone's all like, ""Oh that Artyom! He's a deadeye shot!"" and I'm like, really? And then you do one stage further and barely survive an attack and don't really manage to help or to save/protect anyone, and they drink to you three times in a row back at the bar! Honestly I'd prefer some idiot asking whether someone had stolen my sweet roll. Your character is worshipped so much and the game does so much ego stroking that it's just embarrassing.Also the posters telling me to go tometro.comor whatever are totally immersion breaking and there are a few poorly integrated product placements and advertisements like that. Like, I'm already playing your game, why do you have to put all this stuff that doesn't match the rest of the scenery in and remind me that this is a video game?Also the tutorial is awful. Doesn't teach you how to melee attack, just generally leaves a lot of gaps.ALSO, this is supposed to be survival horror? I'm just not really scared. I don't know if I'm not invested in these characters or if the bad accents and immersion-breaking ads are taking me ""out of the world"" or what, but I'm pretty easily scared by games and this one is not doing it for me.Overall I'd say the Bioshock series does all of this stuff much better. I'm unsatisfied enough that I won't continue playing this game. Not worth the money."
,Recommended,286690,12877845,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews Metro 2033| ""Some World""9.5Hours to Complete►TL;DRNot being a fan of this game, it’s truly amazing and despite the atmosphere breaking events and crashing the story is top notch and gunplay is fluent, slick and realistic. It’s a surprise of a game and has made me a huge fan. The detail of this game world and atmosphere makes this unique compared to other shooters. I am so looking forward to the next in the series.In depth...►[Performance]Mixed. The game performs well considering it looks good. BUT IT CRASHED LIKE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR NO REASON. It’s a problem for everyone using NVidia GPUs and i have somewhat a fix for it: Whenever it starts crashing chapter select the mission it crashes on and that should fix it, yeah it sucks having to start but chapters are short and also lots of them. Also what helps is turning off NVidia particles. Biggest flaw and no real patch has sorted it.►[Graphics]Simply beautiful. A piece of art considering the game looks like destroyed beauty. It adds to the immersion, which I’ll get onto in gameplay section…►[Gameplay]Right out the gate this game does not tell you anything. Which in any game would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but with this it makes you more paranoid and claustrophobic which adds to the atmosphere. The atmosphere and tension in this game Is amazing. If that’s in claustrophobic tunnels. the deserted city’s on the surface, the everyday civilians talking about daily tasks, each different district shows that the world is alive and believable. You also interact with almost everything in first person and has animations to again enforce it. However there are no first person animations for ladders and lights which are random due to the fact it rivals in the fact everything else has an animation. Also Artyom, the main character does not speak which destroys atmosphere completely in some sections. They are talking to you about a heart breaking moment and you are just silent. It’s really annoying yet he talks in loading screens and what he says does build up tension so it’s random and an odd decision. I also loved finding Artyoms books just to learn more about the world and it’s the only game where i seeked them out.It’s very linear but does offer paths to gain loot but just needed some more paths and options in combat. Gameplay is solid with each weapon giving a good punch not to mention a lot of customization which could be developed a bit more with more attachments but is still quality never the less and offers different playstyles. Playstyles are totally different depending on the enemy type. Humans its best to stealth and you are encouraged to conserve ammo which you need on the mutants which offer a more survival shooting experience. The AI is clever however they have poor detection when it comes to shadows. What i mean by this is that when in shadows even in front of them they can’t see. Other than that the monsters try to track you down and humans use cover.►[Replayability]If it’s just for the two endings or just another excuse to get back in this game and experience the destroyed beauty in this game it’s quite replayable.►[Conclusion]So I didn’t touch metro 2033 or last light till the redux as i was never really interested in it. MY GOD am I both disappointed in not picking it up sooner but also happy due to the redux package. This game is so immersive and feels like you are in this messed up world.If you wish for more in-depth reviews or short, bite sized recommendations, then be sure to click on the links below.Reviews |http://steamcommunity.com/id/FALLENV3GAS/recommended/Curator |http://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/286690/"
,Recommended,286690,23477706,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Butter me up Scotty,Great game
76561198132496198,Recommended,286690,28614420,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,igorkoudinov321,"Played this game after looking for a game I might be interested in for, during the steam winter sale.... And wow...Just wow.This is by FAR my favorite game i've ever played and i'm a pretty big gamer. Even having no past knowledge of these Metro games this games just has an amazing story line (Bases of a book which im eger to read) and the game just really stuck out to me.I would very highly recommend this game for anybody!!!!!!!"
76561198036662065,Recommended,286690,31602017,Posted: 7 May,all,Hashash,Remastered version looks better.Great original game.10/10
,Recommended,286690,12267198,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Raven,"Metro 2033 Redux takes everything great about the original game and turns it up to 11. It's one of my favorite FPS stories ever. If you've played the original and loved it, you owe it to yourself to play the Redux version. If you haven't played the original, what the hell is wrong with you? Go play it...now...I'll wait on you..........see, wasn't that worth it?If you love FPS games with a story, this game is for you. It has a nice mix between action/horror/stealth and you can play many levels in various ways to better fit your play style. Wanna run and gun? You can. Wanna sneak your way through? You can do that in some levels too. Wanna streak through naked? Well, no, you can't do that, but seriously, the ability to play through several levels however you want is a welcome change, even if you can't stealth your way through the entire game (that or my stealthiness sucks).ProsGreat graphics (improved on the already beautiful original).Great gameplay (again improved).Great story.The ability to upgrade weapons.Some voices seem to have been redone...most are improvements, some...not so much.The ability to knock out guards.The dedicated melee button instead of having to select your knife, which was tedious in the middle of a fight.Did I mention they made an already gorgeous game even more so?A shining example of how you do a remake.ConsA few of the voices I've noticed have been redone...specifically, the voices of children seem...umm, not so childlike compared to the original.A few bugs I ran into that required several reloads. All were crashes to desktop and all were eventually playable without anything more than restarting several times.Manning the turrets with a controller during the on-rails section is a bit convoluted. Instead of using one stick to aim, you must use one stick to aim left/right, the other stick aims up/down. It felt nowhere near intuitive to me and should've been mapped to one stick.Having to sit through the opening legal screens each time you start a game.Seriously, WTF?How come once I break stealth, I can't hide again very easy? Seems that once I'm spotted, I have a large neon ""shoot me"" sign flashing over my head.Not to beat a dead horse, but seriously, what kind of hormone treatment do the kids get? They sound like they're on some HGH or such.Where the hell does Artyom put that guidance system? I mean, obviously his pockets are full since you have limited ammo you can carry...so I'm scared to know the answer to how this thing is carried about..."
,Recommended,286690,19203621,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Zurahh,8.5/10
,Not Recommended,286690,31035062,Posted: 9 April,all,Cardassia Did Nothing Wrong,"I really, really wanted this game to be good. I really like the book and it painted the picture of a world I'd love to see and play around in. And for the record it does have good atmosphere and looks fairly decent. But the game is hobbled by it's non-human enemies - bulletsponge enemies. It becomes more prominent in the second half of the game than the first half, the enemies just become ammo drains. This wouldn't be too much of a problem if they didn't swarm in annoying numbers and, MOST ANNOYINGLY, ignore everyone else with you and all swarm directly at you. This leaves a very sour taste as the second half dips more and more into an exercise of frustration more than a game you want to play. Can't recommend it due to it.Edit: Did want to mention that the sequences where you are fighting human opponents are fairly fun, but the game has an annoying habit of introducing a new weapon for you to buy and spend your money on only to find out that in about 20 minutes you'll get one for free.Hopefully the sequel is better."
76561198232979232,Not Recommended,286690,30839632,Posted: 30 March,all,Sidetrackx,"I hate giving this one a bad review cause i like what they did here in alot of ways, like the setting with nice gunplay and customization, I even like the idea about the filters so you can breathe in poisonous zones, but there are a few problems with this idea too.The enemies dont drop filters you have to find them laying around which can brake that mechanic, most wont think so but there are long sections with no filters and alot of guys to kill basically forcing you to rush sections dying numerous times panicking looking for filters.On top of this they can shoot your mask and they are harder to find than the filters are makingyou start the level over stuck in a loop of this cause you cant find a mask! Really??Stealth was a bad idea in a game that wants you to be fast cause of filters, you will waste precious air trying to stealth past a section with 20 guys that some wear armor so you cant stealth kill breaking the whole system apart.You dont get any body armor in this game while the enemy clearly has access to such tools makes this game start to look sloppy! I cant recommend this cause of those reasons, its a shame cause its fun before it gets really annoying."
,Recommended,286690,13965957,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,4K Dragon,THIS GAME IS AMAZING I LOVE IT 69/10!!!!!! <3
,Recommended,286690,30440340,Posted: 10 March,all,Spencer,its like metro 2033 but less dark
,Recommended,286690,31506660,Posted: 2 May,all,Master Masturbator,HEY ARTYOM! HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!  HEY ARTYOM!
,Recommended,286690,30482072,Posted: 12 March,all,KING OF THE SKULLS,"*First Of All Don't Look At My Play Time,I Finished This Game 3 Times On The Original DVD But This Review is About Redux and The Original One(Almost Same) And i Usually Play It When I'm Offline.*I Am A Perfectionist So When I Play Games I Look At All Of The Details Of The Game And These Are All I Can Say About This Game ......- 1 - Atmosphere Of The Game : From My Point Of View,It's One Of The Best Things in This Series,It Makes You Feel That You Are In Metro,You Are Doing All Of Those Stuff And It's So Real.- 2 - Dialogs : Most Of The Dialogs Are Coming From The Best Selling Book Of Metro With A Little Bit Change And All i Can Say Is That They Are Awesome And It Helps To Improve The Atmosphere That The Game Has.- 3 - Graphics : The Graphics of The Original Version Are Fine, You Can't Say They Are Bad And For That Year it Was Perfect.In The Redux Version For Sure There Are Some Graphic and Texture Improvements And They Seem Really Good To Me.- 4 - Realistic : This Game Is So Realistic That You Always Need To Search For Ammo , Gas Filters Or Wiping Out Your Gas Mask And Changing Filters Like It's Reality And Your Own Life.- 5 - Story : I've Played So Many Single Player Games In Different Genres But Metro's Story Is One Of My Favorites.You Drown Into The Story Of This Game And It's Flawless.- 6 - Soundtracks And In-Game Sound Effects : Alexey Omelchuck ( The Instrumentalist ) Did A Great Job For Soundtracks,With His Music, He Added A Great Atmosphere To The Game And You Can Exactly Feel The Desperation Of Metro And That Small Hope For A Better World In His Songs.In-Game Sound Effects Are So Accurate And Makes Metro More Real.I Played This Series With 3 Different Computers And Never Crashed Or Never Had Any Bug.So The Game Runs Fine If There is Any Problem You Should Check Compatibility Settings.*****I Hope My Review Helped You*****<><><><><><><><>Dear Developers,Give Us A New MetroooooooooooooooO<><><><><><><>"
76561198079390342,Not Recommended,286690,26184916,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ZSS UnDead,"This game just isnt as good as what people claim it to be. Maybe Nostalgia is clouding people's mind idk. This game is very linear (which isnt necessarily a bad thing as i like many linear games) but this game makes you feel like you have no choice on where to go (your not meant to in linear games but other games design it so you feel like you do which makes it very immersive).Pros-Guns are very fun to use and feel realistic.-Guns have modifications which make the game more interestingCons-While the guns are fun to use alot of enemies are boring to kill(To put into perspective one enemy is a sort of dog hound, You get zero satisfaction from killing it.)In conclusion: I bought this in the sale so i can forgive this game but i wouldnt recommend at the full price of £15 (unsure usd amount) but if you can get it in a sale like i did (£5) Then try this game out, its not a terrible game i just dont think its worth £15EDIT: I got a complaint that i did not touch on the story so here you go. This game actually has a fairly decent story behind it but the gameplay is pretty dull. Thats the problem regarding this game"
,Not Recommended,286690,31069979,Posted: 10 April,all,NaughtyPancake,"While not a bad game at all, I just could not get into it. The pacing is just a bit too slow for me, there isn't much to explore, and I just expected there to be more horror to the game. Don't let this review discourage you from trying it out, it's just not a game for my taste."
,Recommended,286690,11868736,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Samsquanch,"WOW! This is a comlete RIP OFF of the first game. They had the same characters, levels, and story. like wtf....Steam why would you make a rip off game like this i know your better than this, you made games like BF2 and planetside 2. ARE YOU GUYS SATAN'S MINIONS! ALSO YOU RIP OFF A BOOK TOO BY THE SAME NAME! Here's proofhttp://www.amazon.com/Metro-2033-English-Dmitry-Glukhovsky/dp/1481845705Steam please do humanity a favor and take down this abomination of a game!!! So i say this game deseves a 10/10"
76561198001239635,Not Recommended,286690,13354966,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Burn-Eden,"Terrible game.    Not because of the graphics or content, but due to the constant crashes (just search for Metro 2033 Redux crash)   Support is nonexistant."
,Recommended,286690,22878390,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Autismus,Russian soldiers calling me a dirty communist.9/11 would Vladimir Putin again
76561198019041907,Recommended,286690,11980957,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Runnerblank,"Take an amazing standout game, move it to a modern engine, grind off the rough points (Mini spoiler: for example the Nazi stairs of death in Frontline have been totally reworked to be much better), sharpen the best features (like having Spartan mode and Survial Mode depending on if you want a fast pace run and gun or the original Metro 2033 survial horror where every bullet counts) and then offer it to existing owners as a preorder for only 12.50 (if you have both games).I feel like I'm almost playing a new game and having a great time. Worth every penny of $25 dollars if you have never played it. Ranger Mode is a lot more playable and it really does looks amazing on the Metro LL engine with a rocksolid FPS.Metro Last Light Redux might not be worth it if you already own it and have all the DLC (it is more of a GOTY edition), but Metro 2033 Redux was totally worth it. Devs did a great job on these two and I can't wait to see what the next Metro will be like!"
76561198010784635,Recommended,286690,11906381,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mortalsatsuma,"This game is certainly a big improvement over the original and worth a purchase for any Metro series fan. For one it's absolutely gorgeous and plays a lot better than the original though it's not without its fair share of bugs and general annoyances.Just some of the bugs i've experienced include:*Artyom refusing to put on his gas mask in irradiated areas and thus suffocating*Some checkpoints not saving the game and thus if you die, you're often forced back a large portion of the level.*Inconsistent damage. Sometimes you'll kill for example a watchmen with one blast from your shotgun yet at the exact same range another might take 5-6 shells for no apparent reason.*Being thrown into the world geomatry, i.e after being picked up by a demon and being unable to move and again suffocating to death as artyom refuses to equip his mask despite not even taking it off bizzarely.Some users have also been reporting more serious issues like the game crahing after starting a new game or having their save files wiped. This being said, it is certainly worth a buy if you love the metro series but do be prepared to encounter some bugs and odd occurances until it gets patched.8/10"
,Recommended,286690,11907175,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Han Solo B,"I had 50 or 60% off becuase i have  original metro + last light...and after 2h of gameplay i can say only one thing, WOW just wow, game looks incredible and all the memories from original metro are coming back + all the new  secret chambers and stuff...totaly worth it."
,Recommended,286690,11891090,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,WARSKI,"Waited to finish it on Ranger Hardcore on Survival mode because of how bjorked Last Light's Ranger Hardcore mode was.Cant say Im thrilled however since you still cant check how much ammo you have in your mag through your watch.Other than that, the only negatives are that there are a few minor ragdoll clipping issuses, wierd player ""glow"" when in close proximity to certain walls.NOW FOR THE GOOD STUFF:-Game looks gorgeous, and retains the orignals atmosphere. I dunno why people are complaining that its ""too bright"", although my brightness was set to only one unit higher than the absolute minimum so take that as you will.-NPC's will no longer carry you through encounters as hard as they did in the original (This is good because they aimbotted everything fyi)-Various and enourmous AI and encounter improvements over the original, wont go into too much detail for the sake of spoilers, but npcs actually react to lights being turned off or blown out instead of wandering around like morons and the rest  of the other tweaks make the game that much more enjoyable (rather than frustrating) to play-Weapon mods and weapons from the original Last Light are shifted into 2033's metroOverall, worth the dosh if you played the original (even if you didnt like it, which is probably a much bigger sell), worth the dosh if you didnt play the original. Good game."
,Recommended,286690,11891112,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Kodalem,"So is it worth a buy?TL;DR - YesMy experiance mode:This game plays the same as the originals did, with an exception with now new Survival/Spartan mode.So I started the Metro 2033 in a spartan mode, because I wanted to see how well it plays as it was at first survival moded in the original.Graphics:Less laggy than older? Yes.Less crashing than older? Definetly, Yes.Better than the Xbone/PS 3.7 previews did? YEUSH.Gameplay:Well suited, but it is indeed the remake of the original, so you will ride a wobbily c**ky ride as you did before, it is now more shiny and slim.Story:Actualy the most interesting part of this game.Only nitpicky thing is that Artyom (Main protangonist) is a like non-talking guy, expect he flippin talks (A Bo***ks more in a BOOK)!This is an ONLY game, WHAT doesn't raid off the novel, but not holding the freedom of wandering around like a douce.Oh yeah and this game HAS kind-of-a-bit-tiny-weenie-peenie impact in your decisions.Charaters: Beautifuly ---- Dirty. What did you expect in post-apocalyptic world.BUT, they are big a** gameplay wobbler, as I said before.Stealth: Simple. A guide to not get caught and win:  1.Be in the dark."
,Recommended,286690,13409278,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Noothan,This was a very enjoyable game
,Recommended,286690,23891263,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zinkaghost,pros:-rather fun story-weapons are ok-can be a good challenge-makes me want to live in a apocolypseCONS:-did become a bit hard to know what to do next at times-did not have a very good tutorialconclusion:if your looking for a first person survival game that has alot of good story and if you dont mind some old fashion cenimatic story telling its great. cought the game on sale and was worth every cent for sure. may play again down the road but as for now i have to beat Last light now haha. good day to all!
,Recommended,286690,14065291,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,GOOD SHIT,Great game 100/10
76561197990995806,Recommended,286690,26196180,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SketchParker,"This game is fantastic.  While I expected something more along the lines of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, I recieved  something that it comparable, which is a surprise to say the least.  This game delves far into story telling, but in a fashion that is pleasant as well as exciting.  The gameplay is action packed.  The delivery is a mixture of creepy, somewhat disheartening, and at the same time somehow bringing hope for humanity.While it is a railroad RPG FPS, it still has enough options of game style to allow what you want out of the game.  It is difficult enough to challenge any skill level, as long as you aren't a little pansy and don't start off on some pathetic difficulty.  Once you start the game and learn the basics, do yourself a favor and up the difficulty to one of the Ranger modes.  Honestly, if you can't keep track of your own inventory from level to level, maybe survival FPS isn't for you.  You can choose between a more stealthy approach, to a more ""OH DAMN, I JUST MUFFED UP!"" level of gtfo.While I can't say this has the replayability of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, I can say that I'm glad I played it, and I will be playing it again when I get bored of all the other generic shooters I have stockpiled in my inventory.  There's something about the doom and gloom that makes me feel like, ""Wow, so glad the world ended..."""
76561198131120013,Recommended,286690,19732079,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,CaarL,No boobs ;(Good game overall
,Recommended,286690,17940159,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[Coppelion] Archer Kaga,Pros:Post-apocalyptic game not set in AmericaCons:The Russians speak english
76561198171605402,Recommended,286690,29877692,Posted: 12 February,all,A Cold One,LIT
,Recommended,286690,16338778,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sniffles,Plays like a Stradivarius.
,Recommended,286690,28851410,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jackfish | csgobig.com,"Bought this game because it was in the sale and..WOW..This game is amazing.. I finished Metro 2033 Redux and I just started Last Light. I never thought I would play this game but everything is just amazing. The story, the graphics  and ofcours the gameplay! I enjoy every minute if I play this game. (I play on the highest difficulty and its amazing!).So my question is.. When is the next one coming out? :)"
,Recommended,286690,27889990,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,F̉҉̤e͆҉n͟j̓͏á̕x̘,10/10 Best erie post-apocalyptic russian rollercoaster simulator.
,Recommended,286690,18776323,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mr. Bones™,Possibly one of the most atmospheric games i have ever played.
,Recommended,286690,30325600,Posted: 4 March,all,Monere,"To be honest, it didn't particularly impress me, like the Last Light. But actually, it isn't bad step for the greatest series.6/10, worth to play."
,Recommended,286690,19298103,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,skibidy,Possibly the best story-based First-Person-Shooter out there. It's definetly my favorite game above all others.
,Recommended,286690,23441424,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Burn,"У меня просто нет слов , это шедевр."
,Recommended,286690,12654957,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,✧T-VirusNaziKneeGrow,"amazing graphics, even when running on medium!"
,Recommended,286690,24378475,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,"Don'tCallMe""BlackDogs""",Metro 2033 another great fps game with good story and atmosphere with amazing graphic on redux versionI'm really like atmosphere in this game it make me feel I'm so alone on surface with danger thing surround mea sound in this game is masterpiece I'm recommend you guy play this game with headphone I'm using 7.1 Headphone and really enjoy sound of this game it pretty well done!!!!the gameplay is amazing you don't need to kill everyone or every monster in the game I'm not gonna spoil you guy just play it by yourselfonly one thing that feel wrong in this game is Ai sight When I'm walking in shadow but in front of enemy ai he doesn't see me at allDon't worry it Fps action horror game but it doesn't scary at all and with good story gameplay great atmosphere sound design and graphic it worth for spend your time and money playing this game
,Recommended,286690,24069499,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Spendyn,All the russain people say♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 realism
76561198205666868,Recommended,286690,23808101,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Decent Piece Of Bacon,"game looks supercool but DON´T buy it for your mac.i know, mac is not the best thing to game and im already struggling to find games that are playable on it.But i have the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 775M 2048 MB which is not only the minimum but the recommendet graficcard for this game.3.4 GHz intel core i5 and 16gb Ram which is all more than the recommendation.But still it runs, on the lowest grafic-settings with everything turned of, on legit 10fps (!!!!!!). so i wasted my money and have  great game in my library i cant play even tho i checked if it should work on my mac.since i could not make my experience with this game but still wanted to warn people in here who are thinking about purchacing the game for their mac, i don´t really know if i would recommend the game to others or not. This commentsection tho forces me to recommend or not recommend. i will click ""recommend"" because what i could see thru these 10 fps kinda looked real good (even tho the fps gave me eyecancer) but be aware that this thumpsup means nothing."
76561198157431951,Recommended,286690,23370480,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rocket,"very good game, probably one of the best ive played in the past 2 years that ive been on steam, its kind of like Russia's version of Fallout 4 and in my opinion its better C: definetly a game you want to try out even if its expensive"
,Recommended,286690,22982841,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Harambe's anus sweat,"The game has p90s in it, the russians use the word rush alot, coincidence? i think not. But overall the game is awesome, totally recomend 11/10 rushes to b."
76561198042235121,Recommended,286690,22909818,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Soviet Sausage,A very slav game10/10
76561198069254904,Recommended,286690,22904817,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,hungryaf,great game
76561198170279562,Recommended,286690,23299697,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Thief,"Excellent game, i finished it once but i want to finish it again.Great story, graphics.. well."
,Recommended,286690,25221412,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,snakes alive,"War, War nev- wait... wrong game...﻿Jokes aside good game must play"
,Recommended,286690,29357371,Posted: 19 January,all,RegrettedStar,What i can say ?Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light are awesome games.I spent 20 hourses in both and will play more.
76561198117493111,Recommended,286690,17126043,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Banana,"Metro 2033 Redux is a atmospheric post-apocalyptic first person shooter with superior graphics and quality. This game has an amazing storyline with great character detail and development. Metro 2033 Redux is nicely polished into a clean first person shooter with realistic shooting and gameplay. The plot is exotic, filled with rich dialouge and detail. Shooting is easy to learn but the game can be very difficult at times which helps you understand how treacherous life in the Metro is. The game can really give you a dose of anxiety since you have to withstand multiple enemies and hardships.. From fighting dozens of people during an immense blizzard to fighting creatures in the depths of the Metro tunnels... the intensity is balanced nicely, giving this game an amazing vibe. When Metro begins to calm, you're thrown back into action. The best experience is when you first step outside and witness the streams of sunlight and snow resting on the chaos and destruction. Of course there are some downsides... the length was too short for my standards and the game didn't feel fully completed by the end. I wish they expanded the variety of creatures that roam the outside world and maybe a few more weapons and attachments. But overall  great soundtrack, visuals, characters and imagery and I easily give this game a 8.4/10"
,Recommended,286690,24053949,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cornholio,I had alot of fun playing this game.The combat is good  and immersive.the story is great too.I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,286690,15593882,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,beyond-.-,"One of my All Time Favorites in HD! :)As I heard the atmospheric Game gets a Face Lift, I had shiny eyes like a kid on christmas. ;DThe Game offers all the positive Sides of Last Light and combines them with the Story of 2033! Pure Fun!For Medium-Horror Fans and Metro Fans a must have, for people looking for a new, atmospheric shooter its worth to take a look! :)"
,Recommended,286690,29002161,Posted: 4 January,all,F00dCHAiN,Wanted to have some good time with a hoe but that ***** mugged me! I knew something was wrong!10/10 - That realism tho.
76561198046446519,Recommended,286690,27897988,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Throaty Warble,">Be me, proud subterranean mole Slav>In a metro station>see vodka bar>thirsty from all the gas mask breathing>pay five bullets (mole Slav currency, of course) for a drink of vodka>bartender takes drink first, pours me one, collapses>I take drink of light alcoholic beverage>still woozy>10/10"
,Recommended,286690,11951226,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SAD Zatch,I killed a hidden homeless dude and smoked his bong. 10/10 best game of 2016
,Recommended,286690,11965785,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,So Sp00ky,"I've had the origianl Metro 2033 in my library, undownloaded for a long time now. I bought it so long ago, I forgot I even had it, so I didn't think twice when I bought this game, thinking it'd be a good chance to get into the series.And let me tell you, I wish I would have played this game sooner. This is one of those games that just changes the way you look at how you play games. I don't even want to just call it a game. I want to call it a wonderfully immersive, extremely well written masterpiece, and the gameplay was an experience itself.If you have not played the original like me, give this game a shot. It was slow to get into, yes, but when you get drawn  in, you really get drawn in the amazing world 4A games has presented us.Easily one of my favorite games of all time. I can't wait to start playing Last Light and continue Artyoms story."
,Recommended,286690,11930573,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Deathwatch27,"The developers really outdid themselves overhauling this game. It truly feels like I'm playing Metro 2033 all over again like I did a few years ago on console. From Bourbon actually moving to the stealth engine actually being functional is a new experience. And now with the ability to choose how you play, it can truly be a fight for survival throughout your entire journey through the metro. The addition of safes make scouring for the keys in ranger survival mode a very wise and helpful decision. Just remember, if it's hostile...Kill it."
,Recommended,286690,24004086,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SK |  Noob Bitch,(thai comments) ผมมีความรู้สึกว่าเกมนี้เป็นเกมที่มีเนื้อเรื่องมากๆ เท่าที่ผมเล่นมามันอะไรมากกว่าที่คิด ถ้าจะบอกว่าควรซื้อไม ผมก็ควรมันเป็นเกมที่สนุก แล้วให้เราอินไปกับเนื้อเรื่อง ผมจะคะแนน เกมนี้ที่ 10/10
,Recommended,286690,22923485,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,andycrossley100,top redux runs better than origional
76561198068298648,Recommended,286690,11963496,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,red,"Provides about 7 hours of a quality single-player storyline. It's linear and old fashion, but a very nice looking game. The gunplay is decent, and the combat overall is okay. All in all, it is a quality game for the ~7 hours of gameplay you get out of it."
,Recommended,286690,16417661,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"Metro 2033 would've been a mediocre game had it not been for the incredible story telling and captivating setting. It's because of those two aspects that I loved the game.2033 Redux is a repackaging of the game. Consider it the true Metro 2033 experience.This game addresses almost all of the most glaring issues with the original. The AI will now actually try and hunt you down instead of sticking to their positions, the visuals look better and run better, and a lot of the character models from Last Light are used here.There are some minor cosmetic gripes about the game; weapons still look a bit small, the FOV is still crap, and the buggy section is still annoying.If you're a 2033 veteran, you won't get much out of this unless you're really craving an improved experience.If you're a newcomer, this is an enthralling experience you should get.This game is fantastic."
,Recommended,286690,12266377,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,poiyobotanica,♥♥♥♥♥iest gaym ever
,Recommended,286690,11922062,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Brock,Back in the day I could barely play Metro 2033 on the old engine.The game runs smooth looks nice. (Maybe a bit too much in some cases) but plays very well.Very good immersive game.8/10
76561198025435358,Recommended,286690,18807779,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BurdenedWarrior,"I like the game:- Tight shooter- Tough game play, that's rewarding- A fast pace to stealth- Heroic storyline is the just the cherry on top"
,Recommended,286690,32540164,Posted: 18 June,all,Headspac3,monkaS dont hit me mr.Librarian monkaS
76561198297603595,Recommended,286690,33608652,Posted: 17 July,all,shaggy4k,This game have an amazing story. I completed this game in 9 hours :P
,Recommended,286690,26560330,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,❸ǠllenÏverson❸,"A huge change on the graphical side! Same story, different visions! A great remastered version of metro 2033. Worth every single penny!"
,Recommended,286690,30884962,Posted: 1 April,all,Compton,"If we are to survive,this threat must be eliminated. No matter the cost-eliminated!Protecting my home - the Metro.was something lost as well...?The next step in evolution!"
,Recommended,286690,11951623,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,mrthaggar,"Metro 2033 is an excellent game, and the redux version takes it even further.  The redux version is essentially identical to the original, only rebuilt in the lates 4A engine, which allows for a lot of additional (and highly optimised) graphical additions, such as better lighting and textures.Overall it's a really enjoyable game, and if you'd like to see some of it, I've started a full lets' play on my YouTube channel, which you can find here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=308936683Watch that or don't, Metro 2033 redux is really, very enjoyable.  Lots of action, a few scares, and a good blend of stealth and action to keep you entertained.  Well worth investing in!"
,Recommended,286690,16708890,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Siu-King**,"I loved Metro Last Light. It was an awesome stealth/gun-blazing FPS with scavenge and realism elements.Original Metro 2033 was quite♥♥♥♥♥♥for me, the graphics was old and most of all the guns were awful & stealth was BROKEN.But they fixed it all in 2033 Redux!! Seriously this game is as awesome as LL now, you can stealth right, try different approach to finish a level, even if you screw up, AI in the whole level wont be alerted and maphacked to know where you are, everything is now a proper challenge yet an enjoyable experience.Guns are cool as well, the handling is properly tuned right, the animation is wayyy more natural and smooth; and overall it feels better and cool."
76561197978101712,Recommended,286690,33166579,Posted: 2 July,all,Muad'Dib,FANTASTIC! Amazing story!
,Recommended,286690,33166466,Posted: 2 July,all,XUSKA,Best game ever
76561198007194171,Recommended,286690,33176102,Posted: 3 July,all,Ouroboros,It's fun.
,Recommended,286690,17301038,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,xPaw,👍
76561198043850136,Recommended,286690,22944959,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Poltergeist,I've finished the original Metro 2033 on my old xbox 360 and now i bought this one on steamOne of the best (if not The Best) single player i've ever played....simply Awesome!
,Recommended,286690,33130758,Posted: 2 July,all,Leon S Kennedy,"ahh,idk why but i get boring playing this game.but i like the concept/? really make me want to know more and more"
,Recommended,286690,31832362,Posted: 18 May,all,freiheit ist nicht frei,like stalker but you get your face torn off by a nosalie rather than getting mutilated by a whirligigits good
,Recommended,286690,11889385,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Cripto,Metro 2033 looking and playing like Last Light. Well worth the price it is a true overhall and remake of the game and a hell of a lot of fun.
76561198034461087,Recommended,286690,13357145,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ANKH,"I bought a fps because it looked good even though i know i hate fps. I ended up regretting it immediately and thinking i wasted 16. Usd. Then i went back and played it again. This gaae made me love fps games! Awesome graphics gameplay, story, get it.Also, as a side note, even though i more than exceed the recommended specs if i try to max out the graphics on all ultra i only run 15 fps. Rec specs amd 7870 i have a 7950. Intel processor at 2.4 ghz. I have an i 5 4670k @ 4.2 ghz. That means this game isnt as optimized as it claims to be, but at 15 fps it still plays smpoth, dont ask me how"
76561198320441327,Recommended,286690,33138165,Posted: 2 July,all,Dustpan,for some odd reason everyone is invisible including the enemies and it just shows floating equipment. it may have installed wrong or something but whatever happened it's not working and unplayable. same exact thing happened to Metro Last Light. it would be a great game if i could actually play it.
,Recommended,286690,26029122,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Edwark12,"Everything you need for a good game is there, along with some glitch but screw that it's plain awesome."
,Recommended,286690,28673685,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BlendedDeep,"Good game. Kinda hard for normal diff, but had plenty of supplies tho"
,Recommended,286690,24117787,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FxM. Ethan,"This game was so russian, it colonized my PC."
,Recommended,286690,30154008,Posted: 24 February,all,ghozt,"Haven't gotten around to finishing this game but damm!Metro is probably one of those shooters that doesn't hold you hand. Metro 2033 redux has got to be one of the few games that have good level design, Sound and variety on how you want to handle a situation.If you want a shooter that is different than the rest of the♥♥♥♥♥♥we get these days then i suggest you pick up metro 2033 redux.P.S: This game is not for COD kiddies."
76561198209204952,Recommended,286690,28824109,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spekosaurus,worth your money
,Recommended,286690,28780256,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mbebb,good story and get me shocked every i play this game
,Recommended,286690,22475628,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ben Dover,">Appatently a rangers weekly earnings are 45 bullets,a small glass of shroom vodka cost me 5.>I can still see the dark ones in my nightmares.>Barbed pipe bombs stick to enemy armour.>Librarians.>Stealing bullets from metro peasants who just hide them in the least obvious places.>Turning your revolver into a carbine just when the 6 round shotgun comes up.>Needs more kalash.>If the metro people live off mushrooms,vodka and pork,how do they not have scurvy?>I can get high.>No one told me♥♥♥♥♥♥about the morale point system.>Bourbon.YES MY MISTRESS,I WILL HEAR YOU,YES,YES ALWAYS ALWAYS!!!OH YOUR SONGS ARE MAGNIFICENT,SING MORE,SING ONLY FOR ME!!!"
,Recommended,286690,11892633,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Frozh22,"So.. I'll be honest, the Metro series is one of my fav series.. I am sad that we won't be seeing a sequel of Last Light to my knowledge but there is a few problem with this current version, at least with the start.. Many times I couldn't play because mission got stuck in a sequence like a cutscene or just anything like taping E or more and it never leaves the option unless I leave the game or restart the game.. I was a bit sad that the stealth isn't the best, I was infront of an AI and he didn't even notice me.. Until I turned on my flashlight.. It's a minor thing but I still am enjoying my series with the better graphics :) Reason for not saying anything good.. it's obvious.. other then these bugs the game is EPIC !I still enjoyed it, these bugs happened 4-5 times.. Not a lot in my opinion, a lesser issue was.. People (Enemies) and Ammunition floaitng and being in the wrong spot..Examples :Ammunitions in the wrong sport, cannot pick up unless looking at a body and pressing E on it 4 meters down from where I was looking fromhttp://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/43103517914515256/4C28B589CC368DAEBACFD8AB35B1BD465D0D31D4/Floating and sitting man.. He's not on the chair.. What else must be saidhttp://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/43103517914509745/E50F6D2E2ABA7857883682A2C6AC5FCE70EAE6FC/"
76561198151468652,Recommended,286690,23976880,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,VELOCiTY,Great game 9/10 would play it again.metro 2033 redux was a remake to the metro 2033 with improved gaphics.even if its not in sale i recommend this game to anyone intrested in Post-Apocalyptic survival games.this game also has a great story with multiple collectable items.
,Recommended,286690,14491269,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
,Recommended,286690,27899791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wolf.haley.exe,"I loved this game. I bought it during the steam autumn sale and finished it in 2 days. Amazing storyline, almost as good, weapon custumization. great shooting system. I have no regrets for buying this game. Truely amazing"
,Recommended,286690,16524230,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wilhelm II,out of filters simulator 10/10
,Recommended,286690,25072013,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SzendoO,"Compared to books: Well, its not the same. But in short-term, an enjoyable game with slightly curved gameplay"
,Recommended,286690,16607096,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nagash the Undying King,"One of my all time favorite games/series, and without a doubt the cream of the crop in terms of story, characters, and atmosphere. Redux makes a great game even better. Don't just buy this game to play it, buy this game to immerse yourself in the post-apocalyptic world of Metro, which I promise is one you will not soon forget, chuvak!10/10 A+, same goes for Last Light, and I HIGHLY reccomend reading the novels!Enter the Metro."
76561198072091523,Recommended,286690,16614602,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Deetchroit,GET IT BEFORE THE SALE ENDS OH GOD PANIC
,Recommended,286690,11916603,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[-30] Jake,"I would definitely recommend this game if you're a big fan of the Metro series. It has many improvements over the original game especially to ranger mode. You can check your inventory using your journal now, and important decisions do have hud overlays to make sure you don't accidentally click the wrong button. As for the graphical improvements, Metro 2033 Redux runs a lot better than the original, and also looks a lot better. The visual fidelity has been lifted up quite a bit, and many of the small gripes with the original game are now gone. The only issues I have had so far is that the game uses Last Light's AI and Stealth system. This sometimes does not fit very well, but that really only applies to one level. The rest of the levels work very well with the new system. If you've never played the Metro series before, I would recommend you start with the redux version if you can afford it. Both games are great, and will provide you with the same experience."
76561198065775960,Recommended,286690,32077431,Posted: 30 May,all,Nasum,This game is giving me PTSD.
76561198140005743,Recommended,286690,28640295,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kitrap,Get it for the ATOMSPHERE!
,Recommended,286690,29048437,Posted: 5 January,all,IfYouKnowYouKnow,FPS meets acid trip 11/10 would drink vodka again
,Recommended,286690,20234850,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Defensive General,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,286690,19695484,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,𝓩𝓮~𝓦𝓸𝓵𝓯𝓮,Hard to run. But is fun to play. My CSGO skills have been triggered!
76561198033514079,Recommended,286690,29252694,Posted: 14 January,all,BurnWoodLee,"Great game, perfect atmosphere, recommended!!!"
76561198074152460,Recommended,286690,29982027,Posted: 17 February,all,Ingenious Retard,"This game has violated me emotionally, and I have no emotions..."
,Recommended,286690,30000810,Posted: 17 February,all,RiPC0RD,"first things first(rip my english), i loved it and after the redux launch many glitches are corrected . the sad thing is like every gamer who played this , you dont get to kill the winged beast wishfully( realised after dying 9 times in a row LMAO). on the other hand it takes a considerable amount of graphical power (i played this on macbook pro windows booted : 512 mb vram). the story is immersive and bit scary if you play in 3 in the morning ( goes worse if you are alone in the game : you will in some chapters).the honest part ............i never had any intention to play this game cause i bought it in the steam summer sale  for a steap low price, was just collecting some games and now i am downloading the metro last light cause of the bad boy ( this game keeps me hyped for hours , LITERALLY HOURS. no place in this game where you can feel like to drop the hammer and rest a bit and if you are gonna play in the survival mode it goes haywire you have to keep track of every frickin bullet you shoot cause its the only money you got( spoiler alert!!!!!!!) yes the ammo its the currency of the game and i would recommend not to shoot in the frickin sky or or try to spell send nudes on a damn wall .thats it cause i dont want to spoil the surprise of the game. play it and you will realise you awsome this game is even for apotato pc standard in 2017... good luck guys keep gaming"
,Recommended,286690,23905802,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Stress,masterpiece.looks like rusty fallout but veri good.if you have played cs:go you should know the langague in this game two.10/11
,Recommended,286690,32359000,Posted: 11 June,all,Class [E] Legend,"Be me, Russian 20-something years oldLiving in metro station while Americans live safely in vaults after apocalypseNeed to go to Polis because reasons.jpgMeet awesome guy named after American ♥♥♥♥♥ liquor who promises me his gunAwesomesauce.gifThat feel when friend gets kidnappedMeet brand new friend after losing old oneWoot wootNew friend is a hippy monk, he's got a gun so who caresNew friend brings me to Curse station, so we can restNew friend's friends lost their friends to monster#notmyproblemfriendThey tell me to go blow up a tunnel, but they will protect me if too many monsters eat my faceProceeds to get ambushed by 5-6 monsters, didn't stop to count could have been a millionRun to new protector friendsThe look in their eyes as they stood there and did nothing as a million monsters gave me a makeoverPriceless"
,Recommended,286690,16126076,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Bigby,"This game is as beautiful as it is intuitive. It's easy to get entranced in the post apocalyptic future of 2033's glory and its brutality. Every step brings Artyom from bad to worse, and the game better and better. You will want to read the book by the time the credits roll."
,Recommended,286690,34197546,Posted: 12 August,all,Alexandra Bloomquist,This game basically teached me how to survive in Russia.
76561198115394909,Recommended,286690,31868479,Posted: 20 May,all,Charles Lucard,"Not extremely scary, but keeps you on your toes. Great story, to be expected since it is based off a book. Overall, it is a good game! Buy this if it appeals to your taste."
,Recommended,286690,31891858,Posted: 21 May,all,Somilian Pirate,10/10 won't trust Nikki the thot.
,Recommended,286690,12592325,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Satanic | Chernobyl,"This is a fantastic release.  I put many hours into the original Metro 2033 and wasn't sure how the original could be improved.  I was wrong.  Not only have the engine and graphics been improved, but there have been gameplay additions and changes that help the game feel like a better experience.  I highly recommend picking this up even if you hvae the original Metro 2033 because there are differences.  I absolutely enjoyed playing through the game again and I wish only that I had more time to devote to this game.I'm running the game on an AMD FX-6350 at stock speeds with an AMD R9-270 with 8GB of RAM.  While I can run the original with no problem, this game runs just as well in 1080p."
76561197985459797,Recommended,286690,25171086,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,AnderZ EL,Very good game fps mixed with some horror and not the bad kind of horror but very good kind!Must buy if you like fps game swith horror parts and good storry.
,Recommended,286690,12254091,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Laboriax,"This is really good. The new engine and improved graphics makes this game totally playable.  I first played Metro 2033. Although impressed with the graphics, it has a very old fashion feel to the game due to the game engine. However, this Redux version fixes that and its like laying a different game. Smooth, very detailed finish - Very impressive. The monsters can get a little repetative but they give you a double barrel shotgun with 4 rounds across your mouse buttons to dispell them with little fuss.  Gets a bit bloody from the splatter - but they gonna eat you - right!"
,Recommended,286690,12194965,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SUNBOT,"Such a large improvment on the original bringing in a completely different game with the new hud, textures and everything else. The game was just fun to play compared to the original as everything is beautiful from the lighting to the spiderlings, those creepy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If you have not played a Metro game grab this one when it is on sale over the original as the differences are so much and this game just has so much more visually and gameplay wise."
,Recommended,286690,12282783,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Moved,"I buy ammo, with ammo11/10"
,Recommended,286690,12329922,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Scoobs and Doobs,"Wow! Just wow. This game is amazing. This game is so beautiful, be it the claustrophobic metro or the toxic surface you will stand there gawping at the scenery. It can be a challenging game at times when ammo is running short and you are being chased by a pack of watchmen. But that makes the game exiting. This is one of them games where you will want to explore every part possible making sure you have not missed a single note or a single bullet. The story is amazing and is pretty easy to understand. The game can also give you the odd scare at times and can make you panic wasting quite a few rounds. In my opinion it’s better than Metro Last Light simply because the surface looks so much cooler and the Metro feels much more claustrophobic and you want to make each bullet count. This is of course the Redux edition and there some new places that was not in the original. Also the guns are much better than they were in the original. So yes overall I would give it the following ratings:Story: 8/10Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 9/10Overall: 8/10"
76561198039585522,Recommended,286690,12265545,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,Quirky cult classic turned into probably the best first-person-shooter on the market.  Absolutely stunning remake.  Somehow this pulled 60 fps maxed out in 1080p on my good-but-not-great machine that struggled with the original 2033 (which looks like a PS2 game in comparison by the way).  4A knows their♥♥♥♥♥♥  What's every other company's excuse?
76561198122481188,Recommended,286690,12305795,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cryptographix,One of the best survival games by far. This takes me back to the days of the first gears of war. The only difference is the combat is way more real. You are not superman. Your lighting is limited. Situational awareness is key. This game is very gritty is a post apocalyptic nuclear holocaust. You survive in the tunnels. The enviroment is the most detailed I've ever seen in a survival game. You have to manage supplies and watch your back. I've played some pretty gory and scary games. This game will make you jump no matter what your horror threshold is. If your looking for something suspenseful and your a fan of horror survival then this is the game for you. You will not regret this purchase.
76561198054869183,Recommended,286690,12214464,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Augeron,"Metro 2033 took me a while to get into, but once I got going I was fully absorbed the whole time.  The Redux is a must have for anyone who enjoyed the original.  It is an incredibly immersive experience, and I had a blast.  The graphical update is awesome, the new menus are great, and the over all feel of the game is fantastic. With the new textures, the atmosphere really comes to life, giving you a whole new ""perspective"" so to speak.  It is a little brighter than the original in places so perhaps a little less intimidating, but at no point did I feel like this was a loss to the game.Originally I struggled with whether or not to buy this because I have the original Metro 2033.  I made the right choice in buying it.  It is much more than just a graphical update, but the graphics were personally my favorite part.10/10 Would play again.P.S - F*** the librarians"
,Recommended,286690,12238501,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Knoxxie,Running out of Ammo Simulator 2014
,Recommended,286690,12246690,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[Believe] Tochūmaru,What can i say....it's Metro
76561198029015946,Recommended,286690,12284356,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Red-Rog,"A must have true 64bit title a distinct improvement over the original that runs at a promised 60fps on full fat but not without glitches but thats nothing new , tinkering with audio settings via windows helps with crashing i find but not 100% still occasionaly get a crash but compared to the original much more stable , the graphics are twice good and game play is as slick as ice with M/K combo but typically sluggish with controller .still a very linear game well it has to be really doesnt it with a title like metro i was dissapointed by how very little more that was added in terms of playable areas ,but some previously unplayable zones were open up a little .on the whole a good deal honestly im amazed they took a second shot at it and glad they did now i can justify a chunky rig ."
76561198097944533,Recommended,286690,12343541,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,can3r89,5*
,Recommended,286690,12380762,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BearZerk,"This game is amazing. Truly dark and if you try the hardest difficulty you will feel that animal side of you kick in for the need to survive in the apocalypse.Great game, worth every penny, sad to see THQ go but glad to see a reboot of a great game."
76561197994408262,Recommended,286690,12398121,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,zamt,I really enjoyed this game for start to end. buy it do it you know you wanna.
76561198027793067,Recommended,286690,12484049,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Venerated Arrow,"This game is amazing. Hands down. I remember playing this game when it first came out, and it terrified me. The only problem I have so far is the fact that everytime I go into a cutscene after getting the nightvision goggles, it automatically puts the night vision goggles on, and I cant take them off if the scene wont allow me to switch between anything. Like the Trolly battle, before I got onto the troll, when the cut scene happened for me to get on it, the nightvision goggles turned on, and I couldnt take them off the ENTIRE trolly batttle. When I finally got to the Black Station after helping the child, when I went into that cutscene the goggles flicked on, and I couldnt take them off the entire time I was at the encampment, so I had to buy all my gear and such with the NVG on. Really annoying, specially for streaming and recording. Please fix this."
,Recommended,286690,12458865,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,holmaed,"If you have never played these games, your life is incomplete, and you NEED to buy this. If you played the originals and you're on the fance about buying the redux versions, do it. I guarantee you will not regret it, even if you payed full price, they're worth every cent.  I played the originals and Last Light was one of the greatest experiences of my life. It was definitely the better of the two. After playing this remake through, I believe 2033 is now my favorite of the two. They essentially made this Last Light 2.0 with 2033's amazing story. They out did themselves and you can tell how precious these games are to them, by the unreal amount of care the put into remaking these games. Be ready to lock yourself into a room for a few days as this game becomes your life, once again, or for the first time."
,Recommended,286690,12316671,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,"Was really afriad to buy this remake but thank god i did runs better, better effects and still keeps the origianl storyline and adds a lot to make this worht the buy"
76561198014056666,Recommended,286690,12449310,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Père Duchesne,"Metro 2033 Redux is not merely an HD cash-grab. Far from it. There is simply no other way to enjoy this, admittedly already great, game. It would be wrong to even say that the biggest improvement over the original game is the visuals--though they are significantly better. The Redux version has a vastly improved stealth-combat system which makes playing as a 'ranger' with little ammo much more entertaining. Additionally, if you have a PC that can handle most of the games coming out these days, you will find there is a shocking performance improvement from the original game. Gone are most of the frame-skips which plagued combat and movement in the original game, it runs far smoother just as you may have experienced playing Last Light. I would assume Nvidia players will also experience even better visuals and particle effects with PhyX, but I cannot comment on that, owning an AMD card myself.I must also disagree with those reviewers who have said the emphasis on lighting in the visual improvements makes the game less scary. For one, games are never quite as scary the second time round or thereafter. But more importantly, Metro was never scary for its abundance of pitch-black places. You always have a flashlight available within a second or two even if it needs recharging. The atmosphere of the post-apocalyptic Moscow Metro made the game 'scary' and gave it the mood so loved by the fans--the Redux's visuals only add to the level of immersion and therefore help to build the franchise's unique atmosphere. As somebody who has also read and very much enjoyed the novel by Dmitry Glukhovsky, I can also say that the contents of Artyom's 'notes' and a few other features in the game actually bring it much more in-line with the progress of the novel.In short, the Metro franchise has become one of, if not *the* best FPS franchise on the market currently. Metro 2033 Redux brings to the original game the polish of Last Light while still maintaining so much of the atmosphere that made it seem the better game of the two. Now there is no doubt which of the two is superior. This is a must-play for fans of the original as well as people trying it for the first time--aside from perhaps the hardcore fan, there is no point in playing the original after this release. 9.5/10."
76561198043506227,Recommended,286690,12338754,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Bjorn Ironside,Great Game I havent finished it yet but its amazing graphics are soo cool and  story is growing on me i like this game
,Recommended,286690,32377323,Posted: 12 June,all,thinkOG,10/10
,Recommended,286690,11892291,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,The Undying,"♥♥♥♥♥s now have more boobs, rounder asses and even jiggle physics. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198000712446,Recommended,286690,15470371,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Rojigami,"A lengthy, story driven single player experience. This is almost too hard to ask for by today's standards. A must buy for all shooter fans!!"
76561197991921781,Recommended,286690,12505223,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Stroganov,A perfect game. A piece of art on all accounts.
76561198255149084,Recommended,286690,23937900,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WEAK LION,رائعةمرعبة قليلاً
76561198029661433,Not Recommended,286690,17047952,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Murdoc [NL],"so i played the original metro 2033 and thought sure why not pick up the bundle with the redux and last light. get the game how they wanted it to be, now with it being all polished out and improved.well they managed to make jumping awful... making pathways nearly impossible at times due to the pixel precise aim that needed to stick a landing. sure i LOOOOOVE having to do the same jump 9 times to get to bourbon. sure i love spending 20 minutes over the airpipes in the reds vs the germansim surprized aswell how eventhough this game isnt new anymore there are still a lot of easily found bugs. reloading the airrifle and it sticks in the pump mode, character ai in combat just standing around getting happyslapped by the 'noses' ai just standing around whilst it needed to perform action X, the part where you and bourbon have to hold ground whilst the noses attack and you have to wait for the door to open. first 2 waves of noses 'just' spawned ran up and stood around. 3rd wave seemed to completely ignore bourbon and only go after me whilst bourbon just stood around polishing his knob.try opening the map to see where youre supposed to go and youll have artyom flick his lighter about 4 times before you actually have your compass showing where to go. great when youre in stealthsure they changed things in this redux, but i dont understand how they managed to keep the bad and even make worse some of the parts in the originalill admit, i rage quitted this game after failing sneaking past the german front line for over 2 hours but this game so isnt an improvement over the original.buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,286690,17403203,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,this ♥♥♥♥ing game crashes so much
,Not Recommended,286690,16526701,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,chandrila,"This was a difficult one to review.  I tried playing it once a few months ago and found it difficult to get into for some reason - it just irritated me and I found the controls clunky.I tried again more recently and it was more enjoyable, once I'd played with the key bindings and been a bit more patient with the game.The graphics are certainly very good.  The audio is a mixed bag - this is one of the few times that I've had to turn subtitles on in a game, because the dialogue is often impossible to hear clearly; even when standing a short distance from other characters.  The music is forgettable and certainly doesn't really add to the atmosphere very much.  The setting itself though is intriguing and well-realised and it's refreshing to see a game set in an unusual (i.e. non-American) locale.  I don't understand why Artyom is a silent protagonist in-game though when he narrates the loading screens - there aren't that many instances where it's really noticeable, but it seems like an odd decision.The combat mechanics are pretty decent though I found my gun auto-aiming for me at times (certainly not reliably, so I didn't find very useful - if they're going to insist on auto-aim, then at least make it work properly) and I couldn't find a setting to turn that off, which was frustrating. The level design varies considerably from ""extremely good"" to ""frustratingly obtuse"".  Considering that it's a fairly linear game, it was disappointing to have to resort to online walkthroughs on more than one occasion because it was entirely unclear where to go next.The most frustrating aspect of the game however is just how buggy it is.  I'm running a reasonably high-end gaming rig and experienced crashes.  Crashes to desktop.  Crashes to black.  Crashes when exiting a level.  Crashes when loading.  Crashes at the opening menu.  Total system lock-ups on more than one occasion, necessitating a hard reset.  The game randomly unbound every single keyboard command once for fun, requiring me to edit a configuration file manually to be able to use the ESC key to pause the game.  The mouse sometimes doesn't seem to stay bound to my main monitor when in game either, so sometimes firing a weapon would instead cause the game to minimise to the desktop, believing that I suddenly wanted to read an e-mail in Outlook on my other screen (I did not).All-in-all, I can't recommend the game in its current state.  I certainly don't think it deserves the level of praise that it receives.  It is decent, sometimes even very good, but it is not an instant classic by any means and the repeated issues with the game's stability come close to ruining the experience."
,Recommended,286690,29903827,Posted: 13 February,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,286690,30230857,Posted: 27 February,all,FuscusNight,"I absolutely love the original Metro 2033 however it did have some glaring problems such as the broken stealth system that made doing low kill stealth runs for the good ending a pain. Thankfully Redux fixes that by using the much improved Last Light stealth system and on top of that improves the visuals by upgrading them to the latest A4 engine which Last Light used and they even fully re-did a fair amount of areas in the game so even veterans like me who played through the original a good 4 or 5 times will be surprised by some new things.All in all, Redux is a fantastic upgrade from the flawed jewel that was the original metro 2033. However it did introduce some minor new bugs, some volumetric lights for some reason create ugly looking pixelated outlines around characters models and there's two parts in the game which have conflicting textures layers which causes texture flickering on them.If you played the original or a newcomer to the franchise, I'd say Redux version of 2033 is a must for anyone who loved the original and for anyone who loves post apocalyptic games."
,Recommended,286690,30495450,Posted: 13 March,all,JoelTheElephant,9/10 Spooky Spicy
76561198145070755,Recommended,286690,23771370,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kreg from Microsoft,"I mostly play silly games such as Gmod, I have serious games, here and there. But this is by far the best FPS openworld post apoctalyptic game ever. This makes Fallout 4 look like Call of Duty Infinite Warfare. lol. I got it 2 days ago and already have 31 hours on it!"
76561198119743350,Recommended,286690,23779293,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Clad-In-Armour,Russian accents...check.Scary Monsters...♥♥♥♥ing check.Dark and damp places... check (not sure if this was the game's locations or my pants).Guns and running outta ammo to use said guns...♥♥♥♥ing check.Shooting money when running out of ammo to use said guns = bankruptcy...checkAmazing story and detail...big ♥♥♥♥ing check.I give this 10/10 gas masks filters.
76561198163736788,Recommended,286690,33352692,Posted: 7 July,all,ZiEXEN,The bestt!!!!
,Recommended,286690,34651457,Posted: 31 August,all,*_HUNTER_the_TERROR_*,Awesome
76561198048855333,Recommended,286690,17328524,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,☜☯☞Englands☜☯☞,one of the best games i have played in a good while :)  oi oi
,Recommended,286690,26098014,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TOGHOST,"This is a nice game that had a very awesome atmosphere.This game made my pc crying. It can only run this game on low graphic, around 50-80 fps indoor, and when it comes to outdoor, it goes to 20-40 fps.Even though the NPC animation is bad, it won't bother you so much.Very recommended if you buy the Redux Bundle when it's on sale.- 8/10 -"
,Not Recommended,286690,15295211,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,p.oblodra,"Don't work on win8.1(ccommon issue, no tech support, no steam help)"
76561198073472922,Recommended,286690,17379459,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lunken Perk,Improved stealth so the ai's dont flip♥♥♥♥♥♥when you kill a enemy thats not in there line of sight
,Recommended,286690,32400306,Posted: 13 June,all,Gattsuuuu,Gives fps a good name
76561198056516209,Recommended,286690,18666582,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Eskillz,"Pros:+ Amazing graphics (ran quite well too, and only crashed once during my one sitting playthrough).+ Fantastic atmosphere.+ Great voice acting in all languages.+ Superb and original story.+ Tonnes of original gameplay elements and gimmicks.Cons:- Ok, this is gonna be a long one. So, my main gripe with Metro 2033 is that you always seem to be escorted throughout the game. I'm not against support characters, but in a game so heavily focused on immersion and atmosphere it would be a much better design choice to let the player experience this amazing world by themselves, feel the tension, get lost, scavenge for supplies and feel the lonelyness and sadness of this dark foreboding place. Instead, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comes and babysits you every 30 minutes, blabbering about some random topic and doing all the things the player could be doing! It really detracts from the experience, and it feels like the developers thought the average player couldn't complete this game on their own.-The stealth is wonky at best.-The weapons don't feel all that great, they lack the ""mmph"" a powerful set of weapons should have.I reccomend putting off an entire day just for playing Metro 2033, because the story and atmosphere are truly it's strongpoints, and multiple sittings might break the immersion a bit. Plus, it's not the longest game on the planet, only 6-7 hours. Turning on russian dialouge helps sell the game too, and I personally reccomend playing it that way. Great game, but I probably won't be playing it again.Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,16618461,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Crusherz,"Very good game, great storyline!"
76561197984923945,Not Recommended,286690,29264048,Posted: 14 January,all,krutejbalvan,"this game can be good, but it is not working, and i see i am not only one...there is lot of forums about it, but no real working solutions, only ♥♥♥♥♥ like..use crack from here, try this or that, rewrite that....stop...this is not first steam game that have problems that cannot be solved...i can play fallout 3 only after instaling clean new windows, after few months it always starts crash....bioshock 2 is unplayable...but at least i can start it.....this♥♥♥♥♥♥dont even starts, it has some idiotic resolution problems, so it is working...but you cant see nothing, only some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ error from your monitor....soo..dont buy it until anybody find solution...."
,Recommended,286690,25222299,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,Russians and angry Russian Nazis? Awesome game (8/10)
,Recommended,286690,33907989,Posted: 30 July,all,cRITERIOn™,srdiddtydit
,Recommended,286690,34316588,Posted: 17 August,all,BrotherLewis,Old school FPS with atmosphere. Turn everything down and you can play it on mid spec hardware
,Recommended,286690,26311762,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr.Spookyman,This game is an accurate representation of an ordinary day in Mother Russia.
76561198122610513,Recommended,286690,28445301,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JYFP (johnny),"Hello Im not the sort of person who would write a review but this game has to be given some props. The amount of work put into this game must of been a substancial amount. To all other people thinking to buy this game, Firstly this game will give your more than something to do on a saturday afternoon but you will get idicted, to be honest i think this is the first game ill remeber for a very long time Good Job 4a Games keep doing the good work!"
,Recommended,286690,34852715,Posted: 9 September,all,Jakaryy,"The Good Stuff++Survival Horror FPS with some sci-fi twists and stealth sections thrown in here and there for your silent protagonist+Chilling acoustic soundtrack accompanies the majority of the game+Ammo is scarce, regardless of difficulty played, so make sure to conserve and shoot wisely. And not just ammo is scarce...+Despite a linear story, the flow of the story fits well inside the eerie metro+Countless enemies: Bandits, Nazis, monsters and.... librarians?+Even though the game takes 8-12 hours to beat, you still get to know the personalities of the side characters in the game pretty well and they're some interesting people you come across+The friendly AI are actually very helpful and kill enemies+A lot of good one liners, very good script writing and some decent humor throughout the game+SPOILER ALERT!The game has two endings actually, and you have to do certain unnoticeable things during the game to acquire the second one. Good luck.The Ok Stuff=Stealth gameplay early on is very easy and rather mediocre, it ramps up big time as the game progresses however=Not a lot of aspects in the game get a tutorial, which makes for some figuring out yourself but also creates some confusion early on. No sweat, I got by, and I suck when it comes to horror... or video games in generalThe Bad Stuff-The occasional glitch where an enemy soldier doesn't die when you shoot him or throw a knife at him, happened 2 or 3 times for me-Night vision never worked... didn't want it anyways... ok maybe I did want it badly-SPOILER ALERT!Sometimes the librarians would charge me as soon as they saw me. I know to stare at them, I know not to run or turn around, but as soon as we met eyes they charged. Probably missing something and I'm dumb but I was upset towards the end of the whole library... and petrified.TL:DRNuked out world resulting in sheltering in the subways... FULL of monsters.The Truthful Hard FactsAcquirement MethodMetro Redux BundlePrice Paid$5 (Roughly)Length8-12 hoursDifficulty Played OnNormal SpartanRig UsedMain ComputerThe Elaborate and Perplexing Scoring System10. Overdraw your bank account if needed9. Buy this at your next earliest convenience8. The dictionary definition of ""Good""7. Shirley you won't be disappointed, and don't call me surely6. A good worthwhile purchase that you should give a chance5. You may like it bro, you may not like it bro4. Probably should pass on this swiftly3. Not a complete waste of my time thankfully2. This was more of a waste of time than my ex the 3rd time1. Press F to Pay RespectsCheck out my Steam group for more Reviews!STEAM REVIEWS GROUP!"
76561198105759366,Recommended,286690,34243267,Posted: 14 August,all,sheogorath,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,286690,33635778,Posted: 18 July,all,`KoyoT,You'll become a russian when you finish the game xd
,Not Recommended,286690,23867363,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jakeri,"The game itself is great, but the linux version is totally unplayable because you can't manually set the resolution and for me it doesn't detect the screen size correctly so all I get is a 640x400 window on 4k screen.Technical support is basically non existing, only told to check file integrity. When I politely told that it doesn't help and asked how to set the resolution manually they stopped answering at all."
,Recommended,286690,21167530,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,d4kocan,"Great gameplay, amazing story.. love this game :3Worth to buy it :3"
76561198112964277,Recommended,286690,31034571,Posted: 9 April,all,sone miyuki,"love this topic,great atmosphere"
76561198103646020,Not Recommended,286690,13604792,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Littlepiggie,"this game caught my attention and i was really looking forward to playing it I even sat by my computer through the last hour of it downloading to find out on the start up it crashes and returns me to my desktop and apperently I'm not the only one. I feel like the producers should fix this problem as soon as possible becuase it makes people like me annoyed and feels like I got ripped off considering this problem still isn't fixed and this game has been out for a while. If anyone knows how to fix this problem I'd gladly like to know, thanks"
,Recommended,286690,11977448,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Buff Beefbroth,"Not quite the refinement it probably could've been. The original Metro 2033 was a great game with some rough edges and a few frustrating moments. Instead of ironing these parts out a bit, Metro Redux trades some old frustrations for some new ones so it's kind of a wash, depending on where your preferences lay. I'd definitely say Redux is not for people who already played and loved 2033. It's more for people who didn't play or couldn't get into it the first time around, or who have only played Last Light, and there's nothing really wrong with that. It's still a fun game with a great atmosphere that should be experienced by as many people as possible."
,Recommended,286690,22916259,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,robvold,Buy this game.
76561197998961385,Not Recommended,286690,13335686,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Afterburner,"Overall, the game is annoying. Pros of the game: Very immersive. Fantastic visuals and graphics. Outstanding realism. Action is exciting. Cons of the game: It's very difficult in three different ways. The first way is the weak guns. Either I'm a lousy shot, I am using the wrong guns, or the guns are too weak for the mutants. Another difficulty is the lack of tutorials when it comes to inventory interfaces. It took me too long to figure out what was what. Lastly, I got ridiculously lost, and I have a great sense of direction. I've grown up playing tons of adventure games, and none of them have run me in as many circles as this game did.And the final dislike against this game is that, within at least the first four or five action scenes, you have to fight the same kind of mutant. It gets really old. Super Mario Bros. for NES had more enemies than this game does. I think this might be a game I'll play when my friends are at my house. Then when I get totally stumped, we can all be stumped together. I paid 17 bucks for this game. I don't feel swindled, but I feel like buying 17 candy bars may have been a better investment."
76561198048750294,Recommended,286690,14045279,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Oshino Shinobu,"This will probably be my first serious review so I'm just going to do it in a simple pro/con formatProsVisual upgrade from the original Metro 2033, it is a pretty good visual upgrade too!A very good storyline and adaptation from the bookYou choose whether you want to go guns blazing or sneaky beaky like for majority of the game.Wide variety of weapons and attachments that all cater to different play styles.ConsSometimes derpy AIex: You finish a part and the ai needs to open door to continue, but he just stands there forever questioning what he is doing with his life. (quite literally)Same glitches from original remain in this versionNo control scheme or even tutorial for most of the things in the game.Options doesn't contain how to pull out lighter, how to check your watch for Oxygen, or even how to wipe your mask or pick up a new one.Overal I reccomend this game, I usually can't finish games like this because I get too anxious that something will jump out at me (because I suck with playing Horror games or anything like them), but I really wanted to finish this game because the story made me want to progress.It does have quite a few game breaking bugs, but I have only actually ran into maybe one or two of them.I'll give this game a 7/10. It has a great story but can be ruined for a lot of people by the amount of bugs it has."
,Recommended,286690,30697952,Posted: 23 March,all,Brian_Williams,"Gave a homeless Russian a bullet and he blows a raspberry at me. 10/10Funnyness aside, I had real fun with this game. To be frank, this was one of the few games that I felt sad when some of my fellow comrades whom I shared a good amount of time with died in front of me.It made me feel terrified when I went out to the surface alone. Not knowing if I'll make it back alive. Everything being quiet one moment and then the next moment being swarmed by giant man eating dogs which I've already forgotten the name of. Being picked up by demons of the sky and then thrown. The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g  Librarian level. THE LIBRARIAN LEVEL. I HAVE NEVER FELT MORE PANIC AND ANGUISH IN MY LIFE. STARING DOWN A GOD DANG APE, IT BEING THE ONLY DETERRENT BESIDES FROM YOUR WEAPON WHICH DOESN'T HAVE THE FIREPOWER TO BRING IT DOWN!This game is amazing and I can't wait for another one to be made after Last Light. I've never met a more amazing horror game. I love it. Yes. Love, is amazing.EDIT **************So the first playthrough I got the bad ending, which was alright since it was my first playthrough and didn't know what to expect. It was great.Second playthrough, I made sure not to screw anything up and got every moral point I could and I got the good ending, which was also great. This game was pretty cool."
,Recommended,286690,20094462,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,forfb,"Thinking about this game, happily, makes me comfortable, since I remember that gameplay itself was real fun. Nuclear, post-apocalyptic life underground - originaly shown in Mr. Dimitry Glukhovsky's book titled 'Metro 2033' - is full of darkness, mysteries and mutated creatures is astonishing and addictive. What is more, I find having multiple endings very good idea (it nicely contrasts with the book), altough it's causing plenty of misunderstandings when it comes to it's successor - Metro Last Light.Unfortunately, gameplay doesn't last long. It took me only 9 hours to finish entire campaign (including time spent in locations I was lost in due to confusing metro complexes). The game's sometimes very predictable (with all those betrays around, you not trust everyone and you're mostly correct) and monotonous.Another thing that may not let you play in peace with full pleasure is not too good optimalization (I've written 'not good' on purpose, it is still better than the one in GTA4 or Mafia III though).All in all, finishing the game makes you feel extremely good about it overall, the storyline is written at quite high level.Quick summary:+dynamic, good gameplay+following the footsteps of the original (book)+dark, dangerous, nuclear, post-apocalyptic climate+multiple endings+huge underground complex+quite high quality story-short storyline-predictable events-sometimes monotonous gameplay-not too good optimalizationScore: 7/10"
76561198114250709,Not Recommended,286690,12515498,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,erikdfier,"No need for my two cents on the gameplay as I think the game is slightly over-rated.  Its a good game, but very linear.  I'll challk it up to ""The game is just not what I expected it to be.""Technical Dificulties:Played this game on a new GTX 980 and it Crashed 100% with PhysX enabled.  Set PhysX to CPU and completed the game.  For the record Crysis 3 also crashed with PhysX enabled.Bugs reported to both Nvidia and Evga.   Nvdia Blames the Hardware, Evga Blames the Game... Sad*note* I returned the GPU.  Keep in mind, it was a first run batch and the SSC (Super Super Clocked) version of the GTX 980, so it seems I had a defective unit.Update: Feb 2015 - Plays great on the GTX 650 OC edition (medium to high settings - no tasselation) runs 30-60 fps depending on the area in game, mostly maintains the 50-60 fps range.  30 FPS occured during some of the outdoor areas.Update: March 2015 - Plays great on the GTX 960 SSC (locked on 60 fps w/ vsync - high to ultra settings) no tasselation.Update: June 29 2015 - Dont play this if youre considering it for the Mac Platform.  Its entirely un-playable.  Frame rates, navigating the intro was 2-3 fps on its LOWEST settings.Update: October 7 2015 - Installed Web Drivers for OSX Yosemite / then for El Capitan.  The game plays surprisingly good on Low Settings, while still looking pretty decent on this iMac late 2012 edition with a GTX 650M (512mb Vram).  So, based on the new performance improvments *kudos to Nvdia*  the game is as good as it gets on PC, Console.  My only gripe is that the detail customization is limited compared to Direct X powered PC's."
,Recommended,286690,14490983,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Blades,This... is... Sparta! No seriously.
76561197977189791,Not Recommended,286690,16144887,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,gearz557,"Game appears to be unplayable. Works fine initially, then starts crashing your driver. I looked online and a bunch of people are having the exact same problem. I shouldnt have to modify config files, and registries to get this to work. Every other PC game I own runs fine, why not this?Running a GTX 570. Appears to be a common issue with NVIDIA cards and the steam version of this game."
,Not Recommended,286690,17326171,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,FissionChip,"This has probably been my worst purchase experience yet. Not only did I buy this (and the original Metro that I decided to hold off playing for Redux) but it was bundled with Last Light so I can't get a refund on that now. I wouldn't care, but I feel bad about giving money to a company who apparently don't test their games. So far I've played 10 hours, about 2 or 3 of those were probably spent on the internet trying to make sense of the insane frame stuttering I was getting, the various bugs like invisible obstacles and staircases, the knife not hitting its target, seemingly random enemy awareness, and the stuff the game decides not to tell you about, like burning spider webs with your lighter (though that might be due to playing on Ranger Survival whatever mode, but the game says it's the way it should be played and I'm not going to play through every game twice with my current backlog. Seriously, we're not playing on hardcore, just throw us a quick message.)From what I've read, the mutants in original Metro were easy and not quite as bulletproof, but in Redux it seems to be pretty random. Sometimes they die instantly, other times they'll shrug off your point-blank shotgun blast to the face and continue to murderlize you in a swipe or two. The mutants will completely ignore all the allies between you and clip through several NPCs to get to you. Often your allies will just stand there like idiots while you're mauled to death. It just seems to be fairly random whether you get through a wave without a scratch or without a head.There are weird choices throughout the game too. Like the difficulty settings, where enemies take more hits on Easy than on Normal. There's also no quicksave functionality, which I guess is to increase the fear-factor but I could see that being annoying, what if you have to quit unexpectedly? There's a part with never-ending enemies, which strikes me as a bit stupid in a game where resources are so scarce... but it's okay because the enemies sort of ignore you for that bit because reasons (everything feels a bit scripted in this game). Then there's immersion stuff, like there's a revolving shotgun with a neat mechanic, where you can only load 4 rounds at first until you fire it, causing it to revolve and free up two spaces that were blocked by the gun body itself, which you can then load giving you 6 rounds total -- that's cool! But when you reload the revolver, you just ♥♥♥♥ all the bullets onto the ground like ""whatevs!"" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  In a world where ammo is so precious it's currency.Which is yet another unfortunate choice! Certain ammo can also be used to buy stuff, and stuff is expensive! You can swap between currency and regular ammo in your automatics, but not your other guns, but the game doesn't tell you how and its not written in the options, so you either avoid using the automatics or accidentally waste all your money. I realise it's based on a novel, but its implementation in the game seems confused.It's a shame too because the atmosphere is great, and I found the combat against human enemies to be really fun (at least they respond to being shot!) but as soon as I start to enjoy myself, some BS comes along; either a bug, or a wave battle where I die repeatedly, or a rail shooting bit which are just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier form of wave, or I get stuck on ""nothing"" when trying to escape, or there's a group of enemies spawned in a previously cleared area, etc etc...I'm writing this review now as I wait around for my torch batteries to die out. Why? Because if you wear your night vision goggles at the end of the mission in which you find them, the game will force you to wear them for every scripted event for the rest of the game! (according to some, even during death sequences the character will put on the goggles before being dragged to his doom!) It just so happens the first event of the next mission is a literal rail-shooter, where it's dark and every enemy has bright torches shining in your face, which when you're wearing night vision goggles makes youCOMPLETELY EFFING BLIND!Your only option is to shoot sort-of-kind-of at the lights and hope to hit anything and not get blown up by... something (I'm told it's a tank, but I can't see anything!)... but then your gun over-heats or runs out of ammo or something and you just have to wait until you're blown up by, again... ""something"".I can't recommend this game."
76561198026564874,Not Recommended,286690,19493343,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,milknorf1469,"Game was fun for what I could play, but the FOV is so damn small I could not stand to play it more than 20 min. at a time. Too bad that this was something they didn't bother to fix when they released the Redux version of the Metro games."
76561198099865356,Not Recommended,286690,12786169,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bboi1_94,Can't even play fro a couple minutes without it crashing causing display driver to stop responding. Not acceptable.
,Not Recommended,286690,30778146,Posted: 27 March,all,Commander Lulz,"It's a linear shooter set in a post-apocalyptic world, where you have to fight a lot of ""demons"" (and people).- Cliché, melodramatic dialogue which also cheapens the storyline- Dumb AIDoesn't deserve overwhelmingly good reviews. The backdrop and atmosphere of the (original) game made it a cult-classic. Cult-classics can often get away with bad writing because their backstories appeal to people. Or maybe people just have low standards. Or maybe they are mentally incapable of identifying bad writing.Queue the angry fanboys."
76561198120123312,Not Recommended,286690,12976651,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Thiago.,"The game is unplayable, it crashes all the time! It says ""nvidia display driver stopped working and has successfully recovered"", and I am not the only one with this issue!"
,Recommended,286690,11874155,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"So, my review is only recommending Metro 2033 Redux, and not Last Light Redux. For one, I don't own the Redux version of Last Light, and from what I've read so far I don't need to. I own the original Last Light, and minus a few AI changes, I've seen no changes that really justify buying a game so recent a second time.That all being said, I can seriously recommend 2033 Redux. Having been a huge fan of the original 2033 (if you wander over to my game list, you'll see I have played 2033 multiple times over the course of years since it came out, testing it on different systems), I was happy to see that it was getting the improvements from Last Light, a game that I had previously played on PS3, and then bought on PC recently.The new engine certainly breathes new life into 2033. Not only is the lighting cleaner (though in some spots I wouldn't say it looks better) and character models more varied with slightly more detail, but it also runs a lot better. This is the first time with 2033 that I could have 1080p, with max graphic settings AND max Physx settings on all at the same time, and NEVER drop below 60 FPS (fair warning though, I'm using a 780ti, 16 GB RAM, and an AMD 8350 to power all that). The game looks just as gorgeous as it always has, or as gorgeous as a post apocalypse settings taking place mostly in dark, damp tunnels and ruined indoor buildings can possibly look.Gameplay changes are probably the most welcome though. Not only are the same controls and UI brought over from Last Light in its entirety, but AI is a lot better (making stealth sections THOUSANDS of times more tolerable), and gunplay is smoother. The best part is, you can have all that while still retaining the same original Metro 2033 difficulty, which I loved to begin with.The majority of the story is exactly the same, with 90% of the same voice acting and audio files. The most jarring change is the children however...they sound...worse. You can tell this time around, they just brought some adult that had a slightly high pitched voice to redo the acting, and it just sounds so...awkward. I know a lot of people hated to original kids voice, but at least it actually sounded like a kid.If you also owned the original Metro like I did, you also got a discount on the pre-order. I don't know if that will last into the actual release, so don't quote me on that.Overall, Metro 2033 really enhanced the experience while also leaving the majority of what made the original great in the first place intact, and that's the mark of a truly great remastered game. I can't speak for Last Light Redux however."
76561198076545358,Recommended,286690,12633169,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Syaimaral,Got mugged by a hooker.10/10 will do again.
,Recommended,286690,11869374,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Zeer0,So far for me anyways metro 2033 redux is running great it feels just like metro 2033 but with better graphics that ozz out of everything and it just feels and looks good. There are 2 modes which alter the game one that is more forgiving and one that is more brutal. Also all Dlc is in the redux package. But overall if your a fan of metro or you a newcomer i recommend that you take the funds out of the bank and purchase this game as you will be pleased. Though i do recommend to wait a week or 2 as there are going to be bugs with this game others have already said that the game crashes on cutscenes and other problems thankfully i have not run into these. But please buy this game you will love it
76561198128595626,Not Recommended,286690,12421780,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ThrowFives,"Wow. It seems I have to join a group for people who were suckered in to spending money on this. Well done 4A.  Who knows if this is even a full game? Maybe just a few cutscenes pasted together to make a convincing enough trailer, an opening sequence wherein you *gasp* auto-climb up a latter. Then ""boom""... desktop. This has been an issue for months now, but the con keeps on running.  A first class grift for the digital age."
,Not Recommended,286690,13191404,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,sept,I wouldn't recommend. It's graphics are indeed better. But they took out some mechanics that made the game fun for me in the original Metro:2033. EXAMPLE: The stealth and armor suit. I thought it was the coolest thing ever once you get to the market to be able to choose your playstyle there. But that's gone. They basically just hand you an all-in-one suit right away.Also the stealth system is very dumbed down now. over all i'd rate it as a redux a 6/10
76561198119568344,Not Recommended,286690,22918695,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,sevenbeforeeight,"I guess this is one of those games that comes along that most like but you just don't get why for me. It holds your hand for the few hours I played it constantly having a AI partner tagging along pacing your progress on scripted events. The sound design is emersive while hearing your character wheeze like a 30 year smoker was enough to make me not wanna play with headphones. The objectives aren't always clear and have mercy on your soul if you don't do them right because you'll be reloading that checkpoint before you actually know what you didn't do right. The graphics are great; especially for a little older game it mostly holds up fantastically with the exception of a few low res textures. The AI is really what killed it for me and made me stop playing. I played on hardcore which in most games is no problem for me but the AI is serioulsy all over the board ranging from deaf and dumb to Peter Parker. Sometimes they'll walk inches from you and be none the wiser, other times they'll sense your thoughts almost. It was more frustrating to play for me than Dark Souls 3 but maybe for others this will be right up their alley. This is just my opinion and underneath the annoyances I see remarkable atmosphere and care that went into some aspects; it's just not for me"
,Recommended,286690,11877963,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SpookycideGeek,Bought this after putting 101 hours into the original 2033.. Unbelievable how amazing it is it's worth every cent that I spent. Every issue I had with the original is fixed and everything that already existed is improved. This game is the perfect metro experience.
76561197970403468,Not Recommended,286690,12263439,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Diomed,"This is a bad console port, as if there are good ones.  The game is literally on rails.  You not only are forced into a painfully linear path that path usually adds insult to injury by placing rails at your feet (yes I know it's a metro).The combat is chaotic, disjointed and missing the normal precission we normally associate with good PC shooters.  The stealth is terrible.  Once you are detected enemies find you immediately at times, and other times you can move about at will without being found.  The mutants cannot be stealthed, making that style of play obsolete.The guns are terrible.  A BB gun is more powerful than a .44 mag?  REALLY?You will occasionally fall into a pit a be eaten by a mutant.  No hint.  No clue.  Just die.There are multiple tried, tired, pedantic scripted firefights that feel more like painfully constructed ambushes created to burn up your ammo.  The whole experience feels like a ride at Disney World."
,Not Recommended,286690,15409404,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sergius_Verus,"I've tried everything, quite literally, EVERYTHING, to get this game to work. I've searched every forum, every steam discussion, I tried using borderless window mode, I overwrote the legal.whatever the ♥♥♥♥ that was file, disabled the Steam overlay, turned off Tesselation, Motion Blur, SSAA, V-Sync was switched on and off to see if there was a difference, I verified the game's integrity, I've uninstalled and reinstalled the game 5 times already.This is one of my favorite games, and I can't play it because five minutes in, it crashes into the desktop. I've also done everything this link suggestedhttp://forums.techdiscussion.in/showthread.php/3844-Metro-2033-Redux-Troubleshooting-Guide-Fix-Crashing-Lagging-Crash-CTD-Poor-FPS-Black-Screen-Sound-and-Game-Errorsand none of it worked. I know my computer is above the recommended requirements, so I know that isn't the issue.I wish this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥would get fixed with 4A's games, I'm sure LL Redux will also be a crashing failure. Pun intended."
,Not Recommended,286690,13098878,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mister Raptor,"So pretty. Survival mode turns you into a sluggish tank, though. Melee in survival mode, where it would be needed the most, is way too slow for no good reason; it's basically useless. Spartan mode movement + survival mode resources would be perfect. You also lose unique weapon-attached melee and armor from the original."
76561197979973894,Not Recommended,286690,23972226,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lmao,Was super good until I got to chapter four then it got buggy... like unplayable buggy... I uninstalled and reinstalled. Time will tell if it just needed a boot to the head. Will update when I get to the same point if I remember...
,Recommended,286690,11878006,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ZaliaS,"A must buy, ESPECIALLY if you've already played the original versions of 2033 and Last Light! It's even more amazing this time around.This is no simple ""HD"" upgrade. Metro 2033 Redux has been beautifully rebuilt from the ground up on the new 4A Engine, including redone visuals, AI behaviors, animations, character models, and the weapon customization system from Last Light. Metro Last Light Redux has even been completely updated, bringing the original 2033 survival play style and game mechanic forth, giving us the sequel that should have been!Rediscover the tunnels of the underground with Metro Redux."
,Recommended,286690,11876974,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,deathBUNNIES,"I am really enjoying this so far. I'm up to ""Ghosts"" right now on Survival and Ranger modes. I've seen a couple of glitches like dead enemies getting a little stuck in a wall, but nothing serious or game-breaking. I have played the original 2033 and Last Light, and i must say the Redux version is quite an improvement. I'm also glad I can turn off the motion blur without lowering all the other settings. That always made me a little dizzy, so that's another plus. Stealth is greatly improved. So far I love it."
,Not Recommended,286690,18537130,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Keksos Der Grosse,"There's very little (if any) to gain by playing the Redux version of Metro 2033 unless you never played the original before.It's basically an ""upgrade"" to Metro 2033: Last Light's engine but doesn't adjust atmosphere or visuals accordingly. For example, the original was based on particle effects, very fine-tuned lighting and the fact that people looked as greasy as everyone would become on shrooms and vodka. In Last Light they dropped most of the particles/lighting and replaced it with way more grass, props and increased textural complexity. Metro 2033 Redux doesn't do that - you get the simple look of Last Light but without what made it great. Feels more like Half Life 2 at times.Gameplay and control wise, it seems like they took 70% of Last Light and 30% of the Original despite their rather distinct differences. Oh and the cutscenes seem to have changed a lot, too (imho worsened), along with a severe downgrade of Artyoms voice.That said, I'm not sure why ANYONE should prefer this version over the original. It's not even cheaper!"
,Not Recommended,286690,18558213,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CZ☭R,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥and last light both dont wanna start on my HIGH END windows 10 INTEL/NVIDIA pc.....i ♥♥♥♥en tried 9294819483 different ""fixes"" that didnt fix shititt! The game starts from steam, black screen appears for 1 sec, and then back to desktop. (no error messages anywhere)  Fuken pieces of ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Not Recommended,286690,16383606,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cftygv,Unplayable.
76561198025414069,Not Recommended,286690,16351316,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cptn Teeto,random crashes make this game unplayable and it seems like i am not the only one encountering this problem.
76561198070623858,Not Recommended,286690,14509246,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,AJarOfDirt,This game is simply infuriating. Sure you get a compass that points you in the correct direction. but that is it. I spent about an hour in one area simply trying to find where I was supposed to go. The actual combat is mediocre at best and I was told the voice acting was believable. It was TERRIBLE. Instead of feeling immersed I am constantly irritated that I can't find my way and by the crapy acting.
76561197975551289,Recommended,286690,12463172,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TuRoK 2....,This game is a pure work of art....It is outstanding!!!!!  A must buy for the more informed player.
76561198025585959,Recommended,286690,11877441,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Driver,"Game was AWESOME and I played 9 hours straight. Until I tried starting up the client again and it refused to acknowledge my prior saves files--the game thinks I don't have any saves and wants to start from the introduction. I'm literally looking at the save files in Documents/4A Games/Metro Redux and can see my progress through the story. The game doesn't read them.That's not okay, so until it's fixed, thumbs down.*************Had to make a new folder in 4A Games/Metro 2033 and copy the folder in Metro Redux into the new metro 2033 folder. Fixed problem. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,286690,11880358,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,[b00ns],"Amazing game.My first entry into the Metro franchise was with Last Light which I said was possibly the best single piece of media I had experienced in years. Having thoroughly enjoyed Last Light, I jumped at the chance to play the original Metro 2033 in a refined HD format.I was initially concerned that Metro 2033 Redux would be too far different than Last Light, as I had heard that 2033 was more of a survival-horror game and less of the creepy first-person-shooter that was Last Light. Luckily, upon loading a new game in Metro 2033 Redux you are not only given the option to choose difficulty (Normal, Hardcore, Ranger, Hardcore Ranger), but you are also allowed to choose whether you would like to play in ""Survivor"" mode (similar to the original 2033 experience) or ""Spartan"" mode (closer to the action-oriented Last Light).This made me really happy because I absolutely loved Last Light and just wanted more of *that*. All of my favorite guns and attachments are here; and i'm really glad they put the lighter/notepad and gas-mask-wiping mechanics in.Oh, and did I mention it looks absolutely gorgeous? 10/10"
76561198075047384,Recommended,286690,11876822,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Apollostar2109,how could you possibly go wrong with this? an amazing game brought to the latest 4A engine! It's amazing 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,286690,11877435,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BoogerPenis,definitely feels less clunky and prettier than the original.
,Recommended,286690,11893765,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Paradise Decay,"The metro series have been one of my favourite FPS games ever. I picked this up not expecting a lot of changes..... boy was I wrong. This game is perfect, it looks stunning, it's fluid, it's exciting and the changes real do shine through.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tLhOul49FgI feel like I'm playing it for the first time again which is no easy thing to pull off. I can't wait to savour the whole experience all over again. I know I've got many hours to look forward to. Ignore what a lot of the people are saying about 'little change' they don't know what they are talking about. This will be one of my top 10 games now for 2014!"
76561198271174448,Recommended,286690,25408780,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,swwwm_css,"Don't buy this game if you want a FPS.It's not a CoD-like FPS game at all,especially in Survival mode. To be honest, shooting in this game feels like sh*t comparing with CoD. And there is no convenient path instruction in the game. What you have is just a rough compass and a notebook. and you cannot shoot when watching your compass. Ammo is scarce resource. Runing away is sometimes your only choice.conclusion: It's a survivel roleplaying game, where you can use guns. You are a 20-year-old teen who born and living in the home station. For the first time, you must leave home and face with monsters and bandits in the ruins and tunnels. you are not a super solider with professional skills but a survivel struggling in the Dark Age."
76561197966301818,Not Recommended,286690,18565816,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Calamity Ferret,"Basically this is a remake with better graphics. Issues include frusterating combat, hit detection issues, sucky AI (Enemies will target me even though they are being attacked by monsters on top of having near perfect aim), failed scripted events and a crappy check point system (sometimes doesn't activate). Not to mention the crash to desktop issue (though solved by lowering tesselation. It should have been fixed by now) and every time I boot up the game it has an unskippable cutscene showing companies responsible for the title. A minor pet peeve but adds up when you have to restart/ deal with game crashes. All of these issues destroy the emersion and renders this title a mediocre♥♥♥♥♥♥fest.This game sucked then and now its basically a polished, shiny turd. Last Light is much better."
76561198087019152,Recommended,286690,22882173,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Insecticide,Great single player FPS. unique gameplay and design. keeps you wanting more.
76561197972217145,Not Recommended,286690,18244612,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,rustyhastings,Might be good but can't play the game because it won't save any progress.  Every time you start you start at the beginning.  Wish I had me money back.  Does anybody software test anymore?
76561197992280358,Not Recommended,286690,17368642,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Squall,"The game is a masterpiece in terms of ideas, gameplay and graphics!But then you would ask: ""Man why the fk you don't reccommend it?!""Let me explain. I tried long and hard to fix numerous bugs this game has with some luck but gave up in the end.While having a good rig and being able to play all of the new titles at butter smooth 60fps I found it very frustrating that this game stuttered when playing it. I managed to fix the issue by doing a bit of research. To cut the explanation short I'll say that the developers did a poor job optimising this game for multiple core CPUs. Ok I thought, with that out of the way I'll surely be able to enjoy the title. As it turned out, when a few hours into the game I started experiencing unexplainable game crashes and the odd ""program not responding"" messages here and there. Again tried fixing the problems by doing some research and digging which helped at first but quite quickly became a chore. At the end I had to uninstall the game because it would not run properly and crash randomly on me.As much as I like the story and the ""atmosphere"" of the game, I cannot reccommend it due to the issues I had experienced. But if you're feeling lucky then go ahead and give it a try."
76561198047260054,Not Recommended,286690,23393176,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,von Hötzendorf,"I tried to like this game, but it really makes it way too much of a chore.That's how I'd describe it best. A chore.Yes, the atmosphere is perfect, yes they got post-apocalyptic moscow just right. The russian voice acting is awesome, and the soviet placards everywhere fit right in.The weapon system is much better than anything in most games I've played. All the weapons are pretty much available from the start, and most of your enemies have the same weapons you have so you never have to worry about switching and picking up something else.But then: some of the enemies are annoying. I'm not a grand master of FPS, but I've never had a problem killing enemies. I know what horror is supposed to feel like, enemies in Dead Space jump out at you and attack you out of nowhere, but they don't stay so close to you you litterally cannot aim at them and have to run away or hope they move 2 inches away from your face.The level design is awful. You never know if that hallway/tunnel over there is the way you're supposed to go or just a bonus room for ammo. Maybe I'm just a moron, but 9 times out of 10 I would find a staircase or tunnel after killing all the enemies ""ah, that's the path they wanted me to take to get around everyone!""But its worse than that. You will be stuck multiple times with your oxygen running out not knowing where you're supposed to go or what you're supposed to do. The game is very vague with its mission objectives, and there's no map, which would be fine IF the levels weren't so samey looking and bland after seeing them for a while. I said before they did post-apocalyptic moscow well. Well, they did. Its all very gray and everything looks the same, so you forget which corridor is which and where you've been already.The game does a terrible job of explaining how things work. Even on normal with all ""tips"" enabled it won't explain to you how to stealth kill enemies.The stealth is completely random. Sometimes the enemies see you and sometimes they don't. I'm not a fan of MGS's system where enemies can't see you unless you're 6 feet in front of them, but this ""realism"" is just annoying because I eventually gave up on stealth and just shot everyone in the face.This game has a lot of good in it. It does immersion well, combat is good, weapons are done right, and the story is there. But its so damn annoying to play if I had the choice I'd just watch it on youtube instead."
76561197974754049,Not Recommended,286690,15527900,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Chads61,"I want to recommend this game - it has rave reviews and the graphics and storyline look fantastic.But it runs like a slideshow.  I have a decent Mac that runs all games, including graphically intense ones like Deus Ex Human Revolution at high frame rates and full resolution.  On the Mac, Metro 2033 Redux and its sister title both run at 4 - 6 frames per second.  Completely unplayable.Reading various forums and it appears that this is a Mac nVidia driver issue.It would be really good if the owners of the game would either announce that they are working on teh issue, or remove it from the Steam Store - because you cannot play it at this time.DO NOT BUY - not until they resolve the driver issue"
,Not Recommended,286690,23962255,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hansen,"This is my first negative review but...First: nothing his alley to the book (maybe only characters) its not really bad but this story is idiot, boring, and really, really bad. The characters are so boring, the dialogues are pretty retard etcSecond: Bugs, bugs tons of bugsThe monsers all the same (""scary becuse ugly"")So yeah all in one this is a pretty bad game sadly becuse i love the books (i had all the books)"
76561198006534531,Recommended,286690,12562898,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Cam-Waaagh,"Great game, a must have 100%!!!"
,Recommended,286690,25341814,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,🆂🅷🅾🅿🅽🅾,Nice FPS Game with scary environment and deep story.Definitely worth buying.My Ratings:Graphics: 8.5/10Story: 7.5/10Gameplay: 7/10Environment: 7/10Music: 7/10
,Recommended,286690,25628812,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,FRCD ♋❤♏.HyperX,I played Metro Last Night First the try this Metro 2033. nice story good Grphicand I hate Booby traps and hole every where in this game.
,Recommended,286690,32336702,Posted: 11 June,all,dazy777,грязный хороший)
76561197970879170,Recommended,286690,11890368,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,jdontspeed,"I don't know, It won't let me play it, I paid for itand i have been a member for 11 years, it is starting to act like Origin"
,Recommended,286690,22927741,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CYKA BLYAT,This Game so Awsome
,Recommended,286690,24131494,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DigitalDivision,Best of Russia
,Not Recommended,286690,19145534,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Jayler,"could not get into this game. Found the shooting element very poor and didnt like the weapons available. There is also a lack of guidance in how to use the weapons of the tradingside of things. Very slow story. On the plus side its a very pretty game with a good ammount of stealth needed. Level design was a bit nland.Goodish game i guess, just not for me."
,Recommended,286690,24056861,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[ATW]Heisenberg,"Разработчикам данной игры удалось создать атмосферу в которой вы не останетесь равнодушным, Вы всегда в надеждечто, мир станет прежним. Очень советую серию игр ""Метро"" !"
,Recommended,286690,13250537,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lycairin,"If you want jump scares and bought the original metro series, buy the bundle. No questions. just buy."
76561197972541185,Not Recommended,286690,21720210,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Furnus [NOR],"If you are reading this, I want you to not buy this game unless you are extremely UNPICKY about games in general.-----SPOILER ALERT - MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS, BUT ONLY MINOR ONESIf you have night vision on when you are transitioned into a gunnery position, you cant turn night vision off. That function is not in the game's engine, so let's say you like Far Cry 2 and onwards at least, then Metro 2033 is nothing like it. They simply have no idea how to make this first person shooter feel real. You cant do two things at the same time basically. Its an either or throughout the game.-----STEALTH:When you stealth, if you get caught (levels are btw usually not put in place for it to be possible to pull off cool stealth things), so uh if you get caught, everyone will immediately know where you are. If one person saw you there, the others who are somewhere completely different, will know instantly. The mechanics of all AI in this game is quite dumb.-----RAILS:You are on rails in different carts in this game quite a lot. Do you remember sitting in the back of a lorry in Call of Duty (the first game, the good game that had actual content) and you used bazookas to kill trucks following you? How great that was. In THIS game, you see a bunch of dumb monsters jump around your cart underground and scream etc. Everything is predetermined at that point, and you're not able to shoot any of these, because to save money and programming skills, the engine in this game is so bad, that it can't produce anything but different stages and modes. Let me explain:If a monster is running around your cart, it is in ""Fixed animation mode"" where it wont actually be a moving thing, it will just be an animated thing which cant interact with the world, and the world cant interact with it. It just looks the same as the things about to interact with you. What you'd think really, is when you see a monster running around like this is ""OMG SHOOT IT!"" but actually you cant, because it's not actually there yet. It will then make itself look like its jumping onto your cart, and then change its mode to ""Stuck to your cart and you can interact with it-mode"", where it will scream at you and attack you, which means you can actually shoot this thing which now has landed at a predetermined moment on your cart. It was not of its will, it was just programmed to do exactly as it was told, and that goes for every AI throughout the game. I hope my explanation was.. OK.-----GASMASKS (and finding your way):Oh lord -.-The most advanced and lively aspect of this game, is the realism the gas mask brings you.First of all: You need one now and then to breathe. It then gets a bunch of blood on it which you have to clean away, and while you're running around, your guy will start breathing heavier and heavier because the filter needs to be swapped quite often. This means you have to stock up on filters when you can, which means you have another thing to spend money on which in my money is just like.. ""we didn't have any better ideas dude, so we put this in"".This also means you'll hear a heavy, annoying breathing noise. It will also cover with droplets, making your screen covered with this blood now and then and these droplets. Ugh...Now to finding your way. You know when you see that area over there where there's basically nothing, so it's probably barred off with something so you're supposed to go somewhere else? That's quite often where you're supposed to go, and you'll be stuck running around wasting precious gas mask time which you previously stocked up on, to look for where to go. Then you may ask yourself: ""Where should I move?"" and the answer to that is: ""On"". That is all. ""Move on! And then when you have reached a boring cutscene of fake russian accents, stop, stock up, and move on some more in this extremely dull and boring world.""There is no objective to follow, you can't ask the journal for help or anything. It just happens that whatever road is open to you, is EXACTLY where you're supposed to go, even though the story has a predetermined set point of where you're going. If you're lazy, you'll be googling quite a lot to find your way before your gas mask filters are all gone. This puts a stopper to the whole gameplay experience.-----THE GAMEPLAY EXPERIENCE:is quite sucky anyway. If you've ever seen videos of this game thinking ""This game looks like another dull FPS with no real content but to move from A to B to C and kill people as you go"" then you were completely spot on correct. I bought this game because everyone bragged their asses off at it, but I should seriously have trusted my instincts, and so should you!-----THE STORYIt sucks so far. You meet people now and then, and then they die so that you can meet a new person somewhere else. Mostly you meet them when they come in at the last second to save you. So you are a survivor, saved by those you meet, but everyone you meet who had a really good first impression, will die.-----MISCThey say it's a game based on a book, and the book I bet is great. The game is there to milk the book for money as cheaply as it possibly can. I'll add here that the graphics and other mechanics are also pretty bad. Voice acting is also bad.You can save a little boy. I really wish I hadnt. He was just annoying. While carrying him, the mechanics of the movement and aiming has as slight delay because you are.. carrying a boy. Later, you will give this boy to his mother. A music will play, which means you now have 2 soundtracks playing at once. At this point, without the kid, the kid is still on your back on your shadow, and youre running with your hands as if holding a gun, without holding a gun.Small mutant dogs or whatever come at you from wherever they want, holes here and there, which then attacks you once and runs away. While running around finding your way, this becomes extremely annoying.The game is outdated in most aspects. For both its initial release, and the 2014 Redux update.Weapons have mods, but these are few and boring.You're usually doing the same thing over and over again in this game, not a lot of new stuff.The weapons are very few btw, and only 2 weapons are actually stealthy. A melee knife which you stab at people or cut their throats which both look very weird, and throwing knives, which are clunky to throw, or even find. Google how to do it, and you'll have both Xbox players and PC players ask for this. The thing is to clunkily hold tab, drag with mouse to specific thrown item (no, you cant quickly swap, are you mad?) and then hit the throw key. Which reminds me: Throwing a grenade from darkness into unsuspecting enemies means they will see you the moment you throw it, scream ""there he is"" in fake russian, and everyone in the area will shoot at you immediately like that.-----CONCLUSION---------> VERY disappointing game which I dont understand why people have been bragging about."
,Not Recommended,286690,18990023,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ProMete,"I would love to play this game,  on the other hand  i believe game is not compatible with  Nvidia GTX760 video card because my game crashes every single time.  This game is broken and did not optimized well. Stay away from it."
,Recommended,286690,12611691,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Warmarine,"I've been meaning to do a review for Metro 2033 Redux after beating the game a while ago so I might as well do it now. First off, I would like to tell the people whining about how they should get this game for a bigger discount or even ""free"" to please go away. In life, nothing is free, and such is a case for the developers who had to work while attempting to move the company out of Ukrane due to the whole Russian/Ukranian conflict that was going on (not sure if it's still going on when writing this review). It's also note that Deep Silver would also say ""HELL NO"" if 4A studio decided to make it a free update as most game decisions are decided by the publishers as to whether the decision can be allowed to continue.Anyways, so knowing that people are reading this are people who beat Metro 2033 or interested in the game, is this version is worth it. My answer is yes. There are alot of reason I would highly suggest this version over the older version. The first thing is stability, and this is a huge reason. Let's be honest, the first game was pretty crap on being stable. The game felt limited by how extremely demanding the game is, even if higher video cards could get the 60 fps. Another reason to get this is the improved gameplay. Combat feels better in Redux and stealth is improved so that it works. The game also have bigger level by combining some levels together to decrease the load times.Obviously, most people would thing this game only improvement is the visuals and while it's 50% of the improvement (having to move the engine to Last Light Engine), Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is the visuals gorgious. The lighting is truely something to look through. Most people could make the argument that the original does have some aspect of visuals being better for astmospheric purpose and I'll agree, but it's a subjective thing.Overall, I hope people would just shut up about first world problems and try to accept the fact that the developers work extremely hard to make something enjoyable for people to play. Oh yea, and if people really want to get Metro 2033, I also suggest you do but the game can go really cheap these days to the point that I think Humble Bundle was giving the game out for free."
,Recommended,286690,18553336,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Thot Remover,CSGO VOICE SIMULATOR. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,33615951,Posted: 17 July,all,Bonebuss,this game make me happi :)
76561198019159173,Recommended,286690,22450017,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Moe,"This is the finest available version of an excellent, atmospheric game. It's still not perfect, but the Redux version irons out a significant number of weaknesses, adding some of Last Light's improved mechanics while also providing a welcome layer of visual polish.PROSSubstantially improves the original, adds the ability to truly decide how you want to experience it.CONSIt eventually has an end, minor annoyance with Russian accents on non-Russian characters."
,Recommended,286690,22920591,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Trigged_Boy,OMG this game is soo fun to play !!! :)
,Recommended,286690,22920394,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,jxk46,The kids in the game are voiced by adultsI'm actually dieing right now
76561198257751345,Not Recommended,286690,19102599,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,dead pixel,"Maybe that's a lack of empathy to filthy NPCs with heavy Russian accent that makes this game so unpleasant to play. Or maybe that's a lack of any idea how postapocalyptic world's creatures might look like: flying daemons during 30-year long winter? Come on, don't you know they migrate south? And packs of ""wolfes"" in underground tunnels - what they survive on to grow like these? Scarcity of food would've driven them off to better places to hunt than humans that may fight back sometimes. No, this game is a mockery of the genre, and a bad one.If you want to play a good FPS there are plenty of better titles. This one doesn't worth even sale price I paid for it."
76561198093655063,Not Recommended,286690,19923806,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Valen,"This game along with Metro Last Light doesn't run on Windows above than 7 the troubleshooting is bad and there is no support from the devs. This is a waste of money unless you have Windows 7.The game just crashes at the start i had to spam the play key so I have ""5 minutes of game time"" so I can post this. (this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ policy btw)"
76561198148010953,Not Recommended,286690,17405985,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,abdo3920,The game is fun and all not worth the full price at all if u get it get it at sale also the story is tooo short i finished it in 6-7 hours the game is tough to beat i give u that the monsters are soo hard to kill but also u dont die easily i choosed survival mode which turns out to be much easier than the other style which is spartan anyway i found alot of ammo and filters everywhere and other thing i hated soo much that in the last mission i found 600 bullets which is ALOT that i could have bought wepons with it but i couldnt because it was the last mission and there was no going back to any base or station so yeah dont buy except if u want a hard game to beat short story and also only on sale
,Not Recommended,286690,18077413,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Uranium51,"The game had a decent atmosphere that it created through its graphic and music.All of the abnormal phenomenons and unexpected stories also served the game quite well.The looting system is also okay.Still, I will rate this game down because the game has become a disaster for me after hours of playthrough and I am currently forcing myslef through the game.As in the book, resouces are scarce in the game, meaning that looting is a must, you are forced to find any resources you could.If you dont do so, not enough bullets means you have to save your ammo, an akward situation that makes the fighting tedious instead of exciting.So, to sum up, unless you are a big fan of survival games, dont buy this game."
76561198125622002,Not Recommended,286690,26096082,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,tintefaust,"Not a fan. Don't get all the rave reviews.Gameplay was average. Nothing groundbreaking, but not terrible. More scripted story than action.Short. By the time it ended I felt  it was just getting started.Atmosphere was fantastic. Very Well done.Story was the driving force, yet it was very convoluted. Felt like I missed major plotpoints. It was interesting, but lacked clear explanations. I didn't understand it and when it ended my reaction was Huh?Lighting wasn't great.Objectives not easily identified at times.Linear with minor searching, such a horrible combo.Stealth was good.Game pacing was more like watching a movie, playing briefly, then back to the story.Combat was waves of monsters or avoiding enemies, pretty redundant. Monsters attack from every angle at times, so its kinda like an arcade shooter ....its pretty mindless.End sequence was awful. Just annoying. Nonsensical. Terrible. The whole game felt as if it where building up to something big , but all you get is WTF?Beat the game, but I didn't get the story...dont really care to go back and play it again.Overall not a terrible game, but not great either. Got it on sale and my impression is Meh. While the atmosphere and mood is terrific, its kinda a one trick pony. Reminded me a bit of chronicles of riddick, old call of Duty, faintly of bioshock, but nowhere near as in depth. It is an older game, but if I compare it to major titles of 2010 I think it still falls kind of flat. You could definitely do worse, try it on sale, but it shows its age."
,Recommended,286690,26968207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeox~,1 of the best games I have ever played. The story is awesome.
,Recommended,286690,34373358,Posted: 20 August,all,Canadian Marshmallow,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is russia really like this irl no wonder the soviet union collapsed
,Recommended,286690,22165797,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mahad,"If you enjoy the S.T.A.L.K.E.R franchise then I highly recommend this game. This game is almost exactly like S.T.A.L.K.E.R except its a linear story gameplay, this game is the reason I still live on this planet and I highly recommend this to anyone that wants to be Cheeki Breeki I V Damke! Get ready for the Hardbass!"
76561198288898984,Recommended,286690,30654995,Posted: 21 March,all,akhairy483,this game from the best games i have played ever
76561198112129306,Recommended,286690,30655448,Posted: 21 March,all,хиппи-бегемот,Am I the only one who thinks we need  a movie about this game/book?
76561197995043046,Recommended,286690,13253025,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,NJ,"WOW! I mean this game is AWESOME. This is like a Horror/Action movie. I am a gamer and have played all sorts of games like the Thief Series, Doom series, Crysis Series, Halflife series and the list goes on and on. But after playing this game, it is an AWESOME game. Brilliant game, Excellent Storyline, Graphics and Sound are more than first class.I have not played the original Metro 2033 game but this is one of the best games out there and should be nominated for game of the year 2014.My rating would be 12 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,286690,15368990,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Vashnik von Shinra,"The game is ok, but I was hoping for something a bit more loose and closer to the Fallout style where you could explore the field a bit more and take in the scenery, without worrying about some mutation running after you or a flying ""demon"" trying to snatch you up and throw you to the ground. This game feels like they're trying to rush you through the game and feel's like there is very little opportunity to explore.I'm not too fond of the lack of GUI or an easy mode to get the basics and ease my way into this survival-horror game. I've died 6 times up to the point of reach Dry. Jumping over gaps is difficult for beginners and this certainly makes anyone that was interested in checking it out, think they just wasted money on a game they'll probably never finish. This is a game I wish I could put a neutral vote, instead of a ""Yes"" or ""No"" vote. But right now, I have to vote with a No. I cannot recommend this game for anyone that's interested in post-apocolypse game that emphisizes that you know how to play the survival/survival-horror genrebeforeplaying Metro 2033. If you do know how to play the survival/survival-horror genre, then great, you'll probably enjoy this game more than I will."
,Not Recommended,286690,16632539,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,cannonfodder,Why do they trash games like this with stupid garbage?  When they create a spot where one can hardly get by they trash their own game.  Here I am at the end of the trolley thing and as soon as the checkpoint starts something launches a rocket  and destroys my ride.  It doesn't take but a little bit of stupid to TRASH an otherwise great product.
76561198096573134,Not Recommended,286690,15865469,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nego,"IF you're really lucky and can play the game without encountering glitches, it's a really good game, but like most people, you'll probably run into some performance issues, game-breaking glitches and/or other shenanigans that will make your playthrough a living hell."
,Not Recommended,286690,16581369,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,krab$,"fps is unstable even for high end graphics cards, and even for putins boyfriends"
76561198072708808,Not Recommended,286690,15452722,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,dchunter1,"Watch a cut scene, get dropped somewhere on a map with ill defined goals and a limited amount of time,  die, reload, die again, consult an online game guide, reload, do the required sequence, watch a cut scene, repeat.  That was pretty much my experience with this game.The setting is intriguing, but there is no opportunity for discovery or exploration.  There are a few dwellings you get dropped into, but there is nothing to do at any of them: just move through until you find the next check point. You over hear a lot of dialog, and it's exceptionally well written and acted, but all you get to do is listen.  There's no interaction.I wanted to like this game, it's pretty to look at, and there were a few of the set pieces that I did particularly enjoy, but ultimately, as a whole, I didn't find it to be very fun and wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,286690,16717232,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Bingus Dingus,"WARNING TO MAC USERS:I'm running this game on a recently released, up-to-date, high-end Mac that exceeds recommended system requirements. This game is unplayable, and runs like a slideshow.I'm sure this game is super awesome, which is why I was very excited to see that it was released on Mac, but until these issues are fixed, it won't run in any way that's playable no matter what fixes you try. The Mac release was pretty recent, so I'm expecting some future patches, but consider this review just a way to make noise and get some attention to these issues.Once I have a chance to play the game, I'll change my review. Until then, I can't recommend that any Mac users spend money on this.(PC users: I know that Macs aren't gaming computers, but if something is advertised as playable on the OS, it should be playable on the OS, and my system runs many games like this seamlessly.)"
76561198000020459,Not Recommended,286690,16611252,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tyland,"This game is riddled with major flaws. From the crashes that happen before the game even launches to the crashes that happen during each level. Avoid this game at all costs, it was a huge waste of money"
,Recommended,286690,25440646,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,omae wa mou shindeiru,amazing game gave me chills of painkiller F.e.a.r return to castle wolfenstein just perfect
,Recommended,286690,28578158,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ftstani,The Metro games have some of the spookiest depictions of paranormal encounters I've seen to date. A solid learning experience.
,Recommended,286690,27046781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,big but whole,I reeely lick this gaim?
,Recommended,286690,11903058,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Ryan the Temp,"Great atmosphere, maintained the story, better visuals for the most part and the gasmask features from Last Light were much appreciated. Only complaints I have are that they barely put any of the Last Light content into the game. Where is the ashot, the lolife, the valve, the preved, the RPK, the saiga, the Clapper, or the medved? The only guns from Last Light they put into the game were the AKSU(which serves no purpose, as it is just a crappier Kalash, when the Kalash is plentiful), the Bigun (which is very overpriced, not great) and the flamer(which you get very close to the end of the game, and has to be hand pumped slowly, I dropped it as soon as I could, because I had never seen any flamer fuel before and figured I'd get stuck with a useless empty gun, but as soon as you get it, you find flamer fuel everywhere!). Despite these complaints, I still enjoyed the game. The new gamemode options are really great."
,Recommended,286690,16547726,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jacky_My_Boy,"First Metro game, and the best one, some parts were erased by the book, but still managed to bring a great and atmospheric game, played the game, and red the books, fantastic and i love it."
,Recommended,286690,19310698,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DeggleMo,Very Good Single-Player survival horror game and it has pretty decent graphics considering how old this game is..9.5/10 Only a few minor annoyances
,Recommended,286690,19217003,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gerdur,one of the best games i've ever played
76561198256736720,Not Recommended,286690,19245543,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,mmano46028,This version of the game is NOT compatible with OS X 10.11 El Capitan - do not purchase until the Nvidia update is available.  The game stutters severely.
,Recommended,286690,19266831,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,My Dearest,Why i can't get Enlightened Achievement? Is something that make me can't shoot thing i have planted before? Hard game. 10/10.
,Recommended,286690,19283217,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,northbynorthsouth,you should buy it
,Recommended,286690,19296776,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,linuxpunk,This is a great game.
,Recommended,286690,19301767,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gaddafi,"Good game, I would buy it considering it is 4.99 if you like an immersive story with good characters, graphics and gunplay. Overall good game, I'd give it a 8/10."
76561198204237792,Recommended,286690,19302012,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,frankensteinONLinux,The graphics are awesome. I really admire the integration of the secondary characters into the game play.
,Recommended,286690,19382191,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,k1tty,I like trains.
,Not Recommended,286690,20049072,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Knugsson,"I think i would´ve enjoyed this game if it didn´t crash constantly. It´s been 1,5 years since the initial release and it´s still unplayable. Shame 4A, shame..."
,Recommended,286690,30716110,Posted: 24 March,all,JeromeTheKraken,k
76561198099942252,Recommended,286690,21644504,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mat Da Fat Cat,"Great game, nearing the end got a bit meh but still 8/10"
76561198031244622,Recommended,286690,21114800,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Snipekill2445,"Metro 2033 is a post apocalyptic FPS horror based in the nuclear ruins of Moscow, Russia. You play as Artyom, a citizen of metro station Exhibition. You awaken to your father speaking to you, concerned of the well being of Exhibition after recent attacks from an unknown horror, leaving the station in a state or terror and despair. You walk with your father, through the crowded corridors of the station, listening to conversations between wives and war torn soldiers. You look at children playing and drawing along the walls, hearing the faint song playing from a guitar in the distance. You feel a sense of peace, just to be shaken back to reality by the alert of another attack.This is, the reality deep within the Metro of post apocalyptic Moscow. Families trying to survive desperate times and soldiers trying to survive mutants. Around every corner are unknown dangers waiting to strike.It is the morning when your friend enters your small room to get you ready for the caravan delivery you will be embarking on. It is the first time you've left the safety of your home station, but are assured it will be a safe and a short trip between here and a neighboring station, you have other plans to journey to Polis station however. You ride the caravan with your friends feeling calm when you're told by workers the main tunnel is closed off, and that you will have to use an alternative access tunnel. This is where things take a turn for the worse.You will have to fight, sneak and survive your way through the metro on your odyssey to Polis station. Every table is turned against you willing for your failure, whether that be bandits, hostile soldiers or horrifying creatures, mutated from living and breathing the nuclear radiation on the surface above, in the dead city of Moscow. Few allies are made but you rely on them with your live and vice versa. In the metro a man is his word so be careful who you trust.The gameplay graphics are in a word, great. Shadows are strong as is the darkness and the overall atmosphere is intense. As I travel outside in the ruins of the city I appreciate the lighting and the reflections.Snow and ice have a more traditional life like look about them over being overly bright. The many buildings are fairly detailed and as we go down into the metro tunnels I can see light sources and lighting reflections are top notch. The game uses a wonderful stealth system, though it can be buggy at times.Hostile soldiers will be alerted to excessive sound and from seeing you crawl around the metro in dimly lit areas. In the game you wear a watch that acts as both a gasmask timer alarming you to replace your gasmask filters, as well as a light indicator telling you how visible you are in lit areas. The less light shining on you the more stealthy you are.The game controls are relatively easy to use. Among standard shooter game controls we see a few extra controls required for game specific items like your universal charger, that keeps your flash light and night vision goggles charged if you have them, and along with controls for fitting your gasmask and replacing filters. We have controls for swapping out ammunition in assault rifles from regular low quality metro made bullets to premium prewar military ammunition. Be careful using prewar ammo as it also serves as currency within the metro.The game is honestly poorly optimized, as at highest settings and anything above 1080p you'll need some serious central processing and graphics processing power. Using a 3570k paired with a r9 280x and 8gb of system memory, I can run high settings at 1080p in direct X 10 and achieve more than acceptable frame rates however. Setting to direct X 11 is where things get tough, along with other settings like anti aliasing and PhysX for those of you with Nvidia graphics.Overall Metro 2033 is an amazingly fresh horror first person shooter. It offers a wonderful atmosphere to experience with some tough challenges, especially at higher difficulty settings.If you like games similar to whats been described I'd give Metro 2033 a look for sure."
,Recommended,286690,19770293,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Kykal 阿乱,One of the best games I've played before.
,Not Recommended,286690,16723382,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MoreThanMoral,"When I saw this game, I didn't know whether or not to buy it even though it came in a bundle and it was on sale. I bought it, and I was happy that it was a relativly small game. I started playing, and it was alright. It was kinda fun, but then I got farther into the game and I started getting framrate drops from 40-60 to 1, I would shoot an enemy straight in the face and then get killed by it, and I was also getting stuck on a lot of stuff. The story is alright. Its not a bad game, but its definitly not MY type of game. I bought this game during the summer sale, I was even exited to see that it was ""one of the top 50 FPS games of all time"" but I was honestly let down and im not enjoying it."
76561197998582976,Recommended,286690,12613036,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JegErSuppe,"AWESOME, just awesome"
,Recommended,286690,12616053,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ste@mpunkthing,"A great game, great if you're looking for a bit of a scare, bit a shrooms, and a bit of stealth, the stealth however is way too easy, you can stand right in front of somebody's face and they won't see you."
,Not Recommended,286690,14454064,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,axelhyttnas_,"Well, simply the game just doesn't work.When I try to start this game, a black screen pops up for barely a second. Then, straight back to the Desktop.Please, don't buy this game! This bug has been going on for ages, but they're probably never going to fix this.It's not worth your money, STAY AWAY!BTW, if I wasn't clear enough:STAAAAAAAY AAAAAWAAAAAYYY!!!!!You're going to thank me for those words.Also Steam says I have to be polite writing this review, it's quite hard when the game does not actually WORK!"
76561197972607142,Not Recommended,286690,18686165,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,g4ng,"There is a good game buried under a lot of unfortunate mistakes here.  If you're looking for a Fallout style game you won't get it as this is not an open world and much of the game is little more than interactive cutscenes.  Annoying bug ridden unskippable cutscenes.  The nosalises are ridiculously deadly and durable and only killable because of the bad AI, AI that is at certain points obviously turned even further down to make them harmless for you at critical ""story"" points.  Much immersion is lost as the NPCs that occasionally help you out are obviously indestructible as piles of nosalises jump on them, or by the innumerable dead bodies all over that all have 2 bullets on them.On top of it's other problems the game tries to be way too many things.  A FPS, an interactive story, a supernatural ghost horror, a zombie game, a survival game and a struggle against bandits/communists/nazis.  The game has a mostly solid core and had it stuck to one thing and cut a few of the interactive cutscenes it could have been quite a bit of fun but instead it's just annoying and tedious."
,Recommended,286690,13218383,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Leaf,"great game, just a few bugs I'm hoping will be sorted soon"
,Recommended,286690,14035763,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Humbleification,"THE most interesting game I have ever played with a storyline. This first part of the story is awesome. Graphics are really nice, combat is really intense and fun. I feel the second part of the story which is Metro: Last Light Redux was better in terms of combat and such. Metro: 2033 Redux was good in disgusting me, such as the monsters. I recommend both Metro: 2033 Redux and Metro: Last Light Redux to its highest peak. I give both games a 100/10. It is that good. Also, Metro"" Last Light Redux has a better ending than Metro: 2033!"
,Recommended,286690,11928432,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sayerslot,"tl:dr:10/10 would cheeki breeki again.On a serious note though, my PC is not the best, and I played this game on medium settings and have a blast, playing on ranger mode is rediculously unforgiving, and part of you dies when you realise youre about to go head on into a fight with about 10 bullets and a few shotgun shells. However, there were a few missions where the AI is just too damn clever and you will end up dying over and over, however if this does happen, youre likely playing wrong, so look for a way around because this game is like that, it is rather linear but the constant sidepaths can, with the promise of more money for more loot and ammo and shiny new guns, make it feel much more open. However, especially in the stations, you will find the linearity more apparent. The atmosphere is so well built up, you feel so immersed, then you just kind of notice the linearity, and it makes you hope that the next metro game will be open world, because that would just be badass..."
,Recommended,286690,21160621,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fusō,"Metro 2033 with elements, mostly gameplay, from 2034.A bit more refined and bit easier at times, but the new difficulty levels can make it a whole lot more hellish, just the way I like it."
,Recommended,286690,16693877,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The One,"Well i got a AK in dry station, found some weed, saw some commies, saw some nazis, at some mushroom rat stew.It is an improvement, It seems to have a few more nods to the book that the regualr edition. definatly buy the redux over the regular if this is your first time, also it runs extremly well. where i get 30-40 frames on the regular, i am now geting 90-130 frames per second, i have a 2gb card and 8gb ram."
76561198182173793,Recommended,286690,16720112,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cruzercraft,Best FPS STORY GAMES EVER!!!!!!!!
76561198122658057,Recommended,286690,16333802,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wretchad,"If you are an FPS player, this is a must have game. There are many levels of challenge for beginners to experienced players and the feel of the game is amazing. I could go on and on about how everything from the art to the sounds and characters really pull you in but if you want to play an unforgetable and replayable immersive FPS campaign this is the game for you."
76561198129564956,Not Recommended,286690,17535156,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,GenericGentleman,"So, as many people enjoy the game, lucky you. I did enjoy the game and played 3 hours on 2 different occasions weeks apart, yes the game is fun and yes typically it is recommend worthy, except that despite having a liquid cooled system, with a R9 390 and 8g of ram and fx-6350. The game though after a mere 1.6 hours as my steam log reads, fried my PC. I tried to contact the company to see about a Replacement for the damages of their software yet they do not respond.  So no, I do not recommend this game.  Also 4a-games, please contact me and refund your damages, with further response, I can inform you of all the details."
,Recommended,286690,12014493,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Musakani,i recommend this game but do have in mind that it's difficult and needs a lot of time until the end.
76561197975895891,Recommended,286690,14911178,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,Great atmosphere. Not as good as the second but also awesome intense.
76561198067146702,Not Recommended,286690,19661192,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kay,crash and crash everytimei cant play this♥♥♥♥♥♥1/10 would not working again
,Not Recommended,286690,18819406,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Thaxs (Axel),"The game tries to be many things but fails at most of them.ProsAn interesting story / universe. This was enough for me to buy the game and play x amount of hours.Decent character acting and voices. Russian characters are cool.Weapon customizationAmmo management (both a pro and con)ConsThe game pace is much! too slow. I keep thinking - hurry up already!Gamplay is linearThe game tries to be scary but fails (nothing like Doom 3).The game tries to have unique elements but i've seen it all beforeStealth element works, but is lacking and overly simpleAmmo management (both a pro and con)Would I buy again? NoEDIT: The game is more fun after drinking some beers."
76561198253012377,Recommended,286690,18745062,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Monika Sterling,"Fav game of all time! Great story, stunning surroundings and cool characters."
,Recommended,286690,18717708,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pre$,Great story graphics and sound was awesome. Some annoying aspects gas filters etc etc cough gorillas cough cough.. i picked it up for 5 eu and i'm happy i did! I think it's a little expensive for a story game. well my opinion. A must if you like to shoot nazis xD. buy it!
,Recommended,286690,18540995,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kingdom,great game get it
,Recommended,286690,20691736,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nipps ☭,"This game is simply amazing. To the story to the characters, to the entire universe as a whole. It is all tied together superbly and that really shows in the gameplay.This game is not straight forward, and that's what I like about it. I always go for the least obvious path, and there's always something there for me to find. The survival aspect of conserving ammo, using your filters correctly and stealth make you feel really immersed in the world.The gunplay is excellent. You really feel the adrenaline rush when you're surrounded by a horde, and your only option is to spray and really pray for a good outcome.The graphics are amazing. I don't really have an amazing PC and I run this fine on the highest settings. The visuals are absolutley stunning.Overall, this is probably the best 10 hours I have played of any single player game. I wish I got hit by a truck so I could forget it all, just so I could experience this game again.10/10 , this game is my new bae. <3"
76561198258874398,Recommended,286690,19767376,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Herpes,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561197976663594,Not Recommended,286690,20475443,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DarKMaTTeR,"This is as dull and bland as Call of Duty, except that CoD at least has some solid gunplay. Why this game received praise is beyond me. Other reviewers mention atmosphere and graphics as the key accomplishment of Metro. One can easily see the effort, but the actual end result is one blurry, smudgy, dirty, dark mess. It completely ruins what little joy gunplay tries to offer. As for atmosphere, it is overwhelmed by how basic and boring the story is. Hearing your character gasp for air is the closest this game comes to being memorable."
,Recommended,286690,20915197,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Esteban Baconmore,"I usually hate playing with russians, but this time it wasn't that bad"
76561198061386138,Not Recommended,286690,20735830,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,The Barbarian,"This game had potential but it falls short in many ways:Pros:1- Certain parts of the game have a creepy atmosphere.2- The graphics are decent if your PC can handle running the game at the higher video settings.Cons-:1- The story doesn't really develop, at the end of the game you are left with a lot of unanswered questions.2- The mutants can take a shotgun blast to the head at point blank range without flinching, shooting the heads or the bodies of mutants seems to do the same amount of damage to them.3- The game is very linear, the different areas you visit are quite small so there is not really any exploration.4- There is not a lot of actual game play, most of the game is made up of cut scenes that can't be skipped even if you played that part of the game before and scripted events.5- You are not given any hints about where to go or what to do at certain parts of the game which can be frustrating e.g. at one part of the game you are in a train carriage and there are some spiderwebs in front of you and you can't walk through them, the only way you can progress the game is if you burn them away with your lighter (WTH!), later on in the game you are given night vision goggles but you can't use them until you 'charge' them, but the game doesn't give you any hint that they have to be 'charged' before being used..."
,Recommended,286690,23973492,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Larpydoodle,"Picked this up for a couple bucks on the Steam Summer Sale, and it was well worth it. Get this if you want a relatively linear, story-based FPS.+Decent Story+Good Atmosphere+Satisfying Gunplay+Multiple playstyles in many chapters+Relatively Short (Doesn't overstay its welcome)-Relatively Short (Ends somewhat abrubtly)-""Normal"" Difficulty was probably a bit too easy-Objectives sometimes unclear"
76561198143527760,Not Recommended,286690,21357165,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Preacher,"Absolute crap. All interactable objects were completely invisible. Doors, crates, enemies, characters, all completely see-through. I've tried to fix it, but to no avail. Just buy the normal version, save yourself the headache."
,Recommended,286690,25517316,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ChactiChomp,"Creepy enviroments, beautiful lighting, intense combat and lots of russians.One of the best single player first person shooters out there."
76561198135603835,Recommended,286690,31111599,Posted: 13 April,all,TodboT,yes
76561198131303347,Recommended,286690,23350871,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,demonthe1,"I wold write a proper revew, but that wold be a whol book. It is the F@*&ing best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the stelth, the wepons, atmosphear, the horror (at leas to me). Perfect if you love srvival, post apocolips, and general fun!"
76561198254201802,Recommended,286690,27289986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cosmic Crap,"Very fun game. But make sure that you have a decent pc. The graphics in the game really matter, good graphics and lighing settings make the game more interesting and eerie. Going above ground brings fps all the way down because of the snow. Other than that the game is really fun, with great lore, a lot of weapons, and very hard difficulty making the game challenging and even more fun. :D"
,Recommended,286690,17219667,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Burnsides,get it.NAOW
76561198025806158,Not Recommended,286690,31960394,Posted: 25 May,all,Blindr,It crashes to desktop while playing Dead City map and then it always crashes when loading. Replay map and after a while another crash.
,Recommended,286690,31618279,Posted: 7 May,all,quoro,very russian very important moral choices for exampole: would u rather squee or XD?
,Recommended,286690,29047758,Posted: 5 January,all,Vio,+ Great Atmosphere & Voice Acting+ Weapon Mods+ Russians+ Demons- No Co-Op
,Recommended,286690,32510658,Posted: 17 June,all,xX_NegevMaster_Xx,I cant recommend this any more
,Not Recommended,286690,32553170,Posted: 18 June,all,Ray P. Daddy,"A Lot of Glitches and bugs that the original didn't have.Dumb down AI.Brighter and less atmospheric, and at some points even graphically downgraded.The ''Survival'' Game mod option does not simulate the original at all. And to top it of is theRanger modwitch is the same asLast light´sterribleRanger mod, and there is no option to play the original version.Gameplay quirks and references from the original game have been removed.In conclusionGet yourself the Original Metro 2033you'll be happy you did."
,Not Recommended,286690,16571292,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,_KingKiwi_,I WANT TO ENJOY THIS GAME SO MUCH! I JUST CAN'T! All of the negetive reveiws are either people whining about it being broken or people saying it wasn't worth buying if you've played the other version but I honestly do not like this game. The more I play the more boring it gets for me and everything feels so dull. I honestly can't see how people like this game but after hearing so many people say it's great I want to enjoy it like they do.
76561197964984594,Recommended,286690,28931287,Posted: 1 January,all,Newter,13 hours to beat. good story and I hope you like mazes.
76561198254678471,Recommended,286690,32697213,Posted: 23 June,all,peterpan320,nice. k thx bye.
,Recommended,286690,13589422,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sykute,"Metro 2033 Redux is an excellent remodel of Metro 2033, which I received during a free game promotion on Facebook. It had been sitting in my backlog for nearly a year now until I decided to finally pick it up based on the amazing reviews my friends have been touting. Now when I was deciding which to play, the original Metro 2033 or go ahead and pick up the Redux, I was stuck between a rock and a hard place. Many review sites just copied and pasted their original reviews without adding any additional input on the game's updated graphics. Like a true Steam sale connoisseur, I went ahead and purchased the Redux at the lowest price with the intentions of playing, eventually.I will admit, the first couple moments into the game were quite boring (and dull to say the least). It felt like a generic FPS based in a Fallout environment, however, moments into the storyline, once you are flashed back into your Metro, home stations for the surviving human population, the game really showed it's true colors, a dark, decelent game with little hopes of human survival. From the underground conflicts between the rival groups, Red and the Naiz, and the cruel irradiated monsters that now walk (and fly) in the streets of a nuclear Moscow, you aren't looking at a walk in the park.I HIGHLY recommend Metro 2033 Redux to anyone that enjoys post-apocalyptic games like Fallout or Wolfenstein: The New Order."
76561198014031810,Not Recommended,286690,23124722,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Shadow,"A great game that fell victim to :- constant crashes- bad platforming- game breaking bugs ""had to restart 2 levels during my playthrough because of these""- tons and tons of glitches- horrible gas mask systemAnd to think this is a Redux where they should have at least fixed the crashes and game breaking bugs  :("
,Recommended,286690,28714055,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SoggyMiniWheats,"Great game! Worth to pick up, especially while it's on sale!"
76561198097887522,Recommended,286690,29102268,Posted: 7 January,all,Mac Tonight,"''If its hostile, you kill it!''10/10 Cant recommend enough!"
76561198049282692,Recommended,286690,26949367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grim Dingo,This game showed me how to be a man
76561198041184744,Recommended,286690,26980419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-JAEGER- DIAMOND DOG,This game is A masterpiece of pcand is amazing
,Recommended,286690,26934020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eXtory,This is one of the best game I've ever played. Based on a novel these games are beatufuly made.+attention to detail+atmosphere+sound and music+each enemy type has it's own weakness+lightning+different endings based on your actions.+deep storyi really recommend these games. but you need a good pc to run this game on ultra.
,Recommended,286690,26966263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GGDusty,One of the best games out there. Ithas a great story and an amazing atmosphere. Worth a look see for sure.
76561198108188805,Recommended,286690,28688559,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cd,Cant run it for crap...................................................................................................................................................... plz hlp me so i cn runn ite
76561198327574658,Recommended,286690,28633991,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mike wazowski,It's good.
,Recommended,286690,29481600,Posted: 25 January,all,Dusky,Great simulator for Trumps 2017 election. Nails it everytime
,Recommended,286690,26987466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JasonKai,One of the best remake there is.
76561198099408232,Recommended,286690,26832282,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scoot,"This game really suprised me in a good way and i have had alot of enjoyment out of this game. The story was relativley good, the characters in the game were quite interesting (i would've prefered it if artyom was not a silent pratagonist though), the atmosphere was preobably one of the best things about this game it helped immerse me into the game, the way the game makes you approach a group of enemies differently because you dont have enough ammo makes the game challenging. I would defenitley recommend picking up this game if you never played it before."
76561198072812574,Recommended,286690,26983836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aarikah,"Awesome game, the story is amazing and the game is very well made."
,Recommended,286690,26967695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[GG] General G. Spooks™ SICK,This game is just awesome 10/10 gold bars and this gives me the creeps when I have no lights on and my headphones on
,Recommended,286690,26053805,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kupka,Just awesome.
,Recommended,286690,22203567,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DavidZ4,"At first, I had disdain for this game, something near disgust. ''What is this another clone of Fallout? Screw it.'' So I forgot it. To be honest, at this time, I was more interested by the Fallout franchise, it was when the dual Reduxes reboots weren't on the market, only the original games were there. When the Reduxes came out, I was curious to see what they changed,updated.upgraded,ect. I watched a couple of gameplays on YouTube, I wasn't impressed. So, I went on the review section on the game's store page. It all came to one thing: the story.At this moment, I dared this game to be better than the FPSes I played: the Bioshock franchise, the Half-life franchise, Deus-Ex: Human Revolution and Wolfenstein: The New Order. Suprisingly, A sale on the dual reduxes came out. I bought them both. Then I started playing Metro 2033. There is one thing that the Metros had but the other games didn't have: The urge to scavenge, keeping track of how many minutes you had left on your filters, looking for filters,ammo, new gaz masks,etc. It may seem like nothing, but this makes a big difference in how you play this specific game. It adds another dimension in immersion which makes the game spectacular. If you play on Ranger or Ranger Hardcore, you'll be immersed in the game in maximum 5 minutes. You won't pay attention to the hours passed on this game, you'll pay attention to the game. Apart from the immersion ther is alot more to the game. The story 10/10 : the mix of present and past adds alot to the experience. The music 11/10, it makes you feel like you are wandering throughout a wasteland but it makes you feel like you have nostalgia for the land that was before the War, which is exactly what this game needs. Characters: 9/10: it does not make you feel like these people are your friends but more like partners,comrades. The art style, 10/10 : the perfect balance of colours and ruined landscapes for this kind of game. The combat system, 7.5/10 Intuitive but lacks originality in using the environment around you and your enemies. Overall Gameplay: 9.5/10.Final Verdict: 10/10, for standing out for this kind of game. Must play/own."
,Not Recommended,286690,29385562,Posted: 20 January,all,8 Visor,"This game is really good for what it is. The story of this game is fantastic! But this game was poorly developed in running properly. It contains a lot of glitches that makes this game unplayable. I had Npc's disappearing from existence and gltiching out, making me have to restart the whole chapter from the beginning even when im so close to the next. I also had random crashes is certain chapters, with this game, and the Light redux as well. If the developers actually took the time to fix the crashes and especially the Npc glitching out into thin air, this game would be playable.Intel i7 4790kAmd Radeon 290X4gb ram"
76561198144048649,Recommended,286690,29640162,Posted: 1 February,all,{VoD} Seth,love the game but WHERE IS THE MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!
76561198036303165,Not Recommended,286690,19703267,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Perfect Toast,"Yet another stealth FPS gone wrong.  It could have been good, but nope.  I personally hate it.  Voice actors are bland, and I swear I've heard the same one on at least 4 characters.  Nosalises take a ridiculous amount of ammo to take down; I shot a Nosalis with the quad barrel shotgun 3 times (thats 6 shells) and it still proceeded to shred me apart.  There are areas that look accessible when they aren't because they're blocked by an invisible wall.  And the difficulty ramp between Normal and Hardcore is just ludicrous.  On Normal, you can easily survive at least 6 shotgun shells while only getting a red screen.  On Hardcore, you're lucky to survive 3.The concept is amazing, and they fixed a lot of stuff in the second game, Metro: Last Light.  But this... its bad..."
,Recommended,286690,29415993,Posted: 21 January,all,KZ Tung,good game
,Recommended,286690,17326180,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sheep shagger,really good game so far. grapics so sick and monsters are cool too.you must get this game wait into the sales i got this as bundle for 6 quids bargin
,Recommended,286690,29350175,Posted: 18 January,all,Deus Vult,This game is so good!
76561197972891067,Recommended,286690,20196219,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[PA1s]Weedaxe,"That was quite the game. I really enjoyed the story, the world and the characters met.Linear but, with a good drive and plot."
,Recommended,286690,21227093,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tom,Good.
,Recommended,286690,23313418,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Banement I,You can smoke pot. 10/10
76561198134789771,Recommended,286690,21217279,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pein_Trein {F.PE.C},its like counter strike with nazis and mutants 10/10
76561198213847107,Recommended,286690,21250930,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,hs_factory,Perfect game!
76561198043905981,Recommended,286690,22076171,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trues55,this game contains awesome be warned
,Recommended,286690,17316178,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,STAN,"Amazing experience! Must buy at 3,99E.EDIT: I`ve been playing this for a while and i have to say that it`s really addictive when you get deep in the story. I also ordered the novel and i can`t wait to read it!"
,Not Recommended,286690,18668977,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Neoseph,"Meh, pretty basic FPS nothing special but not that bad really. Hopefully the second one impresses me more."
76561198085287212,Recommended,286690,13592275,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DELTA FORCE,"its good dont get me wrong but its not as good as the original. my reason are that most weapons where changed with the new customisation system so the AK74M has a new skin which looks to new for the metro compered to the originals old and scrached AK in woodland camo, also the Shambler had a name change from Uboinik for some reason as well as its Bayonet melee system was removed and its reload changed to be less confusing. but the game is good but the new mechanics make it feel more Call of Duty than its older counterpart.Also some mutants have being changed to look more inposing but their new AI lets them down some times, the librarian is a good example its old model was scary becuse it was human like in looks and AI but in the redux its more of a big unintelligant ape than its older incarnation.Also the HUD is not great with its new ammo limt which is to low for most weapons and with its blatently obvious hit markers that can be turned off thank god. Some things i do like though are the expanded maps and new stealth system with things like knocking out human foes instead of killing them.Also the Eco system of  bugs and spider webs are cool, rats seem glichty though.Before buy this i sugest you play the original game to get the feel of what im talking about, this was more of a re-release for the weaker consoles than a improvement for hardcore fans."
,Recommended,286690,29837884,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooks,8/10
,Recommended,286690,16326364,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,this game is better than resident evil 5 and 6 combinedsurvival horror at its finest
,Recommended,286690,24929435,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Negan,"Loved the game, the atmosphere, the story and everything. Worthy every cent and time spent."
76561198146160901,Recommended,286690,29677048,Posted: 3 February,all,Ethan,nah baddd
,Recommended,286690,21230793,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ardvy,A Feeld Trip
76561198014507719,Recommended,286690,28434692,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,reptilious,Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light are hands down the best FPS games I have played in a long time. Way better than the stale mass produced games from the more well known franchises.
,Recommended,286690,30813823,Posted: 29 March,all,ツ bullied,"9/10 Would look at russians againGreat gameplay, not run and gun. You can crouch basically right in front of an enemy with the flashlight off and they won't see you. I can run it on my terrible laptop, but I had to increase video RAM. Do not recommend to people with 4 GB RAM or below, or very bad Intel i5 Processor."
76561198305614991,Recommended,286690,30726124,Posted: 25 March,all,KillSwitch,Im speechless! Incredible game for such a small price. This is a cod and bf killer.11/10 solo play11/10 graphics11/10 story lineThe devs of this game are genuis!!
,Recommended,286690,31436941,Posted: 29 April,all,robotrage,cheeki breeki....Wait.. wrong gameIf it's hostile you kill it !
76561198364627272,Recommended,286690,31393156,Posted: 27 April,all,gregwhit2,"Loved Metro, great game!"
,Recommended,286690,31579819,Posted: 6 May,all,ЭЛАNG,Nice Story... But Little bit Scary
,Recommended,286690,31315511,Posted: 23 April,all,Mrs.Nero142,love this game XD
,Recommended,286690,31408699,Posted: 27 April,all,Trublade,"Any one who is even thinking about taking a ride on the metro should, and here is why!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuZFL8aim0k"
,Recommended,286690,31534574,Posted: 3 May,all,Speirs333®,SPOOKY
,Recommended,286690,31433515,Posted: 29 April,all,Reina 忍,"""WAKE UP, ARTYYYYYYOOOOMMMMMM!!!!"""
76561198119128584,Recommended,286690,31436472,Posted: 29 April,all,Dovahkiin,10/10 By the far best game i own
76561198113215529,Recommended,286690,31533999,Posted: 3 May,all,"""GLEN""","Fun game, with the price that it is sometimes its worth it."
,Recommended,286690,23371056,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SciN3RD,Russian fallout... the one without cheeki breeki...
76561198199193795,Recommended,286690,29249173,Posted: 14 January,all,Brian5669,Great story and great combat get this game
76561198112100079,Recommended,286690,29251632,Posted: 14 January,all,ambion,Great game
76561198184224647,Recommended,286690,33162756,Posted: 2 July,all,GFX,You should attack librarians with knife
,Recommended,286690,25962709,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,сљоза,"Feeling tired of♥♥♥♥♥♥western PC games made for 12 year old American brats? Want to try something with deeper storyline, a game that actually has athmosphefe (which is btw best I've seen), that has unique engine and gameplay? This is the game for you.You should get Bundle because Metro: Last Light is even better than first part. After finishing this game for the 4th time I can say that developers really know how to do their♥♥♥♥♥♥for an alternative community of interest. If you liked S.T.A.L.K.E.R or you like Slavs in general you will meet your daily dose of cheeki breeki.Also, this game offers full voice over in several languages which I consider a must in modern gaming. It's best if you speak Russian so you can enjoy this game to maximum."
,Recommended,286690,33622103,Posted: 17 July,all,Water,Vodka.
,Recommended,286690,33617413,Posted: 17 July,all,Deano,Interesting documentary on Russia right after the invention of vodka.
76561197993351715,Recommended,286690,33621210,Posted: 17 July,all,mizpahboy,A absolute monster....loved it
,Recommended,286690,33622849,Posted: 17 July,all,ʇǝןƃƃıu,"Amazing game, loved every part of it, from struggling to save filters and ammo to killing librarians this game is honestly just amazing. Just cant wait for exodus."
76561198273582034,Recommended,286690,33618193,Posted: 17 July,all,ZeroXeeN,one of my best video games ..the story is good and world is perfect
,Recommended,286690,33621227,Posted: 17 July,all,FloralDinosaur,"Probably my favorite stealth survival gameplay, the key lesson is that while the narrow confines of the metro is the perfect setting for a spray and pray, it will butcher you for trying. Time your shots and conserve your ammo, the world is no longer forgiving."
,Recommended,286690,26359106,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Daimo,"This game is absolutely amazing and I wish I didn't overlook it for years, thinking it was some janky Russian fps.It's so well put together you could almost believe it was published in the 'current year'. The story is well written, the atmosphere is engrossing and the universe is well fleshed out. The only negative is the sound design where lots of NPC's talk over each other and it's difficult to discern what's going on.Yes it's a 8 hour corridor shooter, but what an experience!"
,Recommended,286690,24958245,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ripahar,I hope Jen-Hsun Huang dies of cancer
76561197982231182,Recommended,286690,24040996,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TimSteve,"An atmospheric FPS done well.Solid controls, good storyline pushing you along with decent pacing and an every present need for more light/air making it feel that you're never quite moving quickly enough... heaps of fun"
,Recommended,286690,24053673,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,I AM HERE,"Gotta love Metro, and the redux fixes many game breaking bugs and makes a lot of improvements."
,Not Recommended,286690,32571178,Posted: 19 June,all,Chris the crispy cunt,F**K THE SPIDERS!!!!
,Recommended,286690,33494263,Posted: 12 July,all,Pichael Thompson,I hate linear games.... then I played metro 2033. Basically post apocolyptic uncharted. Except Artyom is more badass than Nathan Drake...
76561198271305821,Recommended,286690,33464267,Posted: 11 July,all,Darth Vegan™,I hate this dirty ammo thing. You just hit over and over but the ♥♥♥♥ing mutant creatures doesn't die. You became cancer than you give the game back.
,Recommended,286690,30063610,Posted: 20 February,all,✪ MZS * Star,"BEST GAME EVER! Great experience, Good Stories, Good Graphics and everything else! Can't wait for the New Release of The Metro.."
,Recommended,286690,33171771,Posted: 3 July,all,Doc.Versutolog,One of the best games I'va ever played!
,Recommended,286690,24101154,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,K-Deezy,"♥♥♥♥ing grade A game. Fantastic atmosphere, fantastic story, and fantastic visuals. It also features above average gunplay and weapon variety, and a decently long campaign. Overall, a pleasant surprise for me. Seeing as I bought it on a whim during a sale."
76561198132690578,Recommended,286690,26392465,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Noob Nightmare,"Well it has a great story and awesome graphics, and i really enjoyed it so i recommend it for sure"
,Recommended,286690,26175834,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ｂｅｐｉｓ ｄｏｇｇ,i learned more russian in this than counter strike
76561198149988082,Recommended,286690,26177208,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tombomb2016,fun but laged like crazy
76561198168180499,Not Recommended,286690,19540493,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Lui,the only reason why i am disliking is for some reason close to the end of the game i keep crashing (the intro loadia and it load onto the loading the mission then it just freezes)
,Recommended,286690,31616421,Posted: 7 May,all,nerf or nothing B),nice
,Recommended,286690,17748098,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Witchdoctor1,"Short review: One of the best, most atmospheric and interesting shooters I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,286690,33594037,Posted: 16 July,all,Alfonzo the Russian,"Metro 2033 is unimpressive and boring. The characters are mostly stale and homogeneous, except for Khan he's a little different, as well as terribly voice acted. I actually cared more about not using my bullets than helping my teammates kill enemies. The enemies are either repetitive or boringly designed. The only thing this game does well enough to mention is the atmosphere of the surface, the shadow people stuff with Khan, and the other surrealist events."
,Recommended,286690,14980735,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,vlbuckethead811,A great story along with good graphics/gameplay
76561198089673790,Recommended,286690,17333587,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fonzie | csgolive.com,Seems like a good game but my potato pc cant handle the graphics 9/10 :D
76561198063837313,Recommended,286690,30458691,Posted: 11 March,all,Hallolo,♥♥♥♥♥s good
,Recommended,286690,13751368,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,World's Strongest Virgin,"Love it. I was very critical of the original, mostly due to technical issues. My computer was able to play Last light seemlessly (with the PhysX) but struggled with 2033. With this new edition the FPS drops below 50 occasionally but it's not enough to effect gameplay (still a resource hog if you're playing on an older computer). Another complaint was that the character models looked awkward and cartoonish. The monsters have been vastly improved with only a couple awkward attack animations left to remind us how awful they were originally, and the humans have seen a similar improvement, but sadly the eyes and eyebrows still have little to know movement as though they were painted on, and the mostly awful voice acting  has carried over.A lot of people are criticizing the higher lighting level; true enough, even at the lowest gamma setting everything is clearly visible in the dark. THIS ONLY EFFECTS THE FIRST THIRD OF THE GAME, after that for some reason the darks get much darker, and you'll have night vision anyway.The enemy AI has been vastly improved meaning that it's actually possible to take a stealth approach to many of the levels. Personally, I found this alone completely changed the game and made it worth the extra play though. That said; the levels aren't exactly designed for stealth (lot's of enemies hudled around a camp fire for instance, the games very oriented around scavenging so ignoring them puts you at a disadvantage) and enemies are much too easily alerted to you presence. For instance you'll alert everyone close to you by taking a single step while not crouched. The stealth is more enjoyable, but it's far easier to go in guns blazing which takes away the fun.One unfortunate effect of the Redux is the game is really easy now. With the exceptions of (a lot) of cheap deaths, I hardly had to worry about dying at all, and even when I did the checkpoint system was so forgiving that there did not seem to be any incentive to not die."
76561198052192990,Recommended,286690,18533367,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TeaRofFeaR,"If you like fps and jump scared movies, this is for you :X"
76561197970638689,Recommended,286690,22922584,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Danlo,Even before the redux this was still one of the best looking games on the market.  Now with the updated engine it looks glorious.
,Recommended,286690,28554986,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wolfie,"DISCLAIMER: It's got some SERIOUS ISSUES in terms of game mechanics, I'm only giving this a goood reveiw because the story is amazing and worth the trouble, but you should really know what you're getting into. Story? ♥♥♥♥ing great. Book adaptation done smooth and perfectly. Visuals? Also great. Combat. Could be better, but it's satisfying. Survival aspects. pretty tight. But Mechanics? Game breaking at times. First off, stealth is possible and in some ways really good. but I had a problem where I ♥♥♥♥ed up a stealth area going through a war between Nazis and Communists. Not something I'd like to get involved in. But before I died and laoded my last save, it ♥♥♥♥ing saves as I was seen! I was stuck waging a war on two fronts versus Nazis and Communists, and I had to become death itself to survive. That's not all, either. It's got Night Vision, and it's very useful. However, I have encountered a bug where I have to use a moniter in a minigame-esque mission and the NV turns on and I can't reverse it. So now I can't see the monitor and I die without a chance/ That means I now literally can't finish. Good game. but goddamn some aweful♥♥♥♥♥♥really ruins it.6/10"
76561198130328324,Recommended,286690,29489782,Posted: 25 January,all,LinkedPhoenix,"At first of all the game just takes you right into the situtation, you could barely be there!The Storyline is not just full-packed with obvious endings and so on.The amount of weapons and the abilty to customie them makes surviving through the levels possible to be done in YOUR way.Yeah. it's just great. Btw try the Tihar air gun, i can recommend it ;D"
,Recommended,286690,26575446,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Führer DoGe,I always want to live in a world like this !
76561198149765940,Recommended,286690,26614404,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fachry Strife,good game
,Recommended,286690,26641897,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Flycarl,i like it alot :gnome:
,Recommended,286690,26573492,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Yebisu,Its good.
,Recommended,286690,30753229,Posted: 26 March,all,Saucy,hey artyom simulatorps omg the new game looks like a quality hey artyom.
76561197994298061,Recommended,286690,13424881,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mert,it's ok - straight up corridor shooter but good atmosphere. didnt really know what was going on apparently i was launching missiles why didnt they just like spread out or something?
,Recommended,286690,18497694,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Desanthian,walking russian spoopy simulator 10/10
,Recommended,286690,21149831,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,☆CallMeMaybe☆,"""Some people call these demons, i call them ♥♥♥♥♥es""Top kek Bourbon made my day.Totally worth it to play"
,Recommended,286690,26207575,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ayymed,Pros:- Good story- Good combat system (guns blazing or sneaky)- Good amount of secrets and hidden areasCan't really think of any cons.Get this game when its on sale
,Recommended,286690,31126414,Posted: 13 April,all,Felix,"First Take: It is a good, great game & it comes highly recommended! I found that the ""Redux"" version fixed the things that I thought were bad about the original Metro 2033 in a satisfactory way. The storyline is excellent, like Activision's CoD:BO2, & the gameplay is fun & engaging. The gun customization mechanic is neat & makes sense. The monsters are sufficiently scary such that there is definitely a dark feeling to it. That being said, it won't get to you the way that the new DOOM4 will, but then again that is a high-budget game from 2016 made by Id Software, so, there you have it. There isn't anything satanic or any cruddy factories in it, so, that's somethingComparisons: much like Resident Evil 6, it has sort of a sci-fi/horror/adventure feel to it. It is in first-person perspective, not third-person like RE6, so there's a difference there. Half-Life 2 by Valve is even more sci-fi inspired than this title. Metro2033Redux is MUCH better than the absolutely terrible Enemy Territory: Quake Wars game. It is much like the germanic Wolfenstein: The New Order, but with a more inspirational tone whereas Wolfenstein:TNO is more of a ""Nazi-Killing Commando"" kind of FPS.Age: it holds up well for something that came out in 2010 (2014 for the redux version) as there is a good & engaging plot. I believe it is based on a book. Much of the game takes place in the twilight hours of the day, the evening. Anyways, it is coherent & makes sense & there are impactful rewards to making it long-term through major chunks of the game, unlike in Valve Inc's CS:GO which feels the same throughout. That's not so terrible as it is very well thought out, in any case, but that is not as satisfying in the long haul.Rating: 10/10 Stars, well worth getting, especially nowadays as it can be had for essentially nothing ($20 or $10 or something like that, not a whole ton). It is the best story-driven FPS of that vintage that I have ever played. Go get it! It goes well with a Monster energy drink & a McDonald's #1 Meal. After a long day on the clean room floor it is nice to play something fun & adventerous. My girlfriend thinks I play too many of these but oh well, they are a good time.Regards,LarsPowertech"
,Not Recommended,286690,30952832,Posted: 4 April,all,f4rtm4n,"This game seemed promising with its cool atmosphere. But it's unpolished, and after it lost my progress (savegame), I decided that it wasn't worth my time anymore. It could still be worth checking out if you can get it cheap, but keep your fingers crossed ;)"
,Recommended,286690,30745536,Posted: 26 March,all,Chiyokichi,"A kind of game let you choose either good ending or bad ending. (spoiler alerts)when you choose good ending, seriously you will felt dumb because everything you went through and the sacrifice made, you just... let the darks one.... live... (spoilers alerts).In the other hand, the bad ending is like a true ending, it should be named true ending, as the metro story continue to last light and tell us there is a mysterious dark one survive after the blast. (spoiler alerts).This game is realy good, if you like post apocalyptic horror game, then METRO 2033 redux is good for you. And if you're not satisfied with the story and want to know what happen after story, then take METRO 2003: LAST LIGHT redux.Psst, game have a bad bug, at some point if you take Shambler or Bigun and customize it, game will crash.and at some point when Pavel died on the train crash (spoiler), the pavel body is still controling the train like there is no crash happen."
,Recommended,286690,26928061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jaeger,"A heartwarming story about human decency and hope wrapped up in a very good survival horror FPS. I really recommend experiencing this game as it's meant to be, avoid reading more about the nature of the plot and other game spoilers. An observant player will be well rewarded.Nominated Steam 2016 ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award."
,Recommended,286690,28029166,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Peppermint,"A very entising distpoian future, great story and good game mechanics"
,Not Recommended,286690,20072992,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Quad849,"Just check the technical support page:https://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/1/I bought the bundle pack but both games refuse to work with the Xbox controller in Mac(https://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/1/594820656478339527/).It was the negative reviews that made me want to play it, the scripted events and since I wanted to play this relaxed in my bed I thought it would be perfect a nice linear gaming but its worthless for me. They aren’t fixing it, im not playing it. Good luck if you face any technical problem, it won’t get fixed.They don't care about this game anymore, we shouldn't either."
,Recommended,286690,27883764,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,☢ MT ☢,"if you don´t own Metro, you aren´t the real Slav."
,Recommended,286690,31582772,Posted: 6 May,all,UNIT28,"""mutants, metro, apocalypse, dark ones, nazi, aghkkk, kill them brrrghh""""Artyom wake up! u drinked too much vodka!"""
76561197982877381,Recommended,286690,22013098,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Dethstarr,Not different enough to repurchase even as a benching tool If you have it you probably wouldnt want to buy it again.  Last light was more worthwhile.
,Recommended,286690,13423330,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,pineapple on pizza,This game is probably one of the best games ive ever played since skyrim 10/10 Must get better than COD
76561198140898545,Recommended,286690,32406992,Posted: 14 June,all,[rainbow2]-Wv-Zomtatos,the game is good and excellent but theres one thing i hate when i was playing for a hour and i started feeling sick and i feel i was gonna vormit or something but i do love gory and bloodshed games
76561198072281914,Not Recommended,286690,19426358,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,missileblade,"Some guy told me to collect ammo, so i did, i had some sort of vision, then i died... no explanation as to why exactly. but it doesn't matter, the game was boring me anyway."
76561197974391150,Recommended,286690,32705470,Posted: 23 June,all,RyGuy,Метро от ада10/10
,Not Recommended,286690,19427200,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Downey,"I've seen a lot of hype for these games, and they seem to have good reviews, but 102 minutes into 2033 and it's just been boring overall.Gameplay-wise, every mission is extremely short (less than 10 minutes each) and each mission has no real story. There will be some vague objective, but it never seems to be reached. Once a mission is ""completed"", the next mission has a totally new story with new charaters that you don't care about. Cutscenes are too long without any interesting story/dialogue. Combat is just shooting at wild mutations that are Call of Duty style dogs. I did have one shootout with a group of human bandits, but they were all extremely stupid and died in one hit with any weapon.Aside from direct gameplay, the game has some features I did not totally enjoy. Firstly, many important parts of the game such as the currency, weapon upgrade system, and many general controls (such as using medpacks to heal) are not explained at all. This can lead to a lot of confusion and bad decisions that could easily be avoided by better game development. The in-game currency, called ""ammo"" is extremely confusing since it is used to purchase new weapons and upgrades, but may also be the ammo you use to shoot (??).  The ammo currency is just given to you by the AI throughout the story in huge doses (60 ammo for completing a mandatory objective) but is hard to obtain in any other way, making it a non-reward and an almost unnecessary part of the game. As stated earlier, many of the vital in-game controls are left unexplained such as the use of stimpacks, flashlights, or stealth. Often times your AI allies will follow their preset linear story paths without any pause, leaving you no time to explore the game world. While this is not a problem for games like Call of Duty where the objectives are the entire goal, Metro's quasi-open world has weapons, ammo, and miniobjectives spread throughout optional sections of the world. The AI's linear progression forces the player to either skip passed these scattered items, or to just ignore the storymode for long periods of time.Overall I do not recommend Metro 2033, but I could definitely see how some people would enjoy it."
,Recommended,286690,25962032,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mealz,"Great Gameplay, Great story experienced no bugs easy to 100 percent achivements."
76561198027179912,Recommended,286690,31703919,Posted: 12 May,all,Rimka,"Metro 2033 is a masterpiece based on a book series, although a bit linear it delivers stellar atmosphere and story telling, add to this a living post apocalyptic world with all kind of mutated beasts, and ideological factions fighting over power in the last refuge of humanity : the moscow metro tunnels, and you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,286690,34300222,Posted: 16 August,all,paciVista,"Great story, amazing graphic, insane atmosphere, this one of the best post-apocalyptic themed games."
,Recommended,286690,23804081,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bug Vision: 3   D,good game
76561198042159530,Not Recommended,286690,33450843,Posted: 11 July,all,pgancarski,"The character control feals weird. Walking is sluggish, shooting gives no fun. The overall fealing is like playing an FPS game on PS with a pad - no fun. Even with plenty of FPS I still get headaches after 30 min. Graphics looks good on screenshots but not in practice. Something is just wrong with the game and I get no fun out of it."
,Recommended,286690,18540267,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DUDECEPTION,I use trainer on librarian and in the swamp lol
,Recommended,286690,23897753,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Frenchy,Can't play without vodka
,Recommended,286690,30584363,Posted: 17 March,all,ScammersSuck,Had lots of fun playing this. 8/10
76561198039230765,Recommended,286690,34385135,Posted: 20 August,all,RatKing (King of the Rats),Oh tarnation watch out Artyom them Mineblins are newly acomin and this time they are slightly more graphisisized
,Recommended,286690,34268468,Posted: 15 August,all,NateLB,"Metro 2033 but better looking (lolno♥♥♥♥♥herlock)This game is a fantastic way to blow hours exploring a desolate russian nuclear wasteland, do yourself a favor and play on Ranger, easy or hard your call, but ranger it up so people don't take a billion and a half rounds of ammo to put down AND makes it a proper 'survival' game instead of trying to be a HUR DUR WE CALL DOOT DOOT."
,Recommended,286690,34410564,Posted: 22 August,all,[GTribe] AstrαÐαimσn,It's good... It's good...
,Recommended,286690,30024394,Posted: 18 February,all,mr0794,"Excellent game. Good sound, good story, ood weapon viraity, good graphics"
,Recommended,286690,30054380,Posted: 20 February,all,25th_Gamer,PROS:Good StoryNice GameplayGood StealthGood gunplayGood GraphicsNice OptimizationNice SoundsGametime is Worth itCONS:Bad replay ValueComplicated Moral PointsRating 7.5/10
76561198153045246,Recommended,286690,14188645,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"FOR VETERAN GAMERS WHO LOVED HALF-LIFE 1 AND BLUESHIFT/OP FORCE, BUY NOW WITH NO SECOND THOUGHT, THIS GAME IS JUST THE SAME FEELING RUNNING THRU TUNNELS NEVER KNOWING WHAT WILL HAPPEN NEXT!WOW is all I can say.  Everything I loved about FPS makes it back to the table with this.  I am talking about OLD FPS games from when they were fun - in the 90s and MAYBE early 2000's... before Call of Duty ruined it all.  Not saying COD fan's won't enjoy this - contrary - I think it'll be a breath of fresh air to them and find out what a game with an immersive environment really is.  This is an absolutely stunning game, visually 100% and the sound/effects are entirely 100% also.  Weapons are upgradable and there is plenty of choice.  Even for a casual gamer, you WILL stand a chance to survive in the easier difficulties.  For more seasoned gamers, there is RANGER and RANGER HARDCORE modes to really test your skills (and get some coffee for that last one, or vodka, you're going to need it!).Also worth mentioning is I didn't have to install and log in to any third-party make-sure-you-paid-for-it-and-log-you DRM type softwares such as UBISOFT and EA are doing these days (two companies I've blacklisted).  It's so nice to just be able to run the game, instead of being punished for buying a company's product like a good honest citizen.  This really means a lot to me as a PC gamer of 20 years now.  THANK YOU.Wouldn't be complete without telling you that this runs absolutely wonderfull on a 2gb Radeon 7850 graphics board, running pci-express 3.0 on a Z97 Asus Hero board, 16gb ram and an i7 4790k cpu @ 4.6ghz.   Using SSD's in raid mode there is 0 wait time (about 2 seconds max, much less time than it takes you to read).  GFX defaulted to very high, there was absolutely positively NO hitching, stuttering or anything of the sort, and I don't think it ever dropped below 60fps.  I am sure I could turn up the gfx settings some, but why bother, the game is absolutely gorgeous.  Users of Multi-GPU or even Single-GPU powered systems on AMD FX setups, rejoice, you will also find a pleasureable experience on your 6 or 8 core CPU!  This game is MULTI-CORE ENABLED, and will use your quad-core quite well.  This game is a testament to just what can be done when a developer uses the processor and gfx hardware to it's fullest potential.  I cannot wait to see what they have planned next!Hands-Down, Entirely worth the 25$ (US) entry fee.  No qualms, no regrets, no questions about it.  Would have bought it sooner if I found time to play it before-hand.Also, on a side note, still entirely worthy, this games studio was also previously (had members from) GSC Game World which designed the STALKER (S.T.A.L.K.E.R.) game trilogy.  Not only are those games worth picking up if you like this one (though they are a bit more free-roaming), the studio has re-formed and IS working on a STALKER 2!   Keep tuned!And now for the rest of things...I did quit playing this game after an hour or two, however, as it did get just too hard too fast and the controls were much 'clunkier' feeling than the older 1st person style games I was used to.  Where's the auto-run key.  I ran out of ammo too often and was killed, again and again.  While I don't feel i've wasted my money at all (it was fun for the first hour or two and many will enjoy/rave about it), I don't think I will ever buy a first-person-shooter game again.  FPS games, while even this one is one of the best, have just gone to crap these last 10 years... COD, Battlefield, GTAIV, they're all too complicated.  What was wrong with simple?  I don't want a shooter simulation I wanted a game.I still recommend this game if you love FPS games with a challenge.  It's far too much challenge for someone in their 30s just casually playing around though."
,Recommended,286690,32048409,Posted: 29 May,all,Thatshow,"After playing the game i bought the books, i love the story and the gameplay is awesome."
,Recommended,286690,32359761,Posted: 12 June,all,Pupo4ek,Найкраща гра в пост-апокаліптичному стилі!!!
76561198134409123,Recommended,286690,30825803,Posted: 29 March,all,DAT_BOI,"If its hostile, you kill it.10/10"
76561198073138844,Not Recommended,286690,18207250,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CJlishly,"This game is terrible! Don't get it. I worked my a** off to get all this material and stuff within the game and then it became way to difficult to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥live. There are not enough details within the game to stay alive for the whole game. I've been playing for quite some time now and still can't figure out where the fk to go, the directioning sucks, even with your little arrow that your given. Even with a strong computer it's impossible to get a constant 60fps. Overall, TERRIBLE game, don't buy it."
,Recommended,286690,26927031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hericide,badge
76561198213663731,Recommended,286690,21067554,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mini Vinny,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWSOME!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,286690,34678612,Posted: 2 September,all,Franelburg | Hellcase.com,JUST BUY AND PLAY IT
76561197969306491,Not Recommended,286690,21645475,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Captein,"Full of bugs.Horribly optimzationUnbalanced in every possible waydid I mention bugs?To get past a tunnel level I had to get to the main menu and load the chapter all over again... else i'd get stuck with an insta kill bug thing. Anyways, by doing so, after getting past, i'm thrown into the next stage without ANY ammo whatsoever, how i'd face the hordes of enemies there?On top of everything, this game is ridiculously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficult at some levels, getting you into a bad checkpoint where you'd get stuck no matter how many times you repeat. The only thing you can do is to reload the entire chapter and pray for some luck. This game simply throws hoardes at you and expect you kill 20 guys at ONCE with pinpoint precision while getting shot at by them, so that maybe, just maybe you wont get a bad checkpoint right ahead.It's a shame, it could have been a great title... but was turned into pure JUNK and disappointment. I suppose the development team knew how badly bugged this game is, that they added the chapter selection just so people wont lose their entire progress every 15 minutes."
,Recommended,286690,26546716,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,epic vietnam roblox guy oof,GOT STUCK WITH THE ♥♥♥♥ING LIBRARIANS WITHOUT ANY FILTER. GREAT GAME. EDITING FILES DOESNT WORK. PLEASE END MY MISERABLE LIFE.
76561198024372422,Recommended,286690,24200810,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,P_ART lag,super game
,Recommended,286690,24197875,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,boruteferra,DONT TRUST THE HOOKER!Play it on hardcore mode for the full exp. would reccomend it to anyone. 10/10
76561197979635569,Not Recommended,286690,32476821,Posted: 16 June,all,Zer0,"Unplayable.The first time I launched the game (and ONLY the first time), ""Metro 2033 Redux"" loaded almost properly. 'Almost' because the video portions seemed to work normally, but the audio was limited to static. When the intro had finished, I exited the game to further test my computers audio settings. No problems discovered, no changes made. Went back to the game and all subsequent attempts to launch have failed, even when approving a launch in safe mode... after restarting Windows. Or uninstalling and re-installing the game.The community has found several workarounds. Unfortunately, none of them solved the problem.Run in previous versions of WIndows? No go.Run as Admin? No go.Delete/replacelegal.ogv?No go on either.Delete intro? No go.Ensure redist x64 had Admin privileges? No go.0/10, two thumbs down. If this were a recent development, there would be room for understanding. But this is the very definition of a show-stopper: the game won't launch, period. How that kind of problem could go unsolved for more than a few months is a mystery. But it looks like it's been around since at least 2015 and if that's the case, it's simply inexcusable. I'll keep my fingers crossed that this issue is addressed soon so I'll have time to experience ""2033"" and ""Last Light"" before the next chapter is released.edit: clarifed sentence, ""I'll keep my fingers crossed..."""
,Recommended,286690,24196874,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DragonCurse4,"What more can be said about this game that hasn't already been said?The story is one of the best most engaging I've ever experienced game wise. The setting and atmosphere really make you feel the dreary hopelessness of the entire situation.Gameplay wise, I rather like that you have to micromanage your items (ie recharging your flashlight when the battery drains, wiping your gas mask when you get blood and debris on it, and the fact that you have limited filter time). It's quite a unique experience to be sure.Rating: 10/10"
76561197998968957,Not Recommended,286690,18522021,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Moon,"Personally I hate linear, story based FPS so I don't know why I bought it. I was working through my games library and gave it a shot. I found it boring and too light on the action. If I wanted to watch a movie then....I'd watch a movie. My pet hate is an inability to skip cinematics or NPC text so suffice to say it wasn't long before I hit the quit button. I'm sure it's a good game for those that like this sort of thing, But it's just not my cup of tea."
76561198120956624,Recommended,286690,24231400,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LoNDoN85,"Finally decided to get the Metro redux package in the summer sale after umming and arrhhhing the last couple of year......all i can say is what a game. Excellent story driven fps, the atmosphere is great and you feel a connection to some of the characters early on. Bonus is shooting Nazis...who wouldn't enjoy that.....just wish there were more Nazis to kill!!!10/10"
76561198108752112,Recommended,286690,24252823,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Shay Cormac,really fun game
,Recommended,286690,33573701,Posted: 15 July,all,{FsK}ForsaykenArtist,"If you like Russian accents, a challenge, and storylines only i recommend this game for anyone out there that loves games with a hard challenge to survive the Post-Apocalyptic 2033 Moscow Russia. Yes i do have only 6 hours and thats because this is a storyline game that i beat within just six hours."
,Recommended,286690,32237428,Posted: 7 June,all,Fratele Gunoi,"very good game,finished last light first and it was very good"
76561198125649250,Recommended,286690,32518477,Posted: 17 June,all,tattoome1ster,"I remember when i played this game years ago,i dont see difference between original and redux one.Enjoyed every second of this game,it has some sort of vibe.Story is nice,graphics is nice too,like everything for me in this game was nice."
,Recommended,286690,23150933,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Black Gay Feminazi,in creative apocolypse wise this game is great. i give it a 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,286690,19446071,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,octane,"The vertical sensitivity is much lower than horizontal. No in-game option, of course, impossible to fix as far as I know, tried an .ini tweak which didn't work.This is enough to make me hate this game, don't care about anything as long as the controls are garbage. It's a shame because this seems like the kind of game I'd enjoy, too bad."
,Recommended,286690,25502912,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AlliedZero,This game is gorgeous and terrifying. I love it!
,Recommended,286690,34943425,Posted: 13 September,all,Diffrent,"sasha, would you please... just... STFU!"
,Recommended,286690,34541091,Posted: 27 August,all,Lucius Dante,"there is just one reason you could be hate the game damn devs, give some tips please, at some of the missions, you are going to spend too much time to figure out how to clear the mission and throw lots of swear!! other than it's an awesome game with non-stop action and magnificent graphics"
,Not Recommended,286690,20310631,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,YungNecktie👌ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"If you want to play it for the story, buy it while it's on sale, or better yet find a copy of the books irl.If you want to play a fun single player FPS with horror elements, DO NOT buy this game. It is not fun, ""on the rails"" shooting games with limited supplies rarely are. Get ready to re-load the last checkpoint or restart levels, especially on higher difficulties."
76561198050020408,Recommended,286690,23757387,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Twain,"Good interesting story situated in post-apocalyptic russia. Monsters, ammo and radioactive air make the game interesting. A few nice thrills in the dark occasionally. Definately worth buying."
,Recommended,286690,25887268,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Medocine,"Metro 2033 / Metro Last light Review.The Universe :Metro 2033 takes place in the year 2033 in a world where a nuclear war has occurred.The only survivors now are living inside the giant metro of Moscou.Over time Metro’s stations transformed into citys with their own politics.In this metro there is 2 big factions the Reds and the Fascists their ideologies are basicaly the same as the one of the USSR and the Third Reich.And also dangerous mutant creatures are living outside and inside of the Metro.The story :You play as Artiom a young man who lived  peacefuly in the station of ВДНХ until the Dark ones appeared out of nowhere, their regular attack are threatening the survival of the station.A friend named Hunter gives you a mission before intering a tunnel to check it, in case he don’t come back after 24 hours you will need to contact Sparta a group composed of the best warriors of the Metro to help you and your station to get rid of those Dark ones.Hunter didn’t come back so you will need to get to Polis to get there it will not be easy of course, but you will see the rest by yourself.And I will not talk about the story of Metro Last Light because I don’t want to spoil you the ending of Metro 2033.Characters :Because I don’t want to spoil you the games’ characters I will not talk about each individually I will say in general.They all looks nice you can easely guess their personality only with the visual, they don’t do things that are out of theirs character and they are interesting not everyone but a lot of them.This is all.The Visual/Audio/Ambiance :The game’s graphics are realy good I am not talking about 11K textures resolution but the environment’s composition, god it’s gorgeous if you want to see some amazing post nuclear environments try this game.I love the musics this is just incredible the feelings of loneliness, sadness and hope that are given only by the main menu music...The overall sound design is magnificent it immerse you completely in the univers, the sounds of the wind outside, the ""cave"" sounds in the tunnels, just wow.So obviously I think that the ambiance is outstanding.Gameplay :The gameplay is realy good the fighting is realy satisfying in this game.The game have a lot of weapons and some nice customisation possibility.It’s interesting that when you are against humans (it’s more rare with monsters) you can do it stealthy and it’s fun to try even if sometimes it’s pretty hard.The game itself is in my opinion ""too easy"" even on the highest difficulty I din’t get much problem to finish those two games but it was still a lot of fun and the the fact that you can’t see your HUD  (Spartan mod) is an original and cool idea.Also you will need to be a little patient you will not fight humans every five seconds there is a lot of dialogue that you can’t skip, if get interested by the story it goes pretty fast and it’s enjoyable to listen but I can’t imagine how boring it is if you don’t get in.Other things :During every loading screens Artiom is explaining where he is going and why, it’s a realy good way to easely keep the track of the story and so be more easely immersed in the universe.Conclusion :The Metros' serie is a Master Piece the ambiance is amazing the story is good and the gameplay is just a lot of fun. If you want a shooter with an interesting post-apocalyptique story, play Metro 2033.Thanks for reading my review."
,Recommended,286690,27647244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✔,Not as good as STALKER but still very much enjoyable and atmospheric.
76561198044197731,Recommended,286690,35254185,Posted: 27 September,all,McKibbles,Метро - гей
76561198145350498,Recommended,286690,35263710,Posted: 28 September,all,☭Cλptλin℟ex☭,ok?
76561198107912832,Recommended,286690,14040571,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Delta,Awesome game great story nice weapons and lots of immersion a few bugs but nothing game breaking 9.5/10
76561198055506594,Recommended,286690,16281923,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hungry7,great atmosphere and gameplay.
76561198035176598,Recommended,286690,13988165,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Raham Sesser,I very much enjoy this game...except for the traps....♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,286690,22610247,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ThisThing,"This game truly is amazing and detailed.It heavily focused on putting the player into the right mood and make it feel as if you were actually there. It is based on a book, where they took all the most exciting parts and made it as scenematic as possible. Think of games that feels like a AAA movie and puts you right there as the main protagonist (Crysis 2-3). Nothing stays the same and the gameplay is constantly evolving and presenting you with new things. Every time there is a possibility to shock you, they've utilized it the best way possible. They pull this off without the boring ""Tap E 100 times to get through the cenematic"" and really gets you to feel scared and vulnerable to this extremely hostile environment.The environment is very very well done, with plenty of things to do each time you are in a safe area. The level layout is made so you kind of start in a safe and cosy Metro station, which is your home. You will really feel safe here and you will want to stay in the warm little cabin, instead of going out into the cold and hostile new Russia. You then proceed to venture out to dangerous and hostile places both inside the metro tunnels and up on the frozen and dead streets of Russia, to reach a nice and safe Metro station, only to venture on into the scary places again. This is somewhat how you will go on in this game, and each time you reach a Metro station you will feel the relieve of safety and almost cry of happiness. Each and every single level is massively thought trough and very detailed. There are numerous ways to complete each level, even with multiple ways of doing the same style (Stealth or Head-on action). There will be many inactive things, such as personal stuff, cups and cans bags and all that stuff, to give life to each room and level. Enemies or NPC will not only be there as a filler, but will actually be there for story-related reasons. There is a reason this guard is patrolling here, a reason this enemy is hiding here and so on. Almost every single human enemy will have very deep and lore-related dialogs that you can eavesdrop in on, or just ambush kill them before they finish talking. Most of the dialogs are taken from the original books and really gets your attention, as it is actually interesting to hear what they say. Then you can always kill them afterwards ^^The combat is IMO very good and just my taste. Some who wants more difficulty might not agree, as it is really easy to get headshots on humans. They almost always use headlamps... Yet no one can say the mutants are easy to kill, if so they lie. They are ruthless, strong and a fast way to die brutally. They take alot of shots to kill and deal insane damage, which makes you want to just cramble under a car and hide forever. When amongst the mutants you are constantly aware and have the finger on the trigger always, and when you hear them come running from deep down the metro tunnel.. You better get prepared.Just a sidenote - All the mutants are very detailed, and somehow 'realistic'. Take that lightly. I mean if you look at their corpses, inspect them and watch their behavior, then you can really see how they resemble animals very much. They look good and well designed, and I personally think they look very dang cool. Nothing too mutant or too fantasy tentacle laser beam hype here. No here you get very realistic and natural looking mutant animal beast (No stupid human zombies). They are hard to kill, but almost every one has their ways of living, like the ones that calls for help like the raptors from Jurassic Park III. So just try not to get spotted ^^I much more prefer the combat with humans, which I won't spoil the factions, but they fit in very well in this enviroment and reality. I see such parties rise realistic and sadly it probably would happen. Yet it is so much fun to sneak around throwing knives, shooting silent arrows or just doing melee takedowns to get through the level unseen. Or just pack the heaviest weapon and blast your way to the end.The leves are linear, which I love as open-world is often useless in the end. Yet it is as open-world as a linear game gets. The levels are big and has plenty of secrets stashes away everywhere. Most are of course useful loot, but sometimes you will come by this deep and impactful little secret, that makes you see things differently. That is of course only if you dare to explore in this scary and hostile world. I mean.. There are one level with 47 secrets... They are small and such, but hey...The story is absolutely amazing and drags you along. I never got bored and was kept suprised all the time, which is something I rarely do. I almost alway guess the big twist before the movie ends. This however kept me distracted and hook on all the lore and stories the inhabitants of the Metro stations had to tell. When you reach the safe stations, you really dont want to ever leave again, but... You have to. If you listen at what people say to you, especially the characters who is briefly with you (no they don't all die, they just don't follow all the way to the end. They have stuff to do themselves you know), they really have interesting stories and you really get to feel connected to them. Each person has so much character, that you easily know exactly who is who. You really get attached to them and your fingers are constantly crossed to see them survive.I could keep talking forever, so I'll try to make it short now. The game is really good, well made and IMO easily sits amongst the best games out there. There has been very few masterpieces such as this, and it is one of those games you'll remember longer than you own mom's name. It is really a game of it's own. It has some replay value, as you want to beat it at least 2-3 times to get all the lore, or achievements. Yet it is for sure a game you will return to in the future, just to experience this epic story.I easily give it 10/10I'll get the sequel and review that too, yet I've already completed it some times before. Yet I really got excited while playing this and almost couldn't wait to play the sequel again, yet I have to wait a few days to buy it ^^  This game is very much focused on the enviroment, humans surviving, the hostile mutants and the aftermath itself, where the sequel is more focused on action and amazing human conflict. Both games are equally good in their own ways and they are very much the same (same world, same stations and stuff), which is nice as you see how things has evolved.Well that's it. Now I have to wait until the 1st to get the sequel. If only get all achievements if I like the games and the achievements are fun and not stupid (Get all classes to lvl 99.... wut?). I did with this game, and surely will with the sequel, which shows how good these games are."
76561198021654366,Recommended,286690,16208715,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SamRothstein,"A very underrated FPS.  If you like a good interactive single player shooter, this game is for you.  Great graphics, unique story and challenging action make for a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,286690,24528213,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,286690,20221643,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,❌George Reaper❌,better than original...
76561198051907499,Recommended,286690,33159756,Posted: 2 July,all,BMW TheDarknezz Merchant,"First i was like ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ fuuuuck then it was pretty easy buut then ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ WHAT COULD THAT BE!? then i was sad for bad ending then tried Last Light but it was FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK ♥♥♥♥edi ♥♥♥♥ and then the freaking same reaction and the game also was like we dont know what it evolved from but we call them ""Shrimps"" Freaking ♥♥♥♥ing Shrimp look at it i would never freaking like to meet that and the Bear thingy freaking Screw Russia when Nuclear war starts they will get every single nope in the univers but i also got the ♥♥♥♥ing bad ending in that and now i want to get Metro Exodus but i dont want to♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime i go ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥But great game and great story 10/10 going for the new one"
,Recommended,286690,23198050,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cytokine Storm,feels like playing Fallout but takes place in Russia10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,286690,19407979,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[PornHub].Chinanumbawan.TitanGel,"What can I say, trully a fantastic story-rich horror-survival game. For those who are really into horror-fps-survival game, this is a must have.+GameplayGun mechanics2 Different play style:Survival (Stealth)Spartan (All-out)+Visuals+Sounds+Story+Ending(s)I rate it 9/10Can't wait to play Metro Last Light"
,Recommended,286690,19898640,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,【EVO】Russo Tomato,Wheres The Vodka And The Screaming♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?
,Recommended,286690,34206471,Posted: 12 August,all,HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES MY FRIEND,GREAT GAME LOVE IT!
,Recommended,286690,32583019,Posted: 19 June,all,luv_me_hate,"Amazing horror game, a must play for any fallout/S.T.A.L.K.E.R fansbtw, there are 3 endings"
76561198032591521,Recommended,286690,25453401,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Copperhead,"In 2013 the world was devastated by an apocalyptic event, annihilating almost all mankind and turning the Earth's surface into a poisonous wasteland. A handful of survivors took refuge in the depths of the Moscow underground, and human civilization entered a new Dark Age. The year is 2033."
76561198157190239,Recommended,286690,26464741,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Solohahn,geart work~~
76561198154760242,Not Recommended,286690,26102305,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,junli901230,i using macbook pro retina 2015 13 inch cantr play at all!!!please help!
76561198069186960,Recommended,286690,26279860,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,daddylikedat,Amazing game. Can't wait to play the next.
76561198062859385,Recommended,286690,11892403,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Hitman_Actual,x64 and beautiful!  faster smoother.as for metro last light redux. feels and looks like the exact same game.2033 redux worth it all the way!those giving bad reviews because your POS rig is a heap or you don't know how to configure drivers.....go back to consoles!!!
76561198331671001,Recommended,286690,28758202,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DwightMD,first off.... brilliant graphics... cool controls... fluid battles...BUT MOST IMPORTANTgas mask... and a russian accent... dude this game is LEGENDARY
,Recommended,286690,25614589,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Krod Mandoon,This wasn't what I expected when they said Fallout was gonna be set in Russia
76561198076004168,Recommended,286690,30240676,Posted: 28 February,all,d0vla,A great survival FPS with a phenomenal story!
,Recommended,286690,30338520,Posted: 5 March,all,DrunkMarksman,The game its self is amazing brings back alot of memories9/10Great game to pick up to start your libary
,Recommended,286690,30221514,Posted: 27 February,all,Śťýlě nvidiot,Good game
,Recommended,286690,30210763,Posted: 26 February,all,Lo-Gandi,Awesome! Dark but beautiful.
76561198281857752,Recommended,286690,30219520,Posted: 27 February,all,eric.augier1,Excellent!Very Nice graphics and moodsNice Story. I highly recommand it!
76561198001627572,Recommended,286690,30213152,Posted: 26 February,all,knil_link,A Must have game. One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,286690,20285905,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lev Slav,"Great game, I have the original and I definetely reccomend this as it is more polished, fixed bugs, and more content."
,Recommended,286690,27465932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,^ ^5👌Cocktus,"Really fun but really short it took me 5,6 hours to complete the whole story on the hardest difficulty for the first time but really good story :) ;("
,Recommended,286690,13363565,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,mavna,Thank you for porting Metro to Linux! My favourite games by far.
76561198071323152,Recommended,286690,20542099,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,good game
76561198088938358,Recommended,286690,24710059,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Swiggity Swooty,One of the best post-apocalyptic games ever made!
76561198258119729,Recommended,286690,19022407,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[TKW] Jackie Moon,"10/10For the price i bought this game which is under $5, the whole time i played i felt like i stole the game. ITS AMAZING. Good FPS with decent graphics. Gameplay is intense and close quarters, will make you jump at certain times. Even after the $5 special and the game returns to a price of $20, i would still advise you to purchase this game.Happy hunting,PS: Beware of Nazi's"
76561198178431841,Recommended,286690,33964937,Posted: 1 August,all,Crayons,"One of my favs. I love the Metro series a lot, super great"
,Recommended,286690,26427079,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DemonKing666,This game is absolutly terrifying. over they years i have only had afew games truly scare the crap out of me. this is now one of them. the graphics are gorgeous especially on an nvidia 1070 card. the game runs as smooth as butter. I would highly recommend this game
,Not Recommended,286690,35508102,Posted: 5 October,all,Unclekulikov,"I enjoyed the atmosphere and the worldbuilding.I hated the rest of it. The survival mechanics, the ammunition as currency / super bullets, the levels and the encounters were a chore."
76561198062639817,Not Recommended,286690,12393647,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Alftown,Seems like it would be a half decent game if it ran. After launching the game it crashes at the title menu; it only ran stable once. i7 4820k 8gb ram and gtx 770 2gb running on windows 8. Not woth the money if you can't play the game.
76561198026761149,Not Recommended,286690,15415060,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,j.c.mcgovern,"Sad to say this does not play on my 27"" 3.4 quad core i7 imac with 24 g ram & nvidia gtx 680mx 2048MB.It seems that I'm not the only dissatisfied MAC customer either.If you own a mac DO NOT buy this game."
,Not Recommended,286690,11964543,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Scarmax,"Less realistic lighting, softened and blurry textures, less realistic shaders, horrible re-recording of some character dialog, less impressive weapon sounds... ugh.  No.  Just plain NO.  In 25 years of PC gaming, Metro 2033 was one of my top 10 all-time favorites that I've played through 6 or 7 times, but this ""redux"" turns it into something I have no desire to play even once.  This is NOT an improvement, but rather a sad and embarrassing disappointment in nearly every way.  :(  For those interested in playing Metro 2033 for the first time, please, do yourself a favor and play the ORIGINAL Metro 2033 and stay AWAY from this ""redux"" garbage!"
76561198108282819,Not Recommended,286690,12467414,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,diggbie,Metro 2033 Redux Im haing problem's with this game as it won't play but when I got to play the game after 10minute's it would freeze then the screen goes blankIv tried many way's to get it to work but no joy    (the goes for Metro last light Redux)
76561198101870512,Not Recommended,286690,15405569,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,YerMomsHandler,so laggy I cant play on OS X....
,Not Recommended,286690,35244480,Posted: 27 September,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,Metro 2033 is a post apocalyptic action fps game based on a novel. Redux version  greatly polished. Graphics Looks so awesome. But I did not enjoy that much in this one. As a post apolcalyptic game this game's environment was great. But Gameplay was kinda boring to me sometimes or sometimes fun. I thought the beginning was mildly enjoyable but really progressed no where. I almost completed the game because I kept hoping something epic would happen and it never really did. So much dissapointed with this one.Btw i got the bundle with so cheap rate. Recommend it to buy on sale.Pros:1. Amazing Visuals.2. Great Weapons.3. A masterpiece post apocalyptic world.Cons:1. Boring Gameplay.2. Some Minor Bugs.7.5/10.
76561198135841791,Not Recommended,286690,13932802,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kizzy,do not buy this game because it is very glitchy. i bought it 1 hour ago and i wanted to see how many frames i have so i quit and then when i went back in to the game and it said it was missing a exacutable file i went to the steam support site and they gave false information.so u pretty much cant quit in this game
76561198009802871,Not Recommended,286690,12235839,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bender,Game wont work!!! got ripped off big time!
76561198060053890,Recommended,286690,11869321,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,IL Padrino,"OH HELL YEAH!!!!! BEEN WAITIN FOR THIS CLASSIC TO RE EMERGE, WORTH THE WAIT, WORTH THE MONEY! DO NOT MISS THIS GAME, IT IS ATMOSPHERIC, CHALLENGING AND WELL SCRIPTED. A MUST FOR MOST"
,Recommended,286690,11874817,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Just beat it for the second time.It looks a ♥♥♥♥load better than the original AND runs better and fixes a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥like wonky AI.The EndOriginal 8/10Redux 9/10Metro Series > Bioshock Series
76561197996131788,Not Recommended,286690,21335467,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,thorin,"Look. Its a good game and all. But it keeps crashing, and the sound keeps cutting and its not a good experience for me."
,Not Recommended,286690,13338078,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Macho,"Played for about 30 mins, game crashed. Haven't been able to get it to run since. Cannot recommend at this time, will update when appropriate."
76561198020431495,Not Recommended,286690,15686856,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,piotrev,impossible play on mac. too many bugs
,Not Recommended,286690,17359701,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mad Merv,"Voting no because this game gets too many good reviews!   It's buggy, like I got stuck buggy or like it crashed and froze buggy (usually around the ""herd"" outdoor fights), and on ""Normal"" its EASY PEASY CHICKEN GREASY unti you run out of ammo and the game offers you 0 hope of finding any.  I just turned on the reactor with 4 magnum bullets then the story ""fast forwards"" to some other point in time months perhaps years later.  Still got the 4 magnum bullets.  Totally different situation.  Take the flame thrower - I didn't I took the ""super"" shotgun and got only flamer ammo.  If you like FPS Russia-sounding guys, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.  One woman spoke during the whole game.HOW EASY IS IT?  It's so easy that I killed every human in the game without being shot once.  The animals are tough but its 2 grenades for a rad-gorilla and you're fine killing spider monsters with your knife.This game has the lamest enemy: glossy fleshball that goes splut attack.  It's also one of those games that conveniently locks doors and invisible walls stop you from jumping up on tables."
,Recommended,286690,33136573,Posted: 2 July,all,AveNgeЯ.,Just gimme the damn steam summer sticker
,Recommended,286690,32050013,Posted: 29 May,all,Grisu,"If it's hostile, you kill it."
76561198021628884,Not Recommended,286690,17009332,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mr d,extremely bad mac port. Don't buy when on a mac!
,Recommended,286690,33150261,Posted: 2 July,all,Adnan Oktar,good game
76561198010641631,Not Recommended,286690,17296301,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,(.)(.),PATCH THE GOD DAMN GAME!!!!!Constant crashesConstant Hardlocking the PC forcing a rebootConstant Driver Stopped Responding.Avoid. 4A have chosen not to address the crashing issues since the latest updates.
,Not Recommended,286690,20313451,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Metro 2033 is a great game that should definitely be played, but I'm not sure if this is the best way to do it. Metro 2033 Redux is an updated version of the original game to run on the engine of Last Light, and while some things have been improved, like lighting improvements and certain characters looking and sounding better (Artyom and the kid who leads you to Bourbon have new voice actors, to name a few), it's far from perfect. Some of the character changes are Half Life 2 Cinematic Mod levels of hideousness, like the new version of Nikki, the stripper who you can pay near the beginning of the game. Certain effects have also been removed, most notably the falling snow in the Tower area, leaving certain outdoor areas looking empty and flat compared to the original.The game lets you choose between Survival and Spartan modes, meant to be similar to the original game and Last Light respectively, but no matter which one you choose it still uses the Last Light stealth system, in which the old 3-phase darkness system has been turned into a 2-phase ""you're either invisible or a walking target"" system, where as long as your big blue light isn't on you can literally walk right in front of an enemy unspotted. Some people might think of this as an improvement over 2033's admittedly strict stealth system, but I thought the original's system was fitting in a game that was generally designed to be tough with a tense atmosphere, compared to Last Light's more shooter-ish approach. One thing I was worried about going in was the ranger hardcore functions, since in Last Light the lack of a journal meant that certain things like choosing your side weapon boiled down to fumbling around with the controls listening to the weapon change sound effects to be able to tell if you were choosing grenades or knives, and that has been fixed, but they didn't fix the fact that whenever you get into a QTE it won't tell you what button you're supposed to press, meaning if you're new to the game and aren't aware of where the QTEs are you can expect to die a lot due to not even being aware that you're supposed to be doing something in certain spots if you choose the more atmospheric difficulties.Overall, I just find it hard to justify recommending this particular version of the game to anyone. It feels like this was primarily made for the console gamers who never got a pretty looking version of 2033 the first time, but for those of us who can just go buy Metro 2033 on steam right now for less than the cost of this and still get a beautiful experience with what I consider an overall better design, it's fairly hard to convince myself that the visual differences are really worth it."
,Not Recommended,286690,24951827,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,§ÅⅰÑ†  萧 骏 杰 Chr¡s,This game runs in a very jerking manner and bright is always too bright and dark is too dark. Very little to explore and more negative contend than interaction. The developer are immoral and will thumb honest review don't to oppress us. I honestly prefer COD series than this series as the gameplay is more fluid.
,Not Recommended,286690,18523125,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Game becomes absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about half way through - you're waiting for NPCs the game doesn't tell you why you're doing anything, the plot disappears, the developers start to convince themselves they're good at designing puzzles. God knows why anyone would think I want to wait for NPCs to catch up - or why I'd give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know they're going to die - why wait for them? And check points? What is this? 1995? No. Develop a good game next time, you♥♥♥♥♥♥heads."
,Recommended,286690,11902004,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Fusou,Amazing game. just love the atmosphere8/10
,Not Recommended,286690,30113030,Posted: 22 February,all,Morte tha Talking Skull,"first, lets get this stright. I LOOOVVVVEEEEEE the metro series, but this version is a buggy unplayable mess. I want to enjoy this game SO BAD, but i cant. Why you ask? Here we go. *VERY MINOR SPOILER WARNING. reveals nothing of the story other than stuff you see in the first hour or so*Start a new game:Meet hunter in the first chapter after the prolouge. *freezes on cut scene rushing to the dead outpost, and cant exit causing me to restart my pc*make my way to the hand-car scene *crashes to desktop wall running to the station after you fall off**restart the game*get to the cursed tunnel with burbon - the Y button on my controller quits working when a horde of Nosalis attack and i cant change weapons. I had to re-start the chapter to get it to get it to start working again, the checkpoint wont do it. (im playing from my bed, i got up to try the keybord and the keys on the keyboard worked fine?)get back to the exact same spot where the horde of Nosalis attack *freezes again causing me to restart my pc*LOL what a piece of junk they turned one of my favorite games into. If i had just bought this, it would be my first refund, but its been in my library for a while. What a damn shame."
76561197978284522,Not Recommended,286690,13352091,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Haiyawatha,wont launch straight from dl dont buy
,Recommended,286690,18347271,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Psy0ch,The only thing thats missing i CHEEKI BREEKI... sadly not Stalker. Great Game!
76561197989197647,Not Recommended,286690,18950038,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bobfairmead,"I immediately hated this ""game"". I put ""game"" in inverted commas because for the longest time it was just a video I was only allowed to watch, and which I was given control of for just seconds, now and again.This unacceptably controlling 45 minute intro when I was allowed but about 10 minutes of control of my character was unforgiveable, and the worst I have ever encountered. It led me to anger and frustration. Further, it spoiled how I subsequently played the game when I was FINALLY (maybe) given control of my character. I was always waiting to have control taken away from me, and so I didn't try particularly hard to stay alive; I thought that the next death would just be part of the story - as every death had been so far... I die (not really), and I suffer yet another set video piece, and then I'm back in the game part of this video again - for a few more seconds, then it happens again, and again... Add this to the fact that the 60 seconds of splash screens is in-Esc-apeable, and you've got a very controlling game on your hands. Adding insult to injury was the pointlessness of most of these videos - sat at a table with comrades toasting how good you are? Very useful.I am playing it through because I paid for the thing, and not with any sense of pleasure. I don't trust it to leave me in control, and I'm constantly waiting for control to be taken from me again.It also has other annoyances.I was stuck in a railway carriage unable to get past cobwebs. After trying allsorts, I had to exit and go online for the answer. I didn't even know I had a lighter, never mind that it was needed to burn cobwebs. I was too busy shouting at the bloody game to give me control to notice what was being said at the very beginning. As this was the first encounter with cobwebs, surely past procedure should have been followed, by supplying an on-screen hint at that point. I'm not the only one to point this out.No, I'm not happy with this game. Good graphics is the very best I can say about it.All of which is why I'm maintaining a Not Recommended."
,Not Recommended,286690,23969813,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,deadfish,"Infelizmente o jogo não rodou no mac, tenho um macbook pro core i7 2.6ghz, 8gb  ram GeForce 650m 1gb"
,Not Recommended,286690,24549163,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zorrís,I wanted a lot to play this game on mac os x with nvidia geForce gtx970 but I couldn´t. :(Not saying it´s a bad game be cause it seens great but the support for mac is disappointing and it just shuts down when it starts.
76561198206736897,Not Recommended,286690,18866634,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Huckleberry Finn,"Good up until a point, which is about an hour to an hour and a half of playtime where it gets boring. I do not recommend paying twenty dollars for it."
76561198033444128,Not Recommended,286690,28731924,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Odin,Game Crashes after a few minutes of Gameplay...  SadWin 7-(64bit) CPU 4.0 ghz..  2 GTX 680s in SLI  8gb of system RAM...Can't recommend this title because it just keeps crashing.Anyone know a real fix for this?
76561198220611296,Not Recommended,286690,18537495,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BL3R,Crashes every time after intro looked online people had this problem 2 since 2014 so idk it sucks tho
76561198053988672,Recommended,286690,22903233,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Whip Me Grandma,crazy good
,Not Recommended,286690,19050057,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Lionarith,Not enough gas mask filters. Annoying. Makes the whole game a mess. It would be fun without the filters.
,Recommended,286690,25378079,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Paragon,"Found a guy stoned in a corner. Killed him, looted his corpse, and got stoned with his drugs.Got a good boy morality point.Russians/10."
76561198090477591,Not Recommended,286690,26096370,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Horny Papa69,"stupid game, ur wasting ur time running around most of the time and not knowing where to go or what to do, i got it 75% off but its still not worth it, a player shouldint have to ask youtube for help, it ruins the game experience, 2/10."
,Not Recommended,286690,17335634,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,TyrefiREEE aka Jody Highroller,"Great potential ruined by poor optimisation, game breaking glitches and crashes."
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,286690,17616318,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Kum Captain,Just like the other Metro game it's great tilol the end and then it gets really bad frame rate droppage and I have a $3000 computer so there's that.
76561198007647046,Not Recommended,286690,24428642,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,benni.berlin,"*spoilers*I read the book and it wasn't that good (pretty repetitive and at a certain point just plain bad) but the setting is interesting. This game is a stupid adaptation of a bad book.Didn't enjoy the game . The worst shooter I have played so far. Characters bland, the stations are a joke. And polis is a good example. The whole time you try to get there and when you are there after one small room it's: off you go !Then you are at the surface again (which by the way would be almost certain death in  the books)And the real threat the dark ones are nowhere to be seen. (I stopped in the library)Endless enemy hordes at severeal pointsAnd the ungodly savepoint system ! Playing some parts ten times was no fun at allThat is one of the first games I won't finish (Well maybe in the future...)I should have bought the 10€  version and not the 30€ bundle.And on a second thought I shouldn't have bought it anyway !"
76561197995374251,Recommended,286690,12494442,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,soldierbyname,"Worth the 25 bucks to play. very power hungry though. have my 8 core at 4.6ghz and 2  r9 280x, ssds and 8gb ram and only getting 30-50fps. but looks awesome, and game play is a little bit better then METRO Last light."
,Recommended,286690,12597913,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,westh,"An excellent improvement to the original game. It adds mechanics from Metro: Last Light and a little more. The pacing of the story seems to be a bit too fast and doesn't give characters the development they deserve, just like the original but it is still an interesting experience. And the best part is that the graphics look great even though the PC spec requirements are lower then the original game. I would recommend this game for those who want a better experience and for those who have/may have trouble running the original."
,Not Recommended,286690,34315189,Posted: 17 August,all,Deus Vult,filters
76561197988224333,Recommended,286690,34941773,Posted: 13 September,all,Pakevictor,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198167735285,Recommended,286690,25499038,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,J.,"Metro 2033 Redux game whose charmed hundreds of players around the world. I finish it a few minutes ago and I say that it's amazing what has created such an atmosphere does not create any control underground survival horror game it's incredible how it draws you into the storyline and you are just watching what's going on! Metro, of course, is to have some old crate that no one does not solve but the truth is somewhere else I bought this game for that reason it was Discounts and so I said that why not! And it's worked much less as impatient for the game which gave almost four times what I Vetma nicely done by a good game that I recommend to anyone who has not played it yet"
76561198074459464,Not Recommended,286690,13482354,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eric,Game runs so slowly that it's unplayable.
76561198093917881,Not Recommended,286690,16319602,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dr. Willy Wumbo,Horrible optimization on mac do not buy
,Not Recommended,286690,16344286,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wordy,Dont get me wrong this could be the best game ever but it and last light dont work opened it missing textures restarted computer now it doesnt even start tried untinstalling reinstalling and verifying game cache waste of money.
,Not Recommended,286690,16370028,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,1shawn15,This game is boring and just not fun to play at all.
,Not Recommended,286690,12631558,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,<|DSC|> FLASHEDnBANGED,so i'm new to this game and i got the redux but i'm so disappointed now because it's full of bugs. Aim is a bit off and i get killed through objects like I can be standing behind a car and the monster is still able to hit me.
,Not Recommended,286690,12707210,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sparrow,"The ranger modes have been rebalanced awfully, making combat with monster clunky and frustrating. E.g. nosalises not staggering when you shoot them, taking way too much damage before dying so simply stand there slapping you to death.Every time I've stopped playing this game it's been because of a ""♥♥♥♥ you game"" moment.On the positive side, the graphics are nicer and it runs about 20-30fps faster than the original too. No bonus point though as it still has no real graphic options."
,Not Recommended,286690,13410729,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ZakTheEvil,"I don't know what people like about this game. I tried to like it but I can't. I played the original, now I got the redux hoping for an improvement but it's still a frustrating and boring game. You get constantly ambushed and killed by monsters and when you finally make it through the area after 5-7 tries, the game crashes. Yes, it's boring, nothing happens here. The story is dumb. Is it really based on best selling novel or is that just a hyperbole? Occasional gunfights with human oponents are fun. Other than that it's just a stream of monster ambushes and long and boring custcenes.Weapons are boring.Boooring!"
,Not Recommended,286690,14920108,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,badnesso,Sooo many cut scenes...i must....i muusssst...stayyy awa....darknessss is co....ZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
76561198054541594,Not Recommended,286690,16317704,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,gulper,This game is UNPLAYABLE on any MAC system.  Do not buy if youy want to play on an Imac or related apple product.
76561197996599072,Not Recommended,286690,16384622,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pteppic,"This game is bad on awhole new levell. Not because of bugs or anything, just because its horribly boring.The redux version does not change this. This is as boring as the original.This may be an ""atmospheric first person survival shooter"", but that doesn't compensate for the fact, that ""suriving"" solely depends on you ability to live long enough for you to reload you gun. 90% of every firefight in this game you wait for you character to reload his gun.If you are not in a fight you waddle from one (pretty much) interactive cutscene to the next room just to have your nextreloadfight.If you fight does not consist of constant reloading it feels like a badly timed quicktime-event. You wait for enemies coming at regular intervals from up to three directions andreloadshoot at them. And like every quicktime-event: if your timing is not perfect you die and can do the wholereloadfight again.If you are looking for a fun action/suvival fps this is NOT it."
,Not Recommended,286690,12975626,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fletchmustdie,"I have to painfully admit defeat.  Metro 2033 Redux, is a visually impressive, story rich FPS that faulters on the technical side.  A look into the forums show the problems that this game has had since it launched and there doesn't seem to be any relief from the developers in the future.  Sadly, for my part the game becomes unplayable.  I get Framerate stutters every so often regardless of what settings I am using (low, High, PhysX off or on and so on).  For reference I have a i5 2500k running @4.4 ghz, a GTX 780ti, 8 gig of ram, window 8.1 64 bit and so on.  I can be running at 100 to 120 fps then all of a sudden drop to the 30 then it goes back again.  This happens constantly, and it is enough of a distraction that, for me, takes away the fun of playing the game.  I have looked around for workarounds and most of these work arounds do not work for me.  Even if they did, I shouldn't have to mess around in a Bios, or do anything that extreme to get one game to work correctly.  If you sense frustration, it is because I want to enjoy the game.  Between stutters, I did enjoy it, but it happens to often to ignore.  Perhaps in the future there will be a fix in the game and it will be playable.  But for me, at this time, I have a hard time recommending it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,286690,15816581,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Gnar Gnarsson,This game is currently 100% unplayable on Macbook Pro with dedicated 650M graphics. Totally bummed. Please refund.
,Not Recommended,286690,16516978,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,foshe,لعبه زق
,Not Recommended,286690,13511869,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lun4tic,"It says there's nudity, but there isn't.It's also just and all-around boring, corridor shooter so laden with bugs it'll take twice as long to complete the game than it should."
76561198031157051,Not Recommended,286690,16331172,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nervocalm,"Nothing has changed... Get stuck in a tunnel because de NPC that supouse to lower the bridge stand there doing nothing. Loading the previous checkpoint, same story. Exiting de game and continuing, same story. If you are very curious to know what this Redux version is about (like I was), get it BUT pay no more that $5. Not worth more than that..."
76561197970530053,Not Recommended,286690,16396718,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,buttonmush,"Blimey, this is a boring game. played as far as reaching the snowy surface and all I can think is sooo overated."
76561198131051048,Not Recommended,286690,16504975,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kaosfisk,"This games story is the same as the book.So if you have read the book, its no fun at all."
76561198101652734,Recommended,286690,22810312,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
76561198031638763,Recommended,286690,22823190,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sir Walross,There is nothing similar to this!
,Recommended,286690,16357724,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Sherbmeister,NO BAD!
,Recommended,286690,28940333,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,First Metro game I played and I really enjoyed it.10/10
76561198116228435,Recommended,286690,11907268,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Hägstéržx,Good
76561198142838981,Not Recommended,286690,23940056,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Maroon Monsoon,"I got this game for something like $2.50 in the redux bundle.I wanted to like this game so very badly but in the end, low production value and poor design just killed it for me. This game is almost exclusively a corridor shooter. That's not entirely unexpected seeing as this game is supposed to take place almost 100% in tunnels except this remains even when you go above ground on occasion. Now, I could forgive that if it were at least fun but as I said before, production value is low. Movement is slower than every game I've ever played except one, Front lines: Fuel of war, and gunplay is clumsy at best.What prompted me to come here and write a bad review is a section in which you have to clear a nazi surface outpost. The outpost itself is so absolutely impossible to navigate that I could not take the game anymore. I don't mean that it's complex or that the enemies are tough, I just mean that there are jagged edges on the floor that kept catching my character and keeping me from moving. This happens nonstop in the more urban, non tunnel areas.Besides this, there is also the problem that every weapon in this game fires nerf darts on a good day. Enemies and and yourself alike can eat entire magazines from the game's more powerful weapons, which again I would forgive if the game's lackluster weapon upgrade system allowed for damage buffs but of course, no it does not.There is also the utterly useless inclusion of a stealth system to complain about. This game's level design does not allow for flanking or stealthy routes generally speaking. This means that you WILL have to gun down most of your enemies in a head-on fight, even when you start in stealth. Maybe you'll get an enemy or two without alerting the rest, but that's basically all you're going to get.Overall, FPS games have been doing better than this game for longer than most of the people reading this review have been alive and your money would be much better spent on nearly any other FPS."
,Recommended,286690,29817064,Posted: 9 February,all,Count Squilliam Spookyson,If Hillary won the Election.
76561197992782062,Recommended,286690,12604512,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ill-Omen,"I was a huge fan of both 2033 and LL before. The gritty apocolyptic atmosphere brought underground to the metro was such an amazing place to explore. 2033 had a few downfalls but the overall graphics and gameplay more than made up for anything that lacked. Now in Redux, 2033 feels like a entirely new game! The stealth is enhanced, the levels are redone, and the graphics look spectacular! I was happily surprised even on the first mission where as before you could not explore your own neighborhood, but now instead of taking the path you did before you get the chance to explore the Metro even deeper. And those annoying trolly missions are changed up ever so slightly, where as I didn't even mind it this time. Before this game was in my all time favourites list, but Redux put it even higher up on a pedestal for me. I would recommend this game to anybody that loves great graphics, intense FPS action with a healthy dose of stealth thrown in, with a feel of survival horror as well.  Can't wait to play LL Redux."
,Recommended,286690,13383042,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,GayLord Nito (Trading),I like it
76561198093342532,Not Recommended,286690,21109389,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Israfeel,"Theres something off about this gane, everything works but you cant put your finger on it."
76561197991682489,Not Recommended,286690,16581420,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Schnabeltier,doesn't run on Mac OS X.
76561197971590444,Not Recommended,286690,17917460,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,andrea4381,"Game full of bug, unplayabable."
76561198123729789,Not Recommended,286690,20352004,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jip Poar neem'n,i rate this 5/7
76561198279500660,Recommended,286690,21710323,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,FACherry,"Pros:-solid gameplay-incredibly atmospheric lighting-great gun feel-smart AI-neat mechanics-scary in the dark-incredible graphicsCons:-still buggy-repeated soundtrack (that one song that repeats over and over, 2033 vets know which one I am talking about...)-mediocre story (not the most engaging)Metro 2033 is probably one of the most suprising games I have played recently.  This is one adventure that should be taken by all.  The graphics are shockingly good when played on a decent pc.  The atmosphere of post apocalyptic Moscow and its surrounding ruins is incredibly well done.  In fact, this is probably the second most atmospheric game I have ever played (first being Metroid Prime).  The sound design is also fantastic with the beasts sounding menacing and the dark tunnels sounding empty.  The lighting is also extremely impressive and really adds a lot to the atmosphere of the game.  I will say that gameplay wise, Metro 2033 is probably my favorite fps game gameplay wise of all time.  The shooting is extremely satisfying, weapons behave like they should.  There is decent customization to weapons and there are also many additional side mechanics such as pumping pneumatic weapons and charging capacitors for your torch.  However a few problems I had with the game was that it was definitely a bit buggy at times.  The AI can be buggy and there is clipping at times.  For one mission, enemies that were supposed to spawn failed to do so and therefore I had to restart the whole mission.  These issues should have been smoothed out as this is the redux version of the game.  I can only guess on how buggy the original game was...  Another issue I had with the game was that it had a rather limited soundtrack.  There was this one song that just kept being repeated over and over whenever you encountered portable radios in the settlements beneath Moscow.  The final issue I had with the game was that the narrative was simply not deep nor intresting enough to make me really care for the story.  I stuck around for the incredible atmosphere and the tight gameplay.  Metro 2033 Redux is about 12 hours in length and the game is very linear in structure (good amount of side paths to discover) and lacks any form of replay value.  However, it is such an incredible gameplay experience that I have to highly recommend this title to any fans of ""real"" gaming.  Go out and get the Redux bundle with Metro Last Light Redux today.  Rating: 8.3/10"
,Recommended,286690,18542091,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sir Skeeter the Peter Beater,Mmmhmmm
,Not Recommended,286690,29413715,Posted: 21 January,all,GreenKnife,It is a brilliant game with brilliant graphics but it is a cry of bugs
76561198273245288,Not Recommended,286690,22994205,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Charname,"I bought this game becasue my friend recommended it. But after finish it I regreted the decision. I have no good feeling instead of 'It's finally over'.This game have a lot of frustrating and boring features:Very hard to navigation, plus wandering deadly monsters, casue a lot of reloading just to find the way;Several mystery death until you check walkthrough to findout why;Ridiculous slow walking speed in the station;Boring weapons, nothing unique at all and no big different bwtween them;Boring fights, almost all monsters have the same attack pattern-fast moving towards you and melee, only different is the looking and number;No boss fight, seriously? Is there any other game has no boss fight? Make this game even more boring.Even in the not so bad aspect, its not as good as similar games like Dead Space or F.E.A.R.. Background and plot is kind of OK, but not great. If I can choose again, I would play the other games again instead of buying this one."
,Recommended,286690,29253847,Posted: 14 January,all,Beano Neutrino,I love Uncle Bourbon
76561198001931970,Not Recommended,286690,18547656,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mike Ginger,"This game is russian, even tough they speak english with a very bad accent, wich make it very hard to comprehend, everything is written in Cyrrilic so if they tell you to go somewhere in english how are you supposed to find the place if you cannot read anything, also the story is very bad, you are trown into the action and asked to do stuff and have no clue of what is appening, the interface is very poor or maybe is its just because they do things different ? Anyway i hated it. I was very happy though to see my first russian game, i hope they can correct those flaws and try again i am sure they have potencials, finally the graphics and the art where decent, but not beautiful but that game is not about beauty anyway.If you are going to indicated everything in cyrrilic, find a way to make yourself understood so that the game dont get confusing, i like the cultural trip but i still need to know what is happening to enjoy it. Thank you.Because of those flaws do not recomment for the European/American market."
,Recommended,286690,22786258,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,foghornal bandanage,Turned a Good game into a great game.
76561198071302247,Recommended,286690,18514966,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kissman,BEST GAME EVER 10/10 BEFORE PLAYING DRINK 1 RED BULL OR MORE FOR FULL EFFECT :D XDXDDD SMOKE WEED EVRYDAY!!!
,Not Recommended,286690,32487422,Posted: 16 June,all,NuBQuint,"Metro 2033 is a rail shooter with very little polished gameplay. It has nice atmosphere with some visible work put into the story, it has good voice acting, it even has fairly nice graphics. But overall I have to say the gameplay breaks all immersion that I would otherwise be diving into. The mechanics of gameplay are very poorly, VERY poorly explained. That lighter is a one time show at the begining that the game never informs you to take out (not even a clear script dialogue from your companion) at a crucial moment or you can't continue playing. Bombs, knives, and ammo type are never explained. They could have placed a dang epilogue or cutscene that explains to young Artyom the types of weapons so he doen't shoot himself in the face the first time he picks up the ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun"". The controls menu is also no help as I had to go online just to properly understand that ""v"" is a crummy melee and ""c"" uses the item selected when pressing tab. Stealth is also poorly implemented and practiced by your first companion shoving you into a situation. Then the game happily throws armoured soldiers without any introduction or explanation on how it works. These are vital gameplay components that are never explained!Next are the wacky zany animations that make hitting something your aiming at nearly impossible: Monsters glitching through the air and moving like doom guy with wallhack on, soldiers doing some sick break dancing while shooting over their shoulder. These things ruin something that was suposted to be gameplay. And this is sold as a game."
76561198233551188,Not Recommended,286690,29985655,Posted: 17 February,all,Shuktuki,the game was fine and i was enjoying it right up to where i had one more courtyard to clear and the guy i am suposed to follow just stands there.....i would love to give a better review but as i cant get any further in the game this is it.
76561198251917208,Recommended,286690,26047809,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DeadMeme,gr8 game m8 8/8
,Recommended,286690,13724633,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hu$tl3r,Great FPS - story driven and with a cool atmosphere !
76561198204402659,Recommended,286690,22899372,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VAKA,a little short but fantastic game
76561198085391841,Recommended,286690,15651782,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Grossout,"Tried to anjoy this game but it was impossible for me. I Hate the checkpoint save system. I just had to start an annoying fight all over again because I just had no idea what was going on and so I dieded. This time my tactic was to press alt and f4-keys simultaneously. ♥♥♥♥ing railroad shooter games. Give my back my goddamn money!!EDIT: Now after many chances I gave this game I finally managed to get in to it. And it KICKED♥♥♥♥♥ Weapons start to feel way more powerfull when you proceed, and the lore is goddamn interesting! Places are interesting and creepy. Enemy variety is quite good. Even though I REALLY dislike corridor shooter games, this didn't feel so linear (even though it really was). Atmosphere was awesome. Even the crappy voice acting didn't bother when I got excited of this game.Also the Checkpoint system wasn't that bad, there were checkpoints often enough that I had no problems with it. Still I'd prefer quicksaves.Only complaint I still have left is that there isn't much info on the screen, like health bar and for some reason the ammunition bar also dissappears after while.Also little complaint would be that when you are fighting in groups, sometimes there is no reason for you to waste bullets since you don't get any reward from killing the what the ♥♥♥♥ ever the mutants are.I am really glad I gave this game 10th chance. I definately am going to get my hands on the books also"
76561198190133382,Not Recommended,286690,32465122,Posted: 15 June,all,enemyminee69,"Bought the bundle and played couple nights ago for about 3-4 hours all fine got maybe 20% of the game done, got off went to bed woke up and off to work. Was so excited to get home and play but it did work kept crashing! So tried over and over and kept crashing! Now usually because I play on a laptop I run the graphics alittle low so performence is better in the games I play, some games I cant play because I lag to much, but most I can play. This is working fine then bam stopped, looked online to see how to fix it and everyone I saw didnt work or I am missing something here, or perhaps I need a better computer for this oh so great game. Or its the game itself. I don't recommend this game for the headache it gave me, although it is a good game, time to see if last light gives me a headache too."
76561197985935433,Not Recommended,286690,21312207,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FTP,"I don't understand anything that is happening in this game.  The moment you change from the default control scheme, the game has no idea how to explain anything to you.  For example, it randomly says to press ""LMB"" to recharge the battery (whatever that means), but it just shoots all your bullets....  no WONDER this game has been skipped by so many people.  These people people don't know how to make a video game yet."
76561197989758447,Not Recommended,286690,24554047,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Barcheil,"Whilst Metro Last Light was interesting and different, Metro way overdid the set scenes and they just became really annoying and lame. Again and again and again ad nauseum, the same stupid set up scenrio and the same stupid monster overload and your ultimately stupid character making the same stupid mistake over and over and over and over, how many times do I need to write and over again. Apparently way too many times to give the game any replability factor, in fact I am so sick of the same crap over and over again, I am writing this review as a break from doing that same crap over and over again.Killed the game with really lazy set scenes. Quickly tap E has become engraved upon my brain and the only thing that makes that fun is imaginging it activates a hammer that hits the coders on the back of the head for the same lame set piece scenario."
,Not Recommended,286690,20340093,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,johntheissen32,skip to the last light
,Recommended,286690,15442835,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Commie Face Puncher™,I <3 this game
,Recommended,286690,33166428,Posted: 2 July,all,Glo0m_464,pretty queer
,Recommended,286690,31252068,Posted: 20 April,all,◭ MERCY 自殺± ◭,"Ever wanted to get skull f***ed because your favorite gun ran out of ammo,or you just so happen to run out of filters at THE WORST TIME.Then this game is for you! with riveting gameplay and tense sneak sections.This game will go down as a memorable journey in anyones mind."
,Recommended,286690,17044810,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Rokk,"Issues with mouse input and the player dying in cutscenes leaves this game with its fair share of problems.If you can get over the strange X/Y mouse sensitivity, by all means, buy this game. It's a very good and amazingly well-paced game, but I cannot quite get over the controls."
,Recommended,286690,22785006,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,10/10like stalker but with less cheeki breeki
76561198094281335,Not Recommended,286690,21241285,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Nedge,"It's not good, it's not bad. It's not average... it's just, just sort of here. It plays alright, it looks alright and story wise it's alright but overall it just feels so... so why? It's main question is ""Why did i load this again?"" or ""Did i buy this or did i get it free? I really should be better with my money...""Skip this and go to number two, it has boobs."
76561198329210043,Recommended,286690,31479727,Posted: 30 April,all,Soap,"Interesting game themes, and good sound."
,Recommended,286690,18140106,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"Metro 2033 is my favorite FPS, and this remake adds a new spin to it. Definitley worth it, if only to see the game from a different perspective."
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,286690,33718689,Posted: 22 July,all,Ryvucz,"The friendly AI is as useful as a dead cow. They can't hit anything, but have infinite ammo and mask filters, while giving you the shaft.If you can avoid being anywhere near the friendly AI, the game is more enjoyable."
76561198004407950,Not Recommended,286690,16727394,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Akosce,"There are so many little bugs and annoyances that I can't recommend this game. Nightvision bugs (locking you into NV for an entire cutscene, or through an entire combat-free zone or train-car level), random locks-ups, and audio bugs if you're trying to play it 5.1, 7.1, or Headphone configurations. I'm sure if looked into one could find another handful of bugs.As of writing this review I'm struggling to finish the game as the nightvision bug keeps coming up and it makes me want to vomit.Edit (Encountered 30 minutes after the original review): Other bugs and annoyances: The ability to skip ahead of the game and launch 'early' gauntlet waves causing you to go through two or three waves as the NPCs catch up to the trigger point. Nasty on the ammo. Multiple 'active cutscenes' where you would reasonably assume you're in combat, but your bullets are ineffective regardless of the hit markers --another drain on ammo. As I read other reviews I see this does not get better from where I am at in the story. I may give up on this game.Think I can safely say that I hate this game. Not even a mild dislike. I've grown to hate the damnable thing.Edit: I really did try to finish this game, but after another 10 minutes of nightvision cutscenes (one finally long enough to fully drain my battery and toggle the NV off), and four hardcrashes I'm done. Will watch the last 20 minutes in a playthrough and move onto the sequel. This has been a horrible experience."
76561198043161293,Recommended,286690,22945575,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198076603075,Recommended,286690,31637096,Posted: 8 May,all,Mcghee Foulmouth,"The story of this game goes like this you are a Greek super soldier named Artyom, Artyom arrives in the  modern day Russian metro and finds that it is a bigger ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than Artyom's  home country Greece which is  surprising to you. You then fight your way through the metro of Russia which is infested by commies, nazis and the monstrous Chinese. When you are in the city of Moscow the Chinese are constantly hunting you and with them comes radiation and toxic smog from Nantong. which means you are forced to wear a gas mask on the surface just like the Chinese .all of these factions have for some reason set their slums up inside  the Russian  metro which to Artyom doesn't seem very practical. You eventually meet up with the Greek secret agent organisation. the Spartans. Together you fight librarians  more Chinese,commies and Nazis until you infiltrate the Russian military base D6 where you launch all of the Russian nukes into the Russian American base then after destroying all of the USA and making the world into a constant nuclear winter killing billions of people .you regret your actions and jump of the tv tower. You wake up and that is the start of the next game."
,Not Recommended,286690,33654683,Posted: 19 July,all,Bozzl,"i just want to start by saying, i love Metro2033, love it love it. but the redux sucks man! the game flows almost exactly like last light now (which is lame, the gameplay and tone changes in that game were awful). in the original cut, ammo was far more scarse, and picking up objects off a body (i.e. heals, ammo, gasmask) had to be done individually. so the chance of missing something was always possible, and depending on the area, it was super tense to have to weed through things not knowing what was coming for you. The fact you can now only hold 2 weapons im also not a fan of. it was nice having my pistol preped for a situation, an AK for when its needed, and an air rifle to hit people from a distance quietly. now its just ""out of ammo? ♥♥♥♥ it whats this dead♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ got for me to take till i run out of ammo for."" which would be fine and great for atmosphere....but that all goes out the window when they try to sell you upgrades for a weapon in the stations. and most certainly my least favorite change of all was to the gas masks! in the original when you found a filter, it was all chance, some were good some were♥♥♥♥♥♥ ya know life, and box of chocolates and♥♥♥♥♥♥ so sometimes you would be about ready to change a filter and ""oh no this one only has 2 min on it, hope the other one i have does not suck"". now in the redux(another change that started from last lights ♥♥♥♥♥♥ness) Artyom just kinda.....idk shoves a new one into its old one till they fuse like Goten and Trunks or something, giving a time increase to your overall timer back to its full level. its just not very....survival-y. get the old version, yea its not as well optomised, but i am quite sure you will enjoy it more.one last small rant and im done, this is about the game and the redux....bruh, did you fools read the book? i came up with multiple ways this story (in game form) could have been so much more engrossing. the game misses a very important motiff in it, Ideology. there are so many wacky factions in the book, and were stuck with just commies and nazis? dont get me wrong, i enjoyed those parts of the game very much, but how about when Artyom is about to get shot by nazis, instead of having 3 ""spartan"" hunters, who were totally forgetable (i dare you to name one), and off screen again moments later. why not have the Trotskyist guys come save him from the nazis (you know like in the book), they were funny, and diverse. they gave Artyom some words to mull over then they were gone, you could have replaced the models and dialouge there and have it be so much better. meeting up with the spartan later would have had no concequenses on that scene. not one religious nut bags be seen either which would hae been nice to see. and oh man the savages were like my favorite part, now i understand it would be hard to sell a game that has a scene, where you blow away a hallway full of half naked children while they rush you....but i would have loved to have seen it all the same.final thought....The Great Worm disapproves of this remake"
76561198083255528,Recommended,286690,29532285,Posted: 27 January,all,Sheik,"for a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me,scary games are my worst nightmare.apparently,i lasted through this with only ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants twice.For all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out there,get this!"
76561198064948093,Recommended,286690,11932799,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,the-unhappy-machine-boy,First person simulator of modern life in Russia 10/10
76561198047916467,Not Recommended,286690,32267369,Posted: 8 June,all,bladerunner,At the end of the day it's a dull corridor shooter with pretty poor enemy AI that feels very console'ish. The atmosphere is pretty well done though.
,Not Recommended,286690,28345541,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,themetalgeek,"Didn't like the arcade-like action. Everything is streamilined, cutscenes are long and sometimes all the levels consist in is walking from the last cutscene to the tunnel the triggers the next one. Combat is not easy, yet I think it could have been different. Endless reload animations and the funny aiming system are realistic - I guess - but nevertheless frustrating if you are trying to be proficient in combat.I think reviews should not be a thumbs up or down sort of thing. Expectations played a huge role in this. This was oversold to me and the reccomendation is with regards to the expectation that I had towards the game. In fact the game is not BAD. It just lacks the elements that I *expexted* from a game that has been called great too many times."
,Recommended,286690,17346325,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Niichts,"Some people call these demons, i call them beaches.Watch how uncle bourbon works-Bourbon ????-2033You were good son real good, maybe even the best, rest in shroom vodka my friend.10/10 best russian simulator."
76561198112292823,Not Recommended,286690,31009407,Posted: 7 April,all,roflcat,Amazed by the graphics but it's poorly optimized on other aspects.6/10
,Recommended,286690,16973630,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,johndope,Quite refreshing as far as first person shooters go.
,Not Recommended,286690,19902211,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RED-FROG,"Atmosphere is entirely destroyed in this ""upgraded"" version of Metro2033. Gameplay wise it might work a little better but the original had this special feel... more about survival.The ""improved"" graphics isn't an improvement at all. Check the youtube videos.Some textures might have a sharper resolution but that doesn't actually make them look bettet when the texture artist actually sucks. That's amateurs work as seen in average game mods at best.Better get the original game. This one here was a big waste of money and I'm actually upset that I bought it. I was thinking an improved feel of Metro might catch me but it wasn't fun at all."
,Recommended,286690,22683018,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"fantastic game. I never played the original metro 2033, but the redux copy is great! Beautifully designed game with fantastic soundtrack. Treat it like a survival horror and you wont run out of ammo.Overall game is about 9.5-10 hours to complete. Worth it!"
76561198201704358,Recommended,286690,23957510,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arcnaervon,no you dont just play this game. you feel this one.
,Not Recommended,286690,33473913,Posted: 12 July,all,Fetuszilla,"I have to say, this game has some positives. The game has a very well done artstyle and a good lighting to boot. The story was also not completley bad for a video game as far as I have played, but these things didnt help me in the end. The gameplay is mediocre, it's shooting is done fine enough but doesnt stand out and the intresting mechanic of using ammo as currency gets completley shafted when you realize there isnt much to buy at said stores. Along with that youll find yourself most of the time fighting AI monster/people who are not very intresting combat wise, they are very perdictable and dont do anything standout. The voice acting is also very strange and stiff. Along with that I have had a number of bugs, glitches, and soft locks that made me restart chapters of the game. While I beat it's sequal, Last Light, this somehow gripped me less and made me give up half way through the game. On that note I would reccomend if you are a fan of Bioshock or other games where you are constantly scavenging for ammo(Not a negative) and are put in tight scenarios , or if you happen to enjoy the graphics and want to put your pc to the test, but for me it was very mediocre and a 5/10."
76561198148567740,Recommended,286690,18464710,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Moira Brown,This game is not very bad at all
,Recommended,286690,34342807,Posted: 18 August,all,Pepe the Platypus,"""If it's hostile.... you kill it."""
76561198126788098,Recommended,286690,18312617,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CrAzyA†,"""Some people call them Demons. I call them b*******!"" - Bourbon. It's all I want to say."
76561198039476851,Recommended,286690,18300868,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,...
,Recommended,286690,29257804,Posted: 14 January,all,csoffer.me,Way worse than Last Light - no sex scenes included
,Recommended,286690,29232656,Posted: 13 January,all,PeePeeMan,Cheeki Breeki but in the Moscow metro10/10 Slavs
76561198108652444,Recommended,286690,17639167,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Crimsonfox121,"I just finished the game so I could have a fresh mind for this review, Metro 2033 is one of those games that not only made me feel like a strange dread while playing it, the monsters, the environment, and the atmosphere were so forboding it was near breath taking if not horrifying at parts. I honestly think this might be one of my new favorite shooters or atleast in my top 5. The whole fact that they got survival, horror, shooter and stealth done CORRECTLY is more than i can say for the majority of games on steam now aday. I love it and would recomend it to anyone looking for a good time and a thrill. This is the first game in almost a year to just leave me wanting MORE. 10/10"
76561198169051242,Recommended,286690,32361702,Posted: 12 June,all,Virtuoso v2.0,Most immersive game I have ever played !
,Not Recommended,286690,19117653,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,S. Bomber,"Метро Редукс - это когда в первой же миссии мотришь под ноги и видишь битую тень Артёма. O6occанные радужные блики, блевотная ныкст-гэн графика, тотальная потеря атмосферы и многое другое ждёт вас в...как это можно назвать? Наверное ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о, больше никак."
76561198051865716,Recommended,286690,21031252,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zahav,"Best level design I seen in games, espicially the Moscow sufrace. Good story based on book I yet to read. Also a game where you can kill nazis and communists as equally bad is a game worth of gold."
76561198091803222,Recommended,286690,27332802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CaptainPantan,Spooky
,Recommended,286690,31832168,Posted: 18 May,all,purple Juice man,big poops to the man in the sky above the lor
,Recommended,286690,19354673,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SoeySosz,artyoooommm ... cykaaaa..
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,286690,27817935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,7thsojurn,"DON'T BUY THIS BROKEN GAME OR ALL YOU WILL GET IS ANGER:The poor idea of filters that go bad 3 to 4 times in a mission or more was the down fall of this game design.I did like this game  but even on normal it is very heard at spots but after a few trys you seem to understand that moving a lot and dodging a lot help over come large numbers of creatures.. The game has a few issue that i didn't like i had gotten to this one point with bourden at all people where dead in this close area but i looked it up and found the answer in the discusion right away and got past that point but after i got to the last area out side a huge number of creature come that was ok but remember this get all the filters you can buy more important then bullets in the 2nd village behind big iron door  before you go back out or you die over and over of poision and the reload in a differn't spot is bugged out or will not load any spot but at auto save, so your screwed and have to start the game over.  I did and yes this S@ck so far i got even a lot further then this and got a lot of good items, BUT Over and over i die of no filters this time i didnt' even see any place to buy any, i  found one it was given free now this game is poor do to replay... The Fing relaod won't even let you fix a mistake it just closes when you try to reload at the base to see if you can find filters and now for the 3rd time i have to replay the hole game to recover a mistake do to poor load and saves.  WARNING DON'T BUY THIS BROKEN GAME EVER OR YOU WILL HAVE NOTHING BUT ANGER..  The post to these reviews are not posted do to they don't like honesty and truth to bad, a company of poor standerds..."
76561198152708655,Recommended,286690,32464163,Posted: 15 June,all,Jinkies Gang,Great Fallout Fanfic would play again but there is reds and I am a true americain hero 0 tours in NAMFREEDOM AINT FREE
,Recommended,286690,33119998,Posted: 2 July,all,RoXoR,Great game. Roaming outside is genuinly scare. and yes. ♥♥♥♥ the librarians.
,Recommended,286690,21432944,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
,Recommended,286690,20733836,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Croatian Commando,"Just like real life, the citizen of Moscow must once again fight their way through demons and Nazis in order to stop telepathic Bill Cosby's.Suka ♥♥♥♥♥/10"
,Recommended,286690,30325224,Posted: 4 March,all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,A game based on a book. It's great
,Recommended,286690,18676133,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Half life 3,"Good but confusingStory , Hard , fun and scary game.Not so memorable soundtrack , but very memorable characters.8.5/10 definitely worth it."
,Recommended,286690,28060729,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Death_Squad,"I really enjoyed the story and game. Campaign took me 10 hours to complete.I often had no bullets towards the end of it, the terror was real. XD"
76561198124394677,Recommended,286690,15603289,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Donald Trump,Badass Approved.
76561198002161454,Not Recommended,286690,16737137,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,joseph,"not that good, very classic and linear, definitely not the best solo fps like some reviews claim"
76561197961433434,Not Recommended,286690,31238782,Posted: 19 April,all,Tau137,"I bought this in hopes that this version would indeed be the perfect remaster, with all of the old problems fixed.  NOT TRUE!Sure, graphics got a slight facelift, but it is not that imporatnt.  I was hoping to finally be able to play PROPER Ranger mode, and.... I got had.  It is excatly the same as it was - the interface is simple IINVISIBLE, and you still have no way to check what you are equipped (unless you have learned which key and mouse comnimnation you need for throwing knives or pipe bombs), and no whay to know how may credits, bullets or items you have in your invetopry.Summary: all you will be getting with this title is slightly updated graphics, everything else (related to ranger mode) is just the same old LAZY RIP-OFF."
,Recommended,286690,35061413,Posted: 19 September,all,thepreeus,"Worth the $5 USD paid for when on sale. Wouldnt buy at full price.Decent game with a decent story. Not long enough for me personally as i dont replay games on harder difficulties. This is because i believe that games should naturally have challenge rather than through making AI enemies bullet sponges and make you vulnerable.It frequently crashed on my rig, so I would ONLY recommend this game IF its on sale, as the story is hella cool and unique however it isnt long or challenging. Its selling point is that It is something different."
76561198272201522,Recommended,286690,28774043,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,D¿aßℓÔ,Super game so far ..!  feels different than anything alse ive played before !
,Recommended,286690,28772820,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Im A White Guy,Great Game
,Recommended,286690,13339826,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Cyotey,"Metro 2033 is a rather strange and unique take on the apocalypse. The story is similar in style of Fallout but without any of the free roam. It's completely linear. You play as a young russian man named Artyom trying to save what is left of the human race from mysterious beings only known as 'Dark Ones'. It's a cut and dry story but isdone.....well?It left me confused at the end. I didn't find any closure other than knowing I destroyed those beings (....or did I?).I had a really hard time deciding whether to recommend this or not and for good reason. It almost felt more like a chore than fun. According to others this Redux version looks and runs better and from gameplay I can at least say yes this looks better than the original. However, they drastically changed the lighting making it easier to see. It's still dark and you'll still need your flashlight but it isn't as intense.AI is annoyingly good. And unlike just about every other game they will react very quickly to seeing you in the light or if you point your flashlight. I thought that was impressive and they're intimidating to fight. The monsters however are just downright irritating though. I don't mind relentless beasts but the creatures you mostly fight jump at you like a human player spamming their lunge attack in a PvP match (assuming you've played an MMO like that). Creatures are also hard to kill.The only two I got down are the most intimidating. Librarians (laugh now while you can....you'll soon hate them) and Demons. I don't want to give Librarians away because they are a real force of nature. Demons are fast and....well irritating (are you starting to understand why I debated so much now?). They swoop down, pick you up, carry you off and drop you. It doesn't always mean instant death but you will get a good amount of damage.The mechanics is probably what really made me question my decision. Demons flew through walls and snatched me or they went past me and I teleported into their clutches. You have trouble jumping anything past 3 inches and things that should be incredibly simple aren't. An example is....doors. You see that cracked door you could just push open? Well...you can't do it. 'Hey this guy just pushed this door open when it was locked for me? Great...always love that'. Librarians have glitched a couple times and paced back and forth within a 5 inch space at 4x the fast forward speed....which was pretty funny to watch for 2 SECONDS JUST BEFORE I WAS SLAPPED TO DEATH. I also experienced my partner AI completely blocking the way forward without doing anything forcing a restart; and I experienced 4 crashes.Overall, I'd give this a 7/10 due to frustration, bugs, crashes and an abrupt and confusing ending. Maybe things are explained better in Last Light which I'll play shortly and I look forward to it. And despite all these things....I enjoyed it and see why people love it. It's a diamond in the rough compared to most games these days."
,Not Recommended,286690,30744460,Posted: 25 March,all,Oberst Schulz,Vertical mouse axis is 50% slower than horizontal and you cant fix it by any means. how someone can play like this is beyond me. refunded
76561198165293405,Recommended,286690,21028923,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Purpking6000,love this game so much 100/100 it gives you everthing you wanted all i can say is buy it now if you dont have this game its so good + very intense and scary.
,Not Recommended,286690,26063722,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Quangster,Constant crashes. ( specs are not the problem )
,Recommended,286690,18907665,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tafara12,2033 REDUX???
,Not Recommended,286690,33450492,Posted: 11 July,all,changeqe,"Metro 2033 Redux - a Sophisticated Review""The times they are a-changin""A wise man once told me: ""Don't let nostalgia fool ya. You'll only end up disappointed."" Damn, was I foolish to not listen to him. Some things just belong to Memory Lane and ought to never be touched again.Back in the day - 2010 - I had only recently finished reading the book this game is based on. I was 13 years old. It wasn't that much of a problem to download well- functioning torrents on reliable pages. When I found out that Metro 2033 had been made into a game, I didn't hesitate. After tedious hours of downloading that meant that neither the internet nor the phone could be used properly for a fairly long amount of time, I launched it. It was cool, it worked as it should. It was atmospheric. It was scary. I enjoyed it a lot. But then, maybe in the middle of the story, the game kept crashing. Well, damn, it was an illegal copy, so I had to stop at that point. Period.A few years later...Around 2014, I began collecting games for my steam library. Old Games I saw as 'must-haves', AAA-games, new Indie games. A friend of mine had shared his library and in there were a few games I had already played a few years back. All of which I wanted to have as well, of course. Instead of just using the share, foolish me. One of those was Metro 2033. The thought of playing it again, to see what would be after the crash of my illegal copy, it kept popping into my mind. But I didn't let it stay. Until last year.In a sale, I decided to buy the Redux package containing Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light. I was simply curious. But then again, I played loads of other games instead. Time passed. Last week I finished reading Metro 2035, I saw the announcement of Metro Exodus and I finally told myself: If you don't play it now, when will you?I was disappointed.After 7 hours of playthrough, I didn't manage to see what I had liked so much about this game. 7 years have passed since it has originally came out. And in my opinion it hasn't aged well, to say the least. I don't know what changes the Redux version has brought to the original game. At least what good changes. The only thing that popped into my eye as new were the virtual copies of Metro 2033 and Metro 2034 that lay around various places. As if the creators decided it was a good idea to keep reminding you: ""Hey dumbass, this game is based on a book. You should read it! It's good! And do not try to immerse yourself into this game!! The book is much better!!!"" Sadly, I'd have to say the same: read the book, it's better.But enough ranting, let's talk about the game.STORY20 years ago, the world has bombed itself to smithereens during WWIII. The story takes place in Moscow, 2033, where numerous people have managed to survive the bombs by hiding in the Metro. They have grown accustomed to life in the tunnels. The stations of the Metro have organised themselves under various ideologies. There's the Hansa -mainly merchants-, there's the Reich -idiots that have adopted Hitler's ideas to their own patriotic russian standards-, and there's the Reds -well, also idiots, but communist idiots-. These are some of the many factions in the Metro that are in conflict with each other. You play as Artyom, a 20-something-year-old from an independent station right at the end of the Metro. There have been numerous attacks of the so-called Dark Ones, highly intelligent mutants that use their psychic powers to pit humans against each other. At the beginning, your step-father is visited by an old friend who brings him the message how much of a threat the dark-ones are. So you have to set out to the centre of the Metro and deliver this message to the 'authorities' at Polis.The story is as close to the novel as it possibly could. However this doesn't mean that it's good. Characters are hollow and don't develop at all. Artyom is just a hull for the player seemingly without motivations of his own. The Dark Ones almost don't play any role- although they should be the major threat, they show up only once or twice (I'm not counting the 'dreams' that Artyom has about them). The people of the Metro and the other, more 'unthreatening' mutants and anomalies are the real danger instead. Huh. I thought the motivation of all characters that help Artyom along the way and die in order to protect him was to annihilate the Dark Ones? Meh, whatever. And the aforementioned virtual copies of the Metro books are immersion-breaking.PRESENTATIONThankfully, the atmosphere is much better. Whether you're fighting against waves and waves of mutants whilst your comrades are trying to comedically deal with the sight of death; or you're walking through a deserted station, cautiosly looking around every corner; it never fails to drag you in. Albeit you should definitely play with headphones - or else you most probably won't feel a thing besides frustration for dying so often.My PC set-up isn't exactly the best. But even in middle settings, Metro looks good. There are actual effects for almost everything: fog, radiation, electricity. All of which make the levels seem more dense. The voice actors however don't. So, take a breath for a moment. Breath out and try to imagine what they sound like. Remember, it's a game that takes place in Moscow. Right! They all sound like they're trying too hard to sound like Russians. But then again why are they speaking English? It's just awful. And also, in comparison to the book, some of the names have been 'westernized'. For example, there's Miller whose name in the book is Melnik.There are also many immersion-breaking moments. Damn, I can't stop talking about these stupid virtual copies of the Metro books. But also, there are moments where the writers decided to put references to works which have inspired Metro 2033. For example Roadside Picnic by the Strugatzky brothers. Again, something that feels like they're wanting to tell you: ""Hey you dumbass. Look how smart we are. No one needs these references but we're going to put them in the game nonetheless."" Also there are the voice-overs of Artyom at the start of almost every level. Retrospective ones, an older Artyom telling his story.GAMEPLAYBut you haven't finished Artyom's journey yet. You still have to fight against Nazis, Communists and mutants. Gunplay is standard, but it seems that all of the many guns do the exact same damage. So, what's the point in using different guns instead of just bying three AK: on the first you put a silencer, on the second you put a bigger ammo clip, on the third you put a scope. That's possible by the way. The only differences in enemies is how much bullets they can digest and how many there are in different areas. All of them just charge when they see you. So just lean back, hide behind a pillar or something and shoot them one after another (at least in normal difficulty that is). The only time that you-yourself- have to charge are a couple Railgun-sections (standard thing in the FPS-genre) and various sections where the game forces you to sneak by some goons with heavy armor and guns.The only interesting part of the gameplay starts whenever you leave the tunnels of the Metro and get to the surface of Moscow. There, you have to keep different things in mind: ammo is more scarce; your gas mask needs new filters every few minutes (which are also rather scarce if you don't get on with things fast); your mask gets dirty and you have to clean it so you can see what you shoot at; also you try to outrun various types of mutants that can one-shot you. So, while combat inside the Metro is rather tame, combat outside the Metro is way more interesting and gets very hectic at times.CONCLUSIONMetro 2033 Redux is like Call of Duty basically. But with mutants and more atmosphere.4/10 because nostalgia"
,Not Recommended,286690,33451084,Posted: 11 July,all,AlwaysRLYAngry,"Y-axis is slower than the X-axis when looking around which is annoying, offputting and feels unnatural and there's no easy way to fix it unless you want to use a really user unfriendly hack, FOV is set to a tunnel vision-esque 50 which you have to edit out of game to fix because there's no FOV slider, if the developers can't be bothered to make a proper PC game then I'll just refund it instead.If you like atmospheric shooters and don't mind battling the awful mouse control and default fov that makes it look as if your playing through a telescope then go ahead and buy this, but for me it annoys me to the point that I can't actually enjoy the game, so as I said I'll be refunding, I have no time for badly made games."
,Not Recommended,286690,28128206,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,eigilh,"Promising game. I liked it for awhile. The game is completely story driven, like watching a movie. Then it's important that the player don't have to play the same sequence over and over again. You can't save in the game. Instead there are save locations. The save locations must be placed so that when you have cleared an area you should not have to clear it again..., and again. Unfortunatelly this happens and it's so annoying that I can't recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,286690,16638759,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,waipun,stutter 2033 redux
,Recommended,286690,16606917,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Fantastic little game, not much into FPS but this one is worth the ""outside of your comfort zone"" experience. Cannot believe how phenomenal the graphics are in these redux versions of this and Last Light. Everything is crisp and beautiful, have found no glitches or bugs and they are both amazing games. This is a company dev teram that many others should take an example from. They really care about these 2 games and the people who play them. No shabby console ports here, they reworked these games for us PC players. Grabbing these 2 games in the bundle (summer sale anyway) is the best thing you could ever do. Even at regualr price these games would be well worth your money."
,Not Recommended,286690,30834524,Posted: 30 March,all,Tixij,"So I have played this game for two hours now. The first hour was great, so was the second 30 minutes. But ffs, how can this game crash on me 6 times in the next 30 minutes?! Im writing this review immediately after the game crashed on me... For picking up ammo... Yes. I picked up ammo and bam, no more need for it really."
76561197995455361,Not Recommended,286690,12190394,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,† SpäceÇhimp,"Redux stands for crashPatches so far have not helped.You start to really enjoy it, then it crashes back to the desktop on 3 completely different systems with Windows 7 and Windows 8.latest patch stoped most crashes. Enjoyed"
,Not Recommended,286690,32389283,Posted: 13 June,all,NEQSIS,"Nearly everything about Metro 2033 Redux seems to be awesome; it gets great reviews, and based on what I played it's an awesome remaster, gameplay is fun, and the story is very interesting and engaging.  I was really excited to play the Metro series after the announcement of Exodus given I hadn't yet had the opportunity.  Unfortunately, the entire experience is ruined by unfixable mouse sensitivity settings.The Metro Redux games lock vertical mouse sensitivity in game to 1/2 the horizontal sensitivity, and no amount of tinkering with the .cfg file or 3rd party mods can fix it (see Steam and other community forums, where complaints and unanswered requests for a fix are prolific).  This weird 2:1 sensitivity scaling is significantly more problematic than any mouse smoothing or lag I've experienced in any other games. The scaling makes aiming and movement frustratingly difficult, messes with immersion (a major part of this title), and is further exacerbated by its unusually low vertical FOV (50) that requires you to look up/down more often than most games (and also cannot be changed without running into a variety of issues of its own). This is a problem built into the game engine, so it is present on all systems and in both Metro 2033 Redux and Metro: Last Light Redux.If you're going to play Metro 2033 Redux or Metro: Last Light Redux with a controller, or simply don't care about having accurate mouse movement (why anyone would feel this way, I have no idea), by all means you should buy and enjoy this game.  I've gone with a refund.As someone who plays many FPS titles, I'm honestly baffled that so many people either don't notice or don't care about the weird X/Y mouse scaling issue present in the Metro Redux titles. Hopefully the upcoming Metro Exodus isn't plagued with the same problem."
76561198066643552,Recommended,286690,11872448,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,mong,"I had very briefly played the original at a friend's place years ago, aside from that I didn't know a whole lot about the Metro games. Regardless, I pre-purchased the Redux versions just because they looked so awesome, and I did enjoy the little I played prior. I know many (on launch day) are having issues with the game crashing, I suppose I was fortunate enough to not have any of those problems. I'm sure what ever it is, will be solved soon.Needless to say, I'm very satisfied... I even completed my whole first playthrough in one sitting! For those wondering, it took me around 7 hours and 30 minutes. While not an incredibly long game, it is very fun and offers numerous difficulty modes with emphasis on resource management as you up the difficulty setting. Worth the cash in my opinion!"
,Not Recommended,286690,29654312,Posted: 2 February,all,Gmork,"Metro 2033 could have been a great game: Good graphics, atmospheric setting, fitting voice acting. Animations are quite terrible but not unbearingly bad.However there are too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics that kill off any fun you might start to have: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shooting on rails from a tram, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shooting on rails from a cart, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t carrying some kid that annoys you and hinders your movement and oh - shooting on rails from a different cart. And then there are the QTEs and all the other garbage that should have died off in the last decade."
,Recommended,286690,22846488,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Blochovsky,the Russian climate <3 :D
76561198040094794,Not Recommended,286690,16426454,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cioby,"Witcher 3 moves better on maximum settings. And the graphics and enhancements are pretty bad too. I am disappointed in this. But if you don't have the original game and have a good PC, you should get this."
,Not Recommended,286690,13365508,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Cartof,"this game is not worth a single penny, it has very weird mouse acceleration problems, it stutters like crazy on a r9 290 (i7 4790k) and for the first minutes of the game WASD nor ESC keys would work. The stuttering gets voices out of sync and the textures.. they are awful.. not recommended (at least metro last light ran well even..)2017 edit: the game runs awful on a GTX1070 with latest nvidia drivers. Excruciating gameplay experience with this broken title..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui_h6qju_3g"
,Not Recommended,286690,12635671,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CoooW,Game is fun but literally unplayable due to it contantly crashing within the first 5 mins of gameplay..
76561198129542095,Not Recommended,286690,16410715,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Carrera4K,Never worked waste of $50!!
76561197966057897,Not Recommended,286690,20005537,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,WhoCares,"Ugghhh. Aboslutely hate these games where the developers create what I call ""A movie with some gameplay inbetween"". We buy a game to play not painfully watch a fkn movie while you add some gameplay content inbetween. God, I couldnt even get through 1 hour of this game as it was all movie and 15 minutes of actually playing. What a waste and will stick to the popular 1st person shooters in the future where they know to add there movie bits inbetween with the option to skip it.I think this was one of the most painful ones Ive played!"
76561198168613058,Not Recommended,286690,25136858,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mikrofyr,"This is not a video game, this is collection of cut scenes and in-game dialog. Weak story, weak characters, invisible walls, at most 2-3 minutes of proper continus gaming, repeated interrupts. Even intro and main menus are animated and keeps you waiting.Dissapointed."
76561198066521381,Recommended,286690,13253327,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mat669,.
76561198094342221,Not Recommended,286690,23623809,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Harbinger,there is alot of missing graphics starting from the new game
,Recommended,286690,11881263,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SenorAndrew,"Having just completed the game and being a huge metro fan. Yes I recommend the game. Better graphics , AI, new hidden areas. It's a new metro 2033. There are some bug's and glitches i encountered but nothing thast will affect gameplay. 7/10.The only issue i had was it was too easy and i was playing survival ranger hardcore. I breezed right through it."
,Not Recommended,286690,21063040,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cartoonish,"Absolutely UNPLAYABLE ON MAC the port is trash, the framerate doesnt go higher than 9 even when soloi recommend not to buy this game until the port is fixed please bring this to attentionLate 2013 mac retina 15""16 gb ram etc"
,Not Recommended,286690,24752894,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Master0fBlunt,"I usually don't even bother with reviews, but this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much I just have to.Does not run. Period.Load checkpoint. Crash.Swap weapons. Crash.Oh you want to play at 1080p vs 720? CRASH.Look at the screen? CRASH.Fix your **** guys, graphics looked good when i could get it to run, but ffs....i7 4690390x16GB RamOther than the very simple fact this game can barely run for over 30 minutes at a time, GREAT GAME....."
76561198033201927,Recommended,286690,11880714,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Denim Chicken,"So scary, realistic, and gritty that it scares itself into crashing after the first cutscene without fail. 10/10."
76561198062469063,Recommended,286690,11881221,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mr Minalga,"I highly recommend this game, amazing story and graphics. What more could anyone want."
76561198043021616,Not Recommended,286690,13323859,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Antisaint30,Fix the game before you put it on sale again.I was really enjoying Metro 2033 Redux till I got about 5 hours in and can't progress beyond because I keep crashing to desktop.Crap console port and the Devs don't care obviously.
76561198009914624,Not Recommended,286690,13119662,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,al_ronald,Constantly crashes Nvidia driver forcing a reboot ... almost unplayable. Disappointing.
,Not Recommended,286690,16392977,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,P̦̙͓͖͠ȩ͇̩̮̥̙̩l̖̼t̷̮͚s̼u,didn't get to ride a metro. was disappointed
76561197967961555,Not Recommended,286690,16334759,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Łailϱƙen,"This must be one of the most disappointing games I've played in quite a long time. From the screenshots and synopsis it looked very good, however, playing the game is a different story. The mechanics of it are clunky (feel of the engine), the creature animations are limited and any gore looks terrible. The weapons are completely dire and in some places you can sit there stuck whilst getting attacked by enemies and reloading without even moving.  It is completely linear, you follow a path and that's it; NPCs block certain places so you can't even walk down a different corridor. Overrated.This is a terrible terrible (wannabe) version of Doom 3."
,Recommended,286690,11897983,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"GREAT GAME AS EXPECTED JUST WISH SLI WORKED! HATE ALAWAYS HAVING TO DO SOME WORK AROUND WITH 90 PERCENT OF GAMES TODAY TO GET SLI TO WORK OR TO JUST HAVE THE GAME PLAY OR LOOK GREAT. IT'S A HUGE PAIN THAT WE HAVE TO DO THIS BECAUSE EVERYTHING NW A DAYS IS DUMBED DOWN FOR SUPPOSED ""NEXT GEN CONSOLES"" SMH! OTHER WISE I DO RECOMMEND, IT'S METRO FOR CRISS SAKES AND THIS VERSION OF 2033 IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE ""OG"" 2033 VERSION."
76561197989686632,Not Recommended,286690,17953276,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,spawn46756,"Game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.This game is anything but scary, it has no story, weapons suck, you shoot someone in the head point blank and they survive and the game is full of bugs but that doesn't end there. before you even start playing you have to be good at FPS games your marksmanship has to be top of the game otherwise mutants will kick your ♥♥♥ from the start. what really sucks is that ammo does not last you nor do you get enough with the number of mutants that attack you which is why your marksmanship better be good or else you will continue to repeat the level over and over. When you start the game there is no tutorial it just puts you in the game; you are expected to know right away how and what each item is used for. Game glitches sometimes when there is a hollucination with your character and the screen goes white sometimes it stays white and then it doesnt go back and you are forced to restart the game. Do not recommend for novice FPS, if you are new it will frustrate you to no end I am assuming this was meant for people who have read the books because i still have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ the purpose to some of the story is. The story itself sucks because there is no story you're just doing what you are told just to make the gae last longer. Setting is in the future yet the weapons are from WW2 and the length of time your filter lasts is no where near realistic time. within 2 minutes of gameplay in the outside world you would have used up 4 filters if not more. I don't spend lots of time playing games due to my schedule and feel like wasting couple of minutes and want to just go nuts so want to have infinate ammo so try to cheat you can't even do that i've tried everything and it does not recognize the codes it just stays the same. All in all disappointed in this game. Trying to finish the first just so i can start on second but i am losing interest in this crap really fast good thing i paid only 5 bucks for both otherwise i would have been ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198167767951,Recommended,286690,20152146,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MadHat,Human enemies are more dangerous than radioactive gorrila monsters.10/10
,Recommended,286690,19741900,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Zenith,"An atmospheric first person shooter with a unique and creepy setting. You can choose to be stealthy, taking people down silently with your knife or you can throw grenades while shooting an AK-47. Your choice really."
76561198035230518,Not Recommended,286690,33018670,Posted: 29 June,all,Free Bandz,"Pros:- Story (based off a book)Cons:- Gameplay- Animations- voice actingI don't understand why is this game has such positive reviews, I see people saying how the game is ""vastly upgraded and improved"" if this is the upgraded version I would hate to see how bad the original game was. The story seems good though, which is the only reason I keep playing."
,Recommended,286690,22968622,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,424 apologist,"trust me,when you fire this game up,[gets close to the camera]your little ♥♥♥♥in' nuts are gonna startquakin', buddy.your little nuts are gonna bequakin'...YEAH, YEAAHHYOU'RE GONNA SHOOT♥♥♥♥♥/b]YOU'RE GONNA SHOOT♥♥♥♥♥/b]you're gonna shootHOT♥♥♥♥♥/b]EVERYWHEREand that- that's a promise.that's a promise, folks.that's a ♥♥♥♥in' promise right there.you're gonna shoot ♥♥♥♥in'hot ♥♥♥♥all over your computer,all over your mechanical keyboard and your razer mouse.I swear to god,that youwillbust a nut,[awkward pause]the first time you play.[loud clap]that'smy money-back guarantee.if you don't bust a nut the first time you play, message me."
76561198025016148,Not Recommended,286690,16891880,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Git Gud. sNIPeR ftw,"I am only making a negative review because of its terrible performance on mac. No matter how high end your mac is, this game will barely go above 5 FPS. Because of this, this game has been unplayable for me. Please, if on mac, just don't."
,Not Recommended,286690,32550398,Posted: 18 June,all,mdh,"this game so confused, and too much talk, but still nice game. i just play story of this game. sad , thanks you :))"
,Not Recommended,286690,24739851,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,HDMI Out,"I really wanted to like this game, I really did. The environment is beautiful, I love how almost every npc has dialogue with the character no matter how insignificant. The thing that made this game a negative experience for me was the FPS mechanics. The guns are not accurate and even the shotgun is completely unreliable at close ranges. If you dont kill an enemy in 1 shot with the shotgun you are dead, and enemies can dodge point blank shots. It's also very easy to find yourself stuck on a level where you are in a loop of trying to beat a level without the right guns or enough ammo and having to restart the level only to not have the equipment to beat it. On to Last Light I guess, hopefully it's better than this one."
,Recommended,286690,19321677,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ghillieboy,My♥♥♥♥♥♥was rock hard from begining to end in this game i had to see a doctor twice for the prolonged erections it gave me
,Not Recommended,286690,28727881,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr.BockBaGock,"The scripted story and cut scenes sort of slow down game play. It's O.K. for some, but get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,286690,28718072,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Strausy,"If you like waiting endlessly for cutscenes and scripted gameplay, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,286690,28963995,Posted: 2 January,all,smallshot,unplayable on a maxed out 2014 MBP. ~5FPS with graphics set to LOW :/
,Not Recommended,286690,31655126,Posted: 9 May,all,modbantam,Doesn't work on Mac. Still no decent updates or drivers for post el Capitan OSXs like 2016's Sierra. Wasted $40 to the Steam gyp retailers. Read the old reviews that alluded to driver probs. It's 2017 nearly half way to 2018. No support in place or en route. Rip off.
76561197995460931,Not Recommended,286690,30933777,Posted: 3 April,all,Picard1701,This game is way too hard. It never tells you where you have to go and you are always shooting takie monsters with nerf guns. Cool story.♥♥♥♥♥♥gamepay 0/10 would not buy.
,Recommended,286690,33791284,Posted: 25 July,all,METH_LEOPARD,it's like s.t.a.l.k.e.r. but it sucks
76561198114797297,Not Recommended,286690,33666838,Posted: 20 July,all,Badwater,Another good game ruined by a check point save system. Trying to do some parts in stealth is infuriating due to there not being enough save points.
76561198202562212,Not Recommended,286690,32751079,Posted: 24 June,all,Dovoski,"Coming into Metro: 2033, I wanted to give this game a good review, honestly. But now, after completing it, I can't say I'm to happy with the time I spent playing it. I didn't set my expectations to high for this game, but in a sense that just made this whole endeavor all the more disapointing.Gameply was a clunky mess. First thing I noticed playing was the garbage fov. It would be understandable if this only applied while wearing the gas mask, but it's not changable under any circumstances. When coupled with the fact that there's no sound occlusion, it makes these tight corridors seem like pure h@#$.  Enemies also move like ghosts, and they are ridiculosly bullet spongy.The guns also lack any sort of fun weapon diversity, and can all be put in one of four catogories: Rifle, shotgun, pistol and random pos made from spare parts that shoots even more random stuff.The plot is alright, and that's great because it's the only part of the game that makes it worth playing. That said, the characters, have 0 development. They have their moments if intrigue, but honestly they're all interchangeable.There's no reason to replay levels except to get 100% on the collectables, but all that gives you is an in text repeat of what you experianced.I could rag on this game for its glitches longer than I could for Skyrim's but I digress. Bottom line, it's not worth full price, I got it on sale and in a package deal, so it was worth the money, but don't pay more than 7 bucks for this game, you won't get your monies worth."
,Not Recommended,286690,29012344,Posted: 4 January,all,Drew,"I want to like metro, but it's just too annoying to recommend. At times, NPCs get stuck on the world. The hardcore modes remove UI elements which is cool as an idea, but at times, the UI actually gives directions to the player on what do do next in the story, meaning hardcore players either have to get lucky mashing E on important looking stuff or alt-tab for a guide. From the second you launch the game, you will be greeted with an unskippable intro cutscene. In fact, a massive amount of time is spent in cutscenes that I can't really say progress the story more than gameplay arcs do, but they do lock your camera and controls. All cutscenes are completely unskippable and will replay if you restart a chapter. If you start a game on hardcore with either ranger setting, pray that the game doesn't decide to switch the difficulty for no reason like it did to me, because that will add a third weapon slot that will crash your game if you try to use. At one point in the game, you are given access to an armory where you can select from a bunch of exotic cool weapons, presumably for a big challenge to come, and then immedietly removes one of your weapons to replace it with a flamethrower. That has almost no ammo. And then it never gives that shiny unused gun back. I decided that perhaps that if I created a new save and loaded up the chapter I left off at I could get past the flamethrower issue, but alas, if you start a new save it actually gets rid of the chapter select feature entirely. That's right boys, the developers thought to include a chapter select feature, but then made it so that if you make a new save you can't select any chapters. Having been only just tolerant of the game's buggy feel with NPCs sticking through walls and getting stuck on terrain on my first playthrough, having my save file and chapter select ♥♥♥♥ing nuked didn't exactly make me want to play again. The story was decent, the guns were sufficiently unique and all handled well, the atmosphere is breathtaking(ha), but I don't care because it's not fun to play."
,Recommended,286690,17781068,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
,Recommended,286690,33530866,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,"The sequel to Metro 2033 Last Light. A book was written after the success of both games, it probably sucks."
,Not Recommended,286690,31766334,Posted: 15 May,all,Downfall,Its 3 years old and it's a remaster or the 7 year old version so i wouldn't expect a lot of bugs in the game right?  no ive had to replay some levels cause i couldn't progress through the game along with that the game has some other bugs that are game breaking when i was playing the level dry at the start my character model bugged out and i couldn't use my weapon but then when i went up against enemies i had infinite healt so i could just stroll along without a care in the world and the funny pant is the next part of the game made me have to replay dry since i couldn't pull out my lighter to get rid cobwebs in my way.  This game might be fun if you can make through the game without these bugs but if you can't i would just leave it abandoned in your steam library like i do these days or hey if you're lucky maybe this happen before the 2 hour mark and you can refund it :^)
,Not Recommended,286690,20054615,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr.Cocaine,"♥♥♥♥♥iest game, if you want to play a game that you always have no ammo, try it"
,Not Recommended,286690,26110304,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,B i r d,"Overrated. But i'm too lazy to write 3 paragraphs about why, just take my word and don't do a ranger difficulty playthrough on your first run."
76561197982577039,Recommended,286690,29180965,Posted: 11 January,all,Lufka,Cheeki breeki  recommended !
76561198158171462,Recommended,286690,18317936,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dick_Kickem,"You play as a big string russian man who has no time for stalin, when mutants attack his comrads."
,Recommended,286690,18357913,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Negimson,ARTYOM
76561198039374546,Recommended,286690,18298295,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DJ Raptor,10/10
76561198100634750,Not Recommended,286690,18418768,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Black March,"Unplayable, Y-Axis is all messed up and even spending an hour in order to attempt to fix the crazy mouse sensitivity it just didn't work. Not enjoyable what so ever!"
76561198117741392,Recommended,286690,22922613,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chronosflow,"your girlfriend like to get geek I brought some extra,running through the pack I told the plug i need some extra"
,Not Recommended,286690,33633952,Posted: 18 July,all,Marzanna,Constant lack of ammo makes this game too difficult.
,Not Recommended,286690,31465732,Posted: 30 April,all,シンイイ,core i7 and GTX 950M still didn't reach smooth frame rate in minimun setting.ps. annoting flying catch Demons
,Recommended,286690,28970649,Posted: 3 January,all,HarryBoy™,"I'm a simple man. I see a gas mask, i recommend."
,Recommended,286690,14797544,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bottle Boy,Bottle Boy Lieks
76561198049019157,Not Recommended,286690,18518891,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,badluckthao,This is likened to when George Lucas went and remade the Original Trilogy of Star Wars.
76561198009559912,Not Recommended,286690,18520483,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BadGreenGonzoDaGreat,"Dont buy it it's laggy and buggy.  With 3,4 GHz Intel Core i5 8GB Ram Geforce GTX770 and SSD it's just a pain even on minimal resolution."
,Recommended,286690,33215592,Posted: 3 July,all,Saxojam,"Stop reading reviews. Why are you unsure about the game? Hell, why be unsure about the series? Dive genitals first into these games, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,286690,34804282,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
,Recommended,286690,11881850,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,eodjack,"huge fan of the metro series; definitely recommend! well worth the re-release price, thanks 4a!"
76561198040655979,Recommended,286690,11882762,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,FooFighter145,The new graphics engine is stunning this game looks amazing!!!
76561198016474624,Recommended,286690,11885712,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,whitedragonking!!!!,Simply amazing.Better then the original and performs very well even on my low end laptop. Runs atleast 50 fps or more.There are more carma opertunitys and unexpected events.Something I hated on the original was fix and that was D6.The original D6 had constant spawning orbs that explode in acid. This killed my FPS to lower then 10. It was so bad I died a lot and never played pass that after I beat the game. But now its fixed. Its one orb per egg and can be hidden well. More fear then anoying which I apresiate. They even added some new gun into this game from last light like the bike shotgun and the flame thrower.This game is a must buy!
,Not Recommended,286690,30753120,Posted: 26 March,all,Meowmeow Fuzzyface,"Picked this up because I thought the quality might be better, but the ""redux"" is just as bad a console port as the original.  There's a good FPS in here, but the port has too many problems for me to enjoy it."
,Recommended,286690,33340173,Posted: 7 July,all,Rei Ayanami,"Amaizing atmospheric action game filled with grothesque creatures, former humans after the Nuclear incident, where every bullet counts and where if you miss a shot you`re basically screwed!I won`t spoil anything about what`s really happening in this game, since you must find that by yourself!Reading the story from other users or from Internet may not sound so interesting after all but don`t let that trick you!Play this game and find out it`s awesome story!"
,Recommended,286690,12043287,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,ŦHË ǤÄMËⱤ ǤŮƔ,"Truely an amazing game. Good graphics, realistic gameplay, great storyline. 10/10. A must buy for sure!"
,Recommended,286690,23405340,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Arty,Definetly worth buyingmetro is an fps horror great for everyone
,Recommended,286690,28479970,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Tomm,k
76561197999819604,Recommended,286690,23729831,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DIBBLE MUNT,"Its a good game, but honestly the companions in this game need to ♥♥♥♥ off, they literally kill all the tension and build up from the world, literally this game is hours of following kahn as he tells you to stop, move aside, stop, remain at my back, stop, move aside. As DasboSchitt said in his review, these ♥♥♥♥ers aint companions there tour guides.When they do ♥♥♥♥ off the game is great, honestly though i would just say skip this and play last light. but i guess you could like it, again steam needs to give me a meh button for reviews cause this game would get meh/10"
,Not Recommended,286690,35320300,Posted: 29 September,all,Vanilla Urban,"If you run out of filters you're ♥♥♥♥ed. The game doesn't help you and you can't complete the story. That means if you're at a certain point in the story where there isn't any filters and you're out, you'll have to replay the previous chapter and find more filters. What if the previous chapter is extremely slow and requires you to have your mask on most of the time? You see my problem.But anyways, I like the concept of the game. However, its pretty linear. There are no interesting characters and the whole Russian gimmick gets old quick. The story makes no sense. Killing monsters is a huge pain because Artyom has a hard time holding up his weapon, so instead of ADSing, you'll just install a laser on your gun and hipfire and still miss most of the time. Monsters move very fast and their animations are all buggy as well. Fortunately you can reload and sprint at the same time and run faster than most enemies, so you'll unload your magazine, then run away while reloading, repeat.Combat against humans is more interesting, and they seem to have decent AI. Shooting at them while their flashlight is blinding you is a pain, though.I also have a problem with how the game portrays communism. You go to a station controlled by communists but since they're communists they immediatly arrest you and shoot at you. They're also still at war with fascists apparently. Why fascism persists is a post-apocolyptic world is beyond me. Also, why everyone uses bullets as money instead of equally distributing capital while people literally starve and beg in every station is way beyond me. I mean, seriously, there's only a few thousand people left in Moscow but you still need money for food and guns? The game implies that communism and fascism are the same. Actually, Artyom literally says that in one of the journal entries you find (mah ♥♥♥♥in horseshoe!). Nothing makes any sense.What the game does get right is the atmosphere. That was what made all this bearable."
,Not Recommended,286690,24112179,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,subversiveVectorMachine,"I'm stopping my play 1/3 of the way through this game because the story is not remotely interesting and the gameplay is not fun.  Graphics are good.I'm a bit bitter because I was led by online reviews to believe that the story was very good, but at least thus far, it is hackneyed and vapid-- coming of age teenager shooting demon/aliens in a subway but playing a bigger role than everyone suspects.  There is zero magic in the telling-- at the same point in Bioshock and Penumbra I was engrossed in the world they had created.The lack of a story doesn't matter much if the gameplay is fun (Quake and DOOM prove this) but Metro 2033 is the epitomy of a sluggish console port of a painfully-linear hallway shooter/stealth-er.  I was able to edit an INI file to get a PC-respectable FOV, thankfully.I've been forcing myself to make it this far because of all the praise this game gets online.  I don't see it, it's just not fun."
76561198335684725,Recommended,286690,34359886,Posted: 19 August,all,Kliff Arne,ye
,Recommended,286690,33065266,Posted: 30 June,all,hazy,"A really great game, I played it all in one day. I hate librarians they are annoying and that section is the worse."
76561198046414932,Not Recommended,286690,35397915,Posted: 1 October,all,dcigs,depressing
,Recommended,286690,15612244,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Never Nude,"crashes much,. But when you play it's fun"
76561198091573144,Not Recommended,286690,12596155,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,jesseliu424,DOES NOT START! 10/21/2014verified all updates and the game still does not work. Do not purchase until it is solved! 10/21/2014
,Not Recommended,286690,32477446,Posted: 16 June,all,Masa,"Metro 2033 is an atmospheric first person shooter with survival and stealth elements. It's based on popular Russian book with the same name. You play as Artyom, a young man who needs to fight his way through the ruined metro tunnels and streets of post-apocalyptic Moscow. This Redux edition is a remastered version of the original Metro 2033 ported to a newer engine.VisualsThe custom engine used in the Metro games is quite impressive visually and this redux version looks great for the most part. Unfortunately the lighting model is quite simple and the shadows often look dated. Some of the facial animations are pretty low quality too.The game also defaults to an extremely narrow FOV. The FOV can only be adjusted through a config file and using a non-default FOV will lead to some visual glitches.AudioThe sound effects are pretty decent for the most part. Some weapons sound quite weak, however (the flamethrower in particular is just terrible). The sound track is rather forgettable as well and the English voice acting is truly dreadful. The Russian voices are much better and fit the setting much better. Too bad a lot of the NPC chatter doesn't have subtitles at all.GameplayThe survival elements in Metro 2033 are well done. You need to scrounge for ammo and supplies and both are often in short supply. Too bad this was pretty much the only aspect of Metro 2033 gameplay I actually liked.The game features some of my most hated elements in an FPS game, including extremely linear levels, quick time events, lack of manual saves and terrible enemy AI. It's therefore not very surprising I didn't enjoy the game that much.The levels themselves are awfully linear and full of invisible walls. This is understandable enough when you are in the actual metro tunnels, but rather annoying when you are exploring the ruined streets and buildings. The game even has some terrible rail shooter sections.Neither normal combat nor stealth is particularly enjoyable either. Stealth gameplay is extremely simple and not particularly enjoyable. Combat isn't much better due to poor controls and abyssmal AI. The human enemies are especially bad as they will happily get stuck in obstacles and doorways. Mutant enemies fare a little better, mainly because you normally fight them in fixed areas.The lack of manual saves is also a major annoyance, particularly since many of the checkpoints are poorly placed. And finally, the game does include a few QTEs just to make things extra annoying.DifficultyThe game does provide a decent level of challenge on Survival/Normal difficulty. Rather interestingly the game does allow you to pick between two different playstyles, Survival and Spartan. The Survival is closer to the original Metro 2033 experience whereas Spartan provides more action-oriented gameplay with less focus on survival elements and stealth.ControlsThe controls are pretty bad with a mouse and keyboard. The mouse sensitivity is implemented poorly and the rather annoying mouse acceleration can only be adjusted through a config file. The game also lacks many important hotkeys and having to pick secondary weapons through the weapon wheel is a major pain. Overall I found the whole minimalistic and ""immersive"" UI rather tedious and annoying.Story and WritingThe setting itself is great, as should be expected from a game based on a popular book. Too bad the actual writing isn't very good. I'm guessing the poor English translation is to blame here.Bugs and GlitchesThe game is quite buggy. Enemies will walk through doors and even walls and on several occasions story scripts didn't fire properly. There are also some odd issues with the audio mixing.Final VerdictMetro 2033 has nice visuals, great atmosphere and an interesting setting. Too bad the gameplay is pretty terrible and the game in general is quite unpolished. I know the game has its fans, but personally I wouldn't recommend it.I played through the main campaign on survival/normal, this took me around 8 hours."
,Not Recommended,286690,12035873,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Hus,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.This game is not finished yet, you can't play for constant 30min without crashing, I asked Valve for a refund coz this game is unplayable.Check other players problem in this thread, all of them have the same issue and still the developers ignores all these complainshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/1/34095684732400438/"
,Recommended,286690,11869771,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Nitzer,"Just gotta say this right now... because this game got me thinking of fallout, Metro 2033 REDUX > Fallout. Much better apocolyptic game.Makes me wanna get off my♥♥♥♥♥and go sit on the couch and read them novels. Haha seriously this game's graphics look amazing, the gameplay is mint, everything.... so much wow"
76561198029170272,Recommended,286690,11868877,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,VeNoM,"Runs so much better, smooth and looks AMAZING!!"
,Not Recommended,286690,12003325,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,RandomDazed,Was happy playing and nearly at the end. The devs released a patch to fix a bug that causes the game to crash on start-up. After istalling the patch i now crash on start up. Sigh. Can't launch LL either. Tried all the fixes from people on the web to no avail. I'm going with a NO for now (even though i actually love the game). Please fix!
76561198045518868,Not Recommended,286690,34762798,Posted: 5 September,all,BigJowls,"I was really excited for this game and love the S.T.A.L.K.E.R games. This being the first time playing Metro 2033 I thought the beginning was mildly enjoyable but really progressed no where. I almost completed the game because I kept hoping something epic would happen and it never really did.Being based off a novel I was hoping the plot would be a lot more engaging. There are much better FPS out there in my opinion.Its not a horror game really at all, its not a survival game, its just a meh fps."
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,286690,23354556,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Tibarnius,"I've been on steam for years, but this is the first game to prompt a review from me. Literally the only thing this game has going for it is that it has an interesting world.The compass/navigation is♥♥♥♥♥♥The gun customization is completely useless, don't bother with it, you'll find upgraded guns easily.Can only carry 3 different gunsSections with infinitely spawning enemies, which in one case I was tasked with running TO their spawn point by myself while they spawned three at a time.Sections with invulnerable enemies.Totally unintuitive sections where your objective makes no sense.Your protagonist is voiced, but only in loading screens, which makes your characters mute-ness during gameplay jarring. Why give me a voice if I don't use it when it makes sense?Lots of clipping issues.I really tried to make it through this game, but I found it very frustrating and just altogether poorly done."
,Not Recommended,286690,13888378,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Wrangwar,"Breaks the original game by pretty much just directly porting it into the new engine. Ruins all of the animation that was so fluid in 2033, introduces all of the bugs of Last Light, and only very minimally does it improve the look of this game. Buy the original instead."
76561198043714145,Not Recommended,286690,12648432,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,lag lag,"If you played the first one , its realy the same , and the first one had better grafic ."
,Recommended,286690,11872500,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,fuzzyfrank,This is THE way to play Metro 2033.  Great game.
,Recommended,286690,25800996,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Plan B only,"Russian men are brave,russian women are beautiful,russian kids are cute."
76561198131672271,Recommended,286690,34338186,Posted: 18 August,all,Koyuki Himekawa,"The Russian version of Fallout, but without being open-world. Great atmosphere with great monster design. The game has great shooting mechanics too, especially when you ride a cart its a fun ride shooting monsters and men.Get the game people you will have fun with the shooting mechanics."
,Not Recommended,286690,11873516,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DrKilljoy#810,"Whats with today's gaming industry? It seems all these developers push their botched games too fast to make a few bucks nowadays, more and more early access games coming out that are just beyond broken. Frist day its out it gets a 1.2g patch with no patch notes. Still can't play it with half the community not being able to play it. fix your broken game. I love the metro series  dont get me wrong, I'm just sick of todays developers logic.I do not recommend this game.Buy the one that actually works.I will not change this review upon fixing of the game."
,Not Recommended,286690,19026046,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Renji,"Bad in general, terrible combat, graphics etc"
,Not Recommended,286690,21228152,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JackE,"I actually don't understand why this game has so much positive feedbacks.After starting this game today and having to watch intro every time i ran it, i found myself in a tunnel with some stupid creatures and some russians with fail voice and face.Tried to understand the game's story a bit, but nope. Tried to get scared a bit, but still nope.This game even lacks a good map for surface, took me an age to find bourden ( if i spell it correctly) behind the hotel.I really liked the trailer, and i wish i could like the game, but looks like not this time.Although i have to mention that metro 2033 has very nice graphic and visual effects, which even i couldn't resist from playing it for about an hour. But after that, sorry metro 33 i need my disk space back."
76561198133894034,Not Recommended,286690,18499288,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,alexchankheetiam,"I downloaded the redux bundle and was pretty excited until I tried playing it, the framerate was terrible even after turning off everything - reducing the quality to low, and etc. But the game just had terrible framerate, less than 10 FPS I think."
76561198054464414,Not Recommended,286690,18016909,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,PunxNotDead,"I hate to say this, but I don't recommend this game. Why? Because it starts as normal, you get sucked into the storyline and gameplay and then BOOOOM - it stops launching. Steam doesn't care, developers don't care - no patches on the official website, no clear recommendations on how to fix it.Frustration - 10/10I paid money to play this game. Well, the lesson is learned."
76561198145917087,Not Recommended,286690,14823340,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dr. Hoffman,REALLY Atmospheric well designed Apocalyptic FPS!Gameplay is same as all Survival Fps.Voice acting is disgusting ( cheap russian accent ).ARTYOM!!! ARTYYYOOOM!7.5/10
76561197974982139,Not Recommended,286690,12040064,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,(T-H) Twinkie The Kid,"bought this game because of good reviews and heard good things about game. And playing it it seamed to be a good game, but thats when it would run. constainly crashes and lags. not a computer issue it is the game. final crashed so much and lost so much progress that wasnt even worth my time. really disapointed and would not  recommend this game to anyone, unless of course you enjoy throwing your money down the drain and  like being extremly frusterated"
76561197993703914,Not Recommended,286690,24878824,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Primate,The controls for this game are horrible. I could not continue playing past the first half hour. The mouse vertical sensitivity is extremely low compared to the horizontal sensitivity so aiming with a mouse is truly painful. It's like it was designed by someone who has never played a FPS before with a mouse. Looking at forums it appears this issue has been reported multiple times and the developers have done nothing about it since its release. Cannot recommend; this is just incredibly lazy.
,Recommended,286690,11871084,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Sire,"By now you probably know about Metro, the Redux edition is on Last Light's more advanced Engine and the game gets a couple extra bells and whistles. I love both 2033 and Last Light and the lighting difference is almost day and night, it's really well done but if you haven't played or seen the original in a while you probably won't notice how much of a drastic difference it is. There is a noticeable difference, the game has gotten one hell of a face lift and it's now on par with Last Light's visual fidelity. Textures are absolutely amazing, everything has amazing detail and no surface has been left untouched. It's great that the game is now on par visually with it's sequel since, I feel, it's the better of the two titles.The gameplay is still the same but apparently there's added content, I haven't run into any of it yet with my limited playtime thus far, but being how good the original was any added gameplay time is a welcome addition. The sound design is still as fantastic as it was before, though it does get tiring hearing Steve Blum do several different Russian accents.If you're looking for a good excuse to play 2033 again, this is it, if you haven't played the game and it's piqued your interest and you're into games like the Stalker series (albeit the Metro games are linear), do yourself a favor and get the Redux edition."
,Recommended,286690,11879274,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Kilo Golf,If u want a reason to die today buy as many copies of the Metro Redux cuz the game doesn't even work!
76561198035787493,Not Recommended,286690,17274532,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,azzor,This run like bsolute♥♥♥♥♥♥on my absolute top end mac.it is unplayable
76561198110836646,Not Recommended,286690,21092774,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tony Iscapelli,"yet another broken steam game, dont waste your money, steam obviously doesnt support the broken games they have up for sale. waste of time and money. EDIT(for the trolls): No my pc isnt garbage. if you need to kno my specs to feel better about yourself, here ya goi4770k16+gigs ramgtx 660hero maximus 7 moboapparently this game doesnt like nvidia cards to much, and after some reasearch and looking for ways to make it work, the ogov files didnt work, neither did deleting the steam appcache. if you buy a game from steam and it works that great on ya. im glad you bought the game and its works, but for me, it does not work, and if it doesnt work because the game just doesnt like nvidia cards then there needs to be a notification or a warning that states this. the money isnt really the issue i bought this game in a bundle on sale. the problem i have is the time ive wasted trying to make it work.UPDATE!!!! i recently went to start this game and it now works on my pc, whether it a was a software update, or something was fixed, but it seems to be launching and playing now, but either way be careful if your looking to purchase this game"
,Not Recommended,286690,28116070,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bãhubali,seriously game can be developed more better
76561198040200052,Not Recommended,286690,29337605,Posted: 18 January,all,^2(A7X) ^0M7modd,"Firstly, if anyone tells you ""play the game as its supposed to be played"" just ignore him. It's your money and the game should live up to YOUR expectations. Saying that I will list the cons because its important to be aware of them:The game is great but it suffers from a fatal deficiency which is its engine, it is NOT smooth, it is not good and it is sometimes even horrible. You will find yourself, especially at the begining, not able to make the simplest jumps to proceed forward to the main quest, and even after all the time I put into the game, towards the end where you have to climb the tower, I fell so many times just because the engine and movement is SOOOO sluggish its anooying to say the least. Scarce selection of guns, and ammo is a big problem, most of the time I ran out of ammo because I couldn't buy enough of there is just not enough loot or I spent it killing enemies! Aiming down the sight takes a noticable moment, so is the running animation, between holding down the sprint button and actually sprinting, there is a pause which is annoying most of the time, but all of that circles back to the main issue of the game, the engine is just so bad that it prevents you from enjoying the amazing storyline and killer plot. If you think you can look past this issue then get the game, but if you can't then just do not bother. I am a firm believer of the fact that games (especially FPS) have to be fast, and not sluggish or stagnant, the mechanics of the game need to be fluid and agile as much as possible so the player does not have to deal with the fact that you just cannot jump one simple gap! for that I do not recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,286690,28811986,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Baconmancer,"Fantastic game, very poorly optimized. (Can run Witcher 3 on high settings)"
76561198087730263,Not Recommended,286690,33717649,Posted: 22 July,all,HyperRealisticRock,"Buggy and unplayable garbage, not worth a single cent.Metro 2033 was buggy but this is a whole new level, they fixed nothing at all and I encountered even more bugs..."
76561197971519466,Not Recommended,286690,25090797,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ShinyRobotGod,Crashes on launch.  There is a lot of discussion out there about unsuccessfully trying to make it work.
76561198160154450,Not Recommended,286690,27006799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yo,this is by far my favorite game. i like it so much i got mad when it didnt let my refund go through. thanks steam we love you.
,Recommended,286690,11878471,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DMStewart,"Awesome. Just Awesome. It plays better than the original. I am getting great framerates even after only playing for about 20-25 minutes. Now Im jsut mad that I didnt order Last Light Redux when the deal for orginal owners was running. If youve never played this game, whats wrong with you? Now with the redux you have no excuse!I have heard of a lot of people having issues with the game crashing. For me, its run perfectly. And I really hope they fix whatever the issue is taht is causing so many people so many problems because this game finally feels like its using all of its potential."
,Not Recommended,286690,30827861,Posted: 29 March,all,electroClassic,Boring and Dejavu everywhere
76561198133845992,Recommended,286690,17401626,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Blitzwing,"I like this game, you have here really interesting experience.I never read the books, but the game feels anyway with really great story and characters.I really like the design of the Monsters and Characters here."
,Recommended,286690,32367698,Posted: 12 June,all,☜The TrappeR☞,My best game
,Recommended,286690,31870485,Posted: 20 May,all,CupCupBaconBox,Metro 2033 Redux? LOL more like Metro 2033 Buttfuks! lmao!
76561198070182453,Not Recommended,286690,32433849,Posted: 15 June,all,gpaubas,"Not as good as I read at forums. Very simple. History soft, combat is a chaos, poor graphics. Poor at last."
,Not Recommended,286690,30766924,Posted: 26 March,all,Player98,can't even play this... texture error and missing everywhere... i can't even see a REAL person
76561198012218021,Recommended,286690,18052806,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BillyH,"User reviews:	Very Positive (3,940 reviews) AGREED--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted"
76561198123599054,Recommended,286690,32698423,Posted: 23 June,all,Chef,"gud game, gud graphic, unrelistac do, my dude develope athsma when he go on surfac and there aint no monstor on planat earf"
,Recommended,286690,22925315,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,[RG] Logone,I will say one word about this game: AMAZING!
,Not Recommended,286690,33779199,Posted: 24 July,all,DarkMyth,The ending to the game reminds me of the way Dishonored does it where your actions throughout the game give one ending or another.  All and all I didn't like it Nazis in Moscow didn't make much sense and seemed like cheap writing.  Most events in the game were not scary mostly just annoying.  I played this game off a friends recommendation and one playthrough is all I needed.
,Not Recommended,286690,35392677,Posted: 1 October,all,Neptune,"Good world design, interesting story. Gun-play is not reduxed, it's clunkier than Last Light. I enjoyed it but I wouldn't say I got my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,286690,11897246,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Jesus,"Stick to the original version of this game, ive managed to play only half an hour of this game, first time i loaded the game it crashed within the first minute of the game being open, whenever an enemy appears on the screen the framerate tanks to an unplayable amount and when I reached the armory, there was no way to accept taking the gun, and as such I was stuck and decided to quit the game. Also I don't know what the pause button is bound to but its not esc, and the only way to access the options menu was by alt tabbing, so the game would automatically pause. I do not recommend buying this game at all, I know the original game was known as a system killer, but it still ran better than this does."
76561198003059604,Not Recommended,286690,11976527,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Jem,"I bought Metro 2033 when it first came out and loved it. As a result I got a reduction on the Metro Redux games, so I thought 'why not?'Artyom's voiceovers have been re-recorded, and for some reason Ullman's character model with his distinctive beard has been replaced in the prologue mission with a generic Sparta soldier wearing a respirator. Not sure how that's a particular improvement.I've not played long enough on Metro 2033 Redux to have an opinion yet, because the hideous console FOV gives me appalling motion sickness. Until they patch in an FOV slider, I wouldn't buy this. So: until they fix the FOV... not recommended.Oh yes, and it's *still* got those damn Metro posters and books all over the place. Way to break the immersion."
76561198016572584,Not Recommended,286690,32819651,Posted: 26 June,all,Epuckop non Patriarch,"not playable on linuxcan't normally save game options and can't play with keyboard/mouse set ...its looks like game was ported to linux without QA , or game working only on old version of linux and not support ubuntu 16+ x64and it with both version of metro ...."
,Not Recommended,286690,34785365,Posted: 6 September,all,Spades Neil,"The overalllevel designof this game is pretty awful. The layout of levels makes no sense in a lot of cases.""Oh waaaa you're just bad at the game just play on easiest difficulty."" What part ofLEVEL DESIGNdon't you people understand? I can deal with the enemies. The AI is a joke, frankly. All I have to do is hide around a corner and aggro them, then shoot them in the head when they charge through. I don't get killed by most of the enemies. What'ssucksabout this game is how you often find yourself running around an areawith no enemiestrying to figure out where you're supposed to go or what you're supposed to do.Here's a fine example of how bad the level design is. In one level, you have to traverse the surface to get to a library. First off, just finding the way to the library is a ♥♥♥♥♥ because you have no idea where you're going and it's easy to get all turned around.So now I found the correct manhole to jump into, I pop out the other side, and I approach a building. Suddenly the top of that building collapses. YOU CANNOT BACK UP FAST ENOUGH TO ESCAPE THE FALLING DEBRIS. It was such a dead on hit that instantly killed me, that as I watched the debris falling to hit my face, I thought it was a cutscene. No, turns out you have to trip out the game by sprinting into this spot and sprinting back out of it to set off the trigger, AND THEN you can continue.Now I've found the library. The game said I'd find my buddies there. Nothing's there. Convinced my game was bugged, I looked for a solution. All the online guides say ""Just wait until they come."" I sat there for literally an hour and they never came. Frustrated, I just started shooting my shotgun randomly into the air. This aggro'd every enemy in a three block radius who all then came to murder me. ONLY NOW do my god damn allies show up.It just gets worse from there. I'm not being challenged anymore. A challenge is when I know what the goal is and there's a gap of skill to reach that goal. This is the kind of game that makes you run around for 20 minutes screaming, ""WHERE THE @#$% DO I GO!?!!""This game is garbage, and I cannot be arsed to finish it with the miserably bad level design it uses. I'm okay with games being difficult, but there's a difference between ""git gud"" and a game that punishes you without warning."
,Not Recommended,286690,11961177,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Moobyghost,I loathe this game.I have not cussed this much in frustrations since Dark Souls.
76561198035349475,Not Recommended,286690,11902081,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,majrick,pre purchased the Redux  package having both initial versions  expecting great things. Neither loaded fully  altho Last Light ran through the intro and then crashed. Today a download for both  raised hopes which were instantly dashed.  Keep working on them .
76561198040307099,Not Recommended,286690,33801969,Posted: 25 July,all,ThatJeffDude,"Pros:- Great graphics. Looks cool- Spooky atmosphere- Good sound designCons:- It's a guided tour most of the time. Follow invincible npc around on linear path. Boring- When you finally get to be on your own. It's confusing. No direction of where to go with difficult enemies.- Guns all seem equally underpowered and not fit for fighting most enemiesVERDICTI did not finish the game due to boring, confusing, and frusterating stages. I had such high hopes for the game because I loved the setting and atmosphere, but it just doesn't make up for the god awful direction and unbalanced combat. Don't buy... just watch a walkthrough on Youtube."
76561198025597713,Not Recommended,286690,33209909,Posted: 3 July,all,[MNI]Elder Maxson,"I played metro before, and it was full of bugs, but it was a fun game, and i did get far in to the game without any game breaking bugs, but the constant going back and redoing stuff got me tiered of the game and i gave up.Now comes Metro Redux. I was really hopeing that they fixed most of the issues it is quite the contrary they are worse, in many parts of the game you will simple be throw out of the map and stand far in the sky unable to keep going, you will have to go back to a previous point and try to figure out were you need to stand or were to look so the game loads properlyIf you manage to play, it is fun, has a good history, good gameplay and controls, but you dont have any way to know if it will or not work on your machine and most likely wont. I can't recommend a game that you can't even play."
,Not Recommended,286690,11915363,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Alexander,"As a big fan of the original flawed masterpiece that is Metro 2033, let me just say DAMN son, redux looks beautiful.Stealth game play has been improved and is more reasonable now.Key rebindings are confusing, for some reason grenade key is mapped under  ""secondary"". Took me a while to figure this out.I played the game from start to finish on survival mode. So no idea what Spartan is like. But survival was great.Graphics could use a patch or two. I got a 670 and even after messing around with all the graphics options there was still this odd frame rate hiccup that happened every now and then. There is a full list of my system specs on my steam profile if you want to check it out, but as far as I can tell there is no reason why this should be happening. My GPU during gamely didn't rev up anywhere near its full capacity, and with 16GB of ram and an over clocked i7 I'm left thinking, what's causing this issue? Optimization needs some work I think.For some reason I get a lot of popping on the sound front. I am using an on board sound chip, but the only other time I have ever encountered this is when using google chrome for a prolonged period of time.For me I got issues with this version of the game just like the original. Honestly I can't recommend it. After all this time if there are still optimization issues like this your better off passing on it until at least some patches come our way.I'm disappointed but optimistic."
76561198314540330,Not Recommended,286690,26375752,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,武功再高也怕RPG,I hate QTE   and jumping
,Not Recommended,286690,12037424,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Attor,"everything is perfect in this game aside from it crashing every 5 to 10 minutes. The graphics are better, the new modes of game play are fantastic but it's currently unplayable by a good chunk of people who bought this game. I would recommand waiting til they come up with a fix for the current problems before purchasing."
76561198146059920,Not Recommended,286690,11915038,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sam Turtle,"crashes at long pointless intro, my pc is fine, i usually run at low setting for the best fps possible. fix ur game and maybe i'll change my review.well now the game works but the characters are invisible, next time release a finished game and my review will not change. c u n t s"
,Recommended,286690,11879626,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Reed,Played on Ranger mode. Died 4 times already on the first level. 10/10
76561198068575939,Not Recommended,286690,23094307,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Omerta0316,"A soul-less game.. Nothing stands out that could compensate for the dead story and 1-D characters. Bought it on sale and glad i didnt pay more for this. Has some potential but it feels hurried, uncooked and immature. Don't understand the positive reviews for this one, i dont. still completed it, guess i had nothing better to do.. hoping the ending sequence would somehow redeem the story in my eyes but it didnt, just forced me to write a review here warning others against wasting time on this. still, if you want to buy this, get it on sale and play for an hour to decide for yourself. If you dont like how it feels, dont wait for it to get better, your time and hopes are better spent elsewhere."
76561198067716043,Recommended,286690,23714879,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,My Name's Mark,This game is very fun and is nOt at all a bad game but if yOu dO nOt like games like this dO nOt play it.
76561197964492778,Not Recommended,286690,13327685,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,YankeeHiFi,Do not buy this game it  is unplayable in its current state.  It crashes after the intro video.  I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing.
76561197972487628,Not Recommended,286690,12152668,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,DocPantload,"Awful and amateurish.  Heads-up display never functioned, in any mode or dificulty level.  Endless scripted cut-scenes that cannot be skipped.  Sloppy pathing.  Glitchy graphics that make textures and objects flicker in and out of existence.I cannot recommend this game to anyone."
76561198066261621,Not Recommended,286690,12029124,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,GlRTH,game runs terrible maxed with crossfire 7970s.  not optimized well enough to call it a redux.  buy the original for like 1 dollar and avoid this mess till its patched
,Not Recommended,286690,11960155,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SkipperSFMcDs,"I'm sorry, really I am, but I cannot say with all honesty that I would reccomend this game. My laptop is a windows 7 Asus with an Intel i5-2430M. My ram is 8 GB, a 64-bit OS, and no matter what I do some things do not load. I don't seem to be the only person with this problem and I'm not sure if its just cause I bought the bundle rather than the games seperatly, but I spent 49.98 for it and when I'm going through the intro I don't see miller, the ladder, artyom, or even my gun. Now, while I may find it a bit amusing for a few seconds that I'm a ghost using telekenisis to hover a few bits of gun up, I do not find it amusing to spend 50 dollars just to learn that I can't play a game. I've yet to try out Last Light, but if the problem is the same then I'm dissapointed that I spent 50 for two games I can't even play. I loved Metro 2033, I really did, and its a bit heartwrenching to put a negative review up for a game that added more to it."
76561198203006219,Not Recommended,286690,29905345,Posted: 13 February,all,Meower ♥,This ♥♥♥♥ing game keeps crashing my PC so I have to turn it off via the powerbutton. Also why's there no FOV slider in the game? Good game but the crashes drives me crazy. And no FOV slider is just lazy and ignorant by this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer.
,Not Recommended,286690,27333036,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Exterium,Refunding due sensitivity making the game unplayable for me (different sensitivity for x and y axis)
76561198112915575,Not Recommended,286690,31420354,Posted: 28 April,all,Dutch East-India Company,5/10 wouldn't buy
,Not Recommended,286690,32451278,Posted: 15 June,all,Talés,Will not start?Will change if I can actually play it.
76561197970409836,Not Recommended,286690,32876420,Posted: 27 June,all,An Ancient Wookie,"Quite a good atmospheric game, pity the ui is so bad , and there is no tutorial - nothing explains how you recharge weapons or electrical items - it would have got a 9 instead i would give it a 4.Really sloppy workmanship on the control explanation , they dont even list it in the optionss menus properly."
76561198054348160,Not Recommended,286690,29056670,Posted: 6 January,all,schwoefdog,"Great game, until you run out of gas masks.  Which is often.  I got to a point in the game where I run out of air and the only way to get more filters for the gas masks is to go back 5 hours of game play and be more sparing?  No thanks, can't recommend this until there is a free DLC that lets you go infinite if you like, because being stuck through no fault of your own is annoying AF."
76561198108040108,Not Recommended,286690,23771359,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fatal_Archer101,A very broken game it keeps restarting my pc when i start it i cant get further then the menu screen
,Not Recommended,286690,27316686,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cool Le Frog,"Played it for the plot , gameplay is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥( not nice and cool )"
,Recommended,286690,33186868,Posted: 3 July,all,CHICKEN,it is pretty gud my frend yvan told me thad game is gud and it is :-)
76561197976597655,Not Recommended,286690,16806255,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BOONAKER,To play this game you have to have unlimited ammo cheat or you will not have money to buy upgrades for your weapons nor will you ever have ammo. The game is like playing any other game on nightmare mode. You get to point in the game where all you do is die.
76561198015480889,Recommended,286690,18697761,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Migblorsoft,"SNAPTA!Severely underrated gem and one of the few great modern titles of our time.There is no reason this game should have a lower score than portal or HL2 or so many other games out there. You are not fully experiencing this game without maximum graphics settings. Don't bother playing this on anything less than a Radeon 290X, and the 290X is really the minimum recommended standard. Oh, and this game was supposedly designed for Nvidia cards, but Nvidia cards are severely flawed chinese scam hardware which ironically will not run this game. Hilarious how Nvidia users are being ripped off like this. I assure you it's not the games fault, but rather the Nvidia chinese scam hardware which is at fault."
,Not Recommended,286690,23429266,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Rolos,"Fighting normal humans was fun but using shotguns to fight the radiation monsters was annoying. Constat damage from leaping attacks that you can't counter unless you spray and pray it goes down without taking a chunk of your health with it. Shotguns feel like toy guns so there's that to. Don't even bother with a sale, you can do better."
,Not Recommended,286690,32703080,Posted: 23 June,all,Prkr,Get Lisa instead. Dumb alien idea.
,Not Recommended,286690,28083656,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fergus,in chapter 8 or whatever you reach a dead end and can't countinuecool game
,Not Recommended,286690,23076614,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PizzaSHARK!,"One of the worst shooters I've played, ever.  The gunplay and general combat is BEYOND horrible.  The AI is horrible.  The setting is interesting, the plot is fine, and I can't say much about the dialogue because I used the native Russian voices because the English dubs in the original version were horrible and I didn't want to risk that pain again.  The visuals are improved, including some very pretty lighting, but there are still bugs.  And did I mention the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible?  Because it seriously is.Don't waste money on this one, not even during a summer sale."
76561197974263317,Not Recommended,286690,34587880,Posted: 29 August,all,Winged Kitsune,"You know.  I reall want to like this game, buit for some unknown reason, my game keeps ending up bugged.  I can't equip a Gas Mask, can't swap weapons, and I can't pick anything up.The devs really need to fix that issue before I can recommend the Redux to anyone."
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,286690,25103957,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kuriousjorj,"Sorry, just not that good of a game.  Other shooters have done everything this game tries to do, but better.  Atmosphere, story, gameplay... just not that impressive.  Also too many times had to Alt-Tab out just to find out what to do -- and saw many others asking the same questions, which shows a problem.The librarian quest portion is total annoyance.  In fact most quests are annoying, if for no other reason that you don't really know what to do or where the quest objectives are, so you just go forward and clear everything.   The 'vision' sequences at the end were obnoxious.The game is just too monotonous and there's really nothing noteworthy or new or unique to it.Oh, and it also freezes way too much.  Had to play the last 1/3 of the game in Safe Mode."
,Recommended,286690,22931899,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Steven Johnson,"Way too dorky. Mutant rats, big black slendermen that make you go cray cray, flying demons. Nope. Not happening."
,Recommended,286690,26541349,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mr grips,"First Section. Main ProvisionsChapter 1. The Fundamentals of the Constitutional SystemArticle 1The Russian Federation - Russia is a democratic federal law-bound State with a republican form of government.The names ""Russian Federation"" and ""Russia"" shall be equal.Article 2Man, his rights and freedoms are the supreme value. The recognition, observance and protection of the rights and freedoms of man and citizen shall be the obligation of the State.Article 3The bearer of sovereignty and the only source of power in the Russian Federation shall be its multinational people.The people shall exercise their power directly, and also through the bodies of state power and local self-government.The supreme direct expression of the power of the people shall be referenda and free elections.No one may usurp power in the Russian Federation. Seizure of power or usurping state authority shall be prosecuted by federal law.Article 4The sovereignty of the Russian Federation shall cover the whole of its territory.The Constitution of the Russian Federation and federal laws shall have supremacy in the whole territory of the Russian Federation.The Russian Federation shall ensure the integrity and inviolability of its territory.Article 5The Russian Federation consists of Republics, territories, regions, cities of federal importance, an autonomous region and autonomous areas - equal subjects of the Russian Federation.The Republic (State) shall have its own constitution and legislation. The territory, region, city of federal importance, autonomous region and autonomous area shall have its charter and legislation.The federal structure of the Russian Federation is based on its state integrity, the unity of the system of state authority, the division of subjects of authority and powers between the bodies of state power of the Russian Federation and bodies of state power of the subjects of the Russian Federation, the equality and self-determination of peoples in the Russian Federation.In relations with federal bodies of state authority all the subjects of the Russian Federation shall be equal among themselves.Article 6The citizenship of the Russian Federation shall be acquired and terminated according to federal law; it shall be one and equal, irrespective of the grounds of acquisition.Every citizen of the Russian Federation shall enjoy in its territory all the rights and freedoms and bear equal duties provided for by the Constitution of the Russian Federation.A citizen of the Russian Federation may not be deprived of his or her citizenship or of the right to change it.Article 7The Russian Federation is a social State whose policy is aimed at creating conditions for a worthy life and a free development of man.In the Russian Federation the labour and health of people shall be protected, a guaranteed minimum wages and salaries shall be established, state support ensured to the family, maternity, paternity and childhood, to disabled persons and the elderly, the system of social services developed, state pensions, allowances and other social security guarantees shall be established.Article 8In the Russian Federation guarantees shall be provided for the integrity of economic space, a free flow of goods, services and financial resources, support for competition, and the freedom of economic activity.In the Russian Federation recognition and equal protection shall be given to the private, state, municipal and other forms of ownership.Article 9Land and other natural resources shall be utilized and protected in the Russian Federation as the basis of life and activity of the people living in corresponding territories.Land and other natural resources may be in private, state, municipal and other forms of ownership.Article 10The state power in the Russian Federation shall be exercised on the basis of its division into legislative, executive and judicial power. The bodies of legislative, executive and judicial power shall be independent.Article 11The state power in the Russian Federation shall be exercised by the President of the Russian Federation, the Federal Assembly (the Council of the Federation and the State Duma), the Government of the Russian Federation, and the courts of the Russian Federation.The state power in the subjects of the Russian Federation shall be exercised by the bodies of state authority created by them.The division of subjects of authority and power among the bodies of state power of the Russian Federation and the bodies of state power of the subjects of the Russian Federation shall be fixed by the given Constitution, the Federal and other treaties on the delimitation of the subjects of authority and powers.Article 12In the Russian Federation local self-government shall be recognized and guaranteed. Local self-government shall be independent within the limits of its authority. The bodies of local self-government shall not be part of the system of bodies of state authority.Article 13In the Russian Federation ideological diversity shall be recognized.No ideology may be established as state or obligatory one.In the Russian Federation political diversity and multi-party system shall be recognized.Public associations shall be equal before the law.The creation and activities of public associations whose aims and actions are aimed at a forced change of the fundamental principles of the constitutional system and at violating the integrity of the Russian Federation, at undermining its security, at setting up armed units, and at instigating social, racial, national and religious strife shall be prohibited.Article 14The Russian Federation is a secular state. No religion may be established as a state or obligatory one.Religious associations shall be separated from the State and shall be equal before the law.Article 15The Constitution of the Russian Federation shall have the supreme juridical force, direct action and shall be used on the whole territory of the Russian Federation. Laws and other legal acts adopted in the Russian Federation shall not contradict the Constitution of the Russian Federation.The bodies of state authority, the bodies of local self-government, officials, private citizens and their associations shall be obliged to observe the Constitution of the Russian Federation and laws.Laws shall be officially published. Unpublished laws shall not be used. Any normative legal acts concerning human rights, freedoms and duties of man and citizen may not be used, if they are not officially published for general knowledge.The universally-recognized norms of international law and international treaties and agreements of the Russian Federation shall be a component part of its legal system. If an international treaty or agreement of the Russian Federation fixes other rules than those envisaged by law, the rules of the international agreement shall be applied.Article 16The provisions of the present chapter of the Constitution comprise the fundamental principles of the constitutional system of the Russian Federation, and may not be changed otherwise than according to the rules established by the present Constitution.No other provision of the present Constitution may contradict the fundamental principles of the constitutional system of the Russian Federation.Chapter 2. Rights and Freedoms of Man and CitizenArticle 17In the Russian Federation recognition and guarantees shall be provided for the rights and freedoms of man and citizen according to the universally recognized principles and norms of international law and according to the present Constitution.Fundamental human rights and freedoms are inalienable and shall be enjoyed by everyone since the day of birthThe exercise of the rights and freedoms of man and citizen shall not violate the rights and freedoms of other people.Article 18The rights and freedoms of man and citizen shall be directly operative. They determine the essence, meaning and implementation of laws,"
,Recommended,286690,26256914,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,keep meaning to play but rusian
,Not Recommended,286690,23301999,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,NegroConChiva gamdom.com,"Look im only not recomending this game for people that dont play only fps.1) The saves are awfull. Checkpoints are worthless, you dont need a checkpoint when you are almost finishing the chapter, you wont get any usefull checkpoint. (I played metro lastlight on max dificult and it was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but this one actually, starts to stop being fun just because of this).2) The only way of enjoying this game is on high dificulties, so if you thought half life 2/any cod campaing was hard, dont even think about buying metro2033.3) There are many pointless parts where you will get stucked no mather how good you are, and by pointless i mean, you are walking and out of no where a mutant that takes more than half your hp out, the only way to avoid it is by restarting and well, as i said restarting is no option here, the ♥♥♥♥ing checkpoints are useless, other example is the first time you enter the battlefield between the reds and the nazis, you might have killed most of the enemies (which YOU DONT HAVE A CHOISE so, sneak? ♥♥♥♥ that sneak go all rambo), you will most likely want to loot special areas and trigger a random npc that spawns NEXT TO YOU and kills you, (and this will happen 12904712479821 times), and all over again.But if you think you can take with all of that, the game is barely enjoyable, i only play it for the story, if you want a good metro, metro last light is outstanding"
76561198120533478,Not Recommended,286690,12651817,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,LostCauseIsland(Kernal Kerm),Okay im going to start off by saying everything about the game itself is great. But lets start with the SO CALLED REDUX! DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES THIS GAME HAS CRASHED FOR ME! 6 TIMES! IM NOT EVEN HALF WAY YET! I DID SO WELL AT THIS ONE HARD PART AND THE GAME JUST CRASHES OVER AND OVER! I HAVE A GTX 770 FOR CHRIST SAKE! SILVER YOU @#$%^^ UP THIS GAME AND YOU GET BATTLE FIELD 4 STATUES FOR SENDING OUT A BROKEN GAME! GOOD JOB ON SENDING OUT A GAME WITH MICRO STUTER AND COUNTLESS CRASHES WHICH MIND YOU ONLY HAPPEN ON THIS GAME! YOU FAILED! YOU GET A ONE STAR FOR GIVING ME A GAME I CANT PLAY! WHERES THE REDUX SILVER BECAUSE THIS GAME IS JUST AS BAD AS THE LAST IF NOT WORSE! PATCH YOUR @#%^&*&%$ GAME! IM GOING TO PLAY SKYRIM NOW TO COOL OFF BECAUSE AT LEAST I KNOW THAT WORKS! @#$^% YOU SILVER! everything else about the game is sweet though the combat is awesome and the stealth is sick. Extra modes are all fun too.
76561198135989477,Not Recommended,286690,29505601,Posted: 26 January,all,Invisible Man,"Great universe and cinematic experience, sluggish gameplay.Just watch a playthrough on youtube instead.Also the originals look better than the Redux remasters."
,Not Recommended,286690,25916511,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ProGamerWill,Terrible port for mac. Don't buy it if your on a mac.
,Not Recommended,286690,11958013,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,LeBoost,"I played the original Metro 2033, and the mechanics were amazing, but in redux they make custom guns common and easy to get, military rounds are worth less, and simple things, like not having auto reload. Also, with 'Last Light, the story is laughable at times, literally, while the original '2033 is amazing. Dont buy the redux versions, buy the original for a great horror/action/stealth/story rich game."
76561197972219783,Not Recommended,286690,11881872,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,TK-42Juan,"Edit: I did not see any patching, unless it was patched along with a STEAM  update. Just for the heck of it. I tested both games tonight. Lo and behold! both games work now! Good on 4A to fix things.I hope other people who had the same issue as me have the games working now. Playing the first part of 2033 Redux reminds me of the original Metro LL in terms of graphics, and the game seems smoother than the original. I still had to hack the config files to fix the crappy FOV. Just like the originals.So I'll only recommend both games for people who haven't played the Metro Series before. BUT with caution!Initial Review:I have both Redux games. They both crash after the cell-shaded intro. The original Metro 2033 had the same issue. But the fix does not work on the Redux versions. 4A should havea done a BETTER job with QA the SECOND time re-releasing a game. I thought it was just ATI cards, but NVIDIA cards are affected by this physx issue! I am not alone in this, 38 pages and counting!http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/34095684719760376/#p1So buyer beware. I hope they fix this, but then again they didn't fix it the first time around! I guess I'll count myself as a sucker for buying twice eh!"
,Not Recommended,286690,11901635,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,Game is awesome if you are able to load it and play it without it crashing at startup. I was playing just fine for hours and then it suddenly crashes my computer and it reboots. Thought it was a fluke so I started again and it immediately crashes. Unable to play the game I just bought. Waste of $50 it seems.
,Not Recommended,286690,28727406,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mob,"Its sad, because I was really excited to play this... When I started playing, I recieved terrible frames even though my pc can handle it 100%! Don't believe me, I can run Battlefield 1 on ultra with 90 frames, I can run this on ultra with 30 to 40 frames. Dissapointing :("
,Not Recommended,286690,24098531,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Phil,"It got to a point where I didn't knew where to go or what to do, so I abandoned the game. It lacks a sense of objective. If you just wanna kill stuff in a metro station in Russia then this game might be for you. 1/10"
,Not Recommended,286690,32641530,Posted: 22 June,all,iambecomesausage,"starts slow (i hate that♥♥♥♥♥♥ to build atmosphere and story, cant skip cutscenes ( i hate that♥♥♥♥♥♥.  I prefer the orignal look to metro 2033.if you really want to get metro 2033, look into the original game... its visual style compliments the story and atmosphere better than the redux version.WARNING::::this game starts slow, slower paced throughout campaign, stealth is encouraged, and you cant skip cutscenes!!!!!!!  play on harder difficulties for more fun."
,Not Recommended,286690,16356396,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Krumbo,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥the physX doesnt look like borderlands 2 physxand interactable slippery♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt fly out of public toilets, there are also no guns lying in random loot crates and theres no MOXXI what a ♥♥♥♥ing trash can amiritewow this game is a -3/10 dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,286690,22565602,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mario52fb4,i will not recommend it because (Bad control system)
,Recommended,286690,30713276,Posted: 24 March,all,PICKLE RICK,GOOD GAME but i cant play it right now because my GPU is weak ill buy a stronger one in summeri recommend this game!!!
76561198001499705,Not Recommended,286690,20991736,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dr. OBGynecologist,"To quote Chandler from Friends, ""That was one of the worst things ever...""  That should adequately describe how I feel about this game.I'll admit that a lot of what I absoloutely hated about this game is subjective.  Someithing like the story, which I thought was an interesting concept, but just terribly executed is something that is obviously subjective and if you like the story I won't try to argue with you.  But there were some seriously terrible things that even someone who loves this game has to admit.  Things like sound assets playing too early or too late completely take me out of the immersion to the point where I'm just making fun of the game while I play it.  In what I assume to be the scariest part of the game (Library) all of the sounds of the Librarians were off by 1 or 2 seconds to the point where I literally wasn't scared or even nervous.  The sound asset problem also caused me to miss crucial information.  To use the same situation, before entering the Library when Miller, or whoever the ♥♥♥♥ character was with me was supposed to warn me about the Librarians, but in the middle of telling me how to deal with them another in-game cutscene cut him off so I was unable to learn how to make Librarians stay away.  I was forced to google how to deal with them in order to make it through that level.  There were also times when I'd be walking around a non-hostile area like a metro station only to hear the sound of a punch or something, when nothing was happening that looked like a fight.  Or even the part where that random deadman walking was chopping wood.... The wood would break and then a second later the sound asset would play....  Seriously, who the ♥♥♥♥ playtested this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?The terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't just stop there though, Terrible controls and terrible optimization are some more objectively awful things about this♥♥♥♥♥♥ass game.  What else can I bring up....?  Oh yeah don't you just love how the NPCs will just walk off without you and continue to talk even when there are some side alleys or side tunnels to explore so you miss even more story?  Well, if your answer was yes then you should definitely get this game and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.  It's like the game developers were thinking that it would be cool to have some offshoots for the player to explore for some extra loot but at the same time thinking that if the player chooses to go through the offshoot that they would miss crucial story information.  GOD I ♥♥♥♥ING DESPISED THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME....I've got even more.  How about the ♥♥♥♥ing compas that's supposed to point you in the right direction but just leads you straight into a wall half the time?  Eh?  No, yeah no ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥thats dumb.Another thing.  I literally cared about no characters in this entire game.  The only interesting characters were the Dark Ones who were only in it for 10% of the game...  When Bourbon died all I was asking was why he didn't shoot that guy that was clearly about to shoot him.  I mean. he had a gun and was pointing it at the ♥♥♥♥er on the ground who was reaching for his and then aiming and then shooting.  I think I just laughed and asked, ""Why didn't you just shoot him?  You idiot.""  How the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to care about characters that have awful diologue, terrible animations and names that I cannot even remember and who don't act like real humans?Hmmmm.... One more thing, the in-game cinematics are awful, I would be willing to say that at least 90% of the time when something happened in a cutscene I couldn't even tell what happened because the dumb camera moved too ♥♥♥♥ing fast.  I just don't understand how this game could have a ""Very Positive"" rating with all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing terrible it's laughable.One final thing, I promise, I think.  There were some completely illogical things happening in this dumb♥♥♥♥♥game.  For instance if we (the players) are supposed to believe that we travel through these tunnels with mine carts or whatever the vehicle things are, then why was there that section of tunnel where a broken down subway train was blocking the tracks between two stations?  How did they ever travel between the two stations if they couldn't drive past the broken subway car??????????????????????????? AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!By the end of the game I was just praying for it to be over, but I got a lot of pleasure out of watching as Artyum or however the ♥♥♥♥ you spell the ♥♥♥♥er's name fall off the tower without so much as a whimper.  Who the hell falls off a 100+ foot tall building and just grunts as he lets go of the ♥♥♥♥ing ledge????  Answer: NO ONE!I have a lot of friends who swear by this game and claim its one of the best they;ve ever played.  I......JUST.....DON'T.....GET.....IT!  This game is terrible, that is all...  DON'T BUY IT!!!  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PRETTY ♥♥♥♥ING PLEASE..."
76561197991763078,Not Recommended,286690,30766419,Posted: 26 March,all,kennethcola,"Slow playing, I don't even know where to go in the stage. WAste of time walking around between battle scenes! No clues.. everything is dark. Do I have to watch a walk though just to move on?"
,Not Recommended,286690,31670693,Posted: 10 May,all,NO1RE,"No offense but this game is hella boring. I don't know why. I love survival games but this one just doesn't do it for me. Maybe the catoonish graphics, very limited selections of weapons, and uninteresting maps might be the cause of it."
,Not Recommended,286690,28776038,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bocc Kob,"Crappy shooting, movement, gimmicky weirdness, and it runs terribly."
,Recommended,286690,32363178,Posted: 12 June,all,[     ],graphics like cod mw3 and play like fallout its fun
,Not Recommended,286690,34335705,Posted: 18 August,all,rustypup,"IT'S A TRAP!I know this game is great. I know it's graphically superior to the release. I know it's chock full of content and fascinating consequences. I believe it is superior in many ways to the original release. I understand it is infested with extra pixels and smoke effects.However the phenomenal, almost mystical, failure of the game to run under windows 10 prevents me from experiencing this.No. Reinstalling everything, including your OS, graphics drivers, sound card and the entire universe will not fix this.No. Mucking around with your PC, it's drivers, registry, settings or sexual orientation will not fix this.No. Mucking around with back-level DirectX, PhysX or VC will not fix this.No, mucking around with game specific configs, the planetary alignment or Jerry Spunkmeyer's political leanings will not fix this.The game is now, effectively, a black hole into which you can toss your cash.As additional features go, this is - without a doubt- a not-winner. You don’t get to enjoy the ""game as it was meant to be played"".  Instead you get to run the EXE and.. .do nothing.Congrats!  You're enjoying the true hardcore play-through! Now that's an experience!"
76561198069228277,Recommended,286690,22921881,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TinumbaMan,cool game
76561198052305101,Not Recommended,286690,29404918,Posted: 21 January,all,JimBob,If you can't save a game then it is pointless.
,Not Recommended,286690,33621816,Posted: 17 July,all,Sato,crashes too much unplayble
76561198080662537,Not Recommended,286690,32418528,Posted: 14 June,all,GoldenEagle,The most horrible AI that I have ever endured. Huge dissapointment for me.
,Not Recommended,286690,25220055,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WANG DONG,im not going to lie this is definitly me when im driving
,Not Recommended,286690,31240814,Posted: 19 April,all,BlankaPlayer,"Painfully averageDon't believe the steam reviews. A post apocalyptic masterpiece this is not. This is a bog-standard linear FPS.The gameplay is pretty standard. You have no interesting abilities or weapons at all. Most of your time is spent shooting through areas of monsters to get to the next story beat. You've even got your half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stealth sections and boring turret segments. The ""Scavenging"" element is pointless. The linearity of the levels mean most supplies are placed right in front of you or very nearby. You will never have a problem with ammo or resources, even on hard mode.I will say, the environments you travel through are by far the best element of the game. Some of the stations you visit have a crazy amount of detail in them and the above ground sections look beautiful and always feel like a big deal. The game has some seriously great graphics and lighting effects.In terms of story it ends up a really bland Chosen One story complete with boring characters and worse voice acting. Nothing you are doing throughout the game is explained and none of the characters are developed. I didn't give the slightest♥♥♥♥♥♥when any character died. They even try the whole show the end at the beginning thing but it's pulled off very badly.I normally prefer more focused, linear games but this is one that would have been a lot better as open world. Exploring the underground and traveling from station to station, popping up to the surface every now and then would suit open world a lot more than the restricted game it ended up as.5/10"
76561198341738152,Not Recommended,286690,32793420,Posted: 25 June,all,Hentai,I unfortunate cannot play this game due to the fact that the X and Y sensitivity is different.This means that looking up and down is sluggish and slow while looking left and right is fast and too responsive.
,Not Recommended,286690,22923173,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sammy Hayden,♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat tbh.
76561198123595965,Not Recommended,286690,12926543,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Zaboo,The character and other textures won't load properly with Intel HD 3000. Tech support says they will not be updating this to fix it. I did a lot of research on it an it seems that it is stuck this way. If you have the same graphics card o yourself a favor and don't bother downloading this.
,Not Recommended,286690,32809446,Posted: 26 June,all,TH4DD3U5,"I have played FPS before but Metro 2033 managed to be the one where I had no Idea where to go or what to do.Played for a couple of hours or so and the ""demons""  threw me around and I had no idea how to get away from them. One can only keep loading the last checkpoint before getting frustrated.They're invulnerable I guess. I don't know. But if I have to google to understand how to get rid of them after dying a bunch of times. Then the game has already failed me. Even on the lowest difficulty.The Objectives/Compass/Pad/lighter thing was annoying too. You have to press and hold the M key then do a right click to look at the objective and the compass. Then press and hold M again to get back to the game.The nosalis attack in numbers and you cannot kill two without reloading your weapon.You kill one and the others keep clawing you until you reload take the medikit and start shooting. That just didn't feel right.Probably the only FPS I've played that I uninstalled so quickly.Edit: Added a few more things that annoyed me. I really wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,286690,17768605,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Col,Metro 2033 Redux is a nice game for me but it is a little bit hard and scary. Other chapters are raging.
,Not Recommended,286690,35152234,Posted: 23 September,all,Jorgecko,"I heard a lot of good things about this game. I thought it would be an unforgettable experience but ended up being a mediocre one.The good things: atmosphere and gameplay. Light effects and sounds are great too.The bad ones:-Poorly driven story. It's just bad, really bad.-The dialogues are lame.-Character development is nonexistent.-Connections between chapters break any immersion feeling.-It's boring and uninspired. I understand that shooters were another thing years ago but this game is another FPS with a good atmosphere.-Stealth sections needed more work.IT IS a good game. Maybe you will like it. I just don't recommend it.PS: If you've read the books don't expect their narrative quality in this game. Also, the story told in the game is different. In fact, it has almost nothing to do with the novel."
76561198184976402,Not Recommended,286690,26551336,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ج,worst fps i've ever played in MY ♥♥♥♥IN LIFE
76561198135655671,Not Recommended,286690,32484289,Posted: 16 June,all,Tommy1703 (Skinhub.com),did not play it beacuse there wasn't an fov slider. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,286690,23791951,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Digital-Emotions,If you have a 2013 Mac with a 750M DONT GET THIS! its broken...
,Recommended,286690,33155223,Posted: 2 July,all,Halendir The Dane,.
,Not Recommended,286690,29774606,Posted: 7 February,all,Ethical Capitalism,"Game doesn't work. First time I opened it, the sound was weirdly high pitched and metalic (imagine a train screeching). When I closed and reopened the I got an 'unsuccesful launch' which prompted me to try safe mode.The game doesn't open now, even after I restart my PC."
76561198168874906,Not Recommended,286690,33405905,Posted: 9 July,all,At0mic,.
76561198039569931,Not Recommended,286690,33390100,Posted: 8 July,all,ObjectQueen,"I simpy could not get into this game. I only played about 45 minutes before I just gave up. The character models look ridiculous and the audio is garbage. When I got to the station after the starting zone, I encountered a kid who I though must be some kind of mutant because of his weird, deep voice. The gunplay wasn't fun, the tutorial sucked, and I ran into a cutscene every five minutes. I just couldn't stand it."
,Recommended,286690,33573197,Posted: 15 July,all,fuck,"I have some mixed feelings about this game. Graphically, it's stunning, especially with maxed out graphics. However, the game itself feels too linear for my liking. It failed to really capture my attention.However, it was 2.49. and for that price, it's ok. The gunplay itself is very fun, and the different types of enemies is a great step-up from AAA games these days.It's decent. Get it for 2.49. If I had paid even a cent more It'd be a thumbs down from me."
76561198090250588,Not Recommended,286690,30320101,Posted: 4 March,all,Kim-Jung Madness,Doesn't work at all on nvidia graphics card. Goes into a 1440x480 resolution then i go to change it and there's no value. So ♥♥♥♥ this version
76561198272082092,Not Recommended,286690,33682297,Posted: 20 July,all,Bone Brigade,I can't pick up the first wepon in the game.I know what the interaction key is and pressing that doesn't work and running into the desk to hopefully pick it up doesn't either so as of now the game is unplable for me.
,Not Recommended,286690,32662189,Posted: 22 June,all,silly!mansam,Glad I didn't pay for this game. This game fails in comparison to the original one. The lighting and coloring is really flat and less dynamic. The animations are really derpy. NPC that help you fight actually get in your way preventing you from being able to fire. The moral system takes away from the original concept forcing you to do non-lethal takedowns to be good. The game does run better than the original partly due to the lack of texture and lighting. Game forces full screen and disable windows functions like volume control. This was clearly a money grab since THQ had been liquidated. I hope they abandon this laziness and do good with Metro exodusI would just buy the original game. Don't waste your time on any of the redux games.
76561198207877879,Not Recommended,286690,24111472,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OwenJones,hi
76561198118515168,Not Recommended,286690,33061151,Posted: 30 June,all,Number 1,"Checkpoint system sucks. Random cheese grenade one shot traps in nonsense places. The ""Story"" drags you from one shooting gallery to another, imagine Call Of Duty Campain where you cant see anything and the combat mechanics are a quarter as good."
,Not Recommended,286690,24561735,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,🥃Uncle Bourbon,nope.
,Not Recommended,286690,30746703,Posted: 26 March,all,TheCreeperIV | Exhausted,"If anything, I suggest reading through Book trilogy instead.."
,Not Recommended,286690,28677995,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MR.R0B0T,"Good game, but gets very intense and very boring. Wouldn't recommend this because of some in-game things that weren't great, but It's an aight game. 2/5 Stars. This game has it ups (very few) and downs (quite a few) but it is an OK game for the price."
,Not Recommended,286690,33584080,Posted: 16 July,all,A ColaRaisin,"Don't waste money on this, you just randomly loose your save file and there is no way to recover it. Poorly made piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,286690,30418567,Posted: 9 March,all,f_osva,"Potato graphics, Potato performance even on a GTX 1070 this♥♥♥♥♥♥should be running at 4k60fps without troube"
76561197989211211,Not Recommended,286690,11874777,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,GGsorryGLnextime,"DONT BUY IT, the voice of the original metro game is gone, they took the awful voice of metro last ligth into metro 2033. Better graphics, but u dont feel the atmosphere anymore."
76561198016606633,Not Recommended,286690,28353410,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ye nah ye nah yeyeye nah ye nah,Story is fantastic but the gameplay is so frustrating that I just can't play it anymore
,Not Recommended,286690,25701075,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Verrufen,"I bought this after having seen footage of the original metro 2033. A lot of what I saw in the gameplay of that game is missing here.small touches like the lasers appearing as red lines emanating from your gun, only having 2 guns - rather than 2 and a revolver - and the god damn terrible changes to the voice actors - I have no idea what happened, but that surprised me to no end when I picked up this game.This game would have been excellent if it was just a straight graphical improvement with some minor gameplay tweaking. it seems the publishers aside from being greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ are also bloody imbeciles."
76561198135526089,Not Recommended,286690,32953964,Posted: 28 June,all,Suprabad1,This is the most boring game I have ever played.UPDATE: So I put like 6 hours into the game all of which were boring and I basically quit right before meeting the librarian in the library. After which the last 2 hours of the game was action packed/fun. I still do not recommend buying this game and would suggest buying Metro Last Light instead as it is a way better game.
,Not Recommended,286690,11882283,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,UltraDoom,"Well, I enjoyed the first 2033 but this one won't work. It crashes to the desktop as the menu tries to load every time, many users have had this problem. Hopefully this will be fixed soom but as of right now I can't even run the benchmarking tool. I am running Win 8 Pro, 965 BE, 760SLI, 8Gb ram. Hopefully this issue gets solved soon."
,Not Recommended,286690,14709480,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,theenvioustoad,this game is horrible i want my money back
76561198119492310,Not Recommended,286690,26570210,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Euan,"Despite offering ""full controller support"" this game does not work with my xbox 360 wired controller. My controller works with other games however this game is flawed and it doesn't recognise any controller as being connected. They should be ashamed to sell this game in the knowledge that a large majority of controller users will be unable to play it. Despite this blatant false advertising I know there is 0 chance of ever recieving any kind of refund."
76561198021265841,Not Recommended,286690,11894115,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,kgunslinger13,iv had a bunch of problems with this game so far the pach meseed up my save and the lghting is really odd also im stuck at the library level cuz millers not showing up so now i have to restart
76561198353242802,Not Recommended,286690,30757641,Posted: 26 March,all,funkypalooza,Broken controlls on macOS Sierra - unplayable.
76561198300818455,Not Recommended,286690,26345191,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,slowsnow,"MacBook Pro RetinaNvidia Geforce 750M 2GB16GB RAM512GB SSDCore i7< 10 FPSThis game is unplayable, pure slideshow even on lowest settings possible."
76561198093049047,Not Recommended,286690,28848961,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cjtreacy,Holy crap what a slow story line.
76561198028096421,Not Recommended,286690,23599978,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Web_smurf,"Bugs, Bugs and more Bugs. So many bugs... the game is great until something bugs out."
,Recommended,286690,19707576,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Frendle,"This game is packed full of russian accents.  While that alone gets it a 10/10, it also happens to be a really good stealth and shooting game.  If you like creeping around in dark, oppressive environments plinking people in the head, and fighting off hordes of bloodthirsty mutant monsters, you'll like this game.Pro-tip: Always have a shotgun within arms reach, and watch your back."
76561198063624247,Not Recommended,286690,23782792,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Multi,Adding a laser sight to a weapon removes the hipfire reticle.Along with enemy spam to add artificial difficulty.This is some 343i level cancer here.
,Not Recommended,286690,34871140,Posted: 10 September,all,I'm into Champagne,metro 2069 reduxbtw this game is very nice
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,286690,33563262,Posted: 15 July,all,Nemoto,bad game
,Not Recommended,286690,31869945,Posted: 20 May,all,Headshot.to.you,"Nice try, but many bugs and POOR save game system makes this a looser."
,Not Recommended,286690,34016245,Posted: 4 August,all,Kieran,"Boring game with clunky combat and a batshit insane story. There are obvious glaring issues such as crashing, low fps and other broken mechanics. Would not recommend at full price."
,Not Recommended,286690,29202242,Posted: 12 January,all,koljaw0w,"It's completly beyond me, why this game is so popular. The gameplay is Call of Duty-Esque but the level design is encouraging you to play it like a stealth game. But the stealth system is completly underdeveloped.No variety in the level design, no interesting story, not a single likeable character...And by the way, the game looks utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥and ugly.Waste of my time."
76561198040538972,Not Recommended,286690,30061191,Posted: 20 February,all,karhu,>Triple A game>Benchmark title>FOV locked to 45 degreesNice meme.
,Not Recommended,286690,34030035,Posted: 4 August,all,Spicyflower,I had this one in my sights for quite a while because I loved STALKER and it looked pretty similar.Too bad its fairly mediocre. Its just a linear Russian corridor simulator with pretty graphics and no replay value. You can beat this game under 10 hours easily  and never have a reason to go back.
,Not Recommended,286690,25529555,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,iandravid,"Laggy, and crashed often. Even on the lowest graphics settings, I was unable to get a decent playing experience. A bit disappointed with this purchase."
76561198093519200,Not Recommended,286690,22948198,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mr. Marsellus Wallace,Total waste of money. Thankfully I bought it when it was on sale but its was terrible. Im using a driver with an xbox 360 controller to play and some of the presets dont work... DONT BUY. Or at least if the creators could fix it that would be helpful. I thought it has potential to be great but with some buttons like my inventory and aiming not working when I try to fix the presets it wasnt worth it to me. If it would have worked im sure it would have been a great game though.
,Not Recommended,286690,23363287,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,El Spacko,The game is boring its just another generic first person shooter which is a shame because it has an interesting story and a cool theme....
76561198059547897,Not Recommended,286690,23798243,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PFC Gillespie [29th ID],"This game would be worth it.If it had windowed mode. Seriously. Some people can't play on fullscreen mode. At all. It wouldn't even be that hard to put in.Sure, you can set it to windowed mode by going into the user.cfg file and changing it, but there's a tiny little thing at the bottom that flashes, and it is incredibly distracting.There's no native windowed borderless. And that's what kills this."
76561198021849517,Not Recommended,286690,34407846,Posted: 21 August,all,theo1271,"The game play drags on for too long, like a boring movie that you are waiting and waiting for something interesting to happen.  The mechanics are poor and antequated.  After trying to get into this game for a few hours, I finally had to put it down as a lost cause.  A real waste of money."
76561198171224271,Not Recommended,286690,31942711,Posted: 24 May,all,Serag,Gasmasks are ruining the game for me. I have arrived at the point where I can't progress because I'm suffocating. It kills my enjoyment for the game. Looks like I won't be finishing this game because of this...
76561198064094533,Not Recommended,286690,12548077,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,pitmoggy,"pure garbage,no story,not as good as metro last light"
,Not Recommended,286690,33776000,Posted: 24 July,all,hooman,+ Good graphics+ Good weapons- Boring story- Same enemies- Repetitive gameplay- Characters always die- Bullets as money- The game just plain sucks
76561198012683684,Not Recommended,286690,11892689,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Chaos Rising,"As I have been unable to access the true potential of this game this review is not complete.That being said, the reason for the above is due to a presistent crash on start-up error that I have been encountering.I will not recomend this game untill the many technical issues present are fixed, and the publishers appologize for their fradulent tactics in enticing persons to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,286690,33075881,Posted: 1 July,all,.Cry,I have a GTX 1070 and my CPU is clocked at 4.2GHZ... Game runs on 30fps max with high settings.
76561198054967916,Not Recommended,286690,30226736,Posted: 27 February,all,maxchavers,If I wanted to watch a video I would have bought one. No free play. Anyway to get my money back
76561198176320838,Not Recommended,286690,22930159,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,juliansalaun,It is not working with PS4 controler as good as a three legged horse....
76561198043835895,Not Recommended,286690,32372723,Posted: 12 June,all,The8347135,"Unless you have read the books. The characters are complete strangers and there is zero backstory for anyone. No exposition. Completely out of place music during loading screen makes me feel like I'm watching a pawn shop-reality show. The graphics are okay, the guns feel like they have no weight behind them."
76561198031107223,Not Recommended,286690,11891424,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Vaegan,The ♥♥♥♥ing game doesnt launch!! What the thell is WRONG with u idiots???
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,286690,26644294,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"Not sure what Iam doing or where Iam going. This game is too linear and confusing, hardly know what Iam doing and can't explore on my own, Iam always following someone else around or in some vehicle.Don't like that you can't save or reload whenever you want. There is only auto save and reload from last checkpoint if you die.I got to Lost tunnels followed Bourbon and  he's turning the wheel to open a gate and all of a sudden I get weird cutscenes and my character falls to the ground gasping and dies, think it's something to do with the gas mask and then reload from last checkpoint and the same thing happens, Iam stuck. This is frustrating and annoying as it reloads just before I die and I can't do anything to fix it as you only get one reload checkpoint.That really pisses me off, not worth wasting my time on this.I don't like this game at all, it's strange like Iam just in some movie I barely have any control over.The only good thing about the game is the atmosphere but  I hate this game otherwise, it's just horrible and frustrating and not fun at all.I got both Metro games in a bundle for 90% off. I expect Last Light will be more of the same rubbish.Absolutely terrible game experience, Can't recommend at all. 0/10"
76561198023260098,Not Recommended,286690,11890767,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Madara Uchiha,Bricht Dauernt ab!
,Not Recommended,286690,31246913,Posted: 19 April,all,KoolKidzKlub,"Metro 2033 is a good game, but it is unplayable due to lack of support for newer graphics cards. My $1000 beast does not push above 30 fps. 30 fps is not acceptable in 2017."
76561198327835778,Not Recommended,286690,34125060,Posted: 9 August,all,•|i|• Ø i+! ].[,"Not gonna lie, this was boring asf. 😂😂😂"
,Not Recommended,286690,28879664,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪Burn,The Most Lag Spiked Game I've Ever Seen...Every 2 Steps There Is Lag Spikes.....
,Not Recommended,286690,25660076,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Katzh,"This game is a first person shooter, console bad port. The X/Y axis don't have same sensitivity, so can't aim with this..Your character have some wierd behavior, like slow down when you run near a wall. FOV is set at 50, for console, and if you dare change it to 90, you'll get some hard glitches.No, I can't even start enjoy the game from the beggining."
76561198080784842,Not Recommended,286690,31497730,Posted: 1 May,all,Ňot,sucks
76561198023212206,Not Recommended,286690,24230328,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BaronVonGandalf,TOTAL RUBBISH
,Not Recommended,286690,23768607,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,goblin,Utterly miserable optimization on world record levels.Avoid like plague unless your past time hobbies include sticking yourself in the eye with various kitchen utensils and playing games that are equally fun due to megastuttering.
,Not Recommended,286690,32306713,Posted: 9 June,all,✪KNIGHT,"BURN!!!! BURN!!! I got 2 1080 graphic card and it's still overheat to 90c. I am sad, I wanted to play this game but the overheating is putting me off."
76561198070049006,Not Recommended,286690,11879732,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,brianmurigu,poor development logic...
,Not Recommended,286690,31027097,Posted: 8 April,all,Dogester :3,its in russia 0/5
,Not Recommended,286690,26035841,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Coppyhop,"Unfortunately as much as I loved the game at first, it crashed way too much and it actually deleted itself off my hard drive, I would stay away as the developers couldn't care less."
76561198036181849,Not Recommended,286690,29957818,Posted: 16 February,all,ElCabrito,"Disappointing. Bad graphics, in my opinion. Crappy gameplay."
76561198028638924,Not Recommended,286690,28150739,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,alyssamaree,Will not run on my Mac. Waste of money.
76561198030937485,Not Recommended,286690,22835607,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Odoacer,"I have tried to play this game but it crashes everytime it starts.  When I wanted to review it, it would not let me as I did not have 5 minutes playing the game.  So, I launched it a few dozen times watching it crash over and over and over and over and over (you get the idea) again just to log a few additional second to get to the magical 5 minute mark.Obviously, this is not a game I would recommend.  Sad too as I loved the basic Metro game before these Redux versions got it pulled.  My recommendation is to avoid."
76561198082560884,Not Recommended,286690,34660621,Posted: 1 September,all,YO MAMA,Story so boring i'd rather learn history.
,Not Recommended,286690,25449048,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,codermjb,"This game is practically impossible to play. You can pick up ammo and you can't use it, the checkpoints are spaced a part very far, and they have creatures that are impossible to kill. You also have to wear a gas mask that expires after a certain amount of time."
76561198283406814,Not Recommended,286690,32374249,Posted: 12 June,all,GhastHast,Atmosphere:8/10Gameplay:5/10Graphics:6/10Difficulty:7/10Combat:2/10
,Not Recommended,286690,32219276,Posted: 6 June,all,Lucifer 💤,"Really boring, you can't play a lot of this game since it just gets ♥♥♥♥ing boring :/ The story line sucks the views are nice, voice acting FORGET ABOUT IT! It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got both of those games in a bundle for like $5 the other metro♥♥♥♥♥♥it was horrible1/10"
76561198117760235,Not Recommended,286690,32350779,Posted: 11 June,all,Skarp Hulduson,They say this game is Mac-compatible. They lie.
76561198299210932,Not Recommended,286690,23564908,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,nyosmar05,this game sucks
76561198018096684,Not Recommended,286690,23757157,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mfedyaev1,"Uplayable with any settings in OS X, MBP mid-2014 16GB Nvidia 750m"
76561198034432253,Not Recommended,286690,30403011,Posted: 8 March,all,dannidy,"Only head shots kill.That's all.(EDIT)Just had a fan-boy tell me that i couldn't hit moving targets,so I guess it's about opinions and a$$hole$."
,Not Recommended,286690,33165550,Posted: 2 July,all,Combine Branco,"Doesn't work on a ordinary pc. It's not everyone that have enough money to buy an above average pc, specially considering a country with a high inequality and high unemployment, like Brazil.A game can be great with a good plot,  good gameplay and below average graphics, the opposite is not true."
,Recommended,286690,23805414,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,VADEEEM,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
76561198366212376,Not Recommended,286690,32376271,Posted: 12 June,all,Callofduty9971 (G.E.W.P),horrible game cant even get past teh first level
,Not Recommended,286690,30695021,Posted: 23 March,all,anime,Half of all the models were missing.(Edit: not recommended for low spec players)
76561198011769116,Not Recommended,286690,26035900,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,wmelpaul,"At five bucks, I still dont' think it is worth buying.  Boring storyline, choppy, inconsistent game play.  Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,286690,32371730,Posted: 12 June,all,pingas4me,"This game is a pretty bad take on popular FPS games such as Borderlands and such. It gives you 2 gamemodes. One is supposedly ""survival,"" while the other is ""spartan"" Spartan mode is basically like Borderlands, but without any sidequests, creativity, gun shops, etc. Survival mode is SAID to give you the feel of an FPS survival game, but in reality, it's the same as spartan, except you aren't given much ammo, which is the exact oppsite of what a FPS should be. Plus, the atmosphere is very dark, gloomy, and for a post-apocalyptic game, very apocalyptic. I do not reccomend you get this game unless you have a knack for a mysterious and deppressing storyline, because this game, sadly, doesn't revolve around FPS."
76561198072820157,Not Recommended,286690,26030452,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,greenlanterndol,"This game does not have full control support, If you are willing to use the keyboard and mouse to (mostly watch) a movie/game, this one is for you!Edit: I have found this game virtually unplayable with the Steam controller. My last remark was mistook, I did enjoy the game with keyboard and mouse! Thumbs down for controller"
76561198117307067,Not Recommended,286690,11949759,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Piano God,no because i cant even freaking open it it just chooses to shut down like a blatch
76561198000958871,Not Recommended,286690,22887969,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cannon Fodder,"The graphics are beautiful, the guns are cool and the story is great, but the gameplay is just bad. The sneaking mechanic is broken, and AI is a joke. If I'm going to play a russian, post-apocalyptic game I'm going to play STALKER (which this game clearly borrowed from anyway)."
,Not Recommended,286690,30713598,Posted: 24 March,all,dolan,game's so boring. nothing innovative. u bascily just go around shootin stuff.  also the graphics are terrible and for some reason the game wants u to run cutting edge GPU otherwise u get like 4 fps in low settings.played for like 3 hours and stopped cuz it was borin me to death
,Not Recommended,286690,22903868,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gachiBASS,>already set the launch option to -w 800 -h 600>already set the compability to windows 7>already set to run as admin>already set the user config resolution in game dir folder to 1366 and 768>already set target location on shortcut with -w>run the game>mfw it's still out of range>tfw i refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥>tfw still rich
,Not Recommended,286690,32371496,Posted: 12 June,all,KENOS /N/,THIS GAME IS CANCER DONT EVER BUY IT 0/10
,Not Recommended,286690,22919085,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD,artyom hey artyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom artyom artyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyomartyom
76561197972659370,Recommended,286690,30480848,Posted: 12 March,all,Tactiwhaa,"A. ♥♥♥♥ing. Mazing.  Half-Life 2, but Russian."
76561198043713168,Recommended,286690,11980069,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Creamy,"UPDATE: The game no longer crashes for me, so I'm changing to recommended.Crashes CONSTANTLYI love the graphics, gameplay, story, and general feel of Metro 2033, but I cannot recommend the game at this point seeing as you can barely even play it. Plenty of people (including me) still have major crashing errors even after the Sept. 4 update.I'm currently on the librarian level, which is intense, scary, and very difficult, but every time I die I have to launch the game all over again because it crashes while trying to load the checkpoint.Besides the crashing, this game is almost perfect (the unskippable intro is still the longest I've ever seen). Please fix it."
,Recommended,286690,12182514,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Demon of Razgriz,"Game runs great, looks beautiful. only problem, at this time while I write this, It does not support SLI and dedicated a Physx card"
76561197976774517,Recommended,286690,11977523,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,dylansdad1,"A huge disappointment. If you own the original, & really like it, don't waste your time with this 'console optimized' cash in. The gunplay is dodgy at best, sometimes a foe will go down with 2 hits, at others you'll pump a full clip in & they'll get up again !!!  Mutants are now extremely overpowered, while human foes are♥♥♥♥♥♥weak, running blindly into choke points to be mowed down, braindead AI. Replaying mutant attacks over & over soon becomes tedious & frustrating,, at all skill levels.  I run a Core2 8400 & GTX660 & this game looks worse than the original, framerate is basically the same but lighting, shadows & textures look 'off'.  I spent a solid amount of time there, 3/4 through achievements,, but now so dismayed I rebooted the original,, at Ranger Hardcore, & I feel I'm home,,, back in the Metro."
76561197973790372,Recommended,286690,11977977,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Game0n360,very satisfying game. does have its share of bugs and crashes but still i must say its one of the better looking games on pc minus the character models. the lightening and enviroments are spectacular
,Recommended,286690,11980777,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Appylol,"Epic game. Great story, amazing graphics, good mechanics, lots of atmosphere and charm, a wide arsenal of unique and interesting weapons.  Can get quite scary at times.Best single player fps I've played for quite a while, 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,11981381,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Raven,"Metro 2033 was a bench-marker for beauty back in the day, console just didn't do it justice, now here we are a couple of years down the line, and in a word I would describe it as ""Stunning"".The devs got a lot of stick over the price of the game initially, but upon release and playing the game, I can see why. The sheer scale of what was accomplished here was amazing, taking an already amazing game and putting it on an engine that is one hundred times better was a dream come true for me.Survival and action blended into one game that I cannot express enough positivity for.A game for anyone who is a fan of the STALKER franchise, or anyone looking for a horror/action/survival hybrid"
76561198053268861,Recommended,286690,11981913,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Skeet,"Graphics are very nice, but hard to run on max. Still runs well on medium graphics and is able to still look good. I get tired of some single player games easily, and this is a game I will be playing a lot of. Story and voice acting is very high quality, and there is no fake russian voices (which is good because the game is themed in a russian area). Difficulty can get quite hard at certain parts unless you plan out some actions. Artyom, this game is a good one.Got robbed by a hooker.9/10"
76561198097008056,Recommended,286690,11983403,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Birdseeds,Cabbage medul. Bourban. Seenging Paipes.  A gem of the 7th generation of gaming and a masterpiece of a true FPS survival horror video game.
,Recommended,286690,12035062,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,chrisch,"Disclaimer: don't be fooled by the 1.2 hrs play time. I played the game while having no internet connection but logged in on steam on another pc during that time, so steam seems to have messed it up a bit but I finished it after about 10 hours. Also I didn't play the original Metro 2033 game so I won't refer to it in this review. On a side note, I played the game on non-hardcore ranger mode.Overall I had a pleasant experience and the gloomy atmosphere pulled me in for several hours straight (I tend to get bored easily, so that's a good thing).Technical stuff: I think I don't need to say much about the graphical fidelity... 4A Games did a fantastic job here. High res textures, incredible lighting and well designed, detailed environments. They also optimized the game quite well: I was able to play it on maxed out settings on an i5 2500K with a Radeon 7950 OC and had 40-60+ fps depending on the scene. The audio was done very well: music and ambient tunes always fit, weapons sound great and monsters scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you with their howls and screams. I decided to play the game with russian voiceovers because the english voice actors are just awful. Not just in this game but the Stalker series suffered from this as well. Be warned though: the game has no subtitles for ambient chatter, which kind of removes some of the immersion while spending time in the populated metro stations.Story: Without having read the book I can say the storyline is pretty decent but nothing too special. Even though it offers a very unique setting, I think there is some wasted potential. The characters are rather bland: Khan for example plays a large role as the mysterious, spiritual guy who helps you reach your destination but at no point did I feel the urge to know more about his background or personality. Other characters such as Hunter, Ulman or Bourbon are pretty much forgettable.The game does have a mysterious, even fantastic touch to it but they should have put more effort into fleshing out those characters and add more notes and recordings to find and people to talk to.Gameplay: overall it was a smooth playthrough with some minor hickups. For example there were some parts in the game where I had a hard time knowing where to go next (this might be due to the missing hints as part of the ranger mode). Don't be fooled by this notion though, the level design is rather restrictive and does not leave much room for exploring but there is usually an alternate route for sneaky players.Which brings me to my next complaint: the AI of humans leaves a lot to desire. They don't react well to their surroundings. You can knock out or stealth kill enemies just a few feet away from their comrades, remove light bulbs with no reaction whatsoever or sit behind cover without them making use of grenades or flanking maneuvers. It's not game breaking but makes firefights much less fun than sneaking even though that's way too easy, too. Throwing knives kill all but heavily armored enemies instantly as well as melee attacks (even from the front).Fighting mutants is more challenging as you can't sneak past them most of the time. They are fast and unrelenting and really keep you on the edge.The weapons are well designed and customizable and go beyond your typical generic military shooter crap. They really are what you'd expect to see in a post-apocalyptic world without being over the top.To wrap it up, I reccommend this game to anyone who missed out on the original. It has some flaws but those are easily forgotten while crawling through the dark and filth ridden tunnels of the metro."
76561198084517007,Recommended,286690,12021553,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,SMNSWPS,"From someone who has played Its Sequel, Metro Last Light, the Redux version is an overall a better experience than the original. It really does feel like if you are playing Last Light. If you are hesitant about buying any of the Redux Verisons, Metro 2033 Redux  is definately not a lazy upgrade. IMO it is the prime example of a true ""remake""."
,Recommended,286690,12043677,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Fritz da Kraut,masterpiece remasterd 10/10
76561198076904016,Recommended,286690,12047160,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Helgur,"Great book, great game!Looking forward to reading the other book and playing Last Light"
,Recommended,286690,12033282,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,The Ten Tonne Terror of Tel-Aviv,"If you ever played the original Metro 2033, I'm going to tell you the ONE reason you NEED to buy and play Metro Redux. They completely revamped the tunnel of Amomeba spawning floor sphicters in D6. Yes, it's actually playable now, and it won't cause you to smash your keyboard in rage when Miller dies for the 40th time in a row. That, and now the Amomeba's spawning points look more like the big juicy wall jugs from Duke Nukem Forever. I mean sure, there are other improvements, but this is the only one you should care about. 11/10 improvement, would explore the Metro again"
,Recommended,286690,12059075,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,WarNerd16,Immersive as F**k. Better than the original. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,286690,11927706,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,jfalbanese,"I love the Metro series, so my review might be a little biased. pre ordered both versions to ease the stinging pain in my wallet. first impressions- graphics and visuals are greatly improved. they have also improved the look and feel of the options menu . weapons interface now match those of Last light. more areas and goodies available within the storyline. creatures and enemies function much better. Bourbon actually helps you instead of waiting for you to do all the work. this is a game i can play again and again. i really enjoy this game. russians know how to do the apocalypse  right."
,Recommended,286690,11927709,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TheITGuy,"Fans of the originial Metro 2033 game will find that this the the same game that they've come to know and love. But, with enough different to make you fall in love with it all over again. There's new stashes to find, new switches to flip, and new buttons to press. All while keeping the things that were in the original there, too. So, if you've played the game before, you'll remember exactly where everything is, but you'll still be just as excited to explore for things you've never seen before.They did a very fine job with the engine overhaul. It runs more smoothly on my machine than the original and looks the part, too. There were parts of the scenery that made my jaw drop in awe just like when I played the original for the first time. Which I found to be a pleasant surprise.In my review for the original, I talked about how you had to unlock the good ending by earning ""Good Deed"" points or ""Moral"" points. That is still the case but, in the original, all you could do was earn points. I was both shocked and impressed when I found that there are now bad deeds you can perform that take those points away.This game series is known for paying a lot of attention to detail, and this installment is no different. But, not only does the game pay attention to detail, but you have to as well. For example: You will get a more wholesome experience out of this game if you take your time to listen to people's conversations. They may reveal to you a better way to complete a level, or just give you some insight as to who they are.The story is just stellar. Albeit linear. But, it doesn't fail to leave you wanting more. I found that I just could not put this game down. I had to keep playing until I got it done. And I will certainly be playing a couple more playthroughs.Bottom Line: A great game on its own merit and a phoenominal remake of the original. If you've never played a Metro game before, but enjoy the dystopian genre with in-depth stories, great characters, and detail, you will love this game. If you're picking this up after having played the original(s), you won't be disappointed. Absolutely worth the full price."
76561198083855608,Recommended,286690,11916519,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,cvd165,One of the most frustrating FPS that I have ever played.
,Recommended,286690,11928605,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Whilson,atmosphere
76561197961860435,Recommended,286690,11929142,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Whyte.Oni,"It's like an X-Files meets Fallout in Moscow. This game is trippy, gorgeous, and fun as hell. Always a huge perk for me, there are Nazis to kill! So put down whatever dumb FPS you are playing, and getting your butt handed to you by a suburban gangster 12 year old, and play this instead. It's also Russian (English voices though), so you can pretend to be cultured after playing it."
,Recommended,286690,19099368,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nutsymptom,"If you want to scratch that post-apocolyptic itch but find the STALKER series too complex or open ended, and the Fallout series too much of a clunky RPG dressed as a shooter, this might be the game for you, especially if you find open world games to be too empty, aimless, and loaded with filler content.Metro 2033 is the best linear shooter I've played since the original Half-Life.  Incredibly immersive, with exceptional attention to detail.  The environments are beautiful, haunting, and depressing, and you really feel like you're living in their world.  The combat against both monsters and humans offers a nice mix of action and stealth, which is aided by a mix of creative and customizable weapons that felt satisfying to use.  There is also a section I won't spoil that was literally some of the most intense and stressful moments of any game I've played.  The game is tight, polished, with great pacing, and a decent enough story to make this some of best ~10 hours of gaming I've had, and ends before it gets tedious or samey.  Really looking forward to Last Light."
,Recommended,286690,19099579,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cuthbert Hornstein,"I ABSOLUTELY Hated this game the first time I played it because of Ranger F'in Hardcore Mode. I was into the game but there were two sequences where you have to quickly tap 'E' to get passed. I couldn't for the life of me figure it out; I button bashed through the first one but was utterly stuck on the second. For some reason nobody would just say to tap E on the internet.After fumigating tremendously for a few days, I decided there was something to this game that was worth starting again for, and I'm delighted that I did. Playing Metro was, for me, just like playing Doom as a kid; everything is dark, dingy and cold. The mutated monsters are quite terryifying in so many ways that they feel great to kill, but the scary jumpy monsters are not nearly as frighting as the polluted air, which leaves you with no room for fear as you have to keep moving forward with vigor, in hope of discovering some poor schlepper's spare filter left by his corpse, just to keep you alive for another few minutes. There's only a handful of weapons but they're customable and feel wonderful to use... They are reliable weapons in which you can trust to do your justice.The stealth element to the game is ingaging as you can darken the enviroment by shooting out lights, unscrewing the lightbulbs, blowing out the candles or... whatever it is you do with lanterns, all the while cutting through them with stealth kills/k.o's, throwing knives and silenced/muffled weapons... or just sneaking past will do the trick, if you're all about the arts of self-defense.The levels and their enemies, your allies and the cutscenes vary a lot, which keeps the game fresh and from feeling generic. The story is based on a book of the same name that I'd now like to look into reading, because the writing and dialogue in this game has many aspects that spark my intregue as well as humour. A truely great, enjoyable game that I'm bound to play again, and I strongly recommend it to anyone who really loved the likes of Doom & Half-Life back in the day....just make sure you play it on hard.. and not f'in Ranger Hardcore Mode. Peace?"
,Recommended,286690,19130566,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Wall-E,This game contains the following:Spiders from the stone agePimping your weaponsLooting bodiesAbility to wipe your face after♥♥♥♥♥♥gets all over itDark creepy atmosphereSatisfying gun mechanicsGrenade controls.You can not assign different keys from different grenades nor can you cycle them without opening your inventory. (Grenades seem to be glitchy. Sometimes you can't throw them and other times you end up throwing consecutive ones right at your feet. )8/10
76561198060807434,Recommended,286690,19193418,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,dave.middlebrook,"Excellent graphics, storyline and gameplay"
,Not Recommended,286690,19202465,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Yunocchi Rifleworks,"To start with, Metro 2033 Redux is still the game that Metro 2033 was. That being said, many features were streamlined for the worse, making this an inferior version of an existing product, one which still sells on Steam, for less."
76561198236066714,Recommended,286690,19204225,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Zooto,wonderful gamecomplex and intriguing story taking place in a very detailed post-atomic Moskow undergroundexciting gameplay through various settings requiring specific tacticschallenging difficulty providing accurate realistic experiencei was really amazed by the gooood work. well done
,Recommended,286690,18783804,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,<CC><SirBercelak,Gas mask filters save lives
,Recommended,286690,18865529,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Delta | Book Gang,The metro series was the best games I have ever played in my life. Graphics are BEAUTIFUL and the story mode makes you hungry for more. Gameplay is perfectly balanced.
,Recommended,286690,18863994,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Strafing,"A great remake or ""redux"" of a classic game. I have yet to finish the story but I love the game a lot! Excited for what Last Light Redux will bring!"
76561198121813596,Recommended,286690,18869503,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Froggy,Fantastic game. That's all I need to say.
,Recommended,286690,18882488,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,didler,"I'd DEFINITELY recommended this game. This game has so much action, adventure, and such a good story. This game is hard; even on it's easiest difficulty. It doesn't hold your hand (except for the beginning) and isn't forgiving. You're stuck on some part? Nope, you can't skip it, but I like it. The only thing I don't like about this game is that it ends. I love this game so much I even bought the book. SPOILER INCOMING DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THE GAME YET:I wish there is ANOTHER sequal, probably from Artyom's sons POV."
,Recommended,286690,18871774,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jolly Swagman,Best fps horror game with LL
,Recommended,286690,19027817,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ann1hel .,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator92/99 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198071393090,Recommended,286690,18912096,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Onion Kung,"great game, more than just a remake, totally worth getting."
76561198028643470,Recommended,286690,18912181,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,kingwilliam42,"I definitly recomend this game, even with its faults. That said if you're browsing through the reviews you've probable noticed that people are either saying its amazing with no real explination why, or that is buggy and a total waist of money. Here's the break down:Pros:1) Great story- The story is a post apocalptic FPS about a man trying to save his home from an unimaginable enimey that takes many emotional and humruous turns along the way.2) There is just something about it, that if you get into it, then you seem to really get into it. Fans just seem to fall in love with it. There seems to be no middle ground; you either love it or hate it.Cons:1) It's buggy, buggy, buggy! There are no patches and if you browse through the forums you'll see that the longest bug reporting thread hasn't been answered by the moderator/developer in over a year so don't expect a fix any time soon. That being said, some of the small things have fixes from the community, but don't count on everything being fixed.2) Filters. An in game mechanic is the need for filters when ever you enter certian areas. These then spend as time progresses. The problem is that if you don't purchase these at certian locations (a mistake first time players often make) one will run out in the middle of key levels and be forced to re-start long expances of the game."
76561198105665927,Recommended,286690,18921373,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Isaikk,"I got hooked after the story started building up, finished both Metro games within a week as my time allowed it^^Great game for people who enjoy a good story with some shooting in a post apolyptic world."
76561198058814279,Recommended,286690,18915161,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,[TFX] Jack London,"in short this is a great game, it has that post apocolypse feel like fallout but it hits home that survival feeling, ammo is scarce creatures are deadly.pros/cons+great atmosphere+great gameplay+Amazing story+good weapon customization+since you have to change filters and repair your gas mask I feel it shifts from a FPS to a more survival horror everything is going to kill you its just which gets you first+Dive tackled and knifed a nazi-the difficulty suggestions dont really prepare you for how hard it is-had to go back a level because I forgot to buy filters felt like an idiot+ perfect difficulty curve+ the people and places are well written, in a similar way to the lord of the rings this metro has a story and a history- replaced all the fallout games for best post apocolyptic RPG, got me into an argument with my freinds.+ great voice acting"
76561198031704498,Recommended,286690,18914457,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,DappaDan95,Recommend
76561198169888409,Recommended,286690,18760360,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Medical Bucket,"This is a very well made horror, survival, post apocoliptic game, sent is Russia.. so yea. If you learn anything is that some Russian's like to call mutated monstrosities ♥♥♥♥♥s"
51515151515151155,Recommended,286690,18766663,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SKØØSHA[Ravens forever],Just perfect.
76561198119696083,Recommended,286690,11924530,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,L0G4N98,i am very disapointedi boguth the redux pack because i loved both orginal ones but this game doesnt even start for me and it sucks because i was so excited to finally play the redux but i hope no one else has the problem just so they can enjoy this game as much as it should be enjoyed.
,Recommended,286690,12134862,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Otunga™,"10/10 ""It's metro 2033 but with trading cards, Would buy again"""
,Recommended,286690,12144596,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Natra,"Other than the fact that it took a month for 4A to make this game playable for me, the actual game was reallly good. In terms of a remake though, its ok, it does look better than Metro 2033, but IMO it still doesn't look as good as Metro: Last Light. But in terms of the actual gameplay and story, this game was great. I love the atmosphere of the Metro, it can be somewhat scary at times, but its also rewarding when you get from one place in the metro to another. Also this game was a lot more focused on the beasts and mutants that Metro: Last Light, which was more focused on the human conflicts inside the Metro. Both subjects they focused on were done very well done. So, overall I give this game a 9/10 and now that all the game-crashing bugs are gone for most its a must-buy for any fan of FPS games."
76561198066795161,Recommended,286690,11984550,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,TTOI,Epic make-over
06561197962205260,Recommended,286690,11972321,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,htM// ON PS4,KRAZYYYY GAME *.*
,Recommended,286690,11972865,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,RoWar,"Have you played the original Metro 2033 game? If not, get this one. If you want to know why or if you answered the question with yes and want to know why I like the redux version - look below:- Graphics: The most obvious one, yes. But besides the looks itself, the Redux version runs more smoothly than the original one did.- Atmosphere: The levels are more detailed, the characters (and enemies) have been adjusted to the designs from Last Light, especially the important ones - Miller and Khan to name the most obvious ones; also the reich troops, who got upgraded from Hobos with Nazi helmets to actual combat troops with unique gear. This makes both games feel more consistent and also looks better in all cases. Also there are more than two different faces for NPCs now, which is a huge and obvious improvement. (and you can wipe your gas mask now, which is more useful than you'd think).Some people might not like the brighter lighting effects from last Light; I liked it and therefore don't care. It is however brighter than the original game, imo this doesn't change the atmosphere though (since you don't even notice that in most levels).- Items: All the weapons from last Light and its DLC have been built into the levels and storyline and are accessible at some point through the game. These are the AKSU-74, the Bigun (Shotgun made from Bicycle parts) and the portable flamethrower and maybe some others.- Level Design/ Story: Well the story is the same. Same goes for the basic level design. But apart from more details I already mentioned there were some minor changes: In every level you can find at least one safe with items in it, but you have to find the key first (Metro veterans may recognize this from last Light). Also, at some point in the game, a short part of a level has been redesigned for a new kind of enemy that veterans may know from - guess what -  Last Light.- Gameplay: Well, apart from the new HuD (you guessed right - like in Last Light) there are two game modes (besides the different difficulty settings): Survival and Spartan. Survival is like the Original Metro game; Few resources, harder enemies - A more horror oriented approach. Spartan is more like last Light - More ammunition and generally more action oriented.All in all, pretty awesome."
,Recommended,286690,11973611,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Krumpet Pirate,A game with fantastic atmosphere and visuals. You will feel truly immersed in the metro. I own the original as well and I can honestly say that the combat in this version is much more satisfying.The thing that made this game for me was the throwing knives. If you enjoy a good mixture of stealth/combat you will like this game.
,Recommended,286690,11974972,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rude Octopus,"Graphics look even better now and the game runs well for me.1. Bullets are money, they are used to buy crap bullets, guns, armor, medkits, filters and masks. Use them sparingly.2. Stealth is your friend. If your using valuable bullets on humans, stop. Throwning Knives work better.3. Remember to scavenger everywhere for supplies.Fantastic game. Great atmosphere, gameplay and story."
,Recommended,286690,11975305,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Bloodbath,I recommend this game!
,Recommended,286690,11943602,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Pe8er,"Beautiful game with a great story and slightly weak gunplay.Graphics come very close to Crysis 3 in terms of fidelity, and actually surpass it as far as styling and atmosphere are concerned. Amazing lightning, tasteful colors, superb textures, great play of lighting and shadow. Yummy!Story is delivered with good pacing, characters make sense, world is believable and metro stations are full of life. At one point I had a thought that this world is more believable than Fallout 3 or FNV. Even though it isn't nearly as deep, it feels more serious and more real.Gunplay is the only weak point so far: SFX are slightly subdued, or with some guns don't have enough impact. Guns feel heavy, but they seem to be too small on screen, which takes away from their overall heft.I'm running it on GTX 780Ti and it's as smooth as butter on 3440 x 1440. No glitches, no crashes."
76561198023054500,Recommended,286690,11943828,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,the mysterious funnel cake,the game was absalutly great the adision of safes to the game added a hole new idea of searching for not only extra amoe and loot around each map but to look for keys to unlock the safes and find out what theyre treasures hold and the limit on amoe makes players realy have to think about how to aproach each situation since you can no longer hold infanite amoe suplys like in the first one XD but all togeather the game is a great treat to players of the original game and to the new players of the metro.
,Recommended,286690,11947208,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,davesunday,This is probably the best FPS ive ever played. The original was a great disappointment due to its poor performance.  I was hesitant to pick this one up because of that but was pleasantly surprised. This remastered version performs like a champ. No stutters and it looks fantastic.  The story is deeply moving and the pacing keeps you interested.  Pick this one up!
,Recommended,286690,11947700,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,OmegaFenix,"As a big fan of the original STALKER series I picked up Metro 2033 at launch but felt, while a brilliant concept, the execution was lacking. Metro Last Light fixed most of my issue with the original. Metro 2033 Redux brings those fixes over to the original and makes a Cult classic into a AAA game. Can not recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,286690,11957439,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Beholder,Good story AND gameplay!9/10
76561198105119025,Recommended,286690,11957863,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,CaptainPrice,"Much improvement from the previous version esp the graphic, but I still hate the control and mutants' animations. Why isn't it the same with last light redux coz I find better controls and animations there????6/10"
,Recommended,286690,18051416,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Triceptis,"A great survival horror game that expands on the original, by updating graphics and creating a new more action packed game mode. I would recommend it for anyone, as it goes on sale often for up to 80% off, packaged with Metro: Last Light."
76561198201258165,Recommended,286690,28602953,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,尼古拉斯·刘醒,不知道好不好玩，先玩吧
76561198074574184,Recommended,286690,18026548,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Pyramid Head,"Man, I really wish Steam had an in between rating. Anyway, this series is amazing. The original Metro: 2033 is one of my favorite FPSs that I've ever played...which is where my problem with the Redux lies.Gameplay: Changing the gameplay to match Last Light, from a technical standpoint was probably smart, but from an atomspheric one? The original gameplay felt a lot more desperate and horror based. The stealth is 5x better than it was, but, with the edition of Last Light style modding of your guns, it's also 5x easier, since you can put a silencer on basically anything. Last Light, and now the 2033 Redux, felt too much like any other FPS that I've played in the past. I never felt the inherient and oppressive terror that the original game gave during every moment of gameplay. To me, Last Light was a step down from 2033, however slight of a step it may have been. The addition of the new guns is freakin' awesome though.Story: This game's story is amazing. That's it. They didn't change anything from the Redux besides adding some stuff, so if you've played the original game, there's nothing new to see. This is good for newcomers, but bad for people who own the original already. There's no real reason to purchase this game again if you were only in it for the story, but, again, the stor on this game is genuinely amazing, commenting on the selfishness of the human condition, and all that deep ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Artyoms calm narration between chapters is probably one of my favorite parts of the Metro series.Worth Mentioning:-Glitches: I never ran into any game breaking glitches, but I've seen enough of the forums to make a not of this regardless.-Boss: In the original game, 1 boss in particular always shined, in my opinion, as the best: The Plated Nosalis. The mole-like black terror of the Metro, fiercely territorial, savagely powerful, and deathly afraid of light. This boss has been completely removed as of my knowledge, replaced with the stupid spider things from Last Light. Player's of the original may be rejoicing at this fact, or they may be like me, and hate the idea of that amazing creature fading into obscurity. Newcomers, beware, you're missing out on an amazingly tense, and awesome fight.So, for the most part, this Redux version looses a bit of the original spirit that 2033 had to offer, but still makes for a spectacular, albiet easier, game. Newcomers won't be missing out on much, but people who have played the original games will only be getting a severe case of deja vu. Extreme fans of the original, like me, though, may be disappointed with the presentation, and the tone shift that the Redux has to offer.Still, this game has a lot to offer anyone willing to pick it up, and I strongly suggest that you do, Redux or not."
,Recommended,286690,18019928,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,plmrjosh,"This is severely underrated game from the last gen that was remade using the ""last light"" revision of the 4A  engine. It's alot of fun and has some of the mutated monsters outside of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Fallout.However, There are still technical issues with this game. For starters, those with a GTX 570 superclocked,this game will crashunless you underclock the GPU to the first GTX 570. There are also graphical glitches here and there, but other than that, it's one of the prettiest games on P.C.The story is pretty good too, just don't expect to follow the original book too much.Mechanics are solid, though the grenades are pratically useless, which is disappointing. The stealth options are fantastic! The only real issue is that sometimes the AI won't detect you at all,even if you are right in front of them.Other than those issues, I recommend it."
,Recommended,286690,17893229,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,FA1212ELL,"Hands down my favorite game to play. Been playing it ever since it was first released back in the day. My favorite thing about the game is the in-depth story and puts you in the pit of existence to leave you wondering how will you survive in a situation like this. There are enemies everyone, if not in the metro, in the surface. You won't know which is worst until you face them and how you deal with them. You have lethal and non-leathal take down to approach what level of silence you want. Depending on your arsenal, you can pretty much decide whether you want to go guns blazing or quiet. You have thowing knives, bombs, spike bombs and so much more fun toys to choose from. What's neat is that this version of the game brings much more than the original version which use to be DLC's. Sound effect is hands down nailed to the wall. The sound of the guns reloading is enough to make me ""awe"" with joy. And the animation to equipping your accessories is one of the best things I've seen an any video game to this day. Looking at your timer, equipping your gas masks etc are all animations that all first person shooters need to make a game realistic and immerse that sadly, not many games in this generation has. It's 2015 already. 2015...There are of course a few cons to this but not enough to make a big deal. The game could be brutal if you don't know what you're doing. It's very realistic to the point where if you waste too much filters in the game in the wrong time and you have already saved? Well, you're pretty much done. Be very very careful on what you use and how to use them. Ammo, filters, bombs, etc. If you waste them on an unnecessary event, you might regret it later and the game only supports a single file save. Veterans of Survivor Horror FPS Players are recommended!"
,Recommended,286690,17893518,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,marlogames,"This is definately one of my favourite games. Some customizability for weapons and alot of loot and notes to be collected, and places to be discovered. The collectables still won't distract you too much unless you make it your mission to find them.The story is pretty interesting and the athmosphere is amazing. You will always want to go back to the game's world. The amount of horror in this game is just perfect. It's not too scary to beacome just another horror game, and you can play it even if you're not a fan of horror games. The surroundings are very detailed. The game also shows well what it's like to live in the Metro. You can see the differences between old people who have moved to the Metro, and the children who have never seen sunlight before.The game overall is a great story game, but it also has very pleasing gameplay. The stealth is very good for a first person game. If you're into more fast-paced gameplay you can indtead choose the Spartan playmode in the Redux version. Personally I prefer doing it the stealth way.Overall, I think this is a very well made game, with very good stealth and resource-collecting elements. Anyone who enjoys more survival and stealthy slow-paced games should try this game. Even if you're more into fast-paced games, you will probably like this game. The Last Light part is also a very nice extension to the games story."
,Recommended,286690,17935915,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,T4l0n,"This is what the fps genre needed.A great adventure with a great setting, this game played at the proper difficulty really immerge you in a post apocalyptic Moscow where you have to survive and strive to go on. At ""ranger"" difficulty the game removes all the hud so that you really have to explore the surrounding, which are magnificently designed. This game reminded me a lot of the original half life and half life 2 mixed with survival elements, it's a type of fps we don't see often nowadays and it's good to see it's not dead completely.  The graphics is sublime and makes the game feel even more realistic, the sound design is spot on, scaring you at the right moments and pressuring you to find an exit or save your life when the time comes.Played at the proper ""ranger"" difficulty this game is a hard game but it's totally worth it, it will give you an experience recent triple A fps title can only dream to give."
,Recommended,286690,17710225,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Chow,Plays the 'Depositary' mission.... Uninstalls game. 11/10 for ball-shrinking
76561198055994170,Recommended,286690,18058072,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DonDraper,"just buy it, it is amazing and you will absolutely love it, the story line is phenomenal"
,Recommended,286690,18066072,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Fruity,11/10
,Recommended,286690,18080625,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Max Kawasaki,"Absolute Master Piece !! Playing on  Hardcore Ranger Mode and I'm loving every single second of it, it's a realchallange!!"
,Recommended,286690,18088440,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ms.TAKE,"Full of outdated russian propaganda, obviously, but it's very playable with nice storyline, mechanics and graphics."
,Recommended,286690,16869677,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ammy,"The Atmosphere in this game is god tier in eye candy quality and its performence IMO is one of the best optimized games for FPS but sadly its not perfect.The story is kinda meh in the grand scheme of things but the world,creatures and weapons make up for this more or lessThe creatures even tho few in varity are very well animated + design for what they are and combat against them is more or less what you expectThe weapons in this game all look like workshop made contraptions more or less which adds to the feel for the game. Although the weapon shops are pointless since after a few begining areas you will find weapons with upgrades on the corpses of those who you kill/ found dead.Also if your a fan of shabby russian humor this game will serve you well.Now for the bad partsThe AI is derpy as hell, I expected so much from the monsters of the metro but the human AI to lack a great quantity of IQ points. They won't spot you when they should be able to see you and their headlamp is directly pointed towards you and they won't be concern about piles of dead bodies stacking up but are alerted when they find a dead comrad.Lastly the AI will very easily lose track of you when you break ""Line of Sight"" and resume hunt mode till everyone in the room is dead.Another moderatly bad part is that the game doesn't tell you how things work most of the time. For example at the shooting range there is no direct notfication that you have infinite ammo at the range and your ammo pool will not be used or that your mask can break durring combat and only can be repair by switching it out with one thats in a better condition than your own (This means you cannot go to the shop to get a new one/repair it). Some of the mechanics are moderatly easy to figure out but sometimes it can cost you if your not carefull.Last thing that effected my gameplay is that durring the middle stages my nightvision was toggled on before every cutscene/event moment and did not let me switch it off. This lead to a couple parts of the game where I was stuck in Nightvsion when i wasn't suppose to have it on in the 1st place.To conclude everything. Does this game has its problems? Yes. Should that keep you from buying+playing it? No. I whould say the ""feel"" of the world in this game is a good enough reason to pick it up when its on sale."
,Recommended,286690,16870079,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheWalking,"Great graphics, and the perfect stealthy fps game :D"
76561198012630497,Recommended,286690,16872863,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,*CU*dark,"To start off the graphics for this game are second to none. The story is great, maybe a little confusing or weird at times, but still an amazing story progression. Sadly I felt the story to be short but the positive to that was that it was fast paced. There were just basic weapons and the customization for those weapons were under utilized due to minimal chances to upgrade and buy/sell weapons. The best weapons that come towards the end of the game are only used for short periods of time and leave you wishing that you could have more chances to use them. This game can be played by people who like stealth based games or run-n-gun games due to the option at the beginning to choose which what play style they would like to experience throughout the duration of the story.TLDR: Great graphics, great (but short) story, strong gunplay, ability to play game as stealth or run-n-gun, sub-par weapon customization."
76561198119747848,Recommended,286690,16879855,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mc Happy Meal,This game is heavily detailed just like a post apocalypse game! The atmospheric surroundings would make you immerse in itself! So what are you waiting for? Get the game and hop on to a story-enriched experience! :D
,Recommended,286690,17424285,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Odd Mutant,"It’s really good! I’m quite shocked how revised it is. The original had some endearing characteristics about it, but it was also really janky. The AI was overly sensitive and when aggro’d they knew where you exactly were 100% of the time, they were deadshots, and when one guy knew where you were everyone become aware. It made things like the war on the bridge a goddamn nightmare.  And while some parts of the graphics engine were nice, it also looked off in that sort of way you recognize in games east of the Czech Republic. To see that they redid the AI, encounters, and graphics to bring it up to par with the more mainstream assessable Last Light is pretty great. Hell, with it’s story and conclusion it’s even a better game than Last Light.So if you’re curious about the series, definitely try out Metro 2033 Redux."
,Recommended,286690,17432329,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,linkman88,"Kinda like a modern half life 2, pretty fun and very atmospheric!"
,Recommended,286690,17435268,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Seed Is Strong,"a worthy remake, alot of things fixed including the AI and some level tweaks, i only ran into a couple of minor bugs but they were easily fixed with a check point reload"
76561198033159944,Recommended,286690,17449392,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,GrudgeBearer,"BUY IT!!metro is a wonderful game, presonally i spend hours looking around openeing every door, looking in every corner, the game is well made, the background is beautiful, there is a few vehicle section that can be hard on higher difficulty. metro offers variable game styles, if you wanna be a tank and rush through the level shooting up everyone, or sneak through the shadows and pick off the guards one by one with a large variety of customizable weaponsvs. redux:metro redux is so much better then the non-redux, the ui is better, the graphics are much better the game plays easier and its much bigger, more rooms, new game elementsnote: make sure you buy and play this before you move onto ""metro: last light"""
,Recommended,286690,18515284,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mansa_Versace,That moment you rescue Sasha.
76561197997977174,Recommended,286690,19404165,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Falon,"I hired a b****,her pimp hit me and stole all my money.LO/10 I would hire her again."
76561198077426094,Recommended,286690,19416113,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nerrillinthas,This game is worth every $ spent you get a great story and good combat. It goes on sail alot so if you want to save some money keep your eye out. But its worth full price its a great game make sure you get the sequel as well.
76561198131729212,Recommended,286690,19447281,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Omar,best game i ever played
,Recommended,286690,20259497,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Marl1,10/1011/10 if you read the books first.
,Recommended,286690,19440759,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vanilla Thrilla,"Almost got rid of it cause I don't like ""scary games"" but the story is very compelling and the gameplay is wicked fun!"
,Recommended,286690,19441398,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,JackAnimator,Fun game amazing visuals and really intense!
,Recommended,286690,19452167,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,the_greyling,"Sneak, attack, good luck with the critters!"
,Recommended,286690,19537278,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Lukey70,Perfect balance of grimey firefights and horrific encounters of the mutant-kind. This game stands on its own as far as single-player first-person shooters go. It's similar to Wolfenstein.
,Recommended,286690,19542613,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr.Kill1234,"Great story, great gameplay, overall this game was great. I LOVE they way they exploit sound/music to build this constant tension you have throughout the game (as well as some jump scares). The best atmospheric game I have played."
,Recommended,286690,19540914,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,abombpoker,"The graphics are mind blowing, true dynamic lighting. Great atmosphere, amazing game."
,Recommended,286690,19586183,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MC MOFFEL,"I highly recommend this game. It has an interresting story, great gameplay, and a really cool ending. The looks are still good even though this is an older game."
,Recommended,286690,19546031,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Why are you running,"i love this game very much,nice work 4A Games"
,Recommended,286690,30450676,Posted: 11 March,all,Tiny the giant,Needs more vodka.
,Recommended,286690,30464710,Posted: 11 March,all,Night Viper,"great game. the story (which I guess you can attribute to the novels) is really nice, graphics are pretty good (frame rate drops only rarely). the combat system has a few awkward elements but it's not bad. I prefer the sequel (last light) to this one but it's definitely worth playing."
76561197970309321,Not Recommended,286690,13518523,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zipit!,"The combat is terrible.All other considerations aside... nice graphics, nice atmosphere, maybe it has a good story, I don't know - I didn't play it long enough to get a feel for the story. I did play through about a dozen combat encounters and they all sucked.The weapons are not satisfying. They don't ""feel"" powerful. They sound quiet and hit like dirt. The shotgun might as well be tossing cornflakes and the AK-47... the Mother-humpin' AK-47(!) ...feels like it's shooting BB's from the first level of Fallout 3. I can't tell where my shots are landing. I can't see the thump or knockback of damage occuring.The enemies come in large groups, can take buttloads of direct - I mean DIRECT - shots... SHOTGUN shots to the face and seem completely unaffected by it. To make it worse, they just run around you in circles... you can't take cover, you can't run away and you can't run and gun because all the environments are too small / narrow or cluttered.It's supposed to be survival/horror, not FPS you say? Fine. Then why the Serious Sam level of pure enemy numbers? There's no surviving that without some serious FPS skills.Very disappointed."
,Recommended,286690,13519502,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MetricDunn,I had the original and loved the game. 4A have done an amazing job of making this a masterpiece. This is a total rebuild and an excellent one. Defintely worth full price  if you've never played and more than worth it on sale if you had the original.
,Recommended,286690,13483044,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,zladicus,"Incredibly gripping, atmospheric shooter with horror elements, and fantastic storyline and beautiful visuals. Metro 2033 Redux is also much more optimized than the original Metro 2033 (running better while somehow looking much better), so the whole experience has improved 100 fold."
76561198030845548,Recommended,286690,13484407,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ryan,i just paid 21 dollers yesterday for this game?? smh
76561198063285257,Recommended,286690,13487006,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kesso123,terrific
,Not Recommended,286690,17261264,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Geraf Drunkaroni,"Broken1FPS start menu, took forever to even get there.Didnt care enough about this game to try and trouble shoot."
,Recommended,286690,17101367,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,GetReiched,"I first played it on the xbox 360 and I loved it, and now playing Redux has blown my mind. It has amazing detail and the story is very interesting, I recommend moving to Last Light when you finish this one, it's a great series!"
76561198031159474,Recommended,286690,17111247,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,onlysmaidins,Best story ever who I play!
76561198134198153,Recommended,286690,17112900,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DOC,One of the best FPS survival horror games out there
,Recommended,286690,17251122,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,W2kOfFZ,"Dark and atmospheric, this graphically intensive but slow-paced shooter is a perfect way to spend a dozen hours. It's an immersive sci-fi horror story set in post-apocalyptic Moscow that keeps a steady rhythm and doesn't rely on artificial boss battles for ramping up the challenge. The ""Redux"" version brings the graphics up to speed, the original having been released five years ago.This version also offers a choice of ""Spartan"" vs ""Survival"" modes, the latter supposedly more difficult in terms of access to items and ammo, but in Survival mode on Normal difficulty I very rarely ran low on supplies. Experienced FPS players may wish to select a higher setting from the outset. Unfortunately the linearity of the story greatly reduces the enjoyment to be had from replaying the campaign.While not usually a fan of sneaking around, I found the stealth elements to be well thought out and it's certainly possible to get through the levels with a minimum of bloodshed if one so desires. Most importantly however, they are almost entirely optional, and if you prefer a more action-oriented play style it's there for the taking.Unfortunately the level design is this game's weakest point, the underground levels are typically quite linear while the surface levels sometimes left me feeling unsure where to go next. If you get lost and end up running low on filters for your gas mask your only real recourse is loading up a save game, which reflects poor design.In summary, Metro 2033 Redux is a thrilling experience well worth your time and money, especially if you can get it on sale.7.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,17255318,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SeriousBug,"A great FPS, set in the post-apocalyptic nuclear winter of Moscov, where the dark metro tunnels are filled both with humans and mutants. Resources are very limited, you have to conserve your ammo and scavenage whenever you have the chance. The atmosphere is very dark, grim and tense.Also works very well on Linux / SteamOS."
76561198114137879,Recommended,286690,17275434,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ish-kibbible,"Incredibly fun game, i've never played any of the metro series until now and i got to say this was a fantastic game. I loved the apocaliptic feeling of the game, it reminded me of fallout in a survival sort of way. I think this a perfect game if you want to get ready for fallout 4."
76561198134698105,Recommended,286690,17276240,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Erotisi,Only just started playing but superseded all of my expectations. Highly reccomend
,Recommended,286690,16726851,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mrkilljoy6,if you enjoy games with a good strong story line you should definitly play this th game is a beast on its one but killer with its sequal you realy need to play them after each other
,Recommended,286690,16774493,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,You like owls?,Really fun. I was really sad when it ended. пенис
76561198025733812,Not Recommended,286690,16781133,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,marin,"I like many others went for the 2033 + Last Light Redux bundle and now regret spending money on it. Google these two games + ""mac port"" and you will see that pretty much everyone is reporting FPS of the 9-10 sort. The games are not possible to play on a mac so do not waste your money. I would literally barely make it through the menus to start a game and impossible to play once started. Buy another game"
,Recommended,286690,16785382,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mainland Man,Great.
76561198035328516,Recommended,286690,16667219,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lecurito,"It had intense gameplay, great graphics, and an interesting story 14/10"
,Recommended,286690,16671172,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Minpho,Great story.Great gameplay.Very immersive.What is not to like?At least try it!11/10
76561198106469122,Not Recommended,286690,16673826,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,anon6111,"Great atmosphere and interesting setting. Unfortunately not much fun. Couldn't understand what I was supposed to be doing much of the time. Story downright silly at times, and I really was not a fan of how the game takes over and forces you to fail in certain actions or move in a particular direction - it breaks immersion for me."
76561198218552008,Not Recommended,286690,16679990,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jojobinks,Froze my mac after 10 minutes of playing!
76561198016780030,Recommended,286690,16699473,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nippon kazauwaa,i can't pick up the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun in the armorytruly a gamebreaking update with almost a full 30 minutes of gameplay10/10 would install again
76561198044975473,Recommended,286690,16708574,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Truble_Shooter,I got paid with bullets for saving a Russian child with a creepy child-adult voice10/10
76561198135984265,Recommended,286690,16709906,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shrekolis Cage,A very fun and scary first person shooter that is just for you.
,Recommended,286690,16710977,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shitake -G2A-,"this is an amazing game post apocalyptic russia,monster,radiation,guns,underground vaults,rail cars and the story is amazing we became atryom young soldier that has a power to connect with the monsters and our mission is to bring back our friends dogtag to some guy its simple but the journey is complicated people that we met in our journey dies and that is a really emotional part i really recommend this game for adventurist,survivor,worriors"
76561197970732360,Recommended,286690,17823146,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Svenson,What can I say?A complete masterpiece with a decent video card with phys x...Best graphics of any game I have played.I own both the original and redux and the redux completely blew me away!!Got it on sale very impressed with this game.
76561198208610916,Recommended,286690,17818640,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,davidgopperman,"Excellent visuals, unique story, just a bit too short."
,Recommended,286690,17838968,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,vepha,"short but nice in all ways, worth the price for sure."
,Recommended,286690,17969129,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tuntoron Sr,"Completed this on my xbox 360, bought the non-redux version, then bought the redux version on sale .. finally complete the redux version ..One of the best FPS I've played so far, the other one was Bioshock infinite .."
76561198052690833,Recommended,286690,16957947,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Deathwalker,"I played the game for first time, so I cannot say anything about the ""old"" version of this game. But here are some of my impressions.The game is based on the same titled book. The story is almost the same, but there are some differences on how some parts of the story take place and how some characters appear. Some parts of the story are completely absent, but that isn't really tradic, since I don't want to talk about the book, but the game.The atmosphere is gloomy and tense, because you can hear mutants' steps, sniffing and growling everywhere around you. There are creatures in every corner and if they are not, they suddely appear from the dark underneath of the metro. Everything wants to kill you. EVERYTHING!!! Mutants, fascists and communists. Only good thing about fascists and communists is, that they die faster than the mutants do...I don't want to talk much about the story, because there are already way better rewievs. Only thing I want to say is: THE STORY IS AWSOME! Okay, okay, you are the geat hero, who wants to save his home station, and to do so, you are defying great dangers. That is something I already played, watched, read... But in this game every step could be your last, and not seldom is. Tension, tension, tension. Tension everywhere!This game is great for fans of the horror genre, so just buy it. And for everyone else: BUY IT. You won't regret it.8.5 of 10"
76561198049860248,Recommended,286690,16959187,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,That Guy,Had to learn Russian to read the signs and get to the armoury 10/10
76561197981811261,Recommended,286690,16900190,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,The Dark Lorgi,I find the game fairly immerssive simply with it's HUD hints and the details. It felt believable and drew me in. I loved the mystery and the selling of how decrepid and unhappy everything was. Hooked me like an addiction. Gives you a choice between stealth and combat overall. Some situations I stealthed simply because I could. If you're impatient you may still pull it off just gunning things down. Not to say that there's enough ammo to waste pointlessly.
,Recommended,286690,16901903,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rush B,"The game is amazing, it looks amazing, feels amazing, and the Redux version made it SO much better.It feels so amazing, playing this game. Ones you walk through empty Moscow, or the even scarier, darker tunnels.It gets very creepy, wich makes it more fun to play. The weapons are also really nice. From a simpel revolver,to a full-auto shotgun-machinegun. Yes, and there is more where that came from! Modify you weapons with, silencers, verious scopes (2x,4x,Night vision etc), upgrades for you barrel and even more!The story is very simpel to follow. Wich is always a little problem in amazing games: They just don't know how to end it!That was no problem in this game though. There are 2 endings, they are both good and bad at the same time.There is only 1 con: You may or may not know where to go sometimes. But don't worry because Youtube is ready with tons of walktroughs!Suck up EVERY SINGEL DETAIL IN THE WHOLE GAME!!!!ITS AMAZING!9/10 IGN :D(Yes, I have played the latest Wolfenstein and Bioshock.)"
76561198100022670,Recommended,286690,16934091,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,thedeviousturd,have you ever thought .. man lets save Russia. me either
,Recommended,286690,16945114,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SturtAlert,"Absolutely gorgeous, and really fun!"
76561198096254645,Recommended,286690,16946723,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,T473R,"Great game, but the surface sections drove me completely insane. Went from genuinely tense and scary moments in the metro to wondering around the surface screaming ""WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO GO?!?!?"" for 20 minutes until I looked up a guide. Rest of the game is fantastic,though. Just keep a walkthrough handy.Oh, and the alternate ending is stupid and makes no sense. JS."
,Recommended,286690,16952943,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tabulation,Definitive version of the cult classic. A+
76561198047577785,Recommended,286690,16830288,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Morpho Juliet,Very enjoyable. Ties in well with last light. The new engine alone justifies repurchasing this game if you already have the original. Gameplay has also been polished with firefights/ gun mechanics and CQB getting an overhaul. 10/10
76561197960397593,Not Recommended,286690,16832830,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,packer4,crashes to desktop on gtx 980. good game but would not recommend this pos.
,Not Recommended,286690,16837309,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,-redacted-,"Well... I tried. I really did. But holy freaking crap was it lagtastic. I couldn't even aim at an enemy because they'd move slightly in the time it took my gun to point at them, and then they'd move slightly away again as i corrected... My rating: virtually unplayable if you like a relatively lag-free experience."
,Recommended,286690,16921141,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ALGORITHM CONSULTANT,"One of the best damn games I've ever played. It's atmospheric, it's spooky, and it's definitely worth it."
76561198119241655,Recommended,286690,17135280,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AstroCunt,One of my favorite games ive played only problem is that i crashes alot 10/10
76561198044377236,Recommended,286690,17133876,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Krohnis,Just watch how Unkle Boarbane works.
,Recommended,286690,16888776,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lukyy223,one of my favorite games in quite some time! only downside is it can be glitchy at times and can at times be very detremental to performance...
76561198173437841,Recommended,286690,17395529,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Flippy,short but one of the best games out there and if you buy good luck in the library thats all I say
76561198112804064,Recommended,286690,19492477,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Asimier,Very fun and scary game
,Recommended,286690,19488804,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,psycho_driver,"The game is more of a RPG with FPS elements than a good old fashioned FPS.  The engine is a little clunky in some aspects (I felt like I was getting hung up on static meshes a lot) but it looks good and was able to present the story of Artyom and the Dark Ones well.  I don't have much time to spend gaming anymore, but I do not regret any of the time spent on these games."
76561197972038924,Recommended,286690,19390513,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ron-O-Tron,One of the most Immersive FPS I have ever played. Cannot wait to start playing Last Light. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,19410229,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BearSlayer,Air Rifle <3Never go anywhere without it.
76561198203859500,Recommended,286690,19405219,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,P90 yes Ak no,Really nice apocalypse game. Love the story. I recommend reading the book.The playing  is interesting too.
76561197979835132,Recommended,286690,17287799,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,PheralCat,"This games is absolutely terrific!  I don't know why I waited so long to play it.  Great graphics,  compelling story, with replay value.  I only played the Redux versions, not the originals.  If you like post-apoc shooters, this has got to be on your play-list."
,Recommended,286690,19474796,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GNThrone,"I was sitting on the fence for years with this game. I wanted to play it since I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic and/or survival games but I'm not a big fan of the horror genre.I'm glad I finally caved and picked it up during the black friday sale of 2015.The story was not the strongest I've seen but the game made up with it through gameplay, immersion, and atmosphere. It didn't freak me out as much as Amnesia: TDD did but certain levels had me on edge and others outright creeped me out which is to me, a very good thing.The game allows you to play stealthy or guns blazing and even offers two actual gameplay settings (Survivor and Spartan). I found that a stealth run through with the survivor setting gave the best experience and I was glad that I could choose between knocking out an opponent from stealth or killing them. There were a few chapters which took me a hell of a long time to finish stealthily but was incredibly rewarding when I did.Bottom line, I had fun. Now, time to play Last Light."
,Recommended,286690,19520473,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gizmo Xaris,"I was a bit turned away from buying this for a while seeing as people had posted negative reviews that it wasn't really fair to have to buy the game all over again to get an ""Updated"" version, but after getting it on sale and giving it a try, I'm actually surprised.The game is a bit more than an update in all due honesty. A lot more easter eggs have been added to the game, I'm discovering so many things that I plan on replaying the original to see if it was there in the first place. The mechanics are just the same as Last Light, the performance is seriously improved.. going from areas with 20-40fps to all straight and smooth 60 on my Radeon 7850. Artyom's voiceovers have been redone from the same actor from Last Light, and several character models have been replaced with higher quality ones and the sound design has been very noticably altered and improved. Quick time events and some cutscenes have been altered.My only complaints are there's a few glitches here and there, sometimes the newer animations tend to jump a little, for example.. the duplet's reload has a barely noticable frame jump at the end which is a little annoying, but definitely not a game breaker for me. Can also notice small bugs here and there with ammunition, notes and QTE's being a little out of place, like a set of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clips floating in the air a few feet from a dead body, or clipping through the train car when jumping off on the scene with Bourbon. Again, for me it's not game breaking.. really just nit-picky final polish details that didn't get done. No biggie. Also as a nit picky detail, I would love it if the game had an FOV adjustment. it looks a little lower than what I'm used to playing on.Overall I'm actually really enjoying this so far. I may update this review later if I find anything seriously bad, but so far I'm saying this is worth a try if you were a fan of the original Metro 2033 from all the new stuff to be discovered."
,Recommended,286690,19515065,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,terraiin,im spooked and scared and happy when playing this game.10/10
76561198171113454,Recommended,286690,19467589,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,chenhenr523,"Amazing, but not as good as last light."
76561198017112970,Recommended,286690,30637822,Posted: 20 March,all,MadMike,"I didn't really know what to expect coming into this game, but it grabbed me and wouldn't let go. The atmosphere and suspense are top-knotch. Loved it."
76561198033783597,Recommended,286690,19472731,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Famus Raper,Ulman's sense of humor made me reccomends this game.
,Recommended,286690,19471381,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Clever Faux Fox,"I'd give it a solid 5/5The created a solid atmosphere for me to always feel like I was always on the line trying to survive. Running out of bullets to trade up for the next gun I found, crawling in darkness was more uneasy than running through a camp of raiders at times! Fighting your way through some levels to sneaking your way past was also a thrill to know even if I got caught my experience became a ""run for it!"" and burning through what ammo I had left just to survive.Really fell into place for a thrilling shooter with a survival story to theme."
76561198087427219,Recommended,286690,19504593,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SterlingArcher,"Good game to pick up on sale, around 10 hours of playability."
76561198150161053,Recommended,286690,19724650,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Palm_Sap,SWEEET LORDY LORD THIS GAME IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY ENTIRE LIFEThough 4A Games needs to get there act together and make more games
,Recommended,286690,19510558,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zikina Sarenica,One of the best games I have played in a while.
76561198144583390,Recommended,286690,19766040,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,✿グローラ✿,This game is good. You leave your station for a few hours and all hell gets loose.I mean seriously I never trusted librarians but in this game NEVER EVER TURN YOUR BACK ON ONE (I learned that in the most excrutiating way possible).Unless you want a badass scar on the back and live to tell the tale to the young folks in the metro then why the hell not! Let's go get our backs scratched!But seriously though I recommend getting this before going for Last Light. You'd miss out on the story.
,Recommended,286690,19766472,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Cpt. GamerGulch,This is a great game there are some confusing missions though.
,Recommended,286690,19809639,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,deYjaVu,"it's nice game, have to finish it though but other than that its ok"
76561198072306768,Not Recommended,286690,19562932,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,crazyninjadude,"Game plays great on PC, and is a whole lot of fun.Unfortunately this is not the case with my mac.  On the mac, the maping for controlers are completly messed up.  The ABXY buttons are all wrong, as well as the character is constantly spinning with out input from the right analog stick.  Unfortunately the devs seem content to let the game go unfixed, as myself and other mac players have attempted to email them; their only response is to update the drivers.  This would be a reasnable response if the drivers were not up to date, but they were.  When the devs were given this information, they seemed to be unable to accept this, so it will likely remain unfixed.In the end, its a great game, and if you were planning on playing it on a PC, it's a must have.  If you were planning on playing it on a mac though, it is completely unplayable, so it should be skipped."
,Recommended,286690,19560181,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Twink E.,9.5/10 The last of us meets First-person haction and has a horrific babby.
,Recommended,286690,19573741,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Lucas Møller,The redux is a huge improvemrnt over the original. Much smoother experince and the new achievements are greate fun. I recommend this game to the players of the original metro and for the player who never played metro.
,Recommended,286690,19668813,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Smiling Warfighter,Dieses spiel ist nicht so gut wie metro last light kauft euch Metro last light.♥♥♥♥ game
76561198045719937,Recommended,286690,19553064,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Suicidal Plantpot,"A great singleplayer FPS where 'running and gunning' will get you killed the majority of the time. Set in 2033 Moscow you play as Artyom, one of the couple thousand people who survived the nuclear apocalypse, which occured 20 years early, by hiding in the metro. Drink, stab, shoot and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your way through the metro killing nazis, communists and mutated atrocities.tl; dr Great game,librarians are scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,286690,14324437,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Yonosal,"I will tell you one thing buy this game this the best game i have play'd in years everything is perfect the framrate is epic and the guns are good only one thing there is only one pistol the revolver but all the other guns are really good and it is pretty brutel but if you are over 18 buy it this is the best game ever  defnetly recommend this game it is a bit scary the end is really great i will not tell if you want to know play it i will tell you one more time buy it and the charecter are really cool artyom, miller, ulman and everbody else are funny, hardcore and masters of the war buy the game :D :) :D :) and 1 more thing artyom doesent speak only in the loading screens.10/10YEAH"
,Recommended,286690,19715423,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Spooksman,"One of my favorite Post-Apocalyptic games out there, and don't forget about Last Light either!"
76561198118342376,Recommended,286690,19650938,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,King derper1,"Very Good Story, very very pretty game, 8/10"
,Recommended,286690,19685821,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Seangle,"Holy sh*t, this game is good."
76561198066969681,Recommended,286690,19704848,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mordred,"Russia simulator 2033. Played on i7-4790k GTX970 and 8gigs of ram and this game has a decent amount of fps stutter even on medium settings. But eh, still a great game. Works better if PhysX is set to CPU not GPU."
,Recommended,286690,19666046,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Reznov,Very atmospheric game. Would recommend.
,Recommended,286690,19683301,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gaben™,"From what I've played its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, once I finish the game, I will post my full review"
76561198054930589,Not Recommended,286690,19683676,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,egil_teige,"The game does not work, it crashes over and overI think I have a very normal rig, Win 7, Intel i5, GTX560 anf 16Gig RAM, so there should be no reason for all these crashes, well other than this being a bad game.I got to play a few levels before it crashed, and the game is not that good. It is a lot of talking, with voice actors that have seen to many bad action movies where russian guys all talk in this really clichè kind of way, and they talk and talk and talk and talk forever, then there is some monsters that you just manage to shoot right before you are out of ammo, and then it is back to the talking.The game might get better after a while, but then again, it does not work.So stay away"
76561198129158516,Recommended,286690,20106458,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vic,"This game is the most atmospheric post-apocalypse game I have ever played.I played stalker series before I played this. Just for the atmosphere, this is better.I highly recommand everyone to play this on at least survival ranger difficulty for the best experience.I normally don't like horror games. Most of them don't scare me, but if they really scare me, I would normally be so disturbed that I can't continue to play. Metro is a rare game that I feel scared at some part but can't stop playing.I never read the novel. To me the story and character motivation is sometimes not very clear or well developed, but still understandable.The atmosphere in this game is truely amazing. The lighting, the sound, the levels, the realistic designs, the creatures.. Just amazing. There are very few game could make me panic as if my real life is under threat, this game is one of them.If you are on ranger mod, don't expect a COD style FPS, most of the time stealth is the best option. And sometimes, not kill the enemy is actually better.Just few complains:Firstly, if you play on labtop, sometimes you may experience constant FPS drops, especially on your first run.Secondly, the control menu in the game doesn't show how to use the charger and your lighter. But as long as you have internet, it's fine.Thirdly, the monsters are much stronger than humen enemy. Which makes a lot of sense. But most of time all the benefit for kill monster is wasting your bullets. Some of them, like the libarian and the devil are extremely hard to kill and highly dangerous.Overall, I will give this game a 8/10.If you like post-apocalypse genre, you must play this. I regret I didn't buy this earlier."
76561198068602755,Recommended,286690,16998766,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ol Saint Nick,"About 8-12 hours of gameplay depending on difficulty.Solid, original content that is reminiscent of half-life.Overall a satisfying and fresh FPS experience."
,Recommended,286690,13370200,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JTK45,"This is a great game and has good replayability. If you have any intel graphics card this game WON'T WORK. Before i built a new PC i had an intel HD 4000 and it runs the game smoothly but ALL people, crates, and ENEMIES are invisible. So do NOT purchase this if you are useing intergrated graphics."
,Recommended,286690,17156819,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The movie director,"Good:Textures, graphics and physics are amazing. the enviroment feels very real.The story, the first hour or so is pretty boring, after that it picks up nicely and becomes challenging and exciting.Weapons, the weapons are amazing, and the attachments too. the models are well made and their functions as well.Enemies, I dont want to spoil anything about them, but theyre cool and scary as hell.The level design feels very legit and realistic, not that i know what post-apocalyptic Russia would look like...Bad:The enemies feel kinda overpowered in many situations, even in normal.Sidequests... there isnt any... like, none at all. and with a map as huge and complex as Metro 2033's, that would have been so cool, to go on other missions and explore further.8/10 this is a really good game"
,Recommended,286690,18365012,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jef,The only and most important thing as the game teached me :If I see a light before I die (mean in real life) I'm not gonna follow it.10/10
,Recommended,286690,18390820,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,kopfschuss777,"Metro is easily in my top 10 list of games.The graphics were amazing, the story was great, and it has a lot of engaging parts. The suspense and anxiety definitely remind me of when I first played F.E.A.R.There are definitely times that the game throws some challenges at you, whether you are making that challenge yourself (ie trying to kill every single person, or trying to stay stealthy), or if it's part of the game. Great action, great guns, great availability as to how YOU want to fight.There's only one downside...There seems to still be some bugs. Weird crashes at certain areas were really my only encounter, but I've read that others have continuous bug issues. For me personally, the game would get to a certain point, freeze briefly, crash, start back at the checkpoint, get to the same spot, and repeat. There were multiple days where I had to stop playing since I couldn't find any solid fixes. It would allow me to pass when I came back the next day, but it was pretty likely that it would do it somewhere else."
,Recommended,286690,18385443,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ingenium21,"Amazing Atmosphere, OK story.But the best thing about this game is how freaking scary it can be."
76561198044404999,Recommended,286690,19345786,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Shunji Niwa,10/10 ING
76561198192372746,Not Recommended,286690,19403239,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ToiletWarrior07,game is not fun at all............
,Recommended,286690,18585472,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lolot,Good story and good gameplay too..
76561198062532927,Not Recommended,286690,18538511,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BiscuitDefiler,"I played the none redux version of Last Light and really enjoyed it. So I tried to give this game a chance, but it was a turn off. The X/Y ratio of mouse movement gives what seems like a 50% boost to X movement. This game requires you to shoot fast moving targets and having odd mouse movement made it frustrating to hit shots. So for this reason I just had no desire to play the game after getting through the first few chapters."
,Recommended,286690,18540308,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pepe,"Excelente game, the history just catches you, it isnt like fallout, it is linear and has a very serious tone and for me it is better that way, the graphics are great and and the gameplay too, a must for anyone who likes post apocaliptic games"
76561198020576757,Recommended,286690,18540473,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,canaithlydian,"After 4 hours of this game, I can say two things:1. I'm terrified.2. The Redux makes this about the best FPS I've seen.The graphics (with the advanced PhysX) are awesome. They have given you the option for things to be just a tad easier, which is helpful for a player like me. The story and action has been amazing. At the point in the story where I am now, I've been left all alone. Gulp. Good thing Artyom (the main character) is a post-apocalyptic superman.I've got to get these books. Of course, I'd have to read them in broad daylight, near friends, way before bed time. :)"
,Recommended,286690,18539645,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Studious,"I have only one major complaint with this game: I have no idea what it's message is. Is it trying to point a finger at us? Does it want to say that mankid really doesn't learn from its mistakes? Or is this just a story about the resilience and determination of mankind? I have no idea. You have points in the game where it all but tells you that what you're doing is probably not that good; but then it turns right around and presents it as a black and white story. Humans are the good guys and everyone else is just the bad. The themes, if they exist, are incoherent; which leads to very tough sell in the story department. By the end I was questioning if anything I did had any impact at all; which is never a good thing when it comes to playing video games.That said, I have nothing but good things to say about the rest of the game. Its immersive. The visual effects are solid. Gameplay is smooth and responsive. Everything flows together to create a tense, unforgiving and semi-disturbing atmosphere. Every shot counts; and your time is limited. Though, to be honest I never really had any big problems with ammo shortages, even as I was unloading on enemies; but then again I was always checking around corners and hidden nooks.Its a good experience for sure. It definately could've been told better though. But for what it lacks for story, it more than makes up for with russian accents and slick motion blur."
,Recommended,286690,18539950,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Keesinator,>being able to turn your .44 magnum into a .44 rifle with modifications>using quotes from the book>scenes are mostly accurate to the book so farsolid 10 / 10
76561197988737056,Recommended,286690,18557675,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Aido,"brilliant game.great story,characters, atmosphere and action.i think its better than the second one which is aso great"
,Recommended,286690,18562181,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pickle_Nick,"I can't believe i passes this gem by when it first released. After buying this on sale, i almost feel bad buying it for so cheap. The developers deserve praise for what they've done here, this is one of the most intense shooters i've played in a while. The developer clearly shows that story based shooters are alive and well.I immedietly started installing Last Light, and i might come back and replay this as well to get different endings."
,Recommended,286690,18562250,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Atlas,"Metro 2033 is one of my favorite games set in a apocalypse world. The immersion this game provides is stunning and the visuals are amazing.The setting of metro is in the metro system underneath Moscow where people live in cities at various stations. The surface world is no more except for husks of buildings, dead plants, skeletons of people and mutants who now roam the wasteland. A new threat has emerged which has everyone scared as it blows through soldiers and people throughout the metro with ease, the dark ones. As artyom you are tasked with finding the solution to saving his home and the whole metro.Highly recommend if you enjoyed games like stalker and singularity."
,Not Recommended,286690,17449778,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,spookofspooks,"Vertical mouse sensitivity is much slower than horizontal and cannot be changed.  This makes the game unplayable for me.  Is it really that difficult to make the axes ratio 1:1?  Or put in separate sensitivity sliders for X and Y?Until I find a fix for this, I can't recommend.This is not an isolated issue:http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/610574394226186146/http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/34096318748562116/http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/617320628342347385/http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/613936039615005895/http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/34096318649504292/http://steamcommunity.com/app/286690/discussions/0/34095684719884191/#c34095684748776184"
76561198131104437,Recommended,286690,18563270,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Josh,bought it on the sale and did not regret it 10/10 playing the second one
,Recommended,286690,18563357,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,M3p0,I found the original Metro 2033 hard to play due to clunky shooting mechanics.  This time around i had a blast and was caught up in the world of Metro 2033.   I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes story driven FPS games.  It has some spooky moments and a lot of tension throughout but i found the entire game very fun and immersive.
,Recommended,286690,18531896,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,NaughtyDog321,This game is a 10/10 for me. I will have to say this is one of my most best games I own and will ever. If you have read the book just wait to you play the game to get the real metro experiance!
,Recommended,286690,18644292,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,morbid,Awesome game
,Recommended,286690,18629926,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Atreo,"If it's hostile, you kill it.10/10 ranger"
,Not Recommended,286690,18607705,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ChuckLee,"It's a russian movie, not a game."
,Recommended,286690,18620302,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Moskva,"You ever get that ""What if i just waste my money on it and not enjoy it at all?"" feeling? I had that feeling buying this. One thing is for sure, i enjoyed this story Waaaaay too much.10/10 would take Khan's sayings to heart again."
76561198207343315,Recommended,286690,18591476,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SafwanKhan,"Metro is a complete package of true gaming, it is totally worthfull of buying this game."
,Recommended,286690,18595766,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,khrom,Absolutely phenomonal.
76561198168307782,Recommended,286690,18594987,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Blaze101xx2,"I'd like to start off by saying this game is scary.  I was a little scared to play this game in the dark, but the story is so involved and grasping I just couldn't stop playing.  One con about the game is that it seemed a bit short.  Now onto Metro: Last Light.  If you are looking for a new game though, I highly recommend this one."
76561198105931977,Recommended,286690,18667710,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Percikir,"Hardly recommend even if you already bought the first version of metro 2033.In comparison with Metro: Last light Redux, this game is completely new as it uses the improved controls of last light and better DX11 support with the up to date 4a Engine. In addition, you see less of a ""console"" limitation with the games being released for the 8th generation of console."
,Recommended,286690,18667712,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,rocketbunny,WP
76561198077176950,Recommended,286690,18669259,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Yllet-Chan,"Great game if you got nothing better to do. I actually felt goosebumps sometimes (not every game like this does that!)Perhaps i'm just complaining, but at a few places the combat seemed unrealistic (i.e. sniper rifle v. massive mob - maybe last light, don't remember) And you might need to restart a mission a few times if your gas mask runs out.Overall great game."
,Recommended,286690,18669526,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pax Atomica.,"The 'yes' for this review should carry the largest asterisk in the world, presumably after the term ""Xbox-One Exclusive!"" is done with it.I never actually got around to reviewing the original Metro franchise, because I bought them both on a seperate account, they were however quite good, so this will only refer to the""Redux""version of 2033.Well that was mildly tortured and those analogies went nowhere,but a word of warning to any who haven't bought it yet, unless you buy them both, just get the""Redux""(Yes that will be in italics and quotations everytime.) version of Last Light instead, as apparently Last Light was the focal point of the""Redux""update, and 2033 got remade after the QA department went home. Metro 2033 is now more buggy than a cockroach, with stomach flu, on a Volkswagen Bug (Good review for tortured statements.). My personal favorite bug was in theDead Citylevel, when a demon flew completely through a building, into a courtyard, back out of the aforementioned courtyard, and then teleported in again, grabbed me, teleported back through the building, and dropped me at my next objective. My least favorite was the more recent game breaking bug in theFrontlinelevel, in which after releasing Communist soldiers from a Reich Cell, Artyom was shot directly in the face, and upon loading the auto-save, Artyom was so overwhemed with Deja-Vu and radiation poisoning he found himself paralyzed by fear and unable to move, or breathe, or do much of anything but pause reality.Metro 2033 (Airplane 3155) is still good,and the bugs rarely affect much other than the health of my keyboard, but I find it quite strange that the updated""Redux""version seems less polished (Not literally, the floors look much nicer in this version.) than the original Metro 2033. Given that Metro Last Light own""Redizzle""has no bugs* it just seems much more logical to chose that one instead.*Except spiders, Last Light Loves spiders."
76561198048682680,Recommended,286690,18669634,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vladeth,"A Post-Apocalyptic game that gets it right... No, not right... Perfect.For those of you that have played the ""old"" version of Metro 2033:-The redux edition brings a boost to graphics (same graphics now as Last Light)-None of the cutscenes are now 3rd person, only 1st person (good immersion!)-The combat, and to be more precise - stealth, is like in Last Light (so, better!)-On hardest difficulty you will now actually struggle for ammunition, which was one of my gripes with the previous version of the game. It just didn't feel challenging enough. Now, you may actually face ammo trouble.It seems a little excessive (to put it midly) to pay full price for those changes that I mentioned, but for those like me who played the previous games at a friend's house, and now wish to buy a copy of our own, or (god forbid!) haven't played this game yet... The redux edition is worth the price.If you liked STALKER, you will go nuts for this."
76561198085731158,Recommended,286690,18669683,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,abryss,"A well written story, and just all in all a great game. its worth the money and get both itf you can!"
,Not Recommended,286690,18628730,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SaucyRebel,"Game Crashing and troubleshooting simulator - Redux. Don't bother with this.Game was great when you actually get to play it but it constantly crashes at random points until you find a workaround. At least the crashes were consistently in the same spots, allowing you to try a bunch of different ways to get around them.Update Drivers, crash. Restart chapter, nope, crash. Buy that gun... nope, crash. Ok, don't buy gun... nope, crashed.  Don't talk to anyone or buy anything... Eureka! oh wait, nope, crash.I've spent as much time playing the game as I did searching the net for various workarounds to progress further in the game. The game literally needs a workaround just to start it when you first install it or it will crash in the intro sequence.I still played it, dammit that was my 4 dollars!Finally got to the last level, practically the final sequence. Got the gun... cut scene ended and blam, game crashed. I can't find a workaround. Just watched the ending online.Terrible experience. I don't even want to start Last Light."
76561198119108438,Recommended,286690,18663371,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[Аgent 0/7/0],Ми фашистен прехали захватить ваш станция. 10 ульманов из 10
76561198029353841,Recommended,286690,18634267,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,KGB(rus),"Very good game so far, had one crash but thats to be expected with so much going on."
76561198184417787,Recommended,286690,18634517,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Demonbat,great game great story
,Recommended,286690,18664330,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AtomSymbol,"Very good game. Too difficult in some places.Bug: Linux version has poor performance with any AMD card combined with an AMD CPU (Kaveri, quadcore). Catalyst driver (version 15.9) is poorly optimized.Bug: The game is able to utilize at most 2 CPU cores."
76561198099318827,Not Recommended,286690,18657556,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Boinz,"It was pretty fun until about halfway through the game where i got picked up by a flying thing and the game quicksaving while in the air, making me have to redo the whole game. Whenever i clicked restart from last checkpoint it took me up in the air and then i fell down through the map and then i gave up."
,Recommended,286690,18714772,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,aegorsuch,"Great story, fun combat (especially the throwing knives). If you haven't read Dmitry's books, you are doing yourself a disservice."
,Recommended,286690,18702623,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ParadoX,"Extremely good graphics, great gameplay and good story line so far!"
76561198123309495,Recommended,286690,18687435,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Choc_Of_Boxlates,"This game is the perfect balance between survival and narrative storyline. when you get this game, (and you should get this game) you must play it in a room with the lights turned off with the resolution at 1080p because that is the best way to get fully absorbed in the storyline.9/10"
76561198063892442,Not Recommended,286690,18687758,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sebastiancalamari53,Its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,286690,18722646,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Nicole Benn,"Perfect combination of action and stealth, with a healthy dose of horror. Usually I'm not one for up close and personal, but with that shotgun and nasties in my face hell yeah I'll shoot them. This game really kept me on my toes and jump scared me numerous times. Highly recommend."
76561198034938684,Recommended,286690,18723977,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sveto,"Bought game on Steam sale in bundle with ""Metro Last Light"", for around 7.5€. Great deal for both games. Redux is graphically polished game, and gameplay is the same as original Metro 2033. All in all great game!"
76561198160853197,Recommended,286690,18780626,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,chromehead,good game for story lovers
,Recommended,286690,21640990,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HooHoomanlol,very good story and very fun! love it. also check out the second game AKA last light.
76561198060451350,Recommended,286690,21629764,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ShortforRichard,"This is a high 3/5. I would give this game four stars if only it had me shooting more humans than the rat bear things. Hated those things. I liked sniping in the dark. Guns are fun except those rat bear things could just swarm you. I couldn't imagine fighting them in the regular hardcore mode. Guns are fine, except the rail gun which couldn't kill the rat bear things in one shot on full power. Disappointing. Reccomend this if you're a stickler for seeing how it began, but otherwise skip to the sequel."
,Recommended,286690,21628348,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TrendKiller,"Metro 2033 Redux and Metro: Last Light Redux are quite simply best story-driven FPS games ever made. A huge game with many memorable moments set in a highly detailed post-apocalyptic world (a nuclear devestated Moscow). Graphics, detail, gun mechanics and story are all top notch and its got characters you really care about but then again it has been inspired by a best selling book and the author has had a lot of artistic freedom to present his vision for how it should play out. Luckily for us he didnt choose to do the movie instead! Of course this is only your starting point because after you complete this game you will have Metro: Last Light Redux to look forward to which is an even bigger and better game. This game feels like a starter, where as Last Light is the main course and dessert rolled into one. Playing Metro 2033 first is essential. In fact, playing both of these games is essential. Period. You will not have lived a fulfilled life if you do not play these games."
76561198171333565,Recommended,286690,21628731,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Cicatrix,One of my favorite games of all time. Whoever liked the game also must read the book. I was lucky that i played the game after reading the book and first playthrough was awesome because of this.
76561198007010953,Recommended,286690,21454965,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Break-D.,"Really good game! Horror shooter with lots of atmosphere, creepy scenes, and absolutely recommended.Safe buy!Unfortunately, it's quite short. Nevertheless, really good."
76561198084086109,Recommended,286690,21633212,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Juggalage,"I never played the original game, but this is a great game to play even if you haven't. The atmosphere is great, the combat and stealth and balanced allowing you to complete areas in a blaze of gunfire or as a silent shadow. However, every great game has a few cons here and there.For one, the AI enemies will often times ignore your partners and go straight after you. This can be extremely challanging when you are low on ammo and health kits.And unless you Wiki or a friend tells you, you would have no idea about the alternate endings. The game features a Moral Point System, unexplained to the player. When ever you do something nice, ex. give charity to a beggar, the screen will faintly glow white and a high pitched sound can be heard. Whereas if you do something bad, kill a surrending enemy, the screen will slightly glow black and you will hear growling or an ominous growning. Every good or bad actions gives a certain amout of points, the amount not given. When you do enough good deeds, you get the (non-canon) good ending. If you play the game normally, like I did on my first playthrough, you will get the (canon) bad ending.The are great for a remake of a early 2000's game. Where it may not be as scary, in certain areas, as the original, it still keeps the dark atmosphere of a survival horror game where ammo can be very ahrd to find at certian areas.Anothing thing that was changed was difficulty, modes, and DLC. The game added in two new difficulties; Ranger Mode  and Ranger Mode Hardcore. No HUD, less health, less ammo and health kits, and combat is even harder. The game also added in Spartan and Survival Mode. Spartan is more drawn towards the original Metro: Last Light. Ammo and health kits aren't as rare, but combat is much deadlier. Survival is more drawn to the original Metro 2033, ammo and health kits are harder to find, so stealth is recommended, but combat is not as challenging. It also added the Automatic Shotgun DLC with the normal purchase.This is a very good game that I highly recommend. If you can get over the few parts that you may have to restart on because of the slight challenges, than you will love this game."
,Recommended,286690,30719498,Posted: 24 March,all,The ATF is 100% Constitutional,"Non-ranger playthrough is a singleplayer FPS game.Ranger playthrough is a knife throwing simulator.Bug on the Tower level made me lose my moral playthrough. );8.5/10 Bought during sale, would pay full price"
,Not Recommended,286690,21633666,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Seduce Me!,Buy the original version over the 'Redux'! It is the superior PC version of the game. For the Redux they basically took everything I didn't like from Last Light and added it to 2033. My main complaint is that the lighting in this game is too damn bright for an underground subway and it jacks up the gloomy atmosphere of the original release.
,Recommended,286690,21588760,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[M☾]MementoMori,great game just like the original loved it cant even say what but all in all its a work of art
,Recommended,286690,21593626,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Emberoth,"A relatively short but excellent game.The world of Metro is both beautiful and terrifying.An excellent shooter with an engaging story and a nice mix of action and horror.Surviving the post-apocalypse becomes  interesting with factors such as gas mask filters and a relatively short supply of ammunition.If you like post-apocalyptic settings, then this is a must-own."
76561198032306454,Recommended,286690,21594302,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lt Col Shepperd,yes  atrue shooter 100% happy with game ofeers stealth or run and gun load both have a hard factor about it also has a jump factor in it. also offfers a challege.no multiplayer but i find that up there with 1 of the best things about the game. finally a game that takes skill to play!!!if you play cod DONT buy this game becuase you will be awlful at it as in this game the guns actually have RECOIL!!!like i said it is a true shooter with a brilliant storyline10/10
,Recommended,286690,21594707,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Arcenist,It's an okay game. I haven't quite let myself get into the gameplay yet. It is just the old version remastered. I would only get the game if it is on sale.
,Recommended,286690,21600364,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Repaterion,"It's good game with great atmosphere, great story, and not the everage FPS shooter but you acually has to use your brain once in while. ;)I like the part where you ""build"" your own weopons from a basic gun to the finnished version that suits your need and gameplay."
,Recommended,286690,20448218,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KU6ER,Read the book too!
,Recommended,286690,21613770,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Fotis,"The Librarians scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. 10/10Seriously this game is pretty damn good. If you're thinking about buying the game, do it. It is one of the best Survival Horror games I've played."
,Recommended,286690,21839166,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sireristof1332,Perfect
76561198063883197,Recommended,286690,21812475,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,crazymonkey1905,"Damn, if you love the Metro books, you'll love this game.It follows the story of Metro: 2033 in some kind of way, but our hero Artjom fights his way trough all obstacles. The whole world looks pretty much like I imagined it while I was reading the books and, thanks to the graphics, looks awesome. We have some nice fights in there and the setting in post-apocalyptic Moscow is pretty cool.But I'll talk about the most important point of this game. The atmosphere is perfectly brought from the books into the game.Only the few weapons and linear gameplay is kind of sad.8/10 BUY IT"
,Recommended,286690,21733383,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,WittyBanter,"If you put your ear to the pipe, you will hear the voices of the the people who are telling you to BUY THIS GAME!Now, quote out of the way, let's get down and  gritty whilst almost being eaten by the nosalis on the surface as your face melts due to the radiation and a lack of filters.i believe that the Metro series is one of the most underated series of all time. The plots in these games seem to be so simple and end up intwining with each other to show how complex it actually is. Seriously, their is lore INSIDE THE LORE (INSERT DANK MEME HERE*) yes if you have the spare cash and your on the fence Definitely get this or both if you can afford it. Hell if its on offer (which it usually is :D) buy both of these games and lose yourself for a week or two in the Metro and re-emerge as the battle-scarred Russian you were always meant to be :D."
,Recommended,286690,21805667,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Actually The Real Gabe Newell,"Pərty güd, but the book was better."
76561198112581891,Recommended,286690,21729126,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Hioco,"Metro 2033 Redux ist an incerdibly atmospheric first-person-shooter.The story takes place mainly in the metro of moscow and occasionally in the ruins of moscow in the year 2033 about 20 years after an atomic apocalypse due to a third world war resulting in atomic winter. Along your journey to save your home station against a new kind of hazardous creatures you encounter various interesting characters and meet several groups of humans such as a newly formed Nazi Reich and a station of communistic fascists. I don't want to say anything further about the plot just a few words: It's not the best plot ever, the characterization could be better and hopefully is improved in the sequel I didn't play until now. However the story is still entertaining and you want to see what happens next.Gameplaywise you get different playstiles, often, but not always, you can choose wether you want to kill oder knock your enemys out stealthy or just rush through the tunnels of the moscow metro like a gunslinger. Either way ist really fun. To further underline your playstile you may choose between survival or ranger mode which grant you more or less ammo and have effect on your enemys health and the damage they deal. Though the stealth gameplay is not as good as in other games that focus mainly on stealth, it is a worthy addition in combat.For a remastered game of this age the graphics are really nice and the background music does a decent job in further taking you into the deep atmosphere of the tunnels and stations. The levels are well designed even though they are often pretty streamlined straight forward. Luckily it does not damage the overall expierience hence the tunnels and stations give you constantly a claustrophobic feeling. All the detail both in the more civilized inhabited and deserted stations is plain and simple awesome and often gave me the chills. Due to the atmosphere the game even tends to be a little scary from time to time, especially if you choose the survival mode and focus on stealthy enemy approach.I strongly recommend this game if you like well crafted singleplayer shooters with fresh settings. If you liked the stalker series, you certainly will enjoy Metro 2033 Redux!"
76561198135502849,Recommended,286690,18220379,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Warden Commander,"I love the original Metro 2033, the redux version just makes me want to play it more whenever I see the icon on my desktop. I'd recommend if your looking for a good FPS game set in a post apocalyptic world, the stories very sci-fi and enjoyable and a good challenge in the harder difficulties if you're looking for one"
,Recommended,286690,18257299,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,wuggs,"I initially bought this apocalyptic first person shooter just to test out my new rig since the game looks amazing and the redux was fairly cheap. I haven't played metro 2033 so I can't really compare the two so I'll just write a review without making a comparison to the original. Although, having watched videos of the original one I must say this is one heck of a remaster. I don't know if they changed anything else besides the huge graphics improvemenet but even if they didn't you should definitely buy the redux if you're playing this in 2015. Needless to say, I was hooked to this game and have continued playing it. If you like atmospheric shooters, with a very interesting plot you should get this one.If you have a decent pc, and some spare cash buy the redux version, the original might be cheaper but the experience can't be the same."
76561197983824219,Recommended,286690,18211086,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,The1stMohican,"This is a fantastic, story-driven, atmopsheric FPS. Play this game with your sound system cranked and lights in the room off."
,Recommended,286690,18168674,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,JovanTheYugo,"+Great atmosphere akin to Stalker+Superb graphics+Excellent story+Solid characters, although some come fast and go too soon+I really like the diary collectibles for replayablity, and adds to the story+Has multiple language/subtitle options, can play in russian/ukranian for ultimate authenticity~Decent weapon customization and selection, would have like to have seen more~Enemy AI especially for mutants is meh-Linear as hell, (however exploration is rewarded+)-Tries to be horror at times, doesn't do horror well-Low level mutants are bullet sponges for some reason"
76561198097422731,Recommended,286690,18093593,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,-DI- Tychonyx,"I wasn't sure about this game when I first bought it. I saw its sequel (Metro Last Light)  as a game used by several tech reviewers as one of their many benchmarks for video cards, so i thought I might stress-test my card with it as well to see how it stacked up. Well the thing is, I completely forgot to do it because I was so engrossed in the story. Being based off of a book, the plot was well crafted and guided you right to every task you needed to complete and it sucked me in from the second I started playing. The steampunk-esque post-apocalyptic visuals were phenominal and the voice acting and animation for the characters was masterfully done.10/10 - Loved it and will be playing again."
,Recommended,286690,19090023,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Aurelion Sass,"I just... i just don't have any words. This game mixes the best of post-apocalyptic scenarios with an amazing story behind it. I've read the book, and the game doesn't sit behind! I highly recomend this game to all of you who might be interested; trust me, your money won't be wasted."
76561198065477122,Recommended,286690,19106512,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Vlad the Inhaler,"This game far surpassed my expectations. Pick it up RIGHT NOW. You won't forget it, it's an amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10 would bomb midterms again."
76561198124507644,Recommended,286690,19064936,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,ClaymoreKyle,One of my favorite story-driven shooters of all time. Finishing the campaign left me yerning for more as soon as it was over.
,Recommended,286690,19077306,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,"Wolf, Fedaykin",One of the best Atmospheric and story driven FPS's i've played through over 5-6 times now and I still love it...I recommend this fully to anyone interested in deep story.
,Recommended,286690,19076827,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Memey c:,"It was a good game. Totally gonna give it a thumbs up. Hated the creatures tho, too creepy :PThe only bad thing was that the story was maybe a bit too short.Would recommend :D"
76561198147471473,Recommended,286690,19105359,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hitomoshi,It is a solid 9/10But don't trust Nikki
,Recommended,286690,19105746,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,sibirac,"Good game to kill time.You can choose the type of game you would like to play.not so lasting game, finished in 8.5 hours... (can be done even a lot quicker)you have alt ending which is coolnot bad storyNot scary at all though :/"
,Recommended,286690,19110192,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,chuqubaka,turn off the light crank the volume up and set survival and ranger hardcore mode and ull get the most awesome imersive game nigth ull ever have
,Recommended,286690,19098366,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CjGerz,dis is gudwud ply agin 11 / vodka
76561197982317577,Not Recommended,286690,19060072,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,R2D2,"Serious issues on Mac platform, MAC USERS: do not buy."
76561198055469309,Recommended,286690,19073918,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Caspy403,Incredibly immersive and engaging. 9/10
,Recommended,286690,19069073,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Runke ♠,This is a verry fun and challenging game!
,Not Recommended,286690,19006147,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,AveryRe,"An OS X version of this game should have absolutely never been released. Even on a high end card on late MBP models this game is completely unplayable. It is a known issue, and how this game was released regardless of that is beyond me."
,Recommended,286690,19006561,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sam Hyde,♥♥♥♥♥great game
76561197972621018,Recommended,286690,17816535,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Remo,"Bought this an Last Light in a sale few weeks back and have put quite a few hours in already, great game with excellent story and some unusual weapons.The AI works well witht he enemies always trying to find cover to get away from you.  Thoroughly enjoyed the game and would recommend anybody to play it"
,Recommended,286690,17848835,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,กระเจี๊ยว,Amazing game !!
,Recommended,286690,17779642,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Skull Pepper,"Great blind of survival\horror and first-person-shooter. In this game you can go full stealth or fight enemies head on.The story is great, unique monsters and weapons."
76561198072807797,Recommended,286690,17853772,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Craig Boone,"This game is amazing! I don't really like shooters, but this one had me on edge at all times from the get go and kept everything like that untill the end. It's definately worth every last penny!"
,Recommended,286690,17854439,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sulcataninja,this game has an amazing story and is tottaly worth the buy but only the bundle the cliff hanger is too hard to get over
76561198054829890,Recommended,286690,17869532,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Big Boss 562,A great game. Runs very well and all but it will also have issues and play like a scratch disc but overall the story and gameplay is cool.
76561198079102656,Recommended,286690,17911486,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Baldrick Sodoff,Good story.
76561198027917835,Recommended,286690,17226513,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Marsi der Zigeuner,"Definitely a very good game, I highly recommend you to play ranger mode, as the need to keep an eye on ammunition and stuff gives a little extra tickle and spice to the game :)Ah yeah, dont fight the librarians, look them into the eye.. Didnt read carefully so i wasted all my granades and stuff xP"
,Recommended,286690,17230438,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Papa Hanko,"Yes. To all the questions, you might have: yes. Does it run well, yes. Is it any good, yes. Is it still good, since it's been out for a long time, hell yes. Do you like banana milkshakes, yes you do."
76561198170178849,Recommended,286690,17325854,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sentinel,What a beautiful engine huh? I love this game and her predecessor Metro 2033. This installment has new coat of pain and a few extra gems strewn about.Its optimized for my rig.Its physics and lighting have been improved.It does not however compare to the grit and visceral textures and lighting of the original.Worth so much replay.I love this game.
76561198077026122,Recommended,286690,17325872,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Flynn Shady,Quite an experienceI felt immersed into the world of metrothe story was short but it was packed with content and experiencesI finished it in 7 hours from start to finish and I see myself replaying the story a couple timesConsidering I bought it on sale for $5 and it was well worth itif you are considering investing in this game.Do it!If you love a good story and loads of action this is the game for you
76561198125590800,Recommended,286690,17331278,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,CyberKillChain,"I just beat the game and I already miss playing it...that's how engaging the story is. Amazing graphics and I can see why ""horror"" is a popular tag for this game.Be prepared to jump in your chair.Off to Last Light Redux..."
,Recommended,286690,22928672,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,MrEtela,I've played this game for 1.5 hours in my whole life and it's already one of the best games I've played so far! I highly recommend!
,Recommended,286690,22928769,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Hylomane,"An exemplary game inspired by an exemplary novel.I didn't read the novel beforehand, the game actually inspired me to do it. That should speak volumes about the impression this game left on me. If you enjoyed Half-Life 1 (and 2) or Stalker this should be right up your alley. Even though the game is linear it still offers some replay value through which weapons you choose to carry.The expansion, Metro Last Light was also very good. I don't regret buying these games. I only regret not playing them sooner.I also recommend listening to the audio book. There is one by a guy who does a very good job of narrating it even changing voices to represent different characters.  I hope to see the Metro universe expanded in the future with a survival RPG shooter, perhaps?"
,Recommended,286690,22929048,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,=CKA=pReFy,"Having not read the books or played the original game, I had no pre-concived notions coming into this one.I really enjoyed he stroyline throughout and the different challenges that Artyom must face as he moves his way through the Metro. I also found the diversity of the enemy really enjoyable. It's not very often that you can encounter communists, mutants, nazi's and the like all the in the same game let alone the same level. Choosing weather or not to run into a situation guns blazing vs. stealthy is also a choice that I appreciate having as sometimes it is fun to be able to mix things up.I picked it up on sale and can surely say that this game was worth $5.  If I had know it was this good I probably would have played it long ago and spent the full retail price. If you are looking for a kind of dark FPS with a good story line I can't see why you wouldn't buy this one right now while its cheap!On a side note: Now that I have played through this I will likely have to read the books!"
,Recommended,286690,18023133,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,vodolaz095,"Excellent, 30+ FPS on my Fedora 21 Linux  notebook made in 2012 year! Better than Halflife 2!"
,Recommended,286690,22697271,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,gebagia,The game was nothing special at the end.. I really liked the build but as time went by the game was less good for me.-Nice atmosphere-Excellent art direction-Great graphicsCons-Problems with the battles system-Too many bugs
,Recommended,286690,22762931,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,key_notes88,"Best atmosphere, awesome story, great single player experience. I wish more games were made like this today."
76561198056974110,Recommended,286690,22739298,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,69er,"I have played this game before redux on my xbox 360 and PC and it was great. Now that Redux is out I had to play it and it gripped onto me again. Love this game, nice gameplay, awesome graphics and the best thing, replayability at its finest. 9/10"
,Recommended,286690,22743819,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Yose,"Story is fantastic and make me think about the danger of nuke weapon.Some scenes make me nervous and resource like ammo is not so much but enough to deal with.A great game indeed.If player like post-nuke background game with good story, then it is.For post-nuke simcity, might can try Fallout 4.Going to play Metre 2034:LL"
,Recommended,286690,22707556,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Göndülf,"If it's hostile, you kill it."
76561198051663166,Recommended,286690,22722345,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,CyborgEyes,"can't go wrong with this game, a master piece of game style visuals and ART!"
,Recommended,286690,17585967,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Laggzer_RJM,"Just super amazingAt times it can feel like you are lost but, in a good way and you do not know where to go. Metro 2033 defiantly needed this remake."
,Recommended,286690,22597060,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CrippledAnal,"When I played Metro 2033, I loved the story, gameplay, ect. so I looked for other metro games and found this. When I played it for the first time, I was amazed by the graphics, gameplay mechanics, and the new story it gave me to play. Everything is really different than the first Metro, and some parts of the game scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me.  Truly, a survival horror, post-apocalytic game."
76561198277161055,Recommended,286690,30656600,Posted: 21 March,all,Dr. Jan Itor,+Good story+Cool weapons+Survival Horor+Chocies matter+Great enviroment+Great graphics-No cheeki breeki :/
76561198118036816,Recommended,286690,18628201,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Xaunadu,"Amazing. Simply amazing. The combat, the graphics, it's one of those rare games you would revisit just to, well, play it again!"
76561198246009118,Recommended,286690,20889503,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ps¥cHo,"So far played only 1,5hrs but this one rocks!"
76561198071765220,Recommended,286690,21110723,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Squish,"It keeps crashing for me as I try to leave the Reich prison after being rescued :( Pls fix, otherwise I really like"
76561198174131821,Recommended,286690,21109120,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,L0cu$,This game made me hate libraries and gorillas . 10/10
76561198018089537,Recommended,286690,21091423,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ErMurazor,"Really ticked... such a great game!!! BUT on like the 4th mission or so, your with a guy named Bourbon and theres a trigger missing before a linear fight and we just stand there and nothing happens... there is no way to progress its pretty bad seeing as how I CANT PLAY PAST THIS POINT. pretty upsetting.  Gonna try last light and hope i dont have the same problems. it's funny bc i played lastlight on Xbox and the very last boss fight was bugged!! I COULDN'T BEAT IT EITHER!! crazy curse with me and these games"
,Recommended,286690,30693195,Posted: 23 March,all,teddyxfire,"Played both games, finished reading the first book by Dmitry Glukhovsky ... this whole Metro universe sucked me in and I'm not even sorry. The atmosphere is great, graphics are great, gameplay is great - everything is great. I only wish that it was longer but it really doesn't matter since both games are packed with good content.Do yourself a favor and buy the Metro Redux Bundle if you're a fan of:1.) Postapocalyptic universe2.) Eeerie atmosphere3.) Good action4.) Vodka!?Highly recommended."
,Recommended,286690,20919284,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Brianmiller9,Amazing game definitively recommended it.
76561198044996825,Recommended,286690,30694652,Posted: 23 March,all,j.krahn,"Amazing game, beautiful, intense worn down environment and the general feel of living in the old metros , crowded with fear and sickness and filth is portrayed so well. Awesome game and plot narrative"
,Recommended,286690,20935799,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Arsacius,"I have already beat the game and this one of the best FPS I have ever played.Wonderful graphics, pleasant shooting system, good music and atmosphere.And this last one is the most important.Destroyed Moscow, radioactive radiation, nuclear winter,sun which becomes killer for people because the ozone sphere is destroyed,so people ""travel"" on the surface only in night and of course metro which becomesnew home for humanity.Disadvantages? I thought game will be longer."
76561197997969723,Recommended,286690,21011714,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ColonelSidequest,"Pretty good game; a lot of cool scenes and fun action.  A few parts were really annoying (like needing to use your lighter that one time) but overall a good experience.  I liked the setting, theme, story, and pacing quite a bit.  My play time is not an indicator of how long the game is, probably closer to 10 hours."
,Recommended,286690,20977201,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,goose tongs,made me even more scared of librarians10/10
,Recommended,286690,21030813,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chrono's Hunter,"Good sotry game, awesome graphics."
76561197974088172,Recommended,286690,20988957,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,father nurgle,"I wish I'd played this before Last Light because the story is quite important.  Despite this I enjoyed it a lot, if not as much as the sequel which seemed a bit more refined.  It has a nice mix of atmospheric shooting and stealth.  I often paused to listen to the interesting stories and conversations from the npcs, which were quite fascinating.  I recommend playing on the harder difficulties."
76561197998458134,Recommended,286690,20988283,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LiquidSwords,100% worth purchasing for fans of the Xbox 360 version.What an absolute joy & spectacle it is to play this game along side Last Light.
,Recommended,286690,21166770,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Glutes,"This game is actually pretty horrifying.I didn't know what to expect when I bought this; it was on sale and I remember my friend mentioning reading the book and that there was a game for it that he also wanted. I bought it to spite him actually, but it turned out to be a really great game.Environmental/Atmospherically this game is already pretty scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Especially when you're walking or travelling alone with a somewhat clear objective but not an obvious one it can be really unnerving.Story itself is nothing out of the ordinary but the execution and the immersion that the dev's managed to pull off is pretty impressive. I really like this game so far."
76561198021974107,Recommended,286690,21115228,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,gigabyte052000,the game is good but if you can get it to work. after two days of not working i finally got it to work again. bugs are in the game but playable. if you are an advance pc user then the game is working. if not... dont know for gamers.my systemwin 7 x64ssd 128GB320 HDD for storage-game storage12G of ddr3gtx 970 reference card520w psu seasonicfx-6100 amd cpu
,Recommended,286690,21115783,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Transitive Closure,"must play!thrilling story, awesome gameplay and visuals.i was through the story in 9hrs"
76561198268802524,Recommended,286690,21155274,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Polaris,Flawless Masterpiece. Intense graphics and gameplay and a well coordinated polished plot.
,Recommended,286690,21155661,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Swan CSGO500,"This is a very well made game. Counter Strike: Global Offensive is my most played game and i was not advised to purchase this game because the CS:GO community is ""cancer causing"". I would recommend this game to anyone looking to buy this game.Thank for taking your time to read my review,SawnIf you would like to contact me, please message me on Steam."
76561197987741108,Not Recommended,286690,21142582,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Heir Apparent,"I consider Redux a major downgrade from the original in every significant category. Metro 2033 is one of my favorite shooters ever. I've completed the game at least 3 times maybe 4 I can't remember exactly. I beat the game on both Xbox 360 first, and on PC as well. I have played it on the hardest difficulty and ranger mode.Redux strips all the graphical atmosphere from the game. The fog and darkness and grit is gone. The facial model in the opening scene was such a substantial downgrade it took me aback. The gun handling is truly awful, and feels very rigid in comparison to the natural feeling I get from the original game.When you shoot in the original Metro, the gun moves very independently from the player's head recoiling without substantially affecting your view. In Redux, the gun is glued to the camera and your head recoils with the gun in a very strange and typical shooter way.Overall, I feel that redux strips all the unique characteristics from the original game in its graphics and art design and gun handling, and replace them with vanilla boring fps characteristics. Redux feels like Metro stripped clean of most of its soul."
76561197985294011,Recommended,286690,21139492,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Deez0_M1,"I love atmospheric first person shooters, Half life, Wolfenstien, FEAR, Bioshock, NOLF2, Far Cry the list goes on .. Metro 2033 redux is awesome I'm only so far into it but Im savouring every moment, hunting for ammo, trying to be sneaky apart from when its all out chaos haha Highly recommended!"
76561198060017990,Recommended,286690,21139028,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,carson_wyatt17,Badass game. One of the best storylines for a first person shooter ever.
,Recommended,286690,21116043,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,anthonyem,Excellent game. Graphics are outstanding and some enjoyable humour.
,Recommended,286690,21116269,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GodlyPoop,"This games pretty cool, Only bad thing i could say about it is the lack of gun attachments. I mean a laser and a scope thats it ?... ok then and a lack of what to do there be some part id be like um... what do i do ? i'd have to run around trying to figure it out."
76561198124794006,Recommended,286690,20993995,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,butthead,Pretty good game i like it
,Recommended,286690,21047955,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Scoot,You get to kill Communists AND Nazis.
76561198097265052,Recommended,286690,21027107,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Wolf,"An excellent FPS, and an excellent game.The story is good and the gameplay is never dull.However it can be completed in ca. 10 hoursand offers little replay value.But for the price,Metro 2033 definitely gives you your money's worth."
,Recommended,286690,16009075,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ak47guy_,10/10
,Recommended,286690,15544323,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,RDFsniper,"Really good game. the graphics are much better. the game has some uneasy trasitions, but that's about it."
76561198128189750,Recommended,286690,15564491,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Johnny The Rebelneer,"I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic games like Fallout and I play Metro 2033 and Last Light, so when this game come on sale I just had to get it and it's still a fun game to play."
,Recommended,286690,15576265,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,seventeen,"Anyone who loves a great storyline should read the book. Anyone who would want to be immersed in this captivating narrative and be part of this truly charming post apocalyptic world, should play the games Metro 2033 and Metro 2033: Last Light.You won't regret it."
76561197989275370,Not Recommended,286690,15430509,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jonno222,"finally got around to win 7 64, got ripped off buying this pre release, never again (they sold the game, THEN announced they were dropping 32 bit..) so i now have 5 hours on record, WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP THIS PORT IS!! SO BUGGY ITS MORE LIKE AN ALPHA THAN EVEN A BETA!! the original games are both supurb..SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,286690,16435060,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Breitbart,just buy the redux packyou'll thank me lateralso you need a decent pc to experience it properly
,Recommended,286690,16437364,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kardashian . net?,"This game seems great so far! Graphics are amazing, story-line is excellent and the general aspect is great!"
,Recommended,286690,16362744,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[YT]Hohiboo,"Amazing game!  Great story, beautiful graphics, amazing gameplay, and quite an in depth game.  I recommend this game to anyone who wants a new, fun game to play"
76561198059875866,Recommended,286690,16364019,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Timmy,Good Game <3!
,Recommended,286690,16364424,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gay nigga,"Metro 2033 is one of the scriest games ive every played and ive only played 5 hours, the only not so good parts of this game is each mission is massive..... and there is only one way to do it right. You will spend alot of time playing this game going around in circles trying to find where you should go,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself all the way from all of the scary creatrues that will try to kill you. Like every review I make i have to say this.♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052728844,Recommended,286690,16366879,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Soltek,"I spotted this in the Summer 2015 sale and decided that it was a must try every since reading the novel by Dmitry Glukhovsky last summer. Metro 2033 places you in the control of a one Artyom who must strive to survive the atrocities that have befallen his homeland of Moscow during the global nuclear holocaust.The setting of the game is underground in the moscows metro stations where humanity has been forced to reside to avoid the radation that has inflicted the land. As the events of the game unfold, you will be encountering various asortments of enemies from the Dark ones (paranormal, mutated humans) to newly arisen factions of that have tried to indoctrinate the people of the metros into following their ideologies (Communist 'Red Line' & Fascist 'Fourth Reich').My overall impression of the mechanics of the game are highly recommended with wonderful detail given to all of the NPCs, each of which seem's to have been assigned their own unique personalities (Rare). I would suggest strongly to have sufficient hardware to run the game properly, as the attention given to the atmosphere of the game really comes across with good sound & visuals. My favorite FPS in along time. Great adaption from book to game.SummaryPros:+Breathtaking atmosphere and world design+Unique setting+Decent story+Interesting characters+Realistic (Ammo in short supply between stations as you'd expect)Cons:-Mediocre enemy AI-Story could of been longer-I wish i could of played as Khan :')"
76561198047552221,Recommended,286690,16337182,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pozdnyshev,Much better than I expected. I didn't finish 2033 because of Redux. And now I see that it was the right decision. Not only the graphics but the atmosphere in general has improved greatly. A must-have series definitely.
,Recommended,286690,16377143,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"oHaiYo ""Jack""","After running from gigantic monkeys diving from gargoyle rip offs, i can now say that after completing it in 8 hours Metro 2033 Redux is a game that puts thE atmo in spheric, getting scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ coutless of times, getting destroyed by a gang of nazis and watching my comrades die. This game is definetly around a 8.5/10 im now proud to say bring on LAST LIGHT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,286690,16382381,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,the d,This game should be in your list of must haves.
76561198144478334,Recommended,286690,16383811,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Theneonviper,Really fun although i would recommend you buy while it's on sale because its only like 7 hours long. 8/10
,Recommended,286690,13490537,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Papa Hash,Roller Car Simulator
,Recommended,286690,16344667,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,"Its Metro 2033 just betterit has a few bugs but nothing game-breakingthey really put a lot of effort into making this and you'll notice itit has stunning visuals, great music, great atmosphere, its scary in the right places, all in all its a great game.i'd rate 9/10"
76561198214160808,Recommended,286690,16481349,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dragon longsword DEUS VULT,gr8 game
76561198001251929,Recommended,286690,16488610,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KasperKyd,One of best shooting games ever with stunning Graphics and Game play
,Recommended,286690,16488740,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,eduardo,"- Interesting story with unique moral consequences for certain actions- Beautiful map/scenery- Some replay value, due to the small element, you'd see in a Telltale Games series.8/10 - IGN"
76561198089859674,Recommended,286690,18751438,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Señor Zeus,"I hadn't played the original Metro 2033 but I bought this game and Metro Last Light and thoroughly enjoyed playing the both of them. If you want something with a good story behind it and yet scary but exhilirating to play, i recommend this game."
,Recommended,286690,18706421,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Naero,Genuinely one of the best games I've played in years.
,Recommended,286690,17007106,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,uLILgunSISSY =D,"They did such a damn good job with the Mac version of Last Light I'm surprised they♥♥♥♥♥♥this out for Mac gamers.Update; I originally posted this rant/review July 12th after waiting frustratingly for a fix. Deep Silver offers not much more than an apology and states ""it's being worked on"" with no dates or promises. Here, October 3rd and it runs as much as garbage as it did the initial time I tried. Looking at the shadows cast by some items on another I'd say the game is attempting to render in 2D mode as it's dithered rather than rendered with an alpha blend.Real POS work on this one, guys!MacPro 4,1/16GB RAM/GTX 680 2GBLast update was Oct 3, this one, Oct 29;With Apple releasing the Mac OS X 10.11.1 update NVIDIA immediately had updated drivers available and the game is FINALLY PLAYABLE! Not only is this game playable, it runs gorgeously! The advanced graphics stand out immediately and Last Light Redux looks and plays gorgeously as well. Better than the original.Anyway, NOW, no thanks to the developer it seems, I recommend this game. It has cool, varied locations, great graphics and gameplay and an okay storyline."
76561198025686196,Recommended,286690,27775990,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gerald.good,"OK, I'm changing my review of this game. I gave it another shot, and although I found it pretty frustrating at times, the concept and the execution of it made it pretty fun. Since I got it for only a few bucks I think I got my money's worth.Even though I played the game on the lowest difficulty level, I would say the difficulty is still fairly high. The areas that require gas masks, especially at the end, don't allow for any mistakes or exploring. A filter better fall on your head while you're running around or else you're screwed. I found myself ""starting from last checkpoint"" about a million percent more times on the last three or so levels.There were also many levels were I just couldn't figure out where to go or what to do. Maybe it hurts the ""immersion"" but an in-game map with some pointers would go a long way. Luckily there are several walkthoughs online for hints - even with some of those it took me a while to figure it out. Also, a walkthrough written by a console player has phrases like ""you can easily jump from platform to platform"", that are quite frustrating, because running and jumping simultaneously is trickier with a mouse/keyboard combo. OTOH I think aiming and sniping are easier with the keyboard/mouse so I guess it's a trade off.One other pet peeve was only being allowed to have three guns at any time. Yes, even this is not very realistic, but I'm not going to trade away my four-barrel shotgun maxed out on ammo to try out a gun I know nothing about. (I did this once with the Helsing, and while it was kind of neat, I went back to the revolver for head-shotting Nazis.) I didn't once use the pneumatic weapons or some of the other automatic rifles besides the AK-47 and Kalash - again, if I have my rifle tricked out with sights, a stock and silencers, do I want to just drop it for what might be a glorified BB gun?So, to sum up, this game has a cool vibe, an interesting story (for an FPS), and enough fun gamplay to make up for a few overly frustrating levels. If it's on sale for < $5, pick it up, you could do a lot worse.ORIGINAL REVIEWI rarely play FPS games, but seriously, I expect to be able to get past the first level of the f*%king game.I want a refund."
76561198016567507,Recommended,286690,18747946,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mr. Wolf,"Amazing game with a lot of quality FPS action, horrific and original scenery and a plot from a best seller.9.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,18744028,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Broken Man,"If I had a dollar every time there was a high pitched ringing sound, I would have enough money to pay for inner ear reconstructive surgery.2033/2033 would get tinnitus again."
,Recommended,286690,18762953,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"Look below for my review of actual gameplay and general story and atmosphere taken from my review of the first game.Metro 2033 Redux is essentially a remastered edition of the original Metro 2033 game release really not all that long ago.  But the best news, is that this Redux edition, is actually an improvement, and not only that, but improves on anything and everything in the original game that needed improved on.This version has better looking graphics for sure and a tweaked lighting system from the first game, lightening and darkening areas of the game accordingly.  With VERY minor changes to the flow of the story and available options during the storyline, the games story/plot is virtually exactly the same as the original.The developers also actually took the time to revamp the combat mechanics and the movement controls and whatnot.  The gun mechanics are much more fluid and feel a lot better and the character seems to move better as well.  The overal game control just feel much smoother.  Not to mention this version seems to have some performance tweaks from the original to provide a better playing experience on a wider variety of PCs.Basically, if you are interested in the series/this game at all, buy this version, and not the original if given the option, as this version is objectively better in every possible way.I would recommend this game to anyone interested in the series that enjoys post-apocalyptic adventures and First-Person Shooters.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Metro 2033 is a very well made game with a very memorable story to boot and graphics that really rocked for the time the game was released, and still look pretty damn good today.You play as the Russian Artyom, in the year 2033, well after a nuclear winter has destroyed the surface world of Earth and the people of Russia have been forced underground to live in the metro tunnels due to how inhabitable the surface became.This is all to mention nothing of the creatures that now lurk the Earth. Moscow is now home to what it's people call Nosalises, Demons (""♥♥♥♥♥es"" if your name is Bourbon), Librarians and more. These are mutated, radiated and otherwise newly created/modified/evolved creatures that apparently aren't fond of humans. The Nosalises are similar to large mutated mole-dogs with variants of many types ranging from flying to a rhino variant. The Demons are large flying creatures, resembling a cross with a bat/gargoyle and possible tiger. The Librarians are the real threat here; Large, muscular, haired, gorilla-looking beast that likes to snort around and bare their teeth. The developers did an amazing job with bringing these creatures to life in this game, and really letting the player know that they aren't to be trifled with. The general lack of ammo and medkits, coupled with the available frequency of encountering some of these creatures really makes you start to respect the game atmosphere and possibly cause to you be more cautious when navigating the game world to avoid certain death when you're low on ammo.This game runs on ammunition. Ammunition is the currency of the game world, as well as your primary source of self-defense (provided you have something to shoot the bullet out of). The developers really did a great job of making the ammunition just hard enough to find on any difficulty that most players will be required to start thinking of how much they have, how much they're using and what weapons would be best to use. They also implemented some really cool weapons in the game, such as the ghetto-rigged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun, which is really only good at overheating itself and using up ammo, but you'll likely encounter a time when it's all you got.The characters in the game develop well and you can actually get to know some of them and develop a relationship/attachment to them. They all have unique personalities, even down to their names. The game spends a lot of time trying to get you acquainted with the different characters, and does a great job of it.The graphics and sound are very well done. The graphics, despite being an older game, can still give newer hardware a bit of trouble due to the un-optimization of the game I believe. The world design is great, especially the moment you first step foot outside of the metro and see Moscow in the aftermath of the nuclear fallout with a Demon flying above crumbling gray buildings, Nosalises running across things and your gas mask glaring and frosting up."
76561198085611310,Recommended,286690,18762340,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AYY LMAO,ENJOYED VERY MUCH PLAYING THIS GAME 10/10
,Recommended,286690,29732304,Posted: 5 February,all,Bobbleplx,"Yeah okay I'll recommend it if you're into this sort of thingP.S: Don't install the first time setup, I got a bunch of freezes and crashes after it installed itself, just select ""no"" when it asks if you want to let this program make changes to your pc every time you boot the game up"
,Recommended,286690,18564304,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,død kråke,"Already having Metro 2033 in my steam account and hating the controls of the game (the guns are very ""jumpy"", for lack of a better word) I decided to try 2033 Redux since everybody mentioned that the controls were much closer to those of ""Last Light"". Oh boy were they right! This now feels like the perfect mix of Survival Horror and FPS, with a gameplay that immerses you in the game and doesn't let you go. I'm really in love with the game and very grateful that this re release came out so good."
,Recommended,286690,18575493,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,♋This Wild Life♋,Very nice graphics and well maintained game. Although i have experienced some bugs and glitches. But still a nice game.
76561198237919386,Recommended,286690,17961657,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Fauskey,Great game!
76561198015573561,Recommended,286690,18560222,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MorningGhost,"I'd played the original Last Light which is the second in the series and found it very tedious to play with a disappointing ending. I didn't understand the story having not played the first one. I purchased Metro 2033 Redux which was on sale at a low price. It was a little better than the first but a bit of spolier here it ends on one of those quite annoying dream sequences which is a pet hate of mine. I played on the default normal settings which was easy to complete, which was fine for me due to the nature of the game. I completed it in a couple of evenings and I wasn't trying to rush it. For the amount I paid I can't complain but its very linear and old fashioned by todays standards.  Some of the cut scenes were overly long particularly at the beginning when you spend most of your time frustratingly walking around listening to moronic comments. But the pace does later pick up. It passed a few hours and isn't bad at the sale price.  Good if you have ran out of other games to play, and want to entertain yourself with a not too demanding First Person Shooter with a slightly interesting, enigmatic story line."
,Recommended,286690,18566159,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,EtanDaGmetThingThatsJustThere,Lovrrreeree it havent even finished the game
,Recommended,286690,18582988,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Grudgeon,"Metro 2033 is a horror survival shooter with a deep story, keeping you interested with both intense combat and nearly cinematic ""breaks"" as you travel through the Metro.The Redux edition boasts beautiful graphics for a game at this pricepoint, and preforms flawlessly on a midrange gaming PC.I would recommend this game to anyone who is searching for an immersive gameplay experience.9/10"
,Not Recommended,286690,18570573,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sir Christof the Improper,"This game is highly overextimated.First of all, i played with Ranger difficulty, which from the description seems very hard, but instead it was stupidly easy.It describe you how resources are scarce and all, but instead there was plenty of everything, and most of the time you could simply go on with the Throwing Knife, which is so terribly overpowered, having the ""one shotting everything even hitting a toe"" mechanic straight from Call of Duty.I regret not going with Ranger Hardcore.This game offer you an ""immersive"" environment, and reward you for exploring... but at the same time has the ""timed filter mechanic"" that force you to do everything as fast as possible. Why? How can i explore and enjoy the ambient if I can't stop, and i'm always running?Then, i don't get with it need to go all supernatural and stuff. It's a post-apocalyptic game with survivors, mutants and monsters. Awesome. Why do it need ghosts? Completely out of place.And in the end, it's short."
,Recommended,286690,18012405,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dom™,"Go and buy that Metro Redux, it's awesome. Some call it masterpiece, indeed it is."
76561198121570419,Recommended,286690,18053693,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Death The Moulder,"It was a classic when it first came out and it will always be a classic >.Re Rendered Graphics (REDUX).keepin it freshI also like that it is a challenge & will always give you that feeling of loneliness.It aint't know Fallout but if you have never played it then i would say buy it and use your M/K to play it, do not rely on your Control pad! it is better with the M/K as it gives you more to do and causes stress at times trying to multi task with the K/B."
,Not Recommended,286690,17450956,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,FoxClass,"This game is a mess.  Terrible AI, voice acting, story, and gameplay.  If the game didn't crawl and force you to sit through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialogue then you could beat it in about 15 minutes."
76561198086123913,Not Recommended,286690,17451686,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Miracle,good game unfortunately very short
,Recommended,286690,17452445,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Holz,"Really, Really good game. even on low graphics it is terrifying. worth the 24.99$ price tag. Really, Really hope Metro 3 becomes a reality.9/10"
76561198075232189,Not Recommended,286690,17452748,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,trump2020,game is trash.
76561198203047059,Recommended,286690,17453106,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,jakinator,amazing
76561198047767615,Not Recommended,286690,17456106,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Spagett,"Story way too short and simple. Good atmosphere in some places, cool graphics and a few really cool moments. A lot of potential but it doesn't live up to the hype. Lots of people that are positive about the story and the way it is told. Seriously? Some voice acting is good but the bulk is mediocre. 6,5/10, meh"
,Recommended,286690,17456887,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Annabel/Lee,"When you play Metro 2033, you play for the atmosphere; tensing your every muscles as you walk around the corner to find a ♥♥♥♥ing Librarian is stalking you.Metro is level design and a testament when developers get their♥♥♥♥♥♥right, great game is made. It's achievement hunting at its finest. It's has darkness and it also has... spiders.You play as Artyom, a young man just turned 20 and was tasked a critical mission by an unknown ranger from a far away land. You rebel against your father and look what it does to you. That's right, ♥♥♥♥ing Librarian.I personally have not beaten the game but am very close to. I might change my opinion on this game as I progress but so far it's captivating. Have not played the OG Metro 2033 but I can say that the Redux version brings a very memorable gameplay. It looks pretty too. I mean you can't go wrong with a remastered version, can you?Have not experienced any lags or bugs, fps drops are scarce and it plays smoothly.Looking for a post-apocalyptic game with a different twist, a bit linear and has a good♥♥♥♥♥story then this is for you.Get this! (on or off sale)"
,Recommended,286690,17462947,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Gibson585,"Fantastic Sci-Fi shooter, very immersive."
,Recommended,286690,17413209,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ShOdinReepr,"Got this one last steam sale and I'm totally enjoying the ""make over"" this game got from the original Metro 2033. If you enjoyed the original or just like very immersive and stylized FPS shooters, this is definitly the one to get. If your PC is in proper working order, this game runs and looks amazing on the right (mid-range) hardware and runs smooth at high FPS."
76561198041809817,Not Recommended,286690,17421363,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Asmoth,"Too scripted - no freedom. Do not recommend -sadly,"
76561198030607210,Recommended,286690,17466030,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Spirit,"Metro 2033 Redux is  a story-driven FPS that places alot of emphasis on action and narrative campaign. It is a very good game and I highly recommend to get bundle. (Metro 2033 and Metro Light Redux, which I got it for just $10. It is an excellent deal.)"
,Recommended,286690,20401891,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HorizOne,"Super Scary!I really really like this game, even though the graphic isnt too good but this game is actually so much fun to play (and scary).Sorry for my bad english! :D"
76561198081097693,Recommended,286690,20426984,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,FightingNotebook,"Bought this on the Steam Sale last summer. I really enjoyed it, and would definitely recommend for you to check it out. It's a great story with a very convincing atmosphere"
76561198141760631,Recommended,286690,20417607,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ABO-MUTAR (no mic),thank you for the game
,Recommended,286690,20424579,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Savage,Very fun but i made the accident of playing hardcore ranger mode
,Recommended,286690,20422189,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Remilia,"One of the best story driven FPS games i've ever playedthis game has only one flaw : ""Artyom can't speak in front of people, he just spoke to himself before starting a new chapter"""
,Recommended,286690,20436269,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,⛧Madara Uchiha⛧,10/10 great game
76561198044218149,Recommended,286690,20436569,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MrSpanky,Post-apocalyptic fun? Buy it. No questions asked.Great game and even greater updates in the redux version.More developers like these are needed.
,Recommended,286690,20432070,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cedde,"Great game but one downside however, this is the first game that presented me with annoying bugs, in the last mission of the game, when I press continue, the game suddenly crashes back to my windows desktop. Even if you reboot the game, the problem still exists.The only thing that worked for me was replaying the specific mission from the beginning which worked in my case but apparently I’m not the only one complaining about glitches and bugs."
,Recommended,286690,20398259,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Spoties,I love this game :D But book is better :P
76561198110525592,Recommended,286690,20415729,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ashniu123,Really good game and Very under rated
,Recommended,286690,20416694,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,B R A Z Z E R S,Just get it. You will thank me later.
76561198037377422,Recommended,286690,20414502,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Campy the Terrible,"There's things about the remake that were improvements over the original. And there's things about the remake that were steps backward. NPC face models: an improvement. Adopting Last Light's inventory system: a step backwards. Overall though it's a worthy remake of a great game. Plus they added a few areas to explore, so even if you've beat the original 2033 a dozen times, there's a bit of an incentive to do it again.Bottom line: buy the original Metro 2033, or buy the redux. Hell, buy both, they're dirt cheap during the sales. But if you haven't played this game, you need to fix that."
76561197975817187,Recommended,286690,20295109,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,e300vkb,"Im split on this game.Its good, looks ok and plays quite well.BUT. Its to hard and even when your not getting fedup it can feel a bit monotonous.The problems are the survival and linear level approach. Combined this means youll be running out of filters, ammo and kit forcing you to restart the level or even go back to the previous one (or futher... ) to reset your mistakes.Monsters come in droves and will eat ammo and health. You can stealth it - but this is an 'FPS'....And theres ranger mode - probably the best way to play it. But outside of trading i had no idea how much ammo i had left. And how much health do I have? In real life i can feel the pain or see the damage. In a game i can only rely on a red flashing screen. Realism or silly...????Its not all bad, i enjoyed the combat against humanoids and the story is imo ideal for a FPS. Its Doom style, your an aimless hero blundering on cluelessly.But i played it through refering to a game guide. even then there are some annoying checkpoint saves that get tedious if triggered at the wrong point. But atleast i wasnt running out of filters and new what to buy from where.Ultimatly id give the game 6/10. Its worth playing with a guide at the deal prices, but its to frustrating otherwise. Its like stalker with less bugs and less freedom. More polished but not half the game.This games sequal is imo much better - the plot is pointless but the game is nicer to play with less of the frustration."
,Recommended,286690,20313832,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fattdogs,"I have played six hours, i just made it to the first time you are alone in the metro, right after evading the nazi scum... and now let me tell you, im a complete scardy cat on movies and games, but this game is so good and so immersive that i want to keep playing, but at the same time not spoiling my computer chair, i have to go through this battle of my mind and my fears, to continue playing this game... now to a normal person they would just like to continue and play on through, but right here, with me, its like im the one in this situation in the game, with my head screaming no but my feelings say i have to. That is how immersive the game brings you in, and it is by far one of my favorite games in my steam library, and i would rate:  10/10, definatly would be the dumb guy in scary movie again"
76561197985903334,Recommended,286690,20312332,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Wayzz,"Such a great ♥♥♥♥ing game, too bad its really short. I loved this game so much.."
,Recommended,286690,20654242,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Foxy,"Amazing game with an amazing story, I got it on sale 7 dollars for both Metro 2033, and Metro Last Light. Unbeatable for about 20+ hours of gamplay. This game will go down in my book for one of the best single player FPS games."
,Not Recommended,286690,20672722,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SephiaSky,Can't even start the game. It always crash.Don't Nvidia graphic card users don't buy this game.
,Recommended,286690,20690646,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AirDrifter,"Brilliant game with an immersive atmosphere, the game can be mysterious and the storytelling will keep you engaged wanting to learn more. Gameplay wise is pretty solid with a variety of enemies to kill. For a post apocalypse game it nails what it is trying to accomplish by making you feel like the world is in ruins and that you are out there trying to survive this hellish world that you have been born into. Overall a solid game that looks even better as the redux version"
76561197968508164,Recommended,286690,20775709,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Yangshao,"had some annoying moments. definitely not the best fps but if you played all good ones already, give it a try. worth the 5€ at sale."
,Recommended,286690,20802395,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"Awesome.If you are into S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games then this is really quite an amazing Action Adventure and the accent is quite refreshing too. Looks great, combat is fun and challenging and story is intriguing and the whole atmosphere is very well done. Unfortunately it's quite short like thirty hours or so and even though you can replay different chapters I find the replay value to be quite low in regards to the story, because it's quite linear in story even though there are some tactical choices, it's not RPG and there are no dialogue choices. Replay value comes from different combat styles.Still I would definitely recommend it."
76561198217099999,Recommended,286690,18662282,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bahrein,Now that a beautiful game especially the Redux version.Graphics are great well balanced even the slow PC-s can run it and enjoy this awesome game with a huge amount of scare part in it.I recommend playing it at night.And i highly recommend buying the game and even better buying the book.
,Recommended,286690,18821712,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mc_Luvin,"if you are thinking about playing it, stop thinking and just do it. this game is so overwelmingly great that I just can't explain it, if you want to know what its like just go and play it.pros:+epic game play+great graphics+intense+plays great even on a macbook+just overall awesomecons:-ammo supplythat are all the cons, there are no more cons this game is just plain awesomeness.10 out of f*ucking 10!!"
,Recommended,286690,18851621,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Interactive Civilian,"I give this game a yes recommendation only if you don't already have the original Metro 2033 but instead are coming to these games for the first time. The ""Redux"" features just aren't all that compelling to buy the game again. Unless you also enjoyed Metro 2033 and want an excuse to play it again and be able to go for all of the achievements again. ;)This is very much an on-rails linear shooter without much in the way of exploration and nothing at all in the way of open world. That's fine; just know it going into the game. Otherwise, this game is quite good and has an amazing atmosphere. It's an interesting story. The environments are amazing. The characters and character designs are pretty good. The voice acting in English is acceptable (for some real immersion, set the audio to Russian and turn on English subtitles; mind you, you may miss some audio cues from not knowing what guards are saying as only main conversations are subtitled, I think).All in all, it's a good game. Definitely worth getting if you are new to the Metro games. Maybe worth getting on sale if you already have the originals of the Metro games."
76561198051984188,Recommended,286690,18841992,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Damnnn nice story plot and guuudd FPS gameplay XDDD  Although there are some glitches and bugs , it is a 9/10 game :D"
76561198050815561,Not Recommended,286690,18831132,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TusukanMautJanda,HOROK TENAN
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,286690,18841226,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ezoe,Really boring and I regret buying it.
76561198061875436,Recommended,286690,18885345,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,khriz,"Nothing needs to be said about this game, JUST GET IT, NAOW!"
76561198302324145,Recommended,286690,30479680,Posted: 12 March,all,0V3RDR1V3_SA,is all rownd good game
76561197967109696,Recommended,286690,12688418,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sweet_G,"Just played this for 2 hours straight never played the original. Personally I really enjoy the look. feel, and playability. The combat is indeed a bit quirky and the AI is pretty mediocre but the game itself is immersive and very fun. 8/10. Worth the money in my opinion."
,Recommended,286690,12702402,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,GamingallGenres,"Amazingly good quality re-master, graphically. This story is pretty rich just like the original game.WARNING though!: This game is very buggy and without a lot of luck with saves, you could find the CTD's (Crash to Desktop's) a problem, since no error code is given and it can result in the game becoming unplayable."
76561198141402327,Recommended,286690,12703205,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ScootyPuff_Sr,Beatiful fun game. great story. fun gameplay but very little replay value
76561197980730821,Recommended,286690,12703814,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Eternal Champion,"With the exception perhaps of Stalker: Shadow of Chernobyl, there is no other game that I've ever played that immerses me more into an incredible environment than Metro 2033. I own both the original and the Redux version, and recommend the latter without reservation."
,Recommended,286690,12710822,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Karma Kid',"After I finished the game it felt like I've just watched a great movie and this movie was 18hrs long. The definite difference between this and a great movie is that you can watch this again in higher difficulty.The experience was very immersive, it felt like I was living in the subway scared for what's waiting in every corner, it exceeds my imagination on how a post-apocalyptic nuclear world should be.If there was no bug in this game, it would've been an easy 10/10.Still.. at least in my case, the bugs was not as evil as LL redux's"
,Recommended,286690,12649465,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Badulf; Jötunn,"I'll tell you what, yeah I have the original copy of this game. The Redux has it's visual perks and has good gameplay; now I'm also seeing people rage quitting from this game because people don't understand the concept of what it is to be in a world where you have to fight to survive.My advice, don't bother buying new weapons there are always good drops and you can always mod the guns at stations. That way, no ammo currency is wasted on guns that you can easily loot off of dead bodies or enemies. Second, sell the bullets that you are not using, and stock up on the bullets that you have the guns for. Really, all you need is an AK-47 with scope for long range and a shotgun for close encounters. Same thing with medkits and filters, you can find a lot off of dead bodies or if you really need them at least you'd have the ammo to pay it off.  Double barrel takes time to reload, so use the single barrel. Aim for the head, very effective. Special ammo should be used on demons if you really feel like a cowboy; these methods have been effective for me it maybe different for some."
,Recommended,286690,12651910,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,💝Dookers💝,Great game but from times it crashes and also you can reach places where there graphics missing. But other than that it's is recommended.
76561198138053186,Recommended,286690,12653822,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Danny_Daniel,"One of the best FPS's I have played in a long long time, and I have played a lot"
,Recommended,286690,12734526,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kant Destroyer,"A great game.Beautiful graphics, great gameplay, brilliant story, scary atmosphere.PERFORMANCE, BUGS AND OTHER TECHNICAL STUFFI personally didn't encounter any bugs, game works like a charm even on my laptop (i5 3210M 2.5GHz 2-core, nVidia GT 630M 2GB VRAM, 4 GB RAM) on low settings (but still looks amazing). I just had to reinstall stuff from redist folder, as steam forgot to...FOR METRO NEWBIESOk so now you are probably thinking if you should buy this game or not. You should like it if:You like games that are scary because of atmosphere, darkness, lack of ammo, sounds, etc.You love post-apocalyptic enviroment as I do (what is it about that eastern europe - apocalypse relationship? Metro, Stalker, even Half Life 2 is considered to be in east. europe...)You like games where you just don't put one brick at LMB and another one on W, but you have to scavenge areas, maybe sometimes try stealth, cover and try to flank enemies... (ok, enemies are really stupid so the brick way also works on normal difficulty, but it is boring) - as for stealth, it is pretty easy, you just have to wait until two guards finish talking and then you just meelee kill both of them, or you just headshot them with silenced weapons (which doesn't always work for armored enemies)You like games that have good story (even that there are some parts where you just listen to people talking or follow somebody or whatever, so you don't shoot 90% of time)FOR PLAYERS OF ORIGINAL METRO 2033Yeah, this might be a hard decision. The story is mostly the same, so I will just write hereimportantstuff that is changed:Few more rooms and areas, some places (like Outpost) are changed a little. If you have been searching whole areas for loot in original, you will find these new places, if you didn't, you won't. It is that simple.Weapon customization. I really missed this in original, as you couldn't build a weapon that you would really like. That was weird. Now there is this Metro LL system, which is one of things I liked in Metro LL the most.Better combat. V for meelee and C for special weapons instead of mouse wheel. Also very simple.Artyom's diary. Not important, but it is nice to see Artyom's personal opinion on events happening arround him. Also it makes you want to search surroundings even more.And that's all that matters. Then there's just better graphics (yea, that one is good, but I don't think many owners of original would buy this one just because of graphics), better cutscenes (from 1st person view), and merged levels (this one is bull♥♥♥t, not important). Bad thing are, Khan looks totally wrong (they used LL model, so he looks like a perv - especially when he is talking to you onCursed station and he has that weird smile on his face) and stupid LL filter system (time, not filter pieces). And a portable flamethrower. Yeah,PORTABLE FLAMETHROWER. But you can enjoy it only in the end of game. That's sad.Don't forget to play with russian audio and subtitles. This adds a LOT of atmosphere to game. Also if you will like the game, read the book."
76561197972232265,Recommended,286690,12725811,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Smike,Do you like killing monsters and looking for ammo well here is your game1. great shooter2.great combat3.pretty scary4 play as a russian guy5.great graphics and smooth fps6.ammo and health is hard to find (loot)7 love the weapons8 nice voice action9 this is a great game its worth the money you will love this game 10/1010.buy it
76561198141782811,Recommended,286690,12721107,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,adamremez,"Really enjoyed Metro 2033 Redux and Last light :) fantastic graphics, sound and combat game play FPS. See from the forum that a lot of people reported bugs and other issues. I experienced no issues at all. Quality."
,Recommended,286690,11913211,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,taylorton147,"really great make over, alot of gameplay overhauls while still keeping the immersion which was so great about the first game. a few bugs that need to be ironed out but i'm sure they will patch it, last light was the same when it was first released"
76561198030850932,Recommended,286690,11913439,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Nasa,"Of the two reduxes 2033 Redux is the one to get. Major graphics update and pretty good gameplay changes. New game ""styles"" are somewhat pointless and make starting a new game over complicated. Access to weapons has been changed up quite a bit and some gameplay aspects have been removed while certain weapons have been added.Overall as I said before this is the one to get. Not enough changes IMO to justify getting Last Light Redux."
76561197963869275,Recommended,286690,11914498,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Work,"Very impressed with this remake. Beautifuly crafted characters and environments, superbly polished and optimised for PC hardware.This is how all games should be made!"
76561198009048895,Recommended,286690,11915171,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Maxrob1,10/10 Amazing game
,Recommended,286690,11916684,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Reaper,"graphics 10/10gameplay 10/10story 10/10soundtrack and sound effects 10/10never had any performance issues. all settings on max (SSAA is off )the only problem with this game is that its underrated,more people need to know how good this game is and play it."
76561198097314547,Recommended,286690,11917892,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,CantFightTheSystem,If you haven't gotten the chance to experience the Action/Horror THRILL that is Metro 2033 then I would definitely reccomend Metro 2033 Redux! Yes there are some bugs but they are not game breaking. So if you want to play Metro the way it should be played then hop on the rail car and keep the Nosolises off your back! 9.5/10!!!!!!
76561197996777932,Recommended,286690,11917942,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TheAugmentedMuffin,"Metro 2033 is an atmospheric first-person survival-horror shooter, and it has been recrafted in it's sequel's far superior engine.If you've never played Metro, now is the perfect time to jump in, as both 2033 and its sequel, Last Light have been re-released for the PC, PS4 and XBOX ONE for a discounted price.In the past, Metro 2033 was a largely masterful if wonky study on atmosphere, with some odd design decisions that kept it from being a great game. While they are a market step up, the improved visuals are not the main draw of this remaster. Rather, the shooting mechanics are far tighter, the field of view and screen effects in general are not as immersion-breaking and the audio experience is rebalanced and much improved. The stealth mechanics are lifted wholesale from Metro: Last Light, and therefore both improve and hinder the gameplay. The stealth in Last Light was too forgiving, and 2033 Redux cannot escape this gameplay rebalance. Even with 2 separate modes to choose from, Survival (closer to the original Metro 2033 release) and Spartan (Balanced with a focus on action a la Metro: Last Light), Metro 2033 Redux is noticeably easier than the original. Having said this, the original release had a series of half-baked stealth mechanics that were entirely broken, so having playable stealth is a first for 2033, and a welcome addition.This should not be taken as a negative review. The nitpicks outlined above are just that, and Metro 2033 Redux is worth every discounted cent of its asking price. Just play it in the dark with a good pair of headphones on Ranger mode with the dialogue in Russian. You can thank me later."
76561198133187670,Recommended,286690,11918357,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FSNIPER JOHNSON,I love this game so far it is a great stealth game and the stoy amzing. Play it and find out if loke highly reccomend it.
76561198112924750,Recommended,286690,11963452,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Halkeit,Pro- Survival Ranger Hardcore is awesome!Con- No HUD is tough....
76561198137848753,Recommended,286690,11963896,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,軍服の姫君 Altair,"A great game very different from what someone would expect from a first-person-shooter. The atmosphere is original and top notch, the graphics hold up pretty well and the firefights are exhillerating"
,Recommended,286690,11964483,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,FLICK SHOT MANIA,Demons and cabbages.
,Recommended,286690,11964600,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,zebra,"It's the original Metro 2033 with an updated engine. If you liked Metro 2033, you'll enjoy the redux even more."
,Recommended,286690,11964676,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,BRITENESS,"As someone who hadn't played the original before, I was really hyped for this redux version. I never heard of the metro series until I saw gameplay of it on ReviewTechUSA's Channel on youtube. I thought that it looked great. And now that the redux version is out, I can honestly say that it is fantastic and I got both 2033 and Last light redux at an amazing price. The game looks much better by today's standards, but it does lack the dark feeling that the original had. It is, however worth playing for the updated features, such as the metro last light UI when you're using a controller, wiping you gas mask, having the compass, etc. The bundle is worth the price if you didn't play the originals, but other than that, I would just buy the 2033 redux and buy the original last light because the changes are extremely minimal."
,Recommended,286690,11968691,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,EchoPwned,"In what is the ultimate version of Metro 2033, 4A's Redux edition fixes every issue I had with the original product while enhancing the atmosphere and accessability. For the newcomers, go no further. This is where you want to start. For the veterans, Metro 2033 Redux is worth revisiting for the new gameplay and little extras.Welcome to the Metro, Comrades."
,Recommended,286690,19372783,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TwixtorOG,"Breathtaking and incredibly atmospheric, the story is intresting and it  one of the best action, stealth games ever made."
,Recommended,286690,19361367,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,NattyG,Very good game and very detailed. Love playing through it and is really interesting yet leaves you on the edge of you seat and wanting more.
,Recommended,286690,20952872,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zinnairies,"Together with the Last light this is the best game money can buy!The atmosphere in this game is just so freaking cool! I recommend my fellow book nerds to read the books Metro 2033 and 2034 (2035 soon comes out) and the other books inte universe.It's just simply amazing.The game is abit scary when you are left on your own by the npc, but you will find the strength to press on just to find out what happens next in the story!I have played them on both Xbox one and Pc.Just click the buy button already!"
,Recommended,286690,20961113,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,aKa AuGiE,"An excellent story-driven FPS with modernized graphics fit for a quality gaming rig. An extraordinarly immersive experience. I have not yet completed the story in Ranger Mode, which I believe would be nearly impossible, but that would make the game even MORE immersive.I do try to keep my reviews impartial, however, and I will note that the stealth in this game is very much lacking. It is nearly impossible to use a stealthy approach for most scenarios in this game...you will find yourself guns ablazing more often than not. Works when playing on Casual or regular Survival Mode...I would imagine this becomes problematic in Ranger Mode.Still highly recommended. Artyom's story is phenomenal and the storytelling is great."
76561197987135428,Recommended,286690,11902537,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,General Jack D. Ripper,It's basically Fallout 3 with balls.
76561198129048221,Recommended,286690,20966253,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MechaMetalGamer,"This is a great first person shooter.the story is a little thin and didnt make much sense or i forgot why I had to go on the quest in the first place (save my hometown?) anyway i think we got them?Great cast of characters, certainly a wide variety of unique and streotypical but always entertaining at the least. Story telling is ok, mostly help him to go here and then captured. Then help these guys with this the got to here and look for this, not to tedious that I really noticed.Locations are: if underground some sort of subway system not much variety as you would expect: top side however is as a frozen wasteland which i found much more fun.Gameplay is solid with weapon upgrades, secondary fuctions etc etc and coll litlle gimmicks like the lighter, map feature, having to change your gas mask filters every feww minutes and even wiping your mask as it gets dirty or water on it. Certainly cool in my books, I'm always impressed by the little thingsIf you like your FPS solo then add this to your libary now, you will have tonnes of fun with the frantic fast paced combat."
76561198061457618,Recommended,286690,20925851,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Optimistic,Heard this game was hard so I turned it to the hardest difficulty in full survival mode.Couldn't stop a vodka-infused madman with a over-compressed BB gun.
76561197993270833,Recommended,286690,20863594,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Max80-7,"...eh, Last Light's better.Rating: 8 out of 10, the atmosphere, risk/reward combat, and incredibly nerve-racking resource management show even the biggest ""Survival-Horror"" franchises how it's done. In contrast, the repetative mission design and winded story contribute to the game's often bloated run-time."
76561198191060549,Recommended,286690,20866288,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,StevePi,"Its like a zombie apocolapyse but with mutants, this game has outstanding graphics! Ammo is scarce, survival chance is likely bare, the AI is outstanding, with sick people and more people underground,It is kinda brutal because it shows children in a apocolaypse, its like you took dying light, and call of duty having a child! If the creators are reading this comment, I really love this game!My final verdict is:9/10! This is a buy now game, it does have creepy parts and intense moments!"
,Recommended,286690,20785439,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,einarinpostia,Very atmospheric
76561198002167986,Recommended,286690,20835852,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SasqRutts,"I played this on my 360 and loved it. To the point where I bought the book, the sequel to the book and then Last Light as soon as that came out as well.The game is awesome. Dark and moody with an excellent story. Monsters are pretty freaky and the NPCs are well thought out. Feels like you're living in the Metro system and fighting to survive.The only issue I really have with this is my PC just can't cope with super awesome graphics levels. Then again I can't afford the £3500 graphic card needed to run this at super awesome graphics levels.There's been a lot of thought go in to this game from having to wipe blood and viscera off of your gas mask down to a simple light on your watch which tells you when you're in shadows and stealth.You'd do well to buy this game. I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561197985483054,Recommended,286690,20834325,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Fun while it lasted and it works well.
,Recommended,286690,20734184,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,napkin,Good game.
76561198089165384,Recommended,286690,20763950,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SweatySatan666,10/10 would walk on moving rocks again
,Recommended,286690,20716639,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Elapso,"Enough quality, corridor shooter with echoes of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series.7/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUbEiKvsBXM"
,Recommended,286690,20716827,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mass Occur,Phenomenal.
76561198129814189,Recommended,286690,16393360,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chrydin,Patient my friend is the key to this game. play this so u can play the 2nd one. 2nd one has boobs.
76561198073897714,Recommended,286690,16633613,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BOOMstick,Spooky FPS
76561198128875492,Recommended,286690,16638257,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Marcat,"Fairly short game but very fun. Great gunplay, amazing atmosphere and immersion. If you're a fan of the Bioshock series, I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,286690,16640447,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Degenerate,"I just bought this a little while ago, started playing it, and I immediately fell in love with the graphics, enviroment, atmosphere, soundtrack, and dialogue. I absolutly believe this game was worth purchasing!"
76561198053284227,Not Recommended,286690,15937732,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LordDamien,"This game unfortunately is unplayable for Mac. Only consider it buying if you are willing to run it under Windows.Additionally also check if your graphic card is really compatible, no matter what is your experience with other games, even under Windows."
76561198091479206,Recommended,286690,15942590,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,fadial_ghamdy,this game is cool
76561198081335488,Recommended,286690,15944653,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,xbobinator246x,"An amazing game with a great story. Some difficult parts that I can't beat, and is more than just a fun thing to pick up and play. I recommend to anyone who likes great stories, immersion, yet don't want to be overwhelmed."
76561198201374835,Recommended,286690,16817570,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SavageMetal,"I love the game. It's a lot of fun, and has a few areas that may make you jump. I only have one problem with the game, and that's the glitches. Every time I exit the game it erases all of my control layout and notes progress, so be careful of that. Other than that problem, It's great."
,Recommended,286690,16821260,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Durable,"This game worth every penny you gave them i must say.It a bit of intense and  acceptable amount of thrilling and jump scare moment.The story line is very attractive, i can't even press close the game because it's story.Buy it ! You will like it !"
76561198082385154,Recommended,286690,16822332,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[Ursus] Concept,Amazing game for people who love post apocalyptic horror games
,Recommended,286690,16200540,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Prospekt Mir,"An excellent update to an old classic. I was VERY impressed by the changes of this Redux version. I remember endless hours playing the original Metro 2033 on Xbox 360 and PC, and how great it was and still is in it's original form. But playing it now with these enhancements is grounds to play it through many more times. Great story, and if you haven't read the books these games are based on, you should check them out, very well written and similar yet more original than the presentation of the story in the video game. The Metro series is one of my all time favorites, and it has a unique S.T.A.L.K.E.R influence, which I love."
76561198050059848,Recommended,286690,16209296,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,901-ATT,"Like: the graphics are more cinematicdislike: the whole ""find key, go hunting for safe"" thing.dislike: the ""teeming-with-(plant) life underwater view (straight from Metro LL) when falling into the (supposedly deadly radioactive"" surface stream in Dead City.also, i'm good at remembering levels, so there were a few rather dissapointing changes(e.g. not finding the helsing in the irradiated upstairs level in dead City)still, recommended (but buy whe it's on sale; we're not in a hurry here)"
76561198045935442,Recommended,286690,16432963,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Damnit Bobby,Campaing was short it does not take long to get sucked into the story. Fun game with flushed out environments and fluid game mechanics. Survival mode was fun and managing ammo is somewhat of a problem but not to scarce
,Recommended,286690,16422147,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Davien,"Got the free Metro 2033 given by the devs before (forgot where) .. tried playing it but quit in less than an hour.. game looks too old and boring for me that time.However, the Redux edition made me want to complete the game thanks to all the upgrades they made to the original version! it is that good... the differences are like sky and land.Both this and Last Light Redux is worth it! Just make sure your PC is 64bit Windows before buying k else it won't launch!"
,Recommended,286690,16426259,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Anti-Cosmo,"If the sound mechanic of not being able to hear someone talking unless you're looking pretty much directly at them wasn't a problem, this game would definitely be the best FPS I have played in a long time. The game is challenging(even on the lower difficulties), plot driven, and well-paced.The graphics are definitely top notch and gorgeous for something supposedly so dark and derelict, and I could not ask for more from a post-apocalyptic world graphic-wise.The mutants are unique and provide a very nice challenge and a different taste from what I'm used to.As said, the only issue with the game that I have is the fact that unless you're looking at the prson talking, you have to rely on subtitles, It's not much of an actual issue, just a annoyance that I myself have."
,Recommended,286690,16840236,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ForkedEntry,"A commentary on the morality of your actions despite being hunted down by Nazis, communists, and horrifying beasts.Very fun gunplay, excellent story."
,Recommended,286690,16760589,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,A E S T H E T I C S,"TO ANYONE HAVING ISSUES WITH DRIVER CRASHESAssuming that you have an NVIDIA card, go into the NVIDIA Control Panel. In there, there should be a tab on the left side called ""Set PhysX Configuration"". Go into that tab, and inside of it, set the PhysX Processor to CPU. This should fix any artifacts popping up and crashing. Worked for me at least."
76561198128020018,Recommended,286690,16342155,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[LQM] Jihad John الجهاد ف,Ever wanted to play a game like the Last of Us on PC? buy this game.
,Recommended,286690,12643545,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,tom delonge,"My only problem with it is that it starts off slow and the game never really picked up the pace until a couple chapters in. Neat game though, good gunplay and sound effects.It is the year 2033. The remains of society live in the metros after the nuclear fallout. You play as Russian protagonist Atryom, who's goal is to go and do anything you can to help your metro station. So you go and carry out a message. The story is okay, not very good. Too be honest I didn't know why I was doing what I was doing until the last chapter of the game. The atmosphere is good, the original had a much better atmosphere and the graphics have been inproved majorly. The game has a really kick♥♥♥♥♥gas mask feature, so when your on the survive and put on a gas mask water droplets will start to form on your visor and you push g to wipe it and it just adds a layer of immersion to the game. If you think that sounds lame it's not it's really neat. The guns feel powerful and the animations and expressions from other people in the game look real. The game is worth it if you can pick it when it's on sale. $25 seems like alot of money for this game in my opinion. The sequel is well worth $25 so go get Last Light instead. If you were interested in 2033 you'll most likely like Last Light. I give it a 7.4/ 10"
,Recommended,286690,16318735,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,rajlego,Beatiful game. Probably my favorite ever.
,Recommended,286690,16321561,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Prison Mike,"If you are thinking about a Fallout game when picking ""Ranger"" mode don't. It is doesnt feel survival at all just run and gun. I advise you dont choose ranger mode"
76561198063473538,Recommended,286690,16322262,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Unkindled Ash,going through tunnels looking for store.found ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead.paid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.going to get big surprise.man appears.game crashes.9/11 would pay for game crash.overall game seems pretty good.
,Recommended,286690,16323307,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Venturing,Absolutely fantastic horror/action game. Need to play.
76561198076396065,Recommended,286690,16324761,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tonesims,"Excellent game.  Problem: Mac port is absolute crap.  Could not even play. Since I run bootcamp I downloaded it on the Windows side and it runs perfectly.  If you're solely a mac user: do not buy! On another note, I loved Last Light and was excited to see this game on sale, too."
76561198111735042,Recommended,286690,16353538,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Henjiman,A good friend of mine told me to get this game so i bought the bundle and was not disappointed. After 2 days of playing it i must say it is a great story and fun to play.I do not know the up and downs like most gamers i just play games and if i like them i like them and i like this and would recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,286690,16353597,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,smd nigga,"Good game, but the controls are pretty clunky."
,Recommended,286690,16354551,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tyrone,Very good story 8/10
76561197978196332,Recommended,286690,14410475,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,+Melfice+,a game thats not super spooky for horror but super awesome. great story great fun and just all pure goodness <3
,Recommended,286690,13538979,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SureShot,"I don't know where to begin. This game is just a great ride. I really enjoyed the gameplay, story, and the survival aspect of it. The best part of this gam, IMO, is the choice on whether you want to play Spartan, a mode that allows more ammo and supplies and more action, or to play Survivalist, a mode that gives less supplies and enforces more precaution in how you play. I haven't yet played Spartan, but I will say that Survivalist is a great way to start the game for your first time. The game last about only 6-8 hours depending on your difficulty and skill but it is, at least for me, very replayable with different styles to play like silent and close range, silent and long range, loud and close range, or loud and far range. All ways have proven to be fun and awesome. My only kind of complaint about this is sometimes the lips of NPC's are really wierd and the mind trips are also very confusing and its hard to figure out what you're supposed to do. Otherwise, this game is great and I highly suggest you get it NOW!!!"
,Recommended,286690,13689827,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arun Shan,"This is one of the best shooters I've ever played. It's all about the world. I love it!Pros:Awesome post-apocalyptic worldThe StoryVoice ActingGraphics, especially the lightingAlternate ending is satisfyingCons:Occasional bugsCharacter models and animations are not up to today's standards"
76561198072868608,Recommended,286690,14675286,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,THE NBHD,it's a gorgeous FPS game  .. especially the graphics .. i really recommend this game .. however it's kind a short one .. but still awesome game ..
76561197970362866,Not Recommended,286690,14556200,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,noone,"Game crashes nvidia graphic's card drivers. Don't take my word for it, google it(Latest patch Feb 9 2015, tried all the user fixes I could find with no joy). Otherwise, the game was decent before it when buggy. Graphics were pretty good, had a dingy, dark atmosphere(your in an apocalyptic subway, so they nailed it). Mutant combat can get a bit chaotic, but all in good fun. NPC ai seemed okay, enemies would take cover. Stealth was okay, enemies don't ""lock-on"" to you unless they actually see you, even if alerted to you being in the vicinity, but they will search for you. Levels are pretty much ""on the rails"", at least the ones I played, though some of them are big, with lots of places to a little out of the way for you to explore. Weapons seemed okay, they felt like your were actually firing them and not pushing a button. All in all, would of loved to played further, but unfortunately it's not stable enough to continue anymore."
76561198042576053,Recommended,286690,14580402,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lost in 3d,"I had played Last Light before this because I had wanted to play something that had Dx11, 3d vision, and physX. I loved LL and didn't hesitate when this Redux edition was made available. It's beautiful, and another very hardware demanding game if you reallly want to use all the options it has. The story is good but I agree with others that LL seems to have better character development. As dark and grim as the whole story is I still find myself wanting to go back and experience what the game offers. Play this back to back with LL now and you have a near seamless experience of an amazing FPS with roleplay thrown in. As I stated above you will need a serious rig to pull off all the tricks but it is amazing. It looks great in 4k/2d but the 3d/1080p/120hz is where it's at."
76561198076135945,Recommended,286690,14753920,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pyseter Catodon,"Basically the same game as the original, just with a graphical overhaul as well as general optimizations which makes the gameplay much more smoother. Besides that, the graphical overhaul with the minor details added and the better lighting goes a long way in making it a joy to replay the game and enjoy the beautiful post-apocalyptic scenery. I would definitely recommend this to those who enjoy shooter games as well as to horror-fans."
76561198043216746,Recommended,286690,14754496,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shields,"NO SPOILERS IF YOU WATCHED THE TRAILERVery borderline, this game, as in straddling the line between thumbs up and down.Simply as an FPS, which is what I thought I was getting, the game lacks. The campaign is very slow at times and feels quite lengthy. It would have been better if it was a little more condensed. I will say that if you enjoy carefully picking through levels and finding loot or really taking a close look at the detail in the world, listening to NPC dialogue, reading signs, studying the environment, etc. It is more of an adventure game. The plot was decent and kept me going. You fight both Survivalist Bandits and Irradiated Creatures, and somehow they don't really go well together. The monster parts were dull and overly difficult. The Bandit combat was actually quite excellent, I with there was more of that. So, as an adventure game with a linear plot, great job. Not my first choice, but it was something nicely different, and I did finish the campaign. I probably won't play it again.It is based on a Novel, which is interesting. I hope the author likes what the Game Developers have done."
,Recommended,286690,15667846,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,donny,So immersive that you will have to pay for a therapist along with this game
76561198145604972,Recommended,286690,15878710,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,loader963,Dang this is a pretty sweet game.
,Not Recommended,286690,15837561,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Disco You,"This game gets good reviews. I found it a little tedious, frankly. But, I might return to it at a later date and give it another try."
,Recommended,286690,15840194,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,e.e._Prime,"a challenging game, a good game , if you catch it while discount session , don't hesitate just buy it."
76561197976682034,Recommended,286690,15806972,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,mark35mi,"Love this game.Haven't had this much fun since the half life series... and a liking this even more!Get it! You will love it. Great story, gameplay, grapics."
76561197972369460,Recommended,286690,13350986,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dracul,"I picked up Metro 2033 Redux and Last Light Redux on the recent bundle sale. Being a veteran FPS player and pretty hardcore fan of Fallout 3 and S.T.A.L.K.E.R I jumped into Metro 2033 feet first by going in on the Ranger setting. (Something I strongly recommend for any 'serious' fps players)It only took me 16 hours or so to beat it dispite going in on one of the harder difficulties but I liked it and got a good feel for the series as a whole, im looking forward to my playthrough of Last Light. But as I am writing a review for Metro 2033 Redux I'll cut to the chase and give some insight into the things I felt most notable be it a pro or con.Cons: Clipping, enemies can run right through you and vice versa making it pretty difficult to melee Watchers or Nosalis - I even had human character I had snuck up on turn around clip through me so my sneak attack missed and shot me in the face for my trouble.  The save system runs on a Trigger and Timed method, meaning it can e brutally punishing I had to restart a couple of chapters because the timed save went off when I was nearly dead or choking to death from a lack of air filters. While STALKER was inspired by the same book Metro was based off of, Metro 2033 lacks the open world feel of STALKER and is pretty linear. All the children sound like russian versions of Gary Coleman, very creepy.Pros: Does  the 'post apocalyptic world' very well, the story is interesting (if a bit hard to swallow at times). The VERY limited (on ranger at least) time that air filters last in toxic enviroments means you must resource manage between stealth and time factors, I snuck through a building stealthily killing every human enemy then choked on the roof for half a  hour before giving up and restarting the chapter.The weapons are mostly very believable, cobled together from the remains of mundane items into deadly weapons and bullets are a reasonable form of currancy, even if the exchange rate on some of them is terrible. The monsters tend to be quite terrifying, especially the Watchers and dealing with multiples of them in waves can be quite troublesome (especially when they clip through you and scratch your back). Stealth kills and throwing knives are a lot of fun, later in the game I found myself using throwing knives against Watchers quite effectively and even stabbed a Flying Demon to death at a pivital moment in the story, cause I had no ammo, no throwing knives, nadda....was fun.Final Verdict: Enjoyed myself, Recommended to anyone that likes FPS, survival horror, and post apocalyptic settings."
,Recommended,286690,13429489,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CatRocket,I loved this game and it's graphics. I loved the karma system. The game is good overall but there are some glitches like frozen enemies.
,Recommended,286690,15330924,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DoomShroom,this game looks great and plays smoothly but there were some parts were the game would glitch out but other then that i really enjoyed this game and would recommend this to friends and fellow gamers.
,Not Recommended,286690,15272257,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Threlnos,This is just a simple review of my experience with Metro 2033 Redux. It simply doesn't launch I'd like to play the game I wil revise my review of this game proper if I am ever able to play it. I.  This seems to be affecting a number of steam users but there seem to be no recourse for us.
76561198048420249,Recommended,286690,15015619,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Xophenex,Awesome game good story line
76561198162049606,Recommended,286690,15102384,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Defenseless Mother,this game is fun but does crash ocasionally
,Recommended,286690,15019136,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,[TA] Shrimmels,"Metro Last Light was my introduction to this series and it quickly became one of my favorite post apocalyptic survival horrors. The graphics are fantastic, the controls feel tight, and the stealth really works out well in this game. I started on Ranger mode to feel more immersed (no HUD, less ammo and supplies) and I was really sucked into the atmosphere of this game. You can really sympathize for how much it sucks to be a human in this world and how there is little hope for everyone. I just started Metro 2033 Redux and I'm glad to be in the same world again, it really has an interesting storyline and it's got the gameplay to go with it. I suggest it to anyone who enjoys a first person game. It fits both run and gun or stealth playstyles."
76561198056381396,Recommended,286690,15072688,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ace of Aces,"Alright don't come to be attached to any characters. Or expect much development from them. However, DO expect a pretty tactical shooter with Nazi's and Commie's and all manner of freaky ♥♥♥♥ers.8.5/10Solid ♥♥♥♥in game"
,Recommended,286690,11932185,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CommanderCartmen,"Imagine that a company like 4A games was so sinister, they had to make a game where you'd pee yourself. ALL OVER AGAIN.4A. Good Job.Owned 2033 on the PS3.11/10"
76561198029417841,Recommended,286690,15287050,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,rileyclen,Not bad but better to read the book
,Recommended,286690,15292632,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,WatchKyle,Just as i remembered 2033! It's more than worth buying.
76561198004991828,Recommended,286690,15222873,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Casian,"This game is a piece of art,each second feels like you  are really there,music,visuals,the level of detail,everything.Enjoyed every moment!What are you waiting for,you should be playing right now"
76561198055849908,Recommended,286690,15600571,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pirania,Good .... just .... Good
,Recommended,286690,15302461,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Grinch,"One of the best FPS shooters ever made, enhanced!"
76561198077174076,Not Recommended,286690,15412255,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,justin,"Very buggy on a mac. Can't get past the first challenge to open a gate. Listened to ""anuka anuka PULL!"" about 100 times.Also, I have a brand new, top end macbook pro with 16G ram, flash hard drive and NVidia GeForce 2Gig card, and it's really clunky visually, bordering on unplayable.I suspect it's probably a lot better on console and windows. If you're on a mac, give it a swerve. Even at a 50% discount, a waste of money."
76561198006917462,Recommended,286690,15415154,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Renegade,+ Story+ Not just a typical cod style sp -> has stealth and surviving elements+ not too long+ runs 60fps easily- enemy hitboxes- rail shooting sequenses- children sound like 50 year old men (no child voice actors for children)Verdict: positive suprise
,Recommended,286690,15388748,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,🖤Nix Abyss♌,"If you love post-apocalyptic games like me, you'll love this game it's a real treat and a good story. I snatched this up when I saw it was on sale through Steam becuase I love this title. Wave a game I truly enjoy in my face for PC on sale, I'm already sold. I haven't even scratched the surface of the game on my PC yet and it still stands as a strong game for RPG/FPS fans alike. I don't like scoring systems but if I had to rate this it's a solid 9.5/10 for me. It's like Fallout, but not at the same time. It's truly something you'd have to experince for yourself. Since you have 2 days before this sale in pitcular ends.. I'd say and highly reccomend you grab the two games now."
76561197967036817,Recommended,286690,15667156,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mdixson,Great game - has a feeling of Half Life about it - much better with the Redux additions and now actually will run on a fairly modest system
,Recommended,286690,15426354,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hidnreaper07,The graphics are very well displayed. There might be some issues with figuring out where to go and finding the best approach to handle the situation.  The plot is well made and satisfying. The weapons in the game go by what you want to keep and customize with variety. You will not be let down if you purchase this game.
76561198032577881,Not Recommended,286690,15509333,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,marksnow909,"This Game is more bugged than the original Metro 2033. I stopped in the middle of the game as it was impossible to continue. If you have the original like me , stick to it, this one is not worth your money !"
76561197964026968,Recommended,286690,15443694,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,tawkinhedz,Unbelievable atmosphere.
,Recommended,286690,15718684,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,REEF X mr,"Finally finished this game after playing multiple times. The Redux is a great remaster, it looks terrific, and very atmospheric. All the textures are top notch and the detail in this game is amazing. Story is pretty good, but it's a rather short game. Finished it in 7 hours. Would pick up on a sale. Will probably play it at least one more time."
76561197963286660,Recommended,286690,15719508,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Clipso™,Amazing game!And I like Artyom's voice.
76561198166500780,Recommended,286690,15720226,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sobeit Union,Absolutly stunning a beutiful game great location very atmospheric  love this game i reccomend it beside some rag glitches XD
,Recommended,286690,16685901,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BkM-SE,"Great game with a first class Linux version.This looks and plays with buttery smoothness on high at 4K with my GTX 970.If you think you might enjoy a horror survival FPS with a good amount of stealth, this may be the penguin embracing game for you!(nvidia-352, ubuntu 14.04, 16gb Ram, 4790K)"
,Recommended,286690,16638994,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Samurai-Sloth,"Metro is a delicious mixture of plausible science fiction & super natural creepyness. You are Artyom, an inhabitant of Exhibition metro station below the ruined husk of post-apocalyptic Moscow. When your home is threatened by strange beings known only as ""The Dark Ones,"" you begin a journey through the metro tunnels & up to the surface in an effort to save humanity. Along the way you utilize a variety of scavenged together & jury-rigged weapons & tools; as well as employ your own strategy of sneaking & shooting to bypass or eliminate a variety of enemies. If you enjoy more ""thinky"" shooters like Bioshock or if you enjoy the new Fallout games than you should pick this up along with the sequel."
,Recommended,286690,16691519,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Anonymous Sandwich,literally gives me the chills. If you like horror games then this is one of the best around.
,Recommended,286690,16691702,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,A Turtle's Dream(In Outer Space),"Great atmosphere, great graphics,  great gameplay, good story.  I would have preferred if the game was a few hours longer, but it is still very good as it is.  I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of single player FPS games."
,Recommended,286690,16693298,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,crash09er,Great story but librarians are scary as f***!
76561198068289933,Recommended,286690,16746074,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,*Bleach Drinker*,"Hell yeah I would recommend this game, it has a great story, 2 endings, great difficulty, and is not for easy players. I've already beaten the game once and I'm going to replay it multiple times more. All those people people that have issues and crashes with the game is their problem, I have a fairly good Pc and Metro 2033 redux runs perfectly on max graphics and never crashes, never gets bugs, never goes wrong. Also the game's level design is fantastic, it's always having secret areas where you can find safes, air filters, or just staight up money. People say that the ending(s) are lousy and bad but in my opinion the ending aren't that bad, they are a little lousy but that's becuase it's not truely the ending, the game's story continues into Metro last light. 9/10 fantastic game."
,Recommended,286690,16747751,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ANT. / billisdead,"Perfect story, perfect gameplay. It may be one of the most interesting way of rewriting the 80's cyberpunk novels into video games. Plus those guys have worked on this game in the worst conditions ever, which is a good reason to give them money."
76561198068926015,Recommended,286690,16626018,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FappyGilmore,Ammo Draining Simulator 2015
,Recommended,286690,16626973,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mitta,I spend 30 minutes walking through 1 tunnel because I was scared of mutated dogs. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,16629154,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Niclz$,its pretty good11/10
76561198053697383,Recommended,286690,16647876,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Trenton1776,"Since there is not a 1-10 rating I chose to recommend this game, because it excelled in a lot of areas but didn't really pull through in some important ones.  I won't focus on the graphics much, although they are pretty good.First of all the gameplay was superb, the combat mechanics are polished and stealth feels natural, yet challenging, and the enemies are definitely not dumb.  They seamlessly combined the environment and gameplay together, which create an ambient and believable post-apocalyptic Moscow.  The atmosphere in this game is superb, and can suck your right in.  It has a realistic and gritty feel, and will keep you entertained for hours on end.Now for the things I feel were not adequate.First is there is no tutorial.  Now I can see how this could be viewed as a ""No hand-holding"" experience and that it adds to the immersion of the game.  I don't think thats plausible.  I spent half the game with a dimmed, ineffecitve flashlight because I did not know that there was a flashlight charger.  Among other things, I really didn't feel like I had the mechanics down until the last few missions.Next is the story.  It was interesting, and hard to follow.  I read most of the journal entries and didn't even know what the main plot was until the end.  Also, the game really struggles with an identity: whethe it wants to be a realistic take on a post-nuclear Moscow, or a disoreintating, search for the meaning behind a supernatural occurance.  It is hard to merge those two together; you break the realism and immersion in the game, and it can even be ridiculous to have the ""Dark Ones"" element tagged alongside a realistic shooter.My final grudge is that you never really feel like Artyom.  You never feel fully immersed to the point of ""This is me, and I have to do this.""  This is not really a big issue because the game excels in the gameplay, and especially in the combat, you do feel like a Metro survivor fighting for your life.All in all it is a great gameplay experience, with a superb atmosphere.  It lacks in story, and how the story and atmosphere mix.  That being said the game is definitely unique, and worth admission price.Final Rating:Overall: 7/10Story: 3/10Atmosphere: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Mechanics: 8/10"
76561198033349210,Recommended,286690,30872027,Posted: 1 April,all,Karma,"One of the best in it's genre. I think STALKER is clear example that people love their postapocalyptic ish and Metro franchise is, in my opinion, the best that is there in this sense. Altrough I'm bigger fan of Metro Last Light, Metro 2033 has undoubtedly a lot more dark, creepy atmosphere and bunch of really haunting scenes. Atmosphere is just great in this game. You feel just like Artyom, getting out of his home station for the first time and exploring terryfing post-apocalyptic world of metro and I LOVED IT."
76561198040531670,Recommended,286690,24938248,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Thabosch,Russian soldier simulator 2016
76561198170815779,Recommended,286690,30872516,Posted: 1 April,all,bullshark,best game ever. underground horror shooter with a lot of action and a great story line.
76561198306462562,Recommended,286690,26299273,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KLENEK,Awesome game.
,Recommended,286690,26306523,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Beat_Elite,"LOVE this game! The combat, story and pacing are all great. The redux really made everything run a lot smoother than previously so it doesn't require as intense specs anymore to view the gorgeous details of the metro. If there was anything I disliked about the game, it was that ammo could sometimes be too excessive and while I wouldn't prefer enemies to become bullet sponges, the game just gives you ammo more than necessary for some parts. Definitely check it out if you want a thriller FPS."
,Recommended,286690,26303788,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Justin Case,"Metro 2033 has one of the most immersive gameplays I have ever experienced in a game. The use of light and shadow and sound is just brilliant. The option to limit the available hud on harder difficulties also works wonders for that imersion.Though it is a little bit fiddely always having to bring up the journal to see your different ammo counts and on some weapons there are little to no way to see how many bullets there are left in your current magzine. And, to that extent, gone are also all kind of keyinput during quick-time-events wich makes the only liable solution to spam ""Use"" through all actionpacked cut-scenes. This makes the harcore difficulty seem not that thought-through, wich is a bit sad in those regards.An very unpredictable and confusing AI also rips the player right out of the game. Sometimes I found my self being spotted through thin walls and covers when I thought I was clearly hidden from sight. Sometimes I moved right by guards completely oblivious of my existance. This is my biggest complaint as it tore my experience apart multiple times. When the overall atmosphere is this thick, the little faults shine more noticable.To this, the Redux adds good but also in some ways bad features.+ Graphics are better, more stable framerate, secret item-stashes.Textures and models are different, for better or worse.- Field of view is crap(Fix in config), knifethrowing sucks, different mouse sensitivity in Y/X(Negated in mouse profile).Still, the Redux gives more then it takes and in the end makes it worth your while."
,Recommended,286690,26320165,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Enactos,"I bought this on sale for 7.49 in the bundle, I feel like I paid too little."
76561198063604502,Recommended,286690,26330038,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,VaultMobster,"Was really fun and good, definitely should give it a try!"
,Recommended,286690,26332805,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Heyeweyeweh,"it's totally a different game,even the cutscene,object,improved gameplayand many more..i assume you to explore ,find some bullets,diary even the hidden moralityit affecting the ending of the game"
,Recommended,286690,26330496,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Haswell02 | CS.Money,"Just one word to describe this game ""Amazing"" .both 2033 and Last Light very worth to buy"
,Recommended,286690,26330603,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,✪ Dudo,This game is really awesome! I played it twice and still dream about it every night!
,Recommended,286690,26326349,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DuckSmokesQuack,Seems like it's the same person talking on every character but he has a great accent. I like the story line and how simple the game is. I play this game when I got nothing better to do.
76561198064647325,Recommended,286690,26322178,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Choleriker,Even the non Redux version felt like the stronger entry in the Series to me and the Redux improves the mechanics massively. One of the most atmospheric shooters I have ever played.
76561197987039116,Recommended,286690,26326672,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kriz H,"Great short game. Really athmospheric, great graphics.Gotta say this ammo/threat system is really annoying. I almost had to restart the game 15 min before the end because ammo was needed to get further.....When there are big fights it seems like some of them are targeting you all along while others dont. So you would be wise to actually save your bullets and only kill those who go straight for you. That is a really bad system in my opinion. Im a great shooter and kill everything i see as fast as i can. Therefor i run out of ammo halfway into bigger fights... End up running around and waiting for the rest to finish it...But other then that and some few 30fps cutscenes. Its a really great game, Would recommend grabbing it on sale since its so short.I wish this and Fallout would teamup and take the best of both. Athmosphere here is much better and sometimes its actually a little scary :P"
76561198256910303,Recommended,286690,26328042,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,( •_•),The game is good and well made but the LIBRARY!! I deeply hate this part and wish it wasn't in the game.
,Recommended,286690,26321521,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bri0reos,"I've never played the original Metro 2033 or Last Light, but was interested in them for a while. I caught the Redux bundle on sale and decided to give this version a try. Metro 2033 Redux is a very fun game with an engaging story. The stealth and combat can be exceptionally tense, and the weapons are pretty satisfying to use.If you haven't played Metro 2033 or Last Light, original or Redux, I would highly recommend you buy this. Let me just give you a bit of advice: buy plenty of gas mask filters whenever you are able. I've lost track of how many times I had to go to a room full of poisonous gas or the wasteland of a surface with only 30 seconds left on my gas mask."
76561198213491359,Recommended,286690,26324557,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eMko,Great game! Awesome storyline and graphics.
76561198168690500,Recommended,286690,26295796,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gnashing Goat,"Metro 2033 is not the game I expected it to be.  I had heard that it was a good horror shooter and that description gave me certain expectations.  I assumed that the game would play like a first person Dead Space or Resident Evil 4.  I figured I'd be fighting some crazy monsters with barely enough bullet to get by.  I figured I'd have to worry about inventory management as I constantly searched for life saving healing items to keep me from dying.  I expected to have the tools I needed to just barely get by, but never really feel like a badass.  So I start playing and the game gives me a revolver with hardly any ammo, so far so good.  I have limited healing items, but my health regenerates.  That takes the tension out of it a bit, but I'm still counting bullets and that's fine by me.  Then about a third of the way through the game I start to fight some human enemies.  After I took them out I looted them for ammo and never had to worry about running out of bullets for the rest of the game.It was at this point that I realized that I wasn't playing a survival horror shooter.  I discovered that I was actually playing a FPS that just had some creepy parts in it.  The craziest part of it all is that I was enjoying Metro 2033 too much to feel betrayed.  It may not have been what I expected, but it was still a good game.  The game does a great job drawing you in and has a good sense of atmosphere.  On top of that the guns feel good to use and combat is fun.  The game does a good job mixing to combat up between human and monster enemies.  THis keeps things from getting stale.  When fighting agains human enemies the player usually has the option of using stealth to get kills instead of going guns blazing.  It's not exactly Metal Gear Solid, but the stealth gameplay is competent.My only major complaint is that the player character is a silent protagonist in a story that doesn't really mesh with the whole silent protagonist thing.  Still, I guess if that's the biggest complaint that I have then that means the gameplay holds up.  I'd recommend this game, but just keep in mind that it's not a straight horror game."
76561198041666032,Recommended,286690,26285348,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,disgruntled troglodyte,"Absolutely incredible. Excellent experience throughout, very challenging and has a very deep story.Definitely recommend at absolutely any price, special or not."
,Recommended,286690,26307967,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NoTHING,"Nice game, Darkness, Mutant, and weapon is amazing.. i like this game"
,Recommended,286690,14797112,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,cursekillerx,Epic story. Epic stealth
,Recommended,286690,14797276,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,vart är min pappa?,Fun action/scary game try it!
76561198092347592,Recommended,286690,14764553,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,UNKNOWN_KINGHD,It awsome i never played such a great game
,Recommended,286690,14040395,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheDrunkenGungan,"- Good graphics, a huge improvement over the original, hell, it's better optimized!- A thrilling story- Immersive atmosphere- Linear, but explorable levels- Stealth is now fixed, and hella fun- Great gunplay, with teh attachment system giving you versatility- Shooting mutants with a Shambler is fun."
,Recommended,286690,14041508,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Princess Eru,"A great refreshing take on an older game. New stealth mechanics, a more suitable pace, better graphics and redone levels allow newcomers and veterans alike to enjoy a great atmospheric FPS."
,Recommended,286690,14011491,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Humanius,"A great atmospheric game. If you are into stealth, and also like games with a great story, I highly recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,286690,14003553,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Urethra Franklin,Unplayable with the constant crashing. No fix works. 0/10I recommend non-redux version. Not a single crash.
,Recommended,286690,14004886,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Arrite,"It's the story of Metro 2033 with the weapons from Last Light and things fixed up and revised, however the devs did some ""improvement to the engine"" that makes it incompatible for my computer (things don't render properly i.e. invisible people, mutants, doors, weapons, hands). Either it's the fact that it only uses 32 MB of dedicated video memory, or 4A doesn't exactly like Intel HD Graphics cards. I give it a thumbs up because it has potential I guess."
76561197963677618,Recommended,286690,14026088,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Hotphunk,"One of the best and most beautiful games I have ever played. To put it simply, I love the game."
,Recommended,286690,14028053,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gryffyd,"Definetly one of the best Post-apocalyptic games for PC. I never had any issues with this except for one crash which was my own fault. The story is thrilling, the graphics are amazing, the atmosphere is terrifyingly awesome. The gunplay I found rather exciting, there were heaps of memorable guns to choose from, all very unique and interesting. AI was nice, and characters were all brilliant. I have seen this game many times before but never intended getting it as I was unsure about it.  I eventually bought it without really thinking after some time watching trailers, reading reviews and so on, and I can gladly say that my $25 was well spent. Metro 2033 Redux only lasted 9 hours for me, but there are hundreds of reasons to go back and play it through again. After completion, I instantly bought Last Light, hoping for some more beautiful, brutal and gritty story to get lost in.If you want to avoid nightmares and severe scares, just try and stay away from any... ""children""."
,Recommended,286690,14031328,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ogwaffle,"Damnit! I only bought this game. Make sure you don't do what I did and mess-up. Metro 2033 Redux was AMAZING, buy it, with the bundle, now. Just do it..Also door knocking simulator."
,Recommended,286690,14034817,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,g0ggles,More Filters Than A White Girls Instagram10/10
76561198046743625,Recommended,286690,14319742,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,skottdtchlnd,"Having bought the original Metro 2033 a few years back, I have to say that I'm very impressed with the improvements 4A has made. There really are too many improvements to list off here, but this was definitely a good purchase in my opinion. I'm using the MSI GTX 970 4GB. When I first set up the graphics options, I was getting some terrible stuttering. As it turns out, I had the ""in game"" SR settings maxed out COMBINED with my GPUs DSR ( Dynamic Super Resolution) seettings maxxed out as well. Basically, this game has the DSR option just as Nvidia GPUs have as well. MAKE SURE you're not using both at max settings (unless you have a monster mamba-jamba machine). I have trieed using the in game DSR options on with GPU options off, and reverse, and I dont seee one performing better than the other. But I havee to say, I love the DSR settings. With the DSR turned up, you really dont need any Anti Alliasing, and your screen resolution increases dramatically.This is a great story and a great game made even better now. If you haven't read the book ""Metro 2033"", you're missing out. A lot of things in the game will make a lot more sense, and you'll find yourself unlocking more achievements if you try to ""go by the book"" in the game."
76561198010982033,Recommended,286690,14140884,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Alex,A wonderfull addition to what was allready a fantastic game to begin with. Brings the Metro back to  life in a big way. If you enjoyed the original game the first time around your in for a surprise.  Metro 2033 Redux is so polished you can see your reflection in it.
,Recommended,286690,14280500,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,fireman sam,"A particularly atmospheric and dangerously well-optimized game with stunning visuals (both in realism and distinctive style), an oustanding soundtrack, a clever currencey system and a small price tag.The story is a bit generic in premise and presentation, as is the cover-based stealth-ish FPS gameplay, and the promised immersion is let down by frequent unnecesary non-interactive segments, but Metro 2033 nonetheless provides a wonderful well-realised world that's a joy to lose yourself in thanks to great visuals, sound and performance.If you're into atmospheric shooters -- like, I don't know, Half-Life and stuff -- then why not go for this cheap gem."
76561197994478196,Recommended,286690,14281829,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JohneeCool,"Loved the game enviroment , the story and the sequence of the action !!!Get you hyped on "" whats coming next ??!! ""Would play / buy again.Only con for me is that i found the main story to be "" short "", would be nice to have more to explore ."
76561198044335790,Recommended,286690,14281934,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mark,A great game that is even better with the redux. Incredible story line and a well mastered shooter
,Recommended,286690,14286289,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dave247,Brilliant narrative with gameplay that never gets boring as each chapter offers something different. The game offers a story and delivers which is where the game really shines.
,Recommended,286690,14234092,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Scheherazade,"This game is great for people who love scary games and good story lines. This game has both of those. It has its fair share of things jumping out at you, to things that will give you nightmares. It also has a very good story line for those of you who understand it. Some parts of it are even sad. Overall this is a great game and everyone should own it."
76561197976042341,Recommended,286690,14155714,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,calnox,One of the best developed shooters in years. Great fun.
76561198039742576,Recommended,286690,13963574,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,viperdak,Awesome game.  Picked up the redux bundle on sale and this game floored me.  I love single player FPS and this game does it right.
76561198124950114,Recommended,286690,13956991,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,armaspartan,"Awesome stuff, looks great, can play on my shield fun stuff got both of them havent finished the first yet"
,Recommended,286690,14347241,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TinyCheex,"Nice game, improved graphics and most of all it really gives you a feel of how survivabilty is in the Metro"
,Recommended,286690,14340342,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Zoric,"""Force answers force, war breeds war, and death only brings death. To break this vicious circle one must do more than just act without any thought or doubt.'' Great FPS Survival horror with astounding graphics, music that builds atmosphere of post-apocalyptic world perfectly and immersive storyline. Game is quite linear but two endings are accessible depending on your actions. Weapon customisation and gear handling is worth mentioning, what's more there is stealth mechanic implemented. Highly recommended."
76561198079549287,Recommended,286690,13706518,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vanilla Gorilla,"One of the best games I have ever played. No game in my opinion matches Metro 2033's atmosphere and tone, top that off with a good story, gameplay mechanics and excellent graphics, well then you have one of the best games ever.I highly recommend the Redux just due to optimisation as original had a few stuttering and mouse issues."
,Recommended,286690,13626895,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Muenster,Good.
,Recommended,286690,13489305,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,top2266,"An excellent example of how single-player shooters should be designed, I'd recommend Metro Redux to those who find post-apocalyptic action and stealth appealing. Do not jump into the game expecting an easy shooter, however, as even the ""Action"" mode is difficult without stealth, and more casual players might find the game frustrating.To those of you who are interested, you're in for a treat. This game has some of the most unique game mechanics in the genre, which really pulls you into the game's atmosphere. A gas mask is required when above ground or other specific radiation zones, and a watch is synced up to the amount of time your mask can filter air. Taking damage while wearing your mask will cause it to crack and eventually break, making combat difficult until you can find a replacement. You are equipped with a flashlight early on, but it has to be charged to stay at full brightness. The charge will slowly decline, making your flashlight less and less useful.On top of mechanics, a few of which are listed above, the game also offers a bit more exploration than typical games of the same genre. Exploration is often rewarding, offering secret paths around dangerous enemies, or stockpiles of valuables left in lockers or on bodies. Keys and safes are hidden in many of the levels, which, in combination, yield some extremely valuable contents to thorough players.I came into this game on a sale, as I encourage you to do, but would have bought it at full price at release had I known about it. I had a wonderful experience, as short as it was (it felt wayyy longer than 11 hours!), and I encourage you to give it a shot if you're on the fence about it. If you like it, you might even end up playing Last Light as well!"
,Recommended,286690,13504369,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Messer <∞>,"PROSAmazing visualsGood audioGood gunplayRanger mode is very immersiveNative VOHome-made weapons are fun to use and look like they were built in a subway by a drunk russianEmphasis on resource management leads to very tense battles and surface level segmentsCONSPoor localization (subtitle track is only for the english script and is not a translation of the Russian dialogue, not all dialogue has subtitles)Poor optimizationFREQUENT crashesCheckpoints are not great (frequently had checkpoints located JUST BEFORE things like reloading weapons, swapping filters, applying medkits.  It's not a huge issue, but it's frustrating when it happens).I really enjoyed this game, and if you enjoyed STALKER you may enjoy this as well (but be aware it is a more linear, story driven game)."
76561197975361208,Recommended,286690,13504680,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tollwütiger Gummibär,"Finally it's here for linux and yes that's the main reason why i bought it.If you have played the original and you want to visit the Metro Universe again, it's a good choice to do this with the Redux version. Lot's of new eastereggs, a better atmosphere and even more eye candy than before. Simply great. :)"
76561198092829352,Recommended,286690,13509783,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dablife,"Beautiful graphics, interesting story, fluid gameplay, blood, russians, demons, guns. Amazing game, would play in russian again. 10/10"
76561198080839780,Recommended,286690,13479058,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Biowire20,Very good game and the immersion is the best i've experienced in a long time.
76561197988167524,Recommended,286690,13479694,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SgtBaker47,Improved Version of Metro 2033
76561198039394846,Recommended,286690,13480897,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Damocles,Great Game - with a good story -very rare in a FPS these days
76561198087808456,Recommended,286690,13453547,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Xylit,The game is one of the best shooters i've ever played.The redux version is so much smoother than the original 2033.The game is much more optimized and the graphics are awesome.However it requires a quite Beast PC to play with SSAA on.
,Recommended,286690,13453756,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jdeveaux,A fun well thoughtout story line and decent game play.  It would be nice to explore more like you can in the Fallout series but the game does give you enough room to wander to make it interesting.  I went through the game twice and still found things I didn't find on my first pass.  Only down side is that it isn't a very long game but I felt it was worth the money paid.
,Recommended,286690,13496408,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Galzra87,"This game is a bit short, even you take your time as i did, you'll finish it in about 10 hours.But, this is one of the best game i've ever played. Even if the story differ from the original novel (which you must read, it's a truly wonderful book to have), the narrative part is really great and faithful to the atmosphere of the novel.And you'll think more after this game about humanity and our constant need of war ""for peace""."
76561198066109608,Not Recommended,286690,13498308,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ixie,Would have played the game but since I'm using NVIDIA I can't.Recommended for AMD users!
76561198041774909,Recommended,286690,13577421,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Neko,"Atmosphere so dense that you can swim and it.This is in the top 10 list for FPS games. Absolute must play. If you haven't played the original, start here."
,Recommended,286690,13383388,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pooru-Chan,Got the good ending 10/10 really good
,Recommended,286690,13396790,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BULiK,"""0/10 book was better than the movie"" -IGN North Korea"
,Recommended,286690,13370703,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Nate Wardawg,I've been playing this for a couple of hours now under Ubuntu Gnome (Linux) on a Bonobo Extreme laptop (which has about the same specs as the Alienware Alpha including a GeForce GTX 860M) on Very High graphic settings and it runs really well. I haven't had any crashes or the like yet.The game looks really good and I'm happy to be able to play the Metro series under Linux!
,Recommended,286690,13373433,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TheMaytagMan,This game is awesome. One of the best singleplayer fps games of all time. Great from beginning to end. You owe it to yourself to play this at some point.
76561198101642248,Recommended,286690,13363754,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Vulpe,"this is amazing. they basically just turned metro 2033 into metro last light but they did A TON of work on this one and fine tuned everything. VERY FUN, VERY impressed. absolutely worth buying"
,Recommended,286690,13364945,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,stepson,Pure fun.
76561198073220784,Recommended,286690,13513766,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,harry_cnut,i think its almost twice the game as the original 2033
,Recommended,286690,13514418,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ieatboles,10/10 sat in a radiation hotspot for a minute to get in an achievement
,Recommended,286690,13518045,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jazon1,"while i will recommend this game especially if you get it on sale,i will add it does have its bugs like randomly falling through the ground while out doors and drowning even tho you were nowhere near water and having to start the level over...ill also add that the in the original game the controls felt smoother and i now sometimes feel like my guy is walking in mud i also had to crank up the look sensitivity as the default setting was unusable in combat,i would say if you have the original then hold off on this copy til they take the time to clean it up some more."
76561197974633635,Recommended,286690,13527009,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,{(.:A.o.S:.)}FNDR. Dogmeat,"I got the Bundle on sale for like $16.00 U.S. which made it a Great buy! Just getting into the game,but so far love it."
76561198062074001,Recommended,286690,13528352,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wastey,like fallout but with more Russians.10/10
76561198063144117,Recommended,286690,13691474,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hun_Destiny,"You are living in the metro for many years, you suffer months. Than you install this game and live in the metro and suffer.Seriously: I read the book and that was briliant, but this game.... ah I have to say, it is more awesome then the book."
,Recommended,286690,13491139,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jamessenspire,"Ok so Im having a little trouble with getting the game going, i can get through the first video when you open the game but thats all then it just crashes. Can someone help me?"
,Recommended,286690,13491168,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Skazer,"I was a huge fan of the first one, even though there were plenty of bugs in basic combat and gameplay.This... This is what I call perfection.  They probably shouldn't have charged anyone for remastering a broken game, but it was worth every penny.  They turned a PC classic into a beautiful and bug-free masterpiece.That is the highest praise that can possibly given.The only downside.  Why the hell would you get rid of the best vocie actor?  Artyom's voice actor was phenomenal and set the perfect mood for the game.  The new guy... sucks."
,Recommended,286690,13493234,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Patrick Bateman,"This game nearly gave me a heart-attack, it's like fun so get it."
,Recommended,286690,13495899,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vecca,its better than watching old porn
,Recommended,286690,14875687,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LightShadow,"An original story, unique mysterious atmosphere, great gameplay. One of the must haves."
76561198016419556,Recommended,286690,27279113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Punisher,amazing atmosphere
,Recommended,286690,27276952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pepe Le Frog,This game is awesome u just have to play it and then buy the sequel :D 10/10 toasters
,Recommended,286690,27278163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Audaro,"This Game Is My SugarDaddy, It Made Me Feel Good, It Rewarded me, And It Gave It To Me Hard...10/10IGN"
76561198113670286,Recommended,286690,27322986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,boori$,Very good slav survival game 5/5 u can drink vodka
76561198138622617,Recommended,286690,27328741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fondercargo348,"""You call them beasts, I call them ♥♥♥♥♥es"" best quote ever <3 Uncle Bourban"
,Recommended,286690,27334988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Unilix,A deep and complex story with intense action.
76561198116587542,Recommended,286690,27337192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Demolition2u | PCMR,"Good, game, lag, but nice story, no skipping, gets a bit repatative"
76561198060274775,Recommended,286690,27326491,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blobkin,"Honestly one of the best shooter I have ever played, the athmosphere is great and the story makes it even better, it's awesome."
76561198014946800,Recommended,286690,27316679,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nameloc,the og of the series that starts the whole story and sucks you into the world of metro. amazing story and atmosphere.
,Recommended,286690,27315313,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RextintorZ [BRA],"Testing if the Review button works now. Also, amazing and immersive game."
,Recommended,286690,27317191,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheburacha✅,"This game was amazing. The storyline was fantastic. The mechanics of the game were very nice and easy to understand. Really there will never be a game series as good as these the combination of surviving, collecting and shooting your way in the storyline is awesome. Love these games!"
,Recommended,286690,27323187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pirate Thom,"Metro 2033 Redux really is leaps and bounds better than the original and is definetely the edition you're better off playing. The atmopshere and story in this game will pull you straight in, it really is one of the most immersive games out there (as is the original). My only real gripe with Metro 2033 is the length and it's linear nature which Redux doesn't address.Metro Redux is well worth it if you can grab it on sale, and even at full price if you aren't expecting it to last too long."
,Recommended,286690,27321513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dhami,Not bad.
,Recommended,286690,27338310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,R3K7em ♌,"A pretty nice game, with really good story!"
,Recommended,286690,27045125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☢KingPox☢,"Good graphics, fun enemies, cool guns and atmosphere."
,Recommended,286690,27035792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Serai,An old but awesome game. Graphics can still keep up with today's game's graphic.
,Recommended,286690,27056295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chiuistro,Great game Offers amazing story and amazing graphics
76561198067789304,Recommended,286690,27077474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Enterprise12,"This game is beautiful, one of the best stories out of any game i have played like ""Bioshock"" etc.Addicting to play.Also Pepperoni"
76561198112313358,Recommended,286690,27080508,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tim_The_Enchanter,"So I played the series backwards starting from last light and finishing up with this .In my opinion this is the best way to play the game , you are not spoiling anything to yourself and the plot makes alot more sense once you understand the final outcome of the story , otherwise the whole seven - eight our playthrough would be quite dull .I recommend playing in on spartan mode , but still taking a stealth approach this is meant to be played slowly , but the lack of ammo is a pain that spartan mode eliminates .All and all very good game and I can highly reccomend it ."
,Recommended,286690,27078376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ET*,10/10
76561198073477234,Recommended,286690,27137687,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,barü,"short game but good storyline, 11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,286690,27222634,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LTU_EiMs,Best remake I ever see. Waiting a new game I hope they release it next year :).
,Recommended,286690,27219966,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CopperStyX,"This is one of those titles.. which at first looks like any 'post-apocalyptic' stereotype but once you start diving in it starts to be much more..The most grim combat/survial you will ever play.. A real deep story.. a patoganist u really feel for... and not to mention the Vilian, first introduced as an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but towards the end they are not so different from you and I..They are surviors like any of us.. but stronger.. wiser.. enough to question your own humanity and that's what really get's you.And it's for that reason I nominate this for The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award !"
76561198101174968,Recommended,286690,27203350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eta zizi,game is lit
76561198121058228,Recommended,286690,27204203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strayed,"Pro- Almost everythingCon- NosalisesThis game is what would it be like if the Artyom from the book ""Metro 2033"" got Rambofied."
,Recommended,286690,27213482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,overflex,this game is my life <3 love it <3
76561198073374497,Recommended,286690,27218703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KID,yeah
,Recommended,286690,27369267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sevaarcen,"The gameplay is enthralling, the story is entertaining, the design is polished, and this is one of the most amazing single player campaigns I have had to honor of playing through."
,Recommended,286690,27370680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChaosPatriarch,"This game motivated me to actually read the book (and the book is even better!). But, to be honest THIS GAME was the one that introduced me into the Post-apocalyptic-nuclear-war kind of games like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Fallout. Beautiful experience, sadly the game is too short (i beat it a 2nd time on steam on Ranger Hardcore) here my pros and cons:PROS• It actually focus on the storyline, its story-rich, wich motivates to know more about this universe (and read the book).• Athmospheric horror and jumpscares in mutant atacks help a lot to make it a very inmersive experience• The enviroment and NPC behavior really gives you an idea of how the people lives in the metro• Separates athmospheric horror and action scenes very well on different missionsCONS• Too short, (for a 2nd playthrough on STEAM i beat it on 9 hours. I got it for $5.00 or so on a sale--STALKER and Metro 2033 are very inmersive in the post-apocalyptic horror, Metro's focus is the storyline while STALKER's focus is the enviroment's horror and AI wich makes every run a bit different."
76561197970541957,Recommended,286690,27352390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deslok,a diamond in the rough!
,Recommended,286690,27386780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ocelot,Artyom! Artyom! Artyom!
76561198042907426,Recommended,286690,27388417,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Auzza98,One of the most criminally underrated games in history.9/10
,Recommended,286690,27305020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RoninAtWar,Excellent atmosphere and fun gameplay. When this is on sale its an automatic purchase.
76561198048239073,Recommended,286690,27285973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,andrasN,Just a thumbs up
,Recommended,286690,20164728,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,12 car garage,A lot of fun to play! I love exploring the whole of the metro while fighting nosalis' .
,Recommended,286690,27017276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brentkilla,The BEST survival horror FPS game that I have ever played.
,Recommended,286690,27021440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tommex84,"What can I say, everytime I play this game I enjoy it. Although the gameplay is linear and the game itself was not high budget, it has excellent storyline and graphics. The overall atmosphere together with light & smoke/fog effects + claustrophobics of a dark metro tunnel really make this game feel survival, and when you add the mutant creatures it also becomes a horror game. Basically, this is a game for gamers who can dive into the story and sort of become part of it and play it as they were the main character, it is definitely not for your regular shoot-em-up (CoD, CS:GO,…) players.The reason I like this game is because it relates to the past (when people were forced to flee and live underground because of raging wars on the surface) and is not far from something that could happen in the future, considering how money/power driven and self-destructing humanity is.‘’Force answers force… war breeds war… and death only brings death. To break this vicious circle one must do more than just act without any thought or doubt.’’  (Khan, Metro2033)"
,Recommended,286690,27023573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lucasif The Odd,"Has so many variations of content and mechanics.You'll be managing your air supply while making sure the gas mask isn't too cracked while also making sure your ammo is enough to take on a few enemies while ALSO making sure your power is charged up so you don't have an inconvienent moment of loss of power to your flashlight and night vision.You'll also need to manage whether or not to use the high grade military incendiary ammo or to save it to use as currency to exchange for the cheap, metro made ammo and upgrades for guns such as the bicycle pump shotgun and the air pumped ball bearing gun.It also has a stealth system and a rudementory non-lethal lethal system imported from Metro Last Light.I think the only problem with this game is that you can't make your own maps on something like the steam workshop and create unlimited content.It's utterly fantastic, I love it, even though I'm a massive coward and get spooked out from it often."
,Recommended,286690,26998284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EtTuBruh,"Objective Things:- Great audio/visual design. Directional sound (important in a future horror FPS with stealth elements) is phenomenal. Visuals are not AAA in quality, but the design of the Metro and bombed out Moscow is sublime.- Gameplay has highs and lows, depends on difficulty. Can be a great challenge on higher difficulties/Survival mode. Movement and gunplay however is at best okay, aiming can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(particularly with the laser sight, IMO) and movement can feel sluggish.- Mechanics - one of the shining points of the game, despite how infuriating it can be. Lots of things are left unexplained, but are available if you are not me and actually pay attention. There's the watch that tells time, functions as a stealth meter, or tells you how long until you need a filter change. There's the lighter and journal that function as compasses, the  manually having to put your gas mask on...essentially, it makes the busywork of survival feel like your work - it doesn't pester you, just lets you be aware. From there, you still have to remember to take advantage of these resources. I also found stuff that's super helpful (compass/lighter) are balanced by the fact that you're a sitting duck if you walk around with no weapon out.- Story - good. Nothing incredible, but a solid, genuinely interesting story, with some neat characters. Gets very creepy at times, but balances well. Long journeys spent killing watchmen in dark tunnels are granted respite with stealth tactics or full blown shootouts with the Communist Red Line or the Fourth Reich. Stealth is also a ton of fun in the game.Overall, it's a good - not great - game. But, with solid campaign length, cheap price on sale, and gameplay reminiscent of older games - why look up the story or look at walkthroughs when the game yearns to be played to figure things out - along with hidden collectibles, routes, stories, and some fairly unforgiving difficulty and checkpoints, it's worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,286690,30923655,Posted: 3 April,all,马邦德(call me Ma),"Bought it on sale for $5, totally worth it. The story was interesting, the atmosphere was so intense that those ""biaatches"" scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥of me. Oh don't forget their Russian accents, those are fansinating, too"
,Recommended,286690,27345147,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lagotryx,"If you ever find yourself in need of a piece of art in a playable way, remember of this game.This game changed my entire point of view and it's about an aspect of our own existence that I can't even describe.One of the best games ever made, the mood, the combat, the upgrades, the story and story-telling, the Redux that made everything so beautiful and smooth...It is my favorite of all time (somehow it managed to take the place of bioshock).Controls: 8/10Enemy IA: 10/10 (playing on hard)Story-Telling: 10/10Story Rich: 10/10Graphics: 9/10 (gave it a break due to release date)Stealth: 10/10 (seriously, stop playing in easy mode....)Overall Gameplay: 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,27373912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xXrelichXx,A must play for any FPS fan.
,Recommended,286690,27345483,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GuiJeff,"This game is a master piece, definitely deserves a try if you are into post-apocalyptic scenarios and FPS games."
,Recommended,286690,27090743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Espirito Santo,"Force answers force, war breeds war, and death only brings death. To break this vicious circle one must do more than just act without any thought or doubt.Right in the feelings..."
76561197997045080,Recommended,286690,19272588,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,agurczuk,"A rather solid shooter. A bit gray but I guess it's because of the setting and nothing can be done about it. The weapons feel very responsive. The UI is a bit of lacking and confusing. You do get used to it and it does help out with immersion - you have no idea how much health you have, the character starts coughing and chocking when needs a gas mas or to switch filter.Shooting people is very nice, monsters not so much but that might be just personal preference. The story is ok - not really captivating but not terrible - but fits the general atmosphere of the game and the setting. Some cut-scenes could have been avoided. The finishing sequence is also the only thing not fitting the whole setting.Overall I enjoyed the game. Jumped a couple of times as well. Disliked a couple of areas and really liked others."
76561197963937040,Recommended,286690,19138666,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,glenn,I thuroughly enjoyed this game. Was fun from start to finish.
76561197962320786,Recommended,286690,19235529,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mr.Nefarious,"Metro 2033 was a great game. I never played the original build so I can't comment as to how much has been changed or updated in the 'Redux' Version. The graphics were stunning, the storyline was intriguing and the combat was very engaging. Metro 2033 plays like a combination of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl (atmosphere), Bioshock (combat and weapon modification), Fallout (scavaging for supplies in a wasteland) and Wolfenstein (killing nazi's, yay!) as it draws multiple elements from all of those games into one neat and tidy package. If I had to mention at least one issue that I had with the Metro, I would say that it was the level design. The surface levels were supposed to make Russia look like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ war-torn wasteland, but they inadvertently made Russia look better in-game than it does in real life! Bottom line: Metro 2033 will provide you with an excellent first person shooter experience and will keep you entertained for approximatly 7 hours of play time - it's definitely worth the price of admission."
76561197988197269,Recommended,286690,19380943,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Biship,"In a world of sandbox gameplay, I find few linier games worth while. Great game and definitely worth it. I like different points of views with reguards to nationality and culture. Keeps your mind open."
76561197994891313,Recommended,286690,19351179,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DeMo,Remastered version of one of the best games I have ever played? shut up and take my money!
,Recommended,286690,19358996,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GraphicX,"easy 8/10, would've gone 9 if the campaign had been longer (although the campaign is interesting enough for a replay).i had played the original on the Xbox 360 but it was nowhere near as good, not just the graphics but the actual gameplay has had a shakeup with the spartan mode added."
,Not Recommended,286690,19358519,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheFreeman,"Woa... don't know where to start.Given that Steam doesn't allow rating games, or that there's no 'it's okay' option pressed in between the 'yes' and 'no' option, I'm forced to choose NO. This is not a bad game and wow, it does have it moments. But there's so much here that I felt was missing. I'll address all the good/bad points:Firstly, the story isn't very rich. It's just the usual go to this station, then go there, and then oh wait a minute just take a detour and do this. Video games are like that, yes, but there's a bit of a story that drives the plot too, that makes you feel important and useful about what you are doing. At one point, I did not even care to collect all the Artyom notes. So if you just want to enjoy a very pretty looking game and with nothing but combat, go ahead.Secondly, like I said, it's a damn pretty game. Amazing detail to everything. Fog, lighting, water droplets. Amazing at atmosphere. Even the sound work was excellent, the whole of Moscow and it's metro felt alive and had to look behind me so many times because of the monster sounds. Although, the music didn't seem to suit the atmosphere (you can mute it if you want) and the voice acting is downright terrible. Russian's trying to speak English and at the same time trying to make their Russian accents heavier? What a joke! Why not just let them speak in Russian and provide us with English subtitles? That'll have added so wonderfully to the atmosphere! Oh well...Moving on... Thirdly, the AI is brilliant in combat. They hide, take cover, and try to circle us. Even on Normal difficulty, I had problems plenty of time but it was fun. The stealth is one of the best I've ever seen. There are literally places where can go on without being seen and there are multiple hidden ways. You can friggin' switch of light sources to stay hidden. I loved this and it was fun evading the enemies. You get both human and mutant enemies (the mutant enemies always bring an element of surprise as you progress through). But personally, I loved combatting the humans more.There's another ugly spot here: the AI is stupid when they are not looking. Like at this one point I killed a guy and suddenly his friend came out of nowhere. I got chance to hide. But when he saw his dead friend, he's reaction was like ""Argh, musta been a rat, never mind"". Dude, your friend's dead! And there was this point where I hid behind a crate and an enemy surprised me. But he didn't even seem to see me! What a joke. And this happened so many times.Lastly, the combat system is good. You get a variety of weapons and the game really forces the player to be different in gameplay (and makes him/her scavange for supplies a lot) as we get newer enemies. But one frustrating, I mean really really really frustrating thing is that it never gives any tutorials on using most of the weapons. Half of the game I had to figure out how to throw the grenades or use the melee weapon! Or even how to recharge your flashlight or your weapon (some weapons need recharching). Due to the fact that my walking speed is a little low, it dragged down the game even more. Just because of this, I felt cramped and uncomfortable in an already claustrophobic game. This is a huge drawback but I guess a hack can improve it.Metro 2033 (Redux) has a lot of potential and has it's moments (I'm willing to re-play many of it's levels) but it's a messy game with a poor, very uninteresting story that goes for forced profoundity but just comes out laughable (there's not much of story here either). Here's hoping Last Light is much better and much richer. And that there's more stealth in it!"
76561198052040210,Recommended,286690,19388327,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Greeny459,One of my favourite games of all time 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,286690,19353714,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OZ-00MS,"The one of two Metro games that will actually work and not crash to desktop at checkpoints. Story is meh, but the atmosphere and gameplay are phenomenal. A real shame that this game didn't overpower AAA titles in its time."
76561198077204400,Recommended,286690,19384978,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Karnimata,This is such an amazing game and i feel like it doesn't get enough cred.  The story line is just as good as Half Life and its one of those games you dont ever want to stop playing.  Get it!
76561198068925443,Recommended,286690,19371707,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Владъ Цепѣшъ,"In my opinion, one of the most fun, and most replayable games that has been released in recent years. A memorable and thrilling experience."
,Recommended,286690,19347958,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,You can tell that 2033 and Last Light are written for different audiences.Pick if you want 2/3 STALKER and 1/3 CoDThis game is ludicrously better than CoD
76561198122241091,Recommended,286690,19593954,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DerekBCD,"FI ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game!  Survival horror, story driven FPS.  Wide variety of enemies and tatctics to be used, and good variety of weapons.  Althought it it pretty linear, there are at some points many ways to progress through a level.  Moral desicions do not play as big of a role as in the sequel's Last Light, But this is an awesome game.  so much so, that I played it and the sequel twice back to back them traded them to my friend for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games just so he could share in the thrill of playing these games.  I've also bought the book which inspired these games and am enthralled!!"
76561198048472071,Recommended,286690,19591916,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,WHY ME,Its an interesting story but honestly I barely play shooters i just bought it because it was really cheap on sale and pretty well known
76561198148053485,Recommended,286690,19595380,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,สลัดผัก,"The first metro of this serie, Metro 2033, is horror action game. This redux version offers new textures and graphic. I don't have a chance to play vanilla of this game yet. So I won't mention about that version in my review.The frist impression of this game is its beautiful evironment and tremendous scenes. It offers another kind of experience from Fallout series. This game isn't survival or open-world game. It's very linear and straight forward but they compensate this by offering well narration and ingenious story revelation.Pros.- Great level design.- Killing Nazi.- 2 different ending.- Strong and well constucted story.- Apocalypse.Cons.- Some levels are dull and boring.- No replay value.- Some mutants are very annoying.- Boss fight is stupid."
76561197960511952,Recommended,286690,26846202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bradnitney,"It's like STALKER but underground, and actually in Russia."
76561198264545569,Recommended,286690,30916766,Posted: 2 April,all,(FGO) Kiyohime,"Good1. Great Survival gameplay2. Nice AI friend (Trust me they good at shooting)3.Gask Mask is the best4.Good Story5.Nice Weapon ModificationBad1.Bad AI Enemy (They always after you, Sometimes they can be stupid)2.Very Short Story (only took me 11 Hours to end it which is fast for me)3.Not Many Weapon Variation4.Jumpscare5,Too much motion can cause Motion SicknessOverall very solid game 8/10 would recommend to you unless u have phobia with dark and small roomPS: Just Dont Waste Ammo in this game"
,Recommended,286690,26675455,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The_Pizza_Guy,"Great story, highly recommend. I prefer the non-redux version of 2033 though. The redux has some personally unwanted retextures of some characters and makes the overall atmosphere brighter (or more colorful) among other things."
76561198123133438,Recommended,286690,26674097,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ra1n,"The story of the game was great! After i played it, i really think about buying the book... But to be honest, this was the only thing which was really good in this game. The Gameplay was okay. I played it on hard and always had enough ammunation. The enemys were hard, but they act kind of strange and unpredictable. It was fun to think about every next step you want to make to go thtrough the enemies but when i found out, that you can easily rush through the stages  without dieing, it was really dissapointed to go slow.  So overall, if you want a game with a great Story and the gameplay and graphics are less important for you, its a good fps. I enjoyed playing it, but it was only the story, which makes this game a good game..."
,Recommended,286690,26667755,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,raydhanitra,"From Last Light to this, now I must pay more attention to fragile doors"
76561198282715440,Recommended,286690,26431855,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Andromeda,Score-9/10Pros>GREAT CAMPAIGN>FANTASTIC ATMOSPHERE>METROS>DARK WORLD>NEW FLAVOUR UNLIKE USAUL FPS>OPTION FOR BOTH STEALTH AND VIOLENT MADMAN APPROCH>GOOD REMASTERCons>FEW TYPE OF MUTANTS>WEAK FINAL BOSS FIGHT>LACK OF SIDE QUESTS
76561198166203283,Recommended,286690,26539502,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BingoMatrix,"Atmosphere done right, fear of the unknown always there, the game just hits the right spots for a post-apocalyptic setting that may or may not happen in the future"
76561198071874180,Recommended,286690,26540139,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[ W O K Ǝ ] NullPug,"This game is completely worth getting on sale. Maybe even for full price.It is excellent. An excellent story, superb atmosphere, great visuals, enough paranormal elements to elevate it above a normal post-apocalyptic survival story, simple and effective stealth system, and an overall great experience.The story may be kind of short, but what is there is stunning."
,Recommended,286690,26691434,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,B!,"Epic game, if it's on special, buy it!"
,Recommended,286690,19723030,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bustimup Maximus,"Pros:- detailed world- full of secrets- different play styles- different weapon varieties and extensions- adapted off of a really good book ( go check it out )- ok sound- Both good guys and bad guys feel more like people than NPCs ( conversations and social dynamics)Cons:- AI is a bit dumb, if you are in a dark area than you will never be detected, ever!- As I said AI is a bit odd, they don't act like they are supposed to conserve ammo or care for their own lives, they act like they are cod kiddies.- This redux version did not maintain the original Metro 2033's dark textures that made you feel as if you were truly in the apocalypse. In the original characters and locations felt more alive and models for characters were more complex and diverse.- Some mapping & collision issues"
76561198115185611,Recommended,286690,26686152,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FreeMann,"Great game! I like the story a lot. I recommend playing on Survival because it seems to be more fun than Spartan. The game is linear, but that doesn't mean it isn't fun. The game is very fun.More about Metro: 2033You are Artyom. Metro: 2033 is a post apocalyptic video game based on the novel Metro: 2033 by Dmitry Glukhovsky where people live in the Metro, and dream of taking back the surface from The Dark Ones. Will humanity take back what used to be theirs? You go on a journey to find out, but it's not an easy one.Go get this game."
76561198103688246,Recommended,286690,26736042,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Clemm,"If we consider that Russia's preparing the World War III,Metro 2033 is able to demonstrate you how life in Moscow would be. ''))"
,Recommended,286690,26697909,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,King Gizzard,"I downloaded this game as it popped up in my queue on steam. I was really surprised. It's not a very long game, I beat it in about 6 hours. That being said it was still really good. If you like(d) half life, FEAR, this game has a similar feal with a bit more of a fall out vibe. It has a really good look with a lot of well placed small details, like flys landing on your gas mask and condensation on the inside of the gas mask. The weapons are also pretty good and have an accurate damage level against humans and monsters a like depending on armor level and size. I would really recommend this game if you have never played it before. I felt like I was missing out on some back story with some of the lore, but as this was a game based on a book that's to be expected."
76561198147265968,Recommended,286690,26743113,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,elnewb0,"very good game, i recommend you sticky two grenades on the gorilla to kill it."
76561198114239399,Recommended,286690,26743763,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,blackholexyg,Very impressive graphics and storyline.
76561198052465212,Recommended,286690,26731421,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Zahrada40,"I haven't yet finished this game. It is good. It is interesting. It has a nice pace and good ""save game"" mechanics. It feels a little bit like Alien Isolation. The combat is stealthy and scary. The atmosphere is amazing as hell. Literally. The downsides... the keyboard setting is a bit strange and some features can only be discovered by searching on the internet (recharging battery for instance). That's not very nice. Sometimes it also isn't very clear to me why I fail something and it takes time to find out, how things work. But that is a double edged sword. It is in fact positive an in a way similar to the difficulty of games pre 2000. So, superb! I like it overall. Very much. It's nice to not be a super hero and gets beaten up. This is always good in games. Kudos."
,Recommended,286690,26728622,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ZooM,"Great game, that will be for 100 years on country"
,Recommended,286690,26717452,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hotpackguy8abs,spooky nice game
76561198319203208,Recommended,286690,26718775,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GamePro85,I liked the game.Pros:Nice GraphicsNice Storyline (although incomplete)Nice EnvironmentFantastic ScoreCons:Short StorylineNo Multiplayer
76561198307378770,Recommended,286690,26719506,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PATAA,the game is great you guys just have to fix a few thing like add more guns and attachments and add multiplayer where you can fight with others and kill the creatures
76561198079951304,Recommended,286690,26894984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saffron,Probably one of the best Survival Horror post apocalyptic game I've ever seen that has best atmosphere
,Recommended,286690,26888761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mkbodanu4,"You like FPS games with interesting scenario, lot of secrets and amazing gameplay? try this one and do not forget to sleep:)"
,Recommended,286690,26814196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lp,"Amazing graphics, gameplay and storyline. Highly suggest this game!!!"
76561198077190848,Recommended,286690,26805797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JunkDestroyer,"A fantastic FPS with many fixes to the original 2033. The shooting feels great, the atmosphere is gloomy with a sense of constant dread, with a satisfying difficulty curve. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,286690,26945156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sk0gKniV,Amazing series here. Ranger mode for a real challenge.
76561198023634182,Recommended,286690,26926174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Snow Dogs[NL],"Read the book, it will fill in the story gaps, and answer any question you are left with.Also, this game is fantastic, its atmosphere, the people, the world both above ground and underground are stunning"
,Recommended,286690,30883332,Posted: 1 April,all,Rayne,"I really do like this game. M2033 was on sale on steam a couple weeks ago, so i decided to pick it up.Story: 7.5/10Gameplay: 8/10Replayability: 8/10besr game i have ever gotten for 5 bucks. not a 60 dollar game though, i would pay 40 though."
,Recommended,286690,25530614,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MIT4RKA56 CSGO500,Awsome game!Cool story and really good processing!!Recomend
,Recommended,286690,30866031,Posted: 31 March,all,Dirty Sanchez,"Almost feel bad for not being russian. Good game overall, but the voice acting its only good when put in russian"
76561198041080267,Recommended,286690,26544996,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,IQ,Don't make the same mistake I did..... Wear a diaper before you play this.
,Recommended,286690,25682563,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,JoLTie^,"I had a good experience with this game, i liked the story a lot aswell as all the great graphics, there was a frustrating part of the game which almost made me uninstall it, gasmask and filters are needed trough parts of the game, and when i came to a point and did not have enough filters to make it trough the next part, i just kept dying, there was an option to load from last checkpoint, but even then i could not find enough filters, had to restart the whole chapter and it took 45 minutes or so to get back to where i where.The ending was pretty quick and hasty it would have been better with a more challenging finale.Overall this game was very nice, i would recommend it to people who like single player shooter games."
76561198110571842,Recommended,286690,27463915,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Master Doggy,Good story and satisfying gunplay
,Recommended,286690,27462249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ⓇⒶⓏⓄⓀⓃⒾⒼⒽⓉ,"This game sure everyone must have one, I have bought the bundle with good price during Summer sales and really amazing with the gameplay and story plot. I actually never read the novel itself but pretty sure the game tells us its valuable and satisfaction to play. If like  to play fps with something related with Russia, pick this one first."
76561197970347380,Recommended,286690,27466942,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,likeSuicide,An awesome end-time game with a really great atmosphere and nice story. Enjoy the game!
,Recommended,286690,27473061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sezz,"LISTEN::::: BUY THIS GAME, IT IS GOING TO MAKE YOUR TIME AMAZING::::::::BYE"
,Recommended,286690,27472039,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ammo,nice game
,Recommended,286690,30930540,Posted: 3 April,all,Judge Rhadamanthus,"10/10 Except for the Trolley Combat level! OMG prepare to rip your c-ock off in frustration!  Tip: Shoot the bombers (dudes running right past you in the foreground) in the trench when you pass the section with the guys coming down the steps with the trolley in the foreground blocking your LOS. that’s the key. Trust me that tip will save your sanity.  Other than that really really low point, it’s awesome.  The environments are top notch.  not just the detail but the complexity.  The environments feel real. The places you find yourself feel like they had a purpose before you got there.   The world feels like it existed prior to your involvement.Some of the gunplay can feel a little sluggish.  You sometimes seem to miss when it was clearly a hit.  But nothing should stop you getting the Redux version.  Top notch."
76561198244227760,Recommended,286690,27110532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Syndicate,прекрасная игра
76561198102448092,Recommended,286690,27442880,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gaming VLounge.Youtube,"Great gfx, amazing."
,Recommended,286690,26236168,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Yuahu,"Because of this game I have a desire to read the book of Sergey Glukhovsky Metro 2033.This game is filled with interesting events and encounters with bandits, soldiers of the Reich, the soldiers of the red lines and the Spartans.I liked the jokes Ulman :D My favorite character <3"
,Recommended,286690,20081633,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Denneisk,"It's fun, overly dangerous, and well made, I'll give you that.I am happy as a clown."
76561198039477941,Recommended,286690,20194540,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Stakleni,"Best 7$ ever spent, Buy Metro Redux Bundle you wont regret."
76561198047680270,Recommended,286690,20069089,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kmkl,Very good apocalypse game with nice atmosphere.
,Recommended,286690,20189376,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Decent Guy VOEK,Nice MusicsExcellent GraphicsSuperb AtmosphereTouching Story9/10 Awesome game!F***ing gasmask filters! Toxic air killed me more than monsters!
76561198042544092,Recommended,286690,20189598,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheZergling,Really great game and the story and atmosphere are very well done.  My only complaint is that the game is pretty short.
,Recommended,286690,20205307,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,IndocTrain,"awesome game and story, refreshing really. many glitches and crashes... i hope they fix that."
,Recommended,286690,20200204,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vafr0us,"10/10One of the best games I have played with in the last 3 months, If you enjoy survival with a twist of horror I recomend this game for you. Great story and great gameplay would buy again!"
,Recommended,286690,20199180,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kikobugs,Played this while home alone. At night.Decided to turn it off and eat out.Scared the the living hell of me.....
,Recommended,286690,20214417,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rarkoth (Noah),A nice little gem among modern shooters.
,Recommended,286690,23546976,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Vairfoley,No game has made me feel more on edge. There is always something around the corner and the landscape around you is always so eerie. Going through the game is really a thriller.
76561198006417806,Recommended,286690,30790975,Posted: 28 March,all,Baba Yaga,Great game
76561198310929362,Recommended,286690,30790283,Posted: 28 March,all,Seven_Kingdoms,nice nice
,Recommended,286690,24407827,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ragnarock,"Its a 9 out of 10.only because Its such a puzzle to get the ''true'' ending.otherwise its perfect, Every pc gamer should play this once."
,Recommended,286690,24401632,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,soggybotoms84,Had a blast playing this game. I have not played a good story driven FPS in a long while. This game does not disappoint. I wish I had picked it up when it first launched but with the graphical improvements of redux I am more than satisfied with my purchase. Only con I have is that I didn't pick up the bundle.
76561198093627627,Recommended,286690,24395020,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rg1Style,"great game, be sure to pick it up when its at sale again"
76561198049815749,Recommended,286690,24414874,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Androshi,"Ah the first installment of this game never heard about it or read it's synopsis, but I got it during it's sale and ya I have no regrets at all good story and gameplay that will keep u engaged till the end."
76561198066427653,Recommended,286690,24208879,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jazzy Snake,Ctrl simulator 2033 (if your being stealthy that is)
,Recommended,286690,24146542,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,vman411gamer,"Wow what an incredible game. Immersive, fun, and scary are just a few of the adjectives I would use to describe it. One of my favorite things were the characters. Everyone had their own personality and because of that I was so invested in both the characters and the game. Overall, it was one of the best story-driven games I have played."
,Recommended,286690,17429096,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,labanaktis.,"Blyn.. Artyom, lets go.WILL PLAY AGAIN"
,Recommended,286690,30819263,Posted: 29 March,all,watworlditis,"when i bought it from steam during sale, i never thought it would be that nice. good atmosphere, exciting gameplay, and quite a storyline since it is based on a novel. beast fighting is both exciting and also frustrating, as it is so hard to survive in it. Btw, bgm are nice too."
,Recommended,286690,25046210,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[TB]Hammertime,"What a great game. I wish you had a little more freedom to guide the story as the player, but overall a very captivating plot with good gameplay. I highly recommend this game."
76561198120283925,Recommended,286690,25034893,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kupu4,TRUE SLAV GAME BLIN!
76561198111510495,Recommended,286690,24984155,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,object04,"Pros:-Interesting story-Amazing graphics-Good voice acting-Overall great game atmosphere-Good game mechanics-Decisions you make have a big impact on your surrounding, and the ending of the game-Some parts in the game have horror bits-Playing on the hardest difficulty level while on survival campaign mode makes the game realisticbecause of the scarcity of loot making every bullet and gas mask filter count-Good optimisation (runs on my potato like a charm)Cons:- noneOverall i give this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,24957699,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DarthPungz,"Only 30 minutes into the game.  So far, very pretty, wonderful atmosphere.  Tight controls.  Really feels well put together.  I am looking forward to experiencing the story.  Runs smooth at max settings on my Asus ROG laptop."
,Recommended,286690,24913711,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Salty,from the suka to the ♥♥♥♥♥ clap ur hands
,Recommended,286690,24947572,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Lootmaster,Just buy it and play the entire series 10/10. Just make sure you have a rig capable of running it to the max tomake it a complete immersive experience for you.
76561198132246895,Recommended,286690,30826349,Posted: 29 March,all,Gunter,The Library looks like the one in my home town
,Recommended,286690,22201535,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,African Crocodile,"A decent remaster, but some of the redone enemy designs (Librarians) don't look as scary as in the original game."
76561198271365375,Recommended,286690,24914282,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[KO] Ukraine_Elite,Best of the best.Ukrainians can make good games!
,Recommended,286690,24751224,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ludi_JR,Metro is a simulator game where Artyom stops playing CS with his gopnik friends and for the first time faces with the troubles of living in modern day Russia.
76561198164073453,Recommended,286690,22682398,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Travis Wolfe,The most creative world. I read the books and I have to say the world feels alive and breathing. Also dont think rushing through is a good idea its a bit more fun to challenge your self in this game.I want a mmorpg of the metro as a whole with only players and Ai creatures.
,Recommended,286690,21383622,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PayneTrayne,"This game is absolutely fantastic! The remastering and joint of the different sections was flawless. Compared to the sequel, ""Metro: Last Light Redux"", this game is deffinetly more focused on the horror aspect, however, the combat and stealth mechanics of this game are still very well done. All-in-all an exceptional game. If you like survival horror games, this is definetly a must."
76561198196710502,Recommended,286690,22974341,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mr Ditkovich,"Picked it up for £6 on sale. Great graphics, great characters, great story and great remake. I highly recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,286690,22974584,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mr.H4rmless,not bad
76561198078358172,Recommended,286690,22905340,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Winter Moth,"Absolutely fantastic game. I played the original a few years back on Xbox 360 and later on Steam. It had major gameplay problems, but was still a great game regardless. The Redux version adds in the much needed improvements that Last Light made while also adding in some fun extra content such as new weapons (Some of which were only previously seen in Last Light DLCs), and even an entire new level.I personally think the most impressive thing about the game is the optimization. My system barely meets the minimum requirements to run this game, but despite this I hardly ever see any slow down during gameplay. And even with all of the visual setting put down to the lowest possible levels, the game still looks great.All in all, Metro 2033 Redux is a fantastic FPS with heavy atmosphere and great gameplay. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good linear shooter or a well balanced stealth game, as you can approach almost every situation in either way."
76561198171329437,Recommended,286690,21222984,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CheEzCakePie,"ah... this game...This game is a beutiful game, highly recommend it. One of the best games i have played in a long time (that says a lot).This game boiled my blood, this game had me on complete suspence, this game had me at complete shock. at one point this game even made me had a tear in my eye.The plot, the action, the player control-ability (meaning going stealthy or loud and proud) was just all perfect.One part that i really liked was how the entire world, or at least Russia got sent back a couple of years, technology wise.Again, loved every second of me playing this game and i hope you do too.I got done with the game not to long ago and now it's time to move to achievement hunting.I didn't talk about what this game is about because i am no♥♥♥♥♥♥nozzle that spoiles the game, i wrote this review about what i felt about the game... Isn't that what reviews are for?"
,Recommended,286690,23061504,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,✪ Super Scouter,highly enjoyed this game buy if if u can this is the first out of the two and has a great deep story while not being too much scary. very fun and 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,286690,23074091,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,EL JEFE,"Im not even finished with this game and yet I can say this game is really good. Coming from Metro Last Light which was the second installment to the franchise I realised that the story for the first Metro game is by far the best but for me it took awhile to get into the mood for the first one. Survival in the missions are challenging in Metro 2033 unlike Last Light. I waited awhile to get this because they upgraded the graphics which does take in some part of how much I like a game and it is pretty compariable to the Last Light non redux. Metro 2033 has alot more to explore than the linear line design of last light. Overall if you come from Last Light you do have to force yourself into 2033 until the pace of missions gets interesting. My point where I enjoyed the game was when the Reds and the Nazis were having a battle in the tunnes and you were able to find Night Vision goggles, so cool and you cant find Night Vision Goggles in Last Light for sure."
76561198098677107,Recommended,286690,23078771,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,"Silent,brother","General Comment:8/10 for the story,6/10 as a FPS,7/10 as a survival game,7/10 OverallWorth buying with discount.+Both English and Russian audios are pretty good(well I'm not a Russian so I can't exactly tell.... but it feels ""Russian"" enough to me), so I don't know why some people complaining about the ""horrible English voice acting"".+Very good atmosphere.It does feel like a post-nuclear war world where humans have to suffer from radiation, lack of resources, and, most importantly and terribly, mutants born from the disaster.+Choice of weaponsEvery kind of weapons can be used throughout the game, and there's no ""best"" weapon which can be used for all battles. You have to pick the right gun to fight against different kinds of enemies and different situation.+Good storyJust as good as the novel. There are some changes and cuts here and there, but the awesome main story and background remains there.-Bad combat experienceHuman combat is generally average, fighting mutants is a horrible experience. The AI is horrible that sometimes you have no idea what the hell are your enemies doing with the walls and floors. And for most of the mutant combats you should have some Ai teammates with you, who have unlimited ammo, will never die (unless plot), high dmg output and some sort of taunt ability. You can't damage them (neither can the enemies), so you can happily hide behind him and throw grenade under his feet, kill all the enemies around and he won't take a scratch,-Intentional jumpscares which rather destroy the atmosphereI understand that this game is kind of a horror game if we consider its background story... but all the jumpscares in the game are basically just for the sake of scaring you. They'd put a shadow man in a daytime building when you're looting the place and have no idea why there appears this ghost for like 5 frames. Yes I'm scared but like why the heck do I have to deal with these things during looting or intense gun fighting?-Unbalanced secondary weaponsAs I mentioned your teammates take no dmg from your source at all. So you can throw knife, grenades, lightbangs, firebombs under their feet to clear out a huge wave of mutants (usually 4-5 which is really a lot). And, especially incendiary, is way too powerful in mutant combat. 3 incendiaries can just block the path and secure the position for some 20 seconds. ""Survival Game"" seriously?-Excessive amount of resourcesI play in Ranger mode, and I've expected to be always out of ammo and other resources. Well the fact is, you hardly lack of anything unless you pour them like water in every fight. Almost all enemies can be dealt with within 2-3 shots by any gun (to the head I mean), and combat against humans usually means you can loot something after each kill. Yes you may not have enough ammo to literally pour on your enemies, but it’s always enough to secure a walkthrough. Well this may be newbie-friendly but I really don’t feel the pressure that it should give me in high difficulty."
76561198170077106,Recommended,286690,23090431,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Crespy Cream Donuts,"Fallout with Neo-Nazis, Communists, Peasants, and really badass ranger dudes, oh and it's actually a tiny bit scary... 10/8 gg would buy again"
76561198247140212,Recommended,286690,24436369,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kawasaki420,"Brillant game 10/10, it has great grathics and the best story i have even played,i highly recommend buying this game its worth the time and money"
76561198018816602,Recommended,286690,24436599,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mikeey,Finally got around to playing this game. Didn't think I could jump out of my seat that fast and high. Scary game is scary.
76561198013994286,Recommended,286690,24458834,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,NickBushemi,"Liked this game. Worthwhile, undoubtedly!!"
76561198077872538,Recommended,286690,30824715,Posted: 29 March,all,Arthur king of the Britons,"you will spend 90% of your playtime running, hiding or just generaly cowering in fear."
76561197971701104,Recommended,286690,24350254,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Happily Retired :),"Great game, had loads of fun. Ammo is a problem unless you take the time to look around and restock at suppliers, the same applies to gas masks. Loved the brocken english and the whole underground feel to an excellent story. Graphics were as good as any game needs, unless you want it to look like real life, which for me, rather spoils the feeling of playing a game. I think game makers should spend more time on the gaming qualities now, because graphically, things are pretty awesome across the entire spectrum. Nice word that - my first computer was a 48k ZX Spectrum. Sorry, I digress, buy this game, it is fun, not too hard, but still a challenge and you don't need any cheats - they just remove all the satisfaction."
,Recommended,286690,30824515,Posted: 29 March,all,Eternal Nepatuna,Not sure why the Non-Redux isn't available on steam dispite being in my library. Still love the game franchise so forgive my bias when giving it a 8.5/10
76561198259926314,Recommended,286690,24404487,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Markham,it fun and good sexy times
,Recommended,286690,24292278,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sleepers,"this game is unique, i still remember back then when i see my friend playing the metro 2033 not the redux versionit is creepy at some point and god the atmoshpere of post apocalyptic makes me speechless every damn time, it's feel dark, deep, unimaginable.khan words dammit it's always struck in my mind, it's just sooo deepim trying read the novel but somehow my files is gone in jungle of folder :vthat's it im bad and reviewing games people im really really sorry,if im like it i reccommend the games to my friends if i don't i like it. i doesn't even bother write a review neither just leave blank review to dislike it"
,Recommended,286690,24256295,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,duct,"A game that has a good story, Great FPS/Post-Apocalyptic game.Highly Recommended try."
,Recommended,286690,24267932,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Addameme,"Really good game I enjoyed it a lot, but one thing I gotta say, ♥♥♥♥ the Dark Ones."
,Recommended,286690,23416780,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Товарищ (Away At War),this game is cheeki breeki all the way10/10 now russian
,Recommended,286690,23417507,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Christopher,an awesome game and more awesome  with the redux now aswell :D
,Not Recommended,286690,30792053,Posted: 28 March,all,daylightless,"Glitched out at the start of dry and I choked to death during a cutscene, unable to change my filter. Top quality."
,Recommended,286690,23488942,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,A Bit Of The Old Ultraviolence,"I love the story behind this game so much that I bought the audiobook to listen to once I got stuck in a certain part since I try not to use guides (well, the internet now) to help me through a game unless absolutely necessary. I can't really think of anything negative off the top of my head, but I will update this review with more details when I have more playtime/think of any negatives."
,Recommended,286690,23465478,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,XD001,GG
,Recommended,286690,23553517,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bjorn_altenburg,"Played old metro before playing Redux. How did they make Metro better? I have no idea, but they did. 11/10 worth every boolet."
76561198172213522,Recommended,286690,23540811,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,pikminbeebop,"I do not understand why they split it into two games. (maybe separate boooks?) either way...... ITS AMAZING!!The gunplay is great, no brain dead AI, great graphics and effect, and best of all AMAZING STORYcannot describe how well the story is and i really do want to read the book of it."
,Recommended,286690,15781675,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Annie T. Mood,"The game brings the engine and a few bits of content from Last Light to 2033 such as a couple of the enemies & weapons.It's better optimized and just an overall improvement from the original 2033 though I feel that there was a bit more ""action-oriented"" music than there should be which sidetracks a bit from how depressing the setting the original game was showing. You can turn the music off to get more ""immersed"".Before starting a new game you get two choices of playstyle, Survivor or Spartan. This replaces the armor choices in the beginning to the original 2033 one. Survivor is meant for those who want to approach things stealthily and will supposedly highly minimalize the amount of supplies that are found throughout the game. Spartan is for those who want to go guns blazing and will allow you to take more bullets than in Survivor. From what I found there's still a crazy ton of supplies out there in Survivor mode and the only real difference maker is when picking the actual difficulties, Normal, Hardcore, Ranger, & Ranger Hardcore. Ranger & Ranger Hardcore are the only ones as far as I know that actually make a difference in how much ammo is out there in the world and how many hits you can take before dying.Something that I favored were the collectible diary pages that are found if you explore each chapter. I thought they brought more to the story as in you get more of Artyom's thoughts on situations so should you find and read said diary pages. Kind of neat for the story-driven part.It's mostly the same game on a better engine with some different & added scenarios & stuff to get plus it's also maybe a bit easy (easier)."
,Recommended,286690,23535357,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rileyxelman,"The replayablity of this game is incredible. With a quality computer it runs incredibly smoothly too. No matter what ending you get, its always fun to go back and do what is necessary to get the other ending.  No spoilers from me though ;)"
76561198069771306,Recommended,286690,23518868,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,j0by,A good game to spend your weekend
76561198140958256,Recommended,286690,14731429,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Daniel,If you dont try this and its follower you might as well say to you self: IM A STINKY POTATO!!!!!
76561198007000988,Recommended,286690,24688299,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[TSL]SilverHelios,"One of the best if not THE best shooters ive played, Amazing story. solid gameplay and always worth a replay"
76561198092259845,Recommended,286690,24696624,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TEEWURST,Most immersive game I have ever played.
76561198117027303,Recommended,286690,24680362,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Yahya Jammeh,CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE
76561198121676989,Recommended,286690,24669739,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,25 day old wretched ziti,"Amazing game, I definitely recommend it! I also reccomend to play with no hud (I forgot what difficulty it was, I think the highest) because it really makes you immersed and makes the game much harder but not to a point where it is incompletable. Awesome game."
,Recommended,286690,24692539,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Funk Mann,"Great game! Graphics, story, combat, stealth, all aspects of this game is great and with about 9 hours of gameplay you won't regret the purchase. Jam packed with action, drama and achievments and collectables I would recommend picking this up with last light on a sale!"
76561198053120166,Recommended,286690,21118503,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Seventh Monkey(Agt. Cooper),"I beat the original Metro 2033 game, but liked Metro Last Light Redux so much I picked up this redone version too.  As a series, the Metro redux series is an AWESOME shooter game.  The graphics are great, the guns are customizable, the first person cinematic storyline is immersive, and ranger hardcore survival mode is the way to go.  Who the hell goes spartan anyway?End analysis--remastered version was better than the original and worth playing along with Metro Last Light Redux."
,Recommended,286690,24741122,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,1st LT. S.Freer,Whats Up With Side Charcters Getting Killed Or Going Somewhere By Them Selves Am I Right?
,Recommended,286690,24750636,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,EctoJyunk,"A truly immersive atmospheric fps game. It gets spoopy sometimes so play at your own risk. The only other downer is it's sorta hard to get a good ending. But amazing game overall.(read the book too if you liked the game, it's gives you a more in depth view of the game world)"
76561198058847748,Recommended,286690,17547954,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Sarah Goebbels,there are a bit of bugs but i can't say no
,Recommended,286690,24731593,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,"I quite enjoyed the atmosphere in this title. The ending was a little meh, but I'm glad I experienced this game."
,Recommended,286690,24731750,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I really recommend this video game.
,Recommended,286690,24545706,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TONS OF DAMAGE,gud storygud gempleygud gem
76561198055343134,Recommended,286690,24564590,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Old_Machines,"85/10After reading the book I immediately jumped into the game to feel and see the world of Metro... wasn't disappointed.Even thought the game drift away from the book a little bit, almost all locations, characters, events... stayed true to the original material. The gameplay and game mechanics are good, a lots of things to worry about while play, not just to shoot at things. But the main star of the game was atmosphere and the world of Metro 2033, game of light and shadows on your screen combined with good sound effect, makes you at the edge of your seat all the time.The only negative things were not that good dialogs, average voice acting, and the fact that Artyom was speachless ghost trough the whole journy.Overall Metro 2033 is great FPS/Survival game with a good story... What more can one ask for?!"
,Recommended,286690,24565536,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,dawsonrr105,"Absolutley loved it, if you want a action shooter Metro is not your game. If you want a beautiful experience with atmosphere and all that shiz. Then Metro is your game."
76561198182388382,Recommended,286690,24546572,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Arial CCAA,"Well, the game itself is one of the best games i ever played, having a storyline very good, but unfortunatly short and with no sidequests at all, being linear in all concepts.the gameplay is awesome if you like stealth, being one of the bests i ever played, having some resorces that not even farcry 4 has.but I must say that the game's not so good when it comes to perfomance, being really hard to run in 60 fps on high quality in mt gtx750."
76561198167156271,Recommended,286690,24602129,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,LORRENZZO the MAGNIFICENT,I bought this and last light together in the redux bundle and played them both back to back so they are pretty much one game to me.And my 3rd favouite game ever made!
,Recommended,286690,30833180,Posted: 30 March,all,iluminTheGroom,This game is absolutely amazing! The atmosphere is one of the best I experienced in a video game for a longtime! You owe yourself to play this game if you call yourself a gamer! You will thank yourself afterwords!
,Recommended,286690,24635471,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kryptolojik,"Looking for a post-apocalyptic story driven FPS?  Something like Bioshock, or the new Wolfenstein.  Look no further."
,Recommended,286690,23344835,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,snowshoe97,Best post-apo game ever!
,Recommended,286690,23282354,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Arctic Leaf,"An amazing mix of horror and action. Also has the best story of all FPS games, even giving Half-Life 2 a run for its money. Beautiful graphics, gripping story, and fluid gameplay, this game is definetly worth getting.10/10"
,Recommended,286690,23220817,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JKJacob,AH NU CHEEKI BREEKI I V DAMKE10/10Most Slavic game of 2014
76561198089645223,Recommended,286690,23227776,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"The Redux is basically just Metro 2033 but with much better optimization.There are some other changes as well, such as the watch having the Last Light blue bar of visibility instead of the original Metro 2033 3 light system and the presence of a melee button instead of a seperate knife weapon.Metro 2033 is a very enjoyable game based off of a book by the same name. Story is great, atmosphere is great, gameplay is fun, and the stealth works well enough. Includes the Ranger difficulty modes, Steam trading cards, and achievements.It took me about 10 hours to finish the game my first playthrough, and I intend to complete it in Ranger Hardcore as well in the future. I would definitely recommend giving it a try if you're interested in a sort of survival horror/action game."
76561198088098724,Recommended,286690,23229392,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Gaudium,"Pretty mediocre first person shooter. Good visuals, interesting story (though a bit predictable), decent upgrading mechanics, but the rail shooter portion of the game gets really stale and frustrating at times. Honestly, I'm not sure why any FPS type game really thinks rail shooters are good gameplay mechanics, they never usually pave out well. 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,286690,23189154,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,K321,Compelling storyline and a fantastic thrilling atmosphere. I'd recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,286690,23205579,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,gfawesgagwagw,Awesome gameI recommend to play
,Recommended,286690,23705462,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CDorman,"Personally one of my favorite FPSs, and I would recommend it to anyone who's new to the genre. However, there is one issue, and that is a game breaking bug that comes at the very very end of the game. I've also heard the bug can occur around chapter 3, which is towards the beginning. All in all, the game is great, but watch out for the bug."
76561198123851954,Recommended,286690,30804075,Posted: 28 March,all,s19pajua,"this is my second ever review along with last light and i have to say this game BLEW ME AWAY you just cant stop playing it and the writing,setting,and atmosphere is spot on it is just its own gem and really makes me want to get the books just amazing please get it if you can trust me no other game will suprass this and last light in terms of the story and action"
,Recommended,286690,30804422,Posted: 28 March,all,Lil Zap,From what I have played I love itbought it on the ps4 did not play it onceBought it on the Pc and I love itgo figure
76561198234052924,Recommended,286690,23753277,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Niceone ✌,"If  u  liked  metro  last  ligth  u  shoude  try  metro  2033 ,   it  tells  more  about  u  main  hero"
,Recommended,286690,23747971,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[QPO] ROOT,"Metro has a great stories. It has scary atmosphere, upgradable weapon, great view. Don't miss game!!"
76561198029158201,Recommended,286690,23637705,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Monoten,"I owned the original metro 2033 but when I could buy it cheap I immediately did. The graphics are much better than the original and the inclusion of the diary notes gives more of an insight into Artyom's mind. The gameplay is good too, while stealth is an option in some segments most of the time it's about carefully shooting your enemies hitting where it counts. The ending is nice too and I have to say it's a nice game."
76561198327645286,Recommended,286690,30798222,Posted: 28 March,all,Eden45,amazing game.
,Recommended,286690,23622705,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,BeastSlayer,"A pretty nice remake. But considering the original game is not that old, it feels unnecessary.Overall, the redux is better optimized and better looking than the original, though some fans of the orignal does not like the graphic change, overuse of lens flare for example.2033 Redux is more difficult than the original, they overhauls it so it plays like Metro: Last Light. I liked most of the gameplay changes. However it is still mostly the same linear level, thus replayability is not very good.If you own the original 2033 you don't really need the redux, but if you don't, redux is a nice improvement over the original game."
76561198003729995,Recommended,286690,23623112,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,=(e)=™ The Hessian,"A new and ""improved?"" look at the original Metro 2033. Metro 2033 Redux has had some significant changes, especially in terms of graphics. I'm going to be completely honest, I'm not 100% sure what to make of the graphic changes. Some details, such as the condensation on your gas mask have been improved tremendously, while some character models such as Khan have really been borked. Oh, and the Biomass doesn't look as badass now. On the other hand, some new mechanics have been added, such as weapon additions, such as a night-vision scope for your Kalash, or even a four barrels for your Duplet (Quadruplet anyone?). These add some choices to the game, and speaking of choices, the choice to be stealthy is ever present. Stealth is an option. Lastly, I notice that some segments of the game have been combined, perhaps to smooth out transitions. Overall, this game is a cut above the original, although I can't say all changes were for the better (Bourbon, Khan, Biomass). Overall Score: 9.7/10"
76561198357777624,Recommended,286690,30797354,Posted: 28 March,all,xared,"""Some people call these demons,I call it ♥♥♥♥♥es!""-Bourbon10/10 amazing post apocalyptic game"
76561198348612261,Recommended,286690,30797855,Posted: 28 March,all,davecubsrule,"Good story, lots of action, really fun to play. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,286690,23645555,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Purple Turtle,"This is by far better than the original version as I'm kind of terrible at video games. The introduction of the spartan mode does make me feel a lot better about being bad at games. It focuses on atmosphere as opposed to jump scares so you will find yourself in a tunnel worrying about where the next attack will come from and the game does make you so happy to be seeing someone else's face.The game is somewhat slow-paced near the beginning, but does speed up and has an interesting affect aside from being a generic shooter which puts Artyom (Protagonist) in a different position from the other metro-dwellers.Overall, I would definitely recommend the game, though would personally wait for the cheaper sales as for me, I don't feel there's very much replayability."
,Recommended,286690,23698134,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sconcho,A nice blend of horror and action crafted into a well-designed FPS. Artyom is one bad dude.
76561198050587567,Not Recommended,286690,21623880,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Thorgard,"I did play Metro 2033 some time ago at a friends place. Loved it. Bought the Redux bundle. Regret it.Metro 2033 started one time, then never again. Tried lots of things. Got tired of it."
76561197961977160,Recommended,286690,21350101,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dustin,"Very atmospheric. The attention to detail on the levels is very impressive, and there are multiple ways to play through the game. Really enjoyed playing this one. In my mind it's one of the better FPS games of all time."
76561198081337992,Recommended,286690,21537647,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pedro El Spector,"Just got 100%, and i'm about to make a short pros/cons list trying to avoid spoilersPROS-Solid gameplay. Challenging but entertaining FPS game, where you fight both human and monster enemies, with survival elements and a little bit of stealth-Atmosphere is awesome. By atmosphere i mean: Locations, soundtrack, dialogues, voice acting... it's really well done-Plot is cool, maybe not the best i've seen but thrilling enough, with a bunch of cool characters to boost it-The game has muuuuch more content than it seems. I don't wanna spoil it, but there is a very important thing about the game you probably will find out only checking guides-You can really replay several times and actually have a different gameplay experience: 2 modes (more resources, everything does more damage/less resources everything does less damage), with/without HUD, 2 difficulty levels.-Achievements are pretty challeging/interesting, and for a completionist like me pretty funny to get-Realism: Russia after nuclear apocalyplse, lack of food, medicines, fresh water, monsters, radioactive spots, but GODDAMN they still have infinite provisions of vodkaCONS-More could have been done towards enemy variety: human enemies are just regular enemies/armored enemies (instead of, dunno, snipers, shotgunners etc.) and also monsters look quite the same: they run of top of you and try to slap you. Also, several species of monsters appear ONLY IN ONE LEVEL. Come on, i like those guys, let me deal with them some more-Stealth is cool, but actually pretty hard to figure out, since there is no tutorial at all and you need to understand how it works trying over and over. I learned to stealth properly only during 3rd (and last) playtrough-The hidden thing i was talking about above. That's pretty important, if you want to keep it hidden maybe give me a couple hints? This really makes a person risk to give up the game while actually missing a lot of content-It's pretty creepy in certain levels so maybe if you don't like creepy atmospheres this might not be your thing (i'm quite a ♥♥♥♥♥ about horror and i dealt with this just fine though)-Can't skip cutscenes and speeches even when reloading a chapter. The plot is cool, but when i had to play the same levels over and over to get achievements it was pretty painfulSo as you see cons are rather small, this is a good purchase if you are looking for a good fps with survival/creepy elements and a well done plot/setting"
,Recommended,286690,21119428,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Escobar_97,"Awesome game! It has a great story line and If your GPU can max out the settings it looks beautiful!  One of the best FPS i've ever played! I highly reccomend this game and the sequal ""Metro: Last Light""! :D- 10.5/10"
,Recommended,286690,21200171,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,RandyButternubs,this game blew me away. i highly recomend it to anyone.
,Recommended,286690,21303564,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,and Butter,2nd favorite story next to The Last of Us
,Recommended,286690,30705280,Posted: 24 March,all,ノア,one of my favorite games remastered.....but the visuals arent much improved in my opinion.  too much contrast and the sharpening of details looks plastic. some characters are now even glossy.the gameplay has some valuable changes and the the maps are well remade.As game it self its great but not really better then the old PC version.
76561198090458573,Recommended,286690,21298431,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jimmy,Wonderful game. Sometimes a bit slow but the storyline is so immersive and interesting.  Worth playing through because the game constantly grabs your attention.
,Recommended,286690,21306671,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,rm,"The book was better. Some of the enemies glitched out a TON, but otherwise it was fun. :D"
,Recommended,286690,21224780,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,kimsballs,Lots of fun and good story. a few rare graphical bugs.
76561198078643583,Recommended,286690,21220994,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Scourge,There's no other video game atmosphere quite like this.
76561198283616720,Recommended,286690,23847421,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,alexk19901,11/10 This is a really well built game beautiful strory is good graphics  good gameplay is fun never a boring moment well recommend would of pais $59 dollars got it on sale tho
76561198102072108,Recommended,286690,24096255,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"The FitnessGram(TM) Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep.] A signal lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding.] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."
,Recommended,286690,24094453,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Biggu Nikuo,"The only thing scarier than a game set in Russia is a game set in Russia with a bunch of god damned mutants running around. Good job Metro, you've made me never want to set foot in Russia."
76561198016050852,Recommended,286690,24075588,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Spartan Rebel,Metro 2033 Redux .The graphic is really good and fps is amazingand it is better than the old version of the metro2033 non redux.A little bit of horror and thats it
,Recommended,286690,24023962,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dan Dan the Roofing Man,Amazing game. First played Last light and 2033 on xbox 360 and it was amazing. Get this. I hope they make Metro 2035. GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,286690,18156844,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,22CNT,Got into the Metro series from playing the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series. While simiar concept both games played and felt completely different.+The story of this game had me engaged start to finish+The graphics were amazing+CharactersExcited to jump into Last Light !
,Recommended,286690,23978636,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shiokazeξ,a good game...but....just feel dizzy LOL
,Recommended,286690,23975201,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Southern_,Like it just like Last Light but for some reason 2033 loves to just randomly close on me. Also had an audio issue but that was a common easy fix.
,Recommended,286690,23973938,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,eL diablo,its dope dude
76561198022188358,Recommended,286690,23975383,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,subdaws,awesome game buy it.
76561198082458070,Recommended,286690,23956446,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kras,"Librarians no longer dies from a bunch of arrows, facial animation look strange, also absolutely unnecessary new voices (in Russian), so 0/10, actually. Still a good game though. Redux is less bugged and contains nice features from LL, but for immersion I recommend playing original"
76561198230518728,Recommended,286690,23970745,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DeanGrande330,I've never been more immersed in a fps before. It's amazing.
,Recommended,286690,24023322,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sirope (imported),OH THE GREAT GATE SHE IS CALLING ME YES MY MISTRESS YESS
,Recommended,286690,24026795,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cowboykitty101,"A real ♥♥♥♥er when it comes to resource management. This is a game where spray and pray is not an option, and all your time spent on the surface is spent trying to stay out of a fight and not risking losing your prestious gas mask or the filters that come with it. 9/10 this game is a real challenge especially in hardcore ranger mode *Not for the faint of heart"
76561198068426556,Recommended,286690,24000927,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vacuum,"Such a great game. Sad how short it is, but I plan on playing it again on a harder difficulty and getting the 2nd ending"
,Recommended,286690,24006693,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kanye West,Verry good game good game play and story would recomend 10/10 game
76561198311787621,Recommended,286690,24007196,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Just-Above-A-SCRUB,"best game I have played in ages, its worth the money."
,Recommended,286690,18600199,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,บุญชู,หลอนดี ชอบๆๆ
,Recommended,286690,23997482,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cherry,"Just buy it, it is amazing, if you dont like it, refund, i am 100% sure you will like it though, it wouldnt hurt to try!"
76561198023729375,Recommended,286690,24030924,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,(RNGR) Palacov,"Fantastic game! I laughed with the characters, shouted in fear at the creatures in the deep, and fought for the Metro. Great story. even bought the books after i played."
,Recommended,286690,16624985,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bloody osiris,metro boomin want some more ♥♥♥♥♥aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,286690,24757137,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Can Sir,Air Filter Simulator
,Recommended,286690,24754663,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,American,10/10 Good CS:GO MM SimulatorRussian Cykas thrown out everywhere. Spraying with♥♥♥♥♥♥guns with♥♥♥♥♥♥recoil. Then when you realize you need aim tapping and bursting. Dying and getting mad blaming♥♥♥♥♥♥AI firendlies 10/10
76561198181140657,Recommended,286690,24802440,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,HuntAK,"I thought the game was awesome! It had a perfect mix of horror and action with also good graphics and amazing gameplay. I loved the story behind the metro and the person you're playing, Artyom. I highly recommend this game to gamers who enjoy a thrilling horror game and first person shooter gameplay."
,Recommended,286690,24792214,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TebraX,"Wanted to buy Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light Original games, not remakes, but insted i bought this by mistake. I'm not regreting it, i love the game, i love the story. I cannot argue with negative reviews based on light in the tunnels etc, they are maybe right, maybe not.For me it was really nice experience and looking forward of playing Last Light now after finishing this one.9/10"
,Recommended,286690,24785931,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,skrrt,This game is good if you enjoy postapocaliptic type fps games. With that small half life vibe and abit horror plus survival combination it makes a very good game. The cons are that the ending deppends on how much karma points you get that decide the good/bad ending wich you dont know about unles you read third sources. Even bioshock series got the good/bad endings but the choices were pretty obviuos on wich ending you wanted to be.Overall: good game 8.5/10would buy metro again xd
76561198101651609,Recommended,286690,24902430,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,jt50502,>Staring down librarian>He shrugs and walks off>Step forward an inch>Librarian instantly turns around and kills meWould play on Ranger Hardcore again 11/10
76561198285062934,Recommended,286690,24836787,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Plastic Panorama,"Metro 2033, to say the least, is one of the best games to come out in the last decade. Not to mention one of the best in it's genre. Which means a lot considering how many fps games are out there. But to call 'Metro 2033' only an fps would be an understatement, considering it's also a pretty good horror game at times too. The combat feels great. The gun play is intense and every enemy is deadly. The game gives players the option for stealth at times, and although it feels good the game doesnt give you enough opportunities for that option (In my opinion). But honestly that may be biased nitpicking since I love stealth options in games, so take that with a grain of salt. The setting, ambience, designs and mood are on point. Overall Metro 2033 is the better game (for the most part) compared to 'Metro Last Light' (the sequel) and hope going forward the developers look to Metro 2033 for inspiration over Last Light. If you love the idea of a FPS suvival horror game, look no further, because it simply doesnt get better than this."
,Recommended,286690,24833145,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Bax,"That's one of those titles that should be in every gamers' library. The atmosphere is unique, everything is so original in this game! The weapons are awesome, nothing you have ever seen in other fps games. Good storyline too, if i can find something that i haven't liked is the fact that you character doesn't ever talk in dialogues. It's a minor problem, and not everyone will dislike it anyway. Has a good price too, and if you find it for sale at 50% off you'll make one of the best deals ever. Paying full price won't feel wrong anyway. A bit of warning: it's not for casual players, this game is hard and the enemies means business! In higher levels of difficulty you'll have to think twice every time you explode a single bullet, and you need to learn how to use various weapons in various situations. Can be really unforgiving at times, and even the easiest difficulty level can give some challenge.In conclusion a must have for everyone in my opinion, unless you don't like a solid challenge."
76561198090188744,Recommended,286690,24833168,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Pew Spew Pew,"did not expect it to be so playable on linux :Oreally good porting alas. Also a great game, but everybody knows that already."
76561198145294530,Recommended,286690,19499711,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,✪ kiNguu,It's a great game. The story is interesting and the gameplay is very good. Hightly recommended !
76561198130251940,Recommended,286690,22930281,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,C.crosbie,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,286690,22954717,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sunohara,"Saw a red haired lady on a bar full of old men.saw same lady again, luring me for some ""fun""followed lady to a private room. got jumped by an old guy.both of them stole all my money. (which was only 2 bullets)didn't know this game was a real life simulator too. lol"
,Recommended,286690,22954349,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[ModMCdl],"Amazing game full of rich story and action! A perfect twist of sci-fi, action, and just enough horror to give you a good scare or two. Definitely a must-buy!"
76561198149956404,Recommended,286690,22956025,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Electric Public,DO YOU LIKE THE FOLLOWING :-NAZI-POST APOCALYPTIC-MUTANT MONSTERS-ACTION-FPS-ATMOPHERIC SCENES-SURVIVALTHEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU .(PS. DO NOT BUMP INTO THE LIBRARY)
,Recommended,286690,22931704,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"the best FPS/horror i've played so far,i never was a big fan of horror so be aware that this game is reviewed by someone who ♥♥♥♥♥ his pants everytime he hears a mutant,sees a dark one or is seeing a illusion.For a game i haven't even heard off till it got remastered i was suprised to find out the Story is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. makes me wanna read the actual book this game was based off. The gameplay itself is nothing special, you got your inventory which can hold 3 guns, 5 of each throwable, and filters for your gas mask. the in-game currency is interesting tho, why? cause bullets. fire them at enemies, or trade them for attachments or weapons. your choice. and your standard horror game flashlight. But whats a horror game with out being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! well i think its fair to say that the first few chapters, up until chapter 8 orso weren't scary, it was once i surfaced that i nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants every 10 minutes orso, i'm not kidding i speed runned thro that part i♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. like if your not familiar with horror games like me you'll be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and probably have a nightmare or two. oh and if you have the worst case of aracnephobia, don't buy it, took me half a minute to see spiders and i already knew those weren't the last.To make a long boring review short, This game is the perfect mixture between First Person Shooters and Horror"
,Recommended,286690,22934641,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ad0zev,"Simply an amazing game with alot of detail and atmosphere to it, I have only played it for about 2 hours but those 2 hours have been some of the best hours I have experienced with a game. I highly recommend people to buy this game. You will not be dissapointed."
76561198079466901,Recommended,286690,22924579,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Alexa,"Simply awesome shooter game. If you liked Resistance series, Halo, and a bit of Russian slang, this is your game."
,Recommended,286690,30750348,Posted: 26 March,all,Razz,"нат славич енаф, бат итс еј гуд гејм"
76561198151029768,Recommended,286690,22455755,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,brennant31,"Very underrated game. Excellent atmosphere and gameplay. Graphics and models improved over the original version.I haven't played through the whole game yet as of writing this review, but it is an excellent game so far9/10"
,Recommended,286690,22421383,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,kei,Definetly a recommended game for anyone who's into singleplayers and apocalyptic games. I didn't think it was that big of a deal until when I actually played it...BEST GAME EVAH :D
,Recommended,286690,30756181,Posted: 26 March,all,Vladimir,"""If you like demon-coladas, and getting caught in a storm,If you're not into bro-guts, If you have half a gut,If you like killing♥♥♥♥♥♥at midnight, in the dunes of the waste,I'm the Ranger that you've hunted for, attack me, and die.""(my remake of Escape)I mean, seriously, get this game, it's the best horror survival game in like forever. Even Dead Island isn't as good. Also, make sure to go with the hooker after the part the cart ride. She has a nice suprise for you. Very niiiiicccccceeeee........"
,Recommended,286690,22402406,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Praetorius,10/10 Would blast cheeki breeki while walking through irradiated Moscow again.
,Recommended,286690,22448040,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,bonny anne,"Having loved the vanilla version for years I'm not super into some of the changes they made (I prefer Khan's original look, why'd they remove the librarians big beautiful green eyes, etc) but that aside, it's still the game I remember and love, just bedazzled a bit."
,Recommended,286690,19749133,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,armablign @ rAge,Glad to see an update to stabilize the game for  Nvidea Titan X's (I  have one) now i can see more beauty
,Recommended,286690,22978668,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Yobleck,Just finished playing.Pros:its challenginggood weapons and upgradesamazing storygreat graphicsCons:mouse acceleration?win7 compatability issuesno borderless fullscreen
76561198125907595,Recommended,286690,22979408,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Marshall,still love this game you must play it if you think you are real gamer ;)
76561198074514239,Recommended,286690,20589963,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AntHero,"This game is amazingly atmospheric, has just the right amount of horror for me (i don't like horror games). The story is great, being based on a Russian book. The gameplay doesn't fall behind either"
,Recommended,286690,20603951,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,eilrac8779,Very good remake. Well done.
76561198071631724,Recommended,286690,20664221,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,logan71f100,"amzing story, true advanture!"
76561198079488213,Recommended,286690,20677629,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DrSteveBrule,"Incedible game. The story, atmosphere, characters, voice work, etc. are very well crafted. I especially liked the ""librarians"", and the way you had to get past them. There are a few little bugs, but nothing to cry about. All around top notch FPS with all the details, even a button for wiping the blood off your face."
,Recommended,286690,20650411,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,arthurstaal,"One of my favorite games! Excellent graphics, story, sound and gameplay!"
76561198156336979,Recommended,286690,20680141,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,LeviathaN,ARTYOM!!!
76561197993080960,Recommended,286690,20708953,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Aeonhunter,"Bought this game bundled with last light for couple of euros and it has been worth every cent.This game amazed me with the distressing environments and tasks, I really just wanted to crawl out of those subways... But wait, it's even more horrific up there!6/5 would burn those scorpionspidys again."
76561198042327524,Recommended,286690,20720414,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Snøbjørn,Best game for who waiting for Half Life 3
,Recommended,286690,20756949,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,complaints@echoz.rocks,"Amazing game. Definitely one of the best I've ever played.Great atmosphere, very immersive and detailed.Definitely do not miss this one. If you have the original version and haven't played it yet, play this one instead, the graphics and overall polish of the game makes for a much more refined presentation of the same story."
,Recommended,286690,20697971,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dick Hanson,Im about 5 hours into the game and i have to say i was a bit skeptical of the game when i first seen it.However i got it on sale for like 5$ and just got around to playing it now and i gota say its a realy good game.I have found a lot of stuff in the game that could make the whole game fall apart but over all its a solid game for the most part :P
,Recommended,286690,20601112,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rudolph,not bad
,Recommended,286690,20610646,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,"Colonel ""SCI"" Breeky","Yes and no. ive played a bit of it and watched peopleplay it but for some reason it runs at 5 fps, and yet i can run skyrim or pretty much every other game on full resolution at 60 fps. If you plan on buying this game, have a beefy computer because i bought it and cant even run it. I would also appreciate some feedback on why its doing this because i actually have a decent asus laptop. other than that i guess its a good game."
,Recommended,286690,20717206,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Buck3t,"I really dig this game, I think I'm about halfway throught it, and from what I've seen so far is great! The shooting is kinda meh, but the story and atmosphere is awesome! I bought this game when it was on sale, and I'd say it's not worth $20, more like $10? Anyway, great game, worth playing for the story and atmosphere!"
76561198038868694,Recommended,286690,25213374,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Oobarsten,"Red's, Nazi's, Russians, apocalyptic Moscow, and gas masks.  A really fun shooter with a good plot.  I ran through this title and it's sequel within days.  I'll be revisiting them on their harder difficulty in the near future."
,Recommended,286690,25197405,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,PandaPoom,11/10 IGNJust burned down my own house XDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,286690,32740556,Posted: 24 June,all,KeRoy,"Metro 2033 is really amazing  post-apocalyptic atmospheric action fps, i finished the game non-steam and it took like 12 hours to complete.I really loved the story, atmosphere, graphics, soundtrack, locations and almost everything about it.I rate Metro 2033 Redux 8.9/10!"
,Recommended,286690,32763950,Posted: 25 June,all,lovemytux,"Okay, this game for sitting in my library for some months. Big mistake. This game is awesome. Great story, great characters, the atmosphere is so... EPIC! Great job people. Kudos to studios like this one, that create so awesome games (like this one) and for all the available platforms. Great Linux port btw. A must buy for anyone that likes to play a good story, in a post-apocalyptic environment and dark atmosphere."
76561198274000822,Recommended,286690,32788714,Posted: 25 June,all,Hdog,"A good mix of radiated monsters, paranormal beings, and humans. The story was alright and the gameplay was fun. The game is a  good game that you can get on sale cheap."
,Recommended,286690,32732132,Posted: 24 June,all,captgalen,Great game!
,Recommended,286690,32752944,Posted: 24 June,all,culo de pollo,Great game.Would play again.
76561198152373406,Recommended,286690,32806519,Posted: 26 June,all,[SoLo]GEELSLANG-12,Very good series intense very good storyline
,Recommended,286690,32770609,Posted: 25 June,all,Banana Bot,"Lookup the wiki page for Metro 2033, the story behind this game is strong!"
76561198121275242,Recommended,286690,32830549,Posted: 26 June,all,Grand Bal,I love communism
76561198062085980,Recommended,286690,32934452,Posted: 28 June,all,Uff0,Great game!Although writing is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times.
,Recommended,286690,32936376,Posted: 28 June,all,KlasigErig,very good indeed
,Recommended,286690,32938381,Posted: 28 June,all,CrazyHazy,good.
76561198037538998,Recommended,286690,32927133,Posted: 28 June,all,MisterCake.,Its a dark place. :P
,Recommended,286690,32943042,Posted: 28 June,all,BubbleSwan,"I read the novel when I play this game, which boost ur feelings with the characters. Love the stories, stunning graphics, spooky experiences. I also fond of the survival theme. Love the watch in the game as well as the electric carrier. I don't see cons, which's no co-op is a shame. They go for that design to play this scary game with friends, to fight monsters together. That would be great, right?"
,Recommended,286690,32941084,Posted: 28 June,all,4-Real,Good game! very nice story
,Recommended,286690,32946501,Posted: 28 June,all,ANIZOTROP_ICH,great game
,Recommended,286690,32964083,Posted: 28 June,all,HazHeat,This game is actually good. I didn't look at any previews or reviews. I just dove right in and I'm enjoying it a lot. I'm happy I picked it up.
76561198121775141,Recommended,286690,32821322,Posted: 26 June,all,Freejek38,(Play Style: Survival; Difficult: Ranger)Awesome game! Fantastic gameplay and graphic.(The game is not optimized for AMD GPUs)9/10
76561198197789085,Recommended,286690,32966924,Posted: 28 June,all,IDoNotExist,"I at first did not want to play this game. I had played the non-redux version on the Xbox I think, and got as far as the Nosalises (or whatever the spelling is sorry typing this up quick before leaving) jumping on your railcar, and I felt that the game was going to look as clunky as that part, so I quit. But after all these years, I see it for sale, so I say, ""what the heck, might as well."" I LOVED THIS GAME. I became deeply invested in it, and only took breaks when I couldn't figure out a stealth section or where to go.Pros:Environment: Creepy, desolated, and crude are all terms that could apply to the envirnment. You don't get the massively detailed vistas atop high mountain tops of other games, but you do get the gritty feel taht you are exploring the underground of the apocalypse.Characters: Oh boy you go through these like donuts in a fat-person convention. You'll often receive travelling budies or escorts, but don't expect them to hold your hand the entire game. A large portion will be spent alone, daring the underground with nothing but your map, flashlight, gas mask, and your arsenal of crudely-made high-powered weapons.Story: Raelly good story.Unorthodix solutions: You will get to navigate a library where you have to stare down giant ape-like monsters that will murder you if you turn your back to them. You will be in a vision where you basically have to platform run your way from floating rock path to floating rock path. It certainly keeps the combat from getting stale.Cons:Combat: Meh. Takes an unordianry amount of bullets to kill humans and the monsters can be much harder. Standard shooter mechanics. A few secondariy throwables I never used.Stealth: The stealth is okay, but ends up being either ""You must quickly silent-kill or knock out enemies when their buddies turn their backs and then take them out and follow the semi-obvious path"" or ""Whoops they saw me enter GUNS BLAZING MODE!"""
76561197985978414,Recommended,286690,32975059,Posted: 28 June,all,SHAGGY,Game was AWESOME!
,Recommended,286690,32954794,Posted: 28 June,all,fuckdietpepsi,"best play-without-hud-and-on-the-highest-difficulty-to-sh*t-your-pants-them-up in my steam library, real wholesome content. one love jones and I'm out this b*tch"
,Recommended,286690,21212061,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,kompjutermajstor,Run great on linux
76561198066971770,Recommended,286690,22262795,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BEAN BOY,♥♥♥♥♥♥by a giant amoeba.
,Recommended,286690,22202132,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,qwertywads,The Redux is one of the most immersive games ever. The surround sound and atmospheric vibe makes it one of the best games of the generation! 13/10 would shoot bullet sponge enemies agian
,Recommended,286690,30746288,Posted: 26 March,all,Dothraki,Very lucky to have bought this game under 6 bucks. Plotwise 10/10
76561198069873469,Recommended,286690,22232006,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dead Battosai,Awesome game. Super immersive. Tense gameplay with a great survival feel. The world is very well put together and feels complete.
76561197979654352,Recommended,286690,18235031,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Backwardsuit,"Metro 2033 ReduxOverview:Metro 2033 is a atmospheric singleplayer FPS/Horror game developed by 4A Games and published by THQ. Metro 2033 was first released in 2010. The game is based on a russian post-apocalyptic novel going with the same name, the novel was written by Dmitry Glukhovsky. Metro 2033 takes you to the ruins of post-apocalyptic Moscow where the last remaining people hide in the darkness of the massive Moscow metro tunnels. Life is grim to say the least. People hide from the radiation, mutants and the ongoing war between the communist faction called ''The Reds'' and the far right faction ''The Reich'' and as days go by people slowly forget all that reminds them from the past world. The world of Metro is beautyful in its sad and hopeless way.Gameplay:The gameplay of Metro 2033 is pretty much the usual FPS but with a few refreshing tweaks like the absence of light in many levels, scarce ammo, smart enemies and the wonderful sound effects and of course in the ranger mode where there is no hints or HUD, witch is in my oppinion the only way to fully expirience the game but is for the more expirienced FPS player. Metro 2033 can be very challenging! The game really puts you in to an immersive world of gritty realism and bloody survival where every day could be your last, it succseeds in making you feel afraid and claustrophobic at times. The survival elements are mainly that you have to scavenge for ammo and spend some time exploring the levels for ammo, guns, gas masks and filters stuff like that. Bullets also work as money in Metro witch you can use to trade to your needs. The one thing i found very satisfying in Metro was the stealth system, it is very realistic not too hard to get and combined with the relatively large collection of gear and modification possibilities and the outright goregeous map desing it was one of the best i've seen in a level based FPS game.Story:You are Artyom, a citizen in one of the stations in the Metro system. Artyom was born before the bombs fell in 2013. Your station is under attack by a strange enemy called ''The Dark Ones''. Many things are spoken about these strange creatures, that they can make you mad, get inside your head. The Metro is dangerous as it is and now these ''Dark Ones'' are attacking your station. The situation looks indeed very grim. So you are sent to get help by a Polis Ranger by the name of Hunter. Ranges are an elite militant group. There on your journey begins and you have to fight through the dangers of the outside world and the darkness of the metro. The story is a big thing in Metro and the it doesn't lack the adrenaline pumping action and thrilling horror one bit. The atmosphere of the different leves are top notch to the gameplay of the levels. The game looks and sounds great and tells a good story. At the end of the day i enjoyed the action, stealth, horror and beautiful maps more, much more than the story. To be frank the story in my oppinion was average at best.Graphics:Metro 2033 is by graphics and desing one of the most beautiful games i've seen. I was taken away by the amount of detail they could pack in one level, the sounds and the visuals create an audiovisual journey through the dangerous and horrifying post-apocalyptic Moscow.Verdict:Metro 2033 is a great singleplayer expirience to anyone who loves a good challenge in Horror FPS. The cool gameplay keeps you playing through the argueably average stroy. By visuals the game is top notch and the amount work put in to this world is astounding.7/10"
,Recommended,286690,30747270,Posted: 26 March,all,Birb.exe,"When you are just an ordinary Artyom. but after drinking last cup of vodka something changed inside of you and you turned to a mutant hunter like ""IDI NA HUI!"". 10/10 recommending if you like Life of Boris."
,Recommended,286690,30748651,Posted: 26 March,all,william,One of my favorite games of all time!
,Recommended,286690,22064374,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LukeCukem,"Metro 2033 excels in every aspect that it tries to. The combat in this game always feels very real and very frantic, while the stealth is well thought out and works flawlessly. While the game can get very annoying at times such as gas masks cracking and running low on filters, the game makes up in fun replay value and a wonderful feelsy story."
,Recommended,286690,22122740,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DrK_Vanguard,"Didn't know that you can't turn on flashlight when you have nightvision on,And you hear librarian around you in dark = S.H.I.T"
,Recommended,286690,22146930,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
,Recommended,286690,20255898,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DC Studios,Gasmask Wiping Simulator 2033
76561198368232055,Recommended,286690,30739985,Posted: 25 March,all,Hunger,"I played the eariest mode and plenty ammo mode,but I still got killed for many times. If you want to finish this game, I am really sure you have to spend a lot of time in it. It is a good game without any doubt. And my computer isn't a good one, but still can run it"
,Recommended,286690,22090461,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Iron Marshal,Great game. better than fallout cuz russians.
,Recommended,286690,26012758,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Jihadi Ginger,I think they really hit the nail on the headhere with revamping the graphics of theold metro game which like a lot of other gamesat that time felt kind of dreary and slughishwith its grey and brown colour pallet. So yeahover all a very enjoyable and fun game to play.
76561198023831008,Recommended,286690,26135930,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pyrgi,"At first I thought it was just an other FPS, but then I started the game and I fell in this immersive universe and story that directly got me stuck to the game. The game is awesome and the guns too !"
,Recommended,286690,26128438,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Moose,"For what it is the redux improves the original version, performance is better and it looks better. Adds some new things here and there. I wouldn't buy this full price because it's basically the same game but patched up, get it onsale if you enjoyed the original.Also I don't mind to dish up some money to kill commies again hehe filthy reds."
,Recommended,286690,30889302,Posted: 1 April,all,Chevvy,นานๆจะเจอเกมเนื้อเรื่องดี เข้มข้นแบบนี้ เหมือนดูหนังดีๆนี้เอง แต่เราเข้าไปอยู่ในเนื้อเรื่องด้วย ชอบๆ ให้ 9/10 เลย
76561198329512440,Recommended,286690,26242999,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,warzoneofmine,Metro 2033 is one of the best apocalyptic games you will ever play with a great story and setting in the russian mertro if youre looking for a great game that you can play over and over again this is your game.
76561198315718975,Recommended,286690,26242194,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,glorious capitalism,Pros:- Immersive atmosphere- Good story- Good gun play- Encourages you to go off the beaten path (maybe not always)Cons: Enemy AIs can be a little bit dumb at timesOverall: Great game
,Recommended,286690,26220991,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Perpripiu,"Aswame game, great story!"
76561198033007071,Recommended,286690,26229830,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ProtatoJoe,choices do matter you'll understand on last light
,Recommended,286690,26232221,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,madebychic,Good!
76561198006913466,Recommended,286690,26232288,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,BettySwallocks,"Brilliant game only about 5 hours into it but once you get to the surface it gets really good, and the story is excellent loving it cant wait to complete and get to the sequel !"
76561197971724165,Recommended,286690,26529169,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NightProKing,Great ♥♥♥♥ing Game!! Best single player game i've play'd along with Last Light must buy!
,Recommended,286690,30907350,Posted: 2 April,all,zero7229,the metro series is one of the best FPS games I've played. great story. great characters. great guns.great everything.
76561198277750776,Recommended,286690,26500332,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,LittleBIGboy,"I am positively surprised, this game is so good. I recommend it to everyone who likes a bit of blood, death and monsters mixed with human enemies. And full story. Very good 100%."
76561198074755073,Recommended,286690,26497424,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ipohvy,Nothing scarier than being on your last mag surrounded by mosters
,Recommended,286690,21154312,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AnteSa,"It's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as Metro Last Light, or the other way around.I think it's based off of the book, which I haven't read.The game looks great, the game IS great. It is a story driven FPS that's very atmospheric."
76561198035105484,Recommended,286690,26566822,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gravitygunman,A good story to play through...
,Recommended,286690,26506247,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Plumbus,You have to kill Communist Comrades 0/1991
76561197966058501,Recommended,286690,26504528,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ekoenig,"Metro 2033 and Last Light are for me under the top 5 of the best FPS Games of all Time.Story, Graphics, Sound and Atmosphere are really really good, and that's rare these days..."
76561197970379098,Recommended,286690,33020864,Posted: 29 June,all,AfRoPuFf,"Really enjoyed this game. The original Metro 2033 would never run right for me -- a bunch of micro-stutter. They fixed that in the Redux version. I did have the game crash on me a few times for unknown reasons, but I looked past that. The guns are really interesting and it has good environments.I really liked this more than I thought I would. I'd recommend it at the $5 summer sale for sure! get it!"
,Recommended,286690,33019102,Posted: 29 June,all,Big Shaq,"Don't know what's going on with the game half the time, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,286690,33023019,Posted: 29 June,all,PoopsyDoodles,Great game on of the best that I have played.
,Recommended,286690,33004313,Posted: 29 June,all,CircaCoda,"The stealth, exploration, atmosphere, story and combat for this game are all incredible. If you're loooking for an FPS dripping with personality and depth, this is it."
,Recommended,286690,32448646,Posted: 15 June,all,Belix,"Some things improved from the first game, some things not so improved."
,Recommended,286690,32449120,Posted: 15 June,all,krzo69,Definitely in the top 5 most atmospheric games. Right there with its sequel.
,Recommended,286690,32451096,Posted: 15 June,all,McNasty,"I didn't like this game the first time I tried to play through it. Came back to it and almost played through it all in one sitting. It isn't very long. Good storytelling and unique story on top of that. It has a really creepy vibe through most of the game. The moral point system is great, you can skip entire sections without having to fight anyone. Good game if you want a small creepy story to follow along with."
76561198036150824,Recommended,286690,32462887,Posted: 15 June,all,psnively,"The survival horror genre is pretty crowded. But the Metro franchise stands alone. This thing drips with atmosphere, and while some of the acting is questionable, the presentation of the ""humans are just as big monsters as the monsters"" trope doesn't feel like an obligatory add-on for once. Weapons and ammo are scarce and of varying quality. Sometimes you'll really need to avoid combat and sneak around; sometimes you'll have to take out multiple targetsmuchbetter equipped than you.Sometimes you'll have to go to the surface.This is also an intensely story-driven game, with a healthy dose of nostalgia, a real sense of beauty taken for granted and lost, and with serious questions about honor, interpretation of events, misplaced loyalty, you name it.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,286690,32480195,Posted: 16 June,all,King Baldwin IV,"If you're sick and tired of the cliche shooters we get recycled every year with nothing innovative, new or challenging, this game is for you.Metro 2033 Redux offers a singleplayer story experience, that doesn't let gameplay gets in it's way.Playing on any non-ranger difficulty will destroy the whole ''Metro'' experience and will be less fun and challenging than playing on a Ranger difficulty.It's one of the first games (to my knowledge) that does difficulty well, the ranger difficulty not only makes the enemies deal significant more damage, but you do aswell!Giving you a more realistic feeling to how much damage you can take. To me it gave me the feeling like i was playing on insurgency, arma difficulty even though you can take more hits than in those games.And the HUD is not cluttered with UI (infact there's almost no UI).When you progress through the game you will encounter new enemies, weapons and environments that are really wel designed.You're not just given two weapons that you'll have to old and only being able to pick up enemy weapons. But at so often You can customize your weapons at a shop or trade them in or sell them. Since ammo can be scarce you are often forced to pick up a new weapon, just because you weren't too carefull enough about your ammo count.Factory ammunition is used as currency but can also be used as actual ammo, incase you don't have any ammo left.You will go from peacefull environments, directly into hostile environments encountering beast and man alike. Fighting humans has a more stealthy aproach, while fighting beasts or mutants can/will result into waves of enemies coming to you.Tips:To get the full ''Metro'' experience as stated before I highly recommend any ranger difficulty. But also to play with the russian language and subs enabled, you may have to get used to it. But I find it no problem in reading subs and playing the game at once.Also if you're encountering performance problems, try lowering SSAO.a solid 9/10 Best russian game, keep it cheeki breeki"
,Recommended,286690,32453738,Posted: 15 June,all,Which Doctor,"Great book. Great game.For real though, read the book, it's really good."
,Recommended,286690,32461908,Posted: 15 June,all,Litz,"I got Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light on a sale. It was $8 for both games. The story is one of the best, but the gameplay itself is so much better. In my opinion, fighting people is way more fun then fight the beasts. I only have 5 hours in this game rn and its great. If this game is on sale or if you are just looking for something to play. Be sure to get this. 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,32461979,Posted: 15 June,all,cyfra,"Fantastic atmosphere, only minorly let down by some clunky AI and the hard coded 1/2 vertical sensitivity."
,Recommended,286690,32466654,Posted: 16 June,all,Pinhead Larry,"I learned how to squat and wear Adidas track clothes and say things like &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."""
76561198090571500,Recommended,286690,32471253,Posted: 16 June,all,Juhop1,"This game is good but with few bugs. Metro 2033 redux has: action, horror, shooting and great storyline. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,286690,32595487,Posted: 20 June,all,D҉E҉U҉S҉ ҉ V҉U҉L҉T҉,"Redux version is much better than the original one, but it is still not perfect (some graphical gliches, monster movement is bugged sometimes). I can expect a full rework of this game in the next 10 years or so. Even so, i strongly recommend this version over ant other (so far).Game itself has some plot, but i guess the book is better.It is somewhat a typical FPS but with some really clever jokes and references. It is also moderately realistic - much more than other popular FPS titles that I will not name.Also a lot of differenc ways to approach the game - Stealth, Assasination , Full Combat.I am going to go straight to the sequel of this game cause i enyojed it very much.There is not much to tell you other than just go try it yourself. The game speals for itself.My Scores:Video: 7/10 (bcs of the glitches with walls and monsters. Overall ok)Audio: 9/10 Great soundtrack, nice atmosphere , but really bad English voice acting on some characters - Russian just sounds much better. (even tho i don`t know russian - Play it with russian voices and engish subs)Storyline: 6/10 - not amused. Much more could have been done. SPOILER HERE (Like Khans backstory, Millers Backstory, the story of the Dark Ones, some explanations???)Gameplay:9/10 Pure Fps enjoyment.Maps:Love the multiple choises in the maps, brings a lot of playstiles to play.Overall 8/10Still recommend it even for noobs, or even veterans.Will post the review of the Last Light too, and will talk about differences."
,Recommended,286690,32577551,Posted: 19 June,all,rjas,best fps game i experienced.. both metro 2033 and last night
,Recommended,286690,32592685,Posted: 20 June,all,Cas,everyone yells at you and swears in russian10/10
76561198106871470,Recommended,286690,32593208,Posted: 20 June,all,fairyman,"This is a genuinely good game!!!!!! It has the perfect mix of story, action and even stealth. It is really atmospheric too!"
,Recommended,286690,32575014,Posted: 19 June,all,ScoutMart,"This game is just good. you can't say anything bad about it. although the game is from 2014, and remastered. I just think that the graphics are unique and special. its god damn good.there is one thing:you shound only buy the game if its on sale.19.99€ is not what i would give for it. because you only get 10 hours of gameplay, and i woundn't say that 20€ is alot og money. But if you want to play a Story mode game, with the RPG system and the Surviaval perspektiv.so my conclusion is:Don't  buy the game till it gets on sale.But if you aint the type how's all about the money. Buy it. it's one of my favorite games, although it was only 10 hours gameplay from me.PS:I bought it on sale. for ony 5€. it's worth it."
,Recommended,286690,32608481,Posted: 20 June,all,Carlisle Conway,"Take notes, AAA developers; this is how an FPS should be done.Although I personally enjoyed Last Light a bit more thanks to it's amazing stealth mechanics, it would be a crime to forget the original. And by original I don't mean the...well, you know what I mean.The plot was interesting and always hair-raising. I played this on survivor and thoroughly enjoyed the surprises that took place. Even on the last mission when I ran out of filters. Post-apacolyptic games are so prevelant, yet this game does it very well.This game has swearing. A lot of it. But somehow, even as a Christian, I enjoyed it. It seemed like it helped grasp the situation more. Setting aside the bullet-sponge mechanics, this game is very realistic. At least plot wise. If humanity was driven to such a point, I believe they would act just like this.No ""last hope"". No unity. Just chaos. Humanity sucks."
,Recommended,286690,30932654,Posted: 3 April,all,lubljanka,"GOOD: Amazing storyline, deep and complex characters, gorgeous graphics, different gameplay styles and difficulties...BAD: They crushed my heart when they changed Artyom's original voice (previous to Redux), all those good memories vanished."
76561198145692271,Recommended,286690,27114156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hermann Fegelein,Amazing story and great shooter. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,27134549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revenge,⁢
76561198147056921,Recommended,286690,27144590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bourgeoisie,10/10 instant classic
,Recommended,286690,27094814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IIIIIIIIIIIIIII,tears flood out of my eyes when reach the second endingbetter experience after finish the book
,Recommended,286690,33214021,Posted: 3 July,all,Stogie Logie,"So i bought this game  as part of the summer sale, and i have just completed it.   I have to say this game is really damn good. The atmosphere is intense; you really feel like you are in post apocalyptic moscow.  I had a lot of fun with the survival mode balancing conserving my ammo or using my currency to stay alive. The story was good as well. This game does one of my favorite things where it has a quote at the beginning of the game and you hear it and it applies at the end. In the words of hunter ""If its hostile, kill it"" 10/10"
76561198196669781,Recommended,286690,33105641,Posted: 1 July,all,Em-Ryder,This game is honestly one of the most realistic ones I have ever played. The story is great and the graphics are well done. Definitely worth the money to play. Can't wait till Exodus comes out!
76561198073194236,Recommended,286690,32621685,Posted: 21 June,all,elduderino,Had to kill communists before I could kill Nazis. :(2/10 Would not shoot my comrades again.
,Recommended,286690,33161545,Posted: 2 July,all,Yagimutsu,"One of the best stories for me. If you like post-apocalyptic, this game is just for you. the thing is that do not play this game like a normal Action FPS. Try to understand the whole story, the world of the game. When finishing the game ( I mean last few minutes of the game ) I realised that there is an alternative ending. I didnt played the game again to see what it is but looked up from youtube. People say there is ""Good"" and ""Bad"" endings but I dont know which is good which is bad, some say there is no good or bad ending. I didnt read the book but I will. People recommend the book in order to understand the whole story more detailed. To sum it all up. Play this game slowly and enjoy the story. People should definitely play this game."
76561198289492159,Recommended,286690,33161391,Posted: 2 July,all,A dead Jew Jew,This game ow this game its fun to play it looks nice
,Recommended,286690,33259250,Posted: 4 July,all,WacoTacoJames,The Metro series is fantastic.  Absolutely great games.
,Recommended,286690,33256018,Posted: 4 July,all,AWEdio,"Decent game, took me a while to get my head around the controls. Can be exceptionally difficult to see or find where you are supposed to be going and some sections I ended up getting really frustrated and died a lot before it made sense!"
,Recommended,286690,33233372,Posted: 4 July,all,❂ Mage Toad,"Metro, is an amazing, immersive, challenging yet fun to play. Altough it is not the longest game it will make you want to replay it every time you beat it."
,Recommended,286690,33246939,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
,Recommended,286690,31162113,Posted: 15 April,all,LoneWolf,98 percent of spoken dialogue contains the name Артём (Artyom).
76561198035387140,Recommended,286690,33259556,Posted: 4 July,all,Skeets (skeet skeet),Great Game!
,Recommended,286690,32587747,Posted: 20 June,all,"""Seventh""","Main ending gamerun through:Absolutely amazing, everything makes sense and is perfect, easily 10/10Alternate Ending:Makes about much sense as hitler opening day care centres for jews"
76561198082964438,Recommended,286690,33255560,Posted: 4 July,all,-[A]kariaz-,good enough
,Recommended,286690,33335269,Posted: 7 July,all,SeekerOD,Fantastic gets me hard just thinking about it.
,Recommended,286690,33316020,Posted: 6 July,all,NeoTheFox,"This is a great shooter with deep plot and multiple ways to complete each level. I really loved it, and I can't wait for the new game to come out."
76561198093261904,Recommended,286690,33326429,Posted: 6 July,all,gringo.exe,"dont be me, dont forget to buy filters when you know your having to go up to the surface in the next mission"
,Recommended,286690,33328890,Posted: 6 July,all,NakedParrot,Russian Simulator 10/10
76561198326765149,Recommended,286690,33321688,Posted: 6 July,all,Shadow_Flash,Great!
,Recommended,286690,33333410,Posted: 6 July,all,Notoriously  ＴＨＩＣＣ,"The word: ""Immersive"", tends to get thrown around alot in this game, but the thing is: it's an understatement. It is not just an immersive game, it is an experience, it is a real, breathing world, with every character having their own stories. You play as Artyom, a man who was born just before the nuclear fallout of Russia in 2013, it is now 2033, most of the surviving population now lives underground as to protect themselves from the harsh, radioactive surface, but now, a new threat approaches. The journey you take to stop this threat is not just some guns-blazing joyride (if you decide to play as a Spartan), but a dramatic, and intimate experience. This will be one of the greatest story-driven games you will ever play.The Redux edition of Metro: 2033 uses 4A's next-gen engine, the same engine used in Metro: Last Light, the visuals are amazing and the gameplay has improved by a large margin, to decide NOT to buy the Redux version of the Metro games is a stupid and terrible decision."
,Recommended,286690,33353929,Posted: 7 July,all,Frozn Microwave,"Metro 2033: Redux ːMstarːThis game does so many (infact, too many) things right. From atmosphere, to level design, to mechanics, and everything in-between, this is a very solid game. I mean, for crying-out-loud, most of the game you are in an underground metro system, and all of the levels manage to look different and distinguishable. That alone is quite impressive. I owned this game somewhere around it's origianl release for Xbox 360, and never got around to playing it. Now that I've completed it many years later, I won't make this mistake again by pushing off playing the sequal. Highly recommend playing this game.Rating: 10/10\Game Completed: 4/3/17/22 Hours Played[Review written after 100% achievement completion, with both ""achievement-hunting"" and ""fun"" in mind.]"
,Recommended,286690,30869011,Posted: 31 March,all,Raiderboy105,"Really atmospheric, especially with the lights off. Not so sure about replayability, but a great one-off thriller/scary experience. And not a bad price for all the content you get."
,Recommended,286690,21682127,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chrispy,"Highly recomend this superb game, offers the best imersive story out there and has fun and challenging levels. Runs well and is a single player fps, something that you dont find to often."
76561198257535717,Recommended,286690,20634045,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Luhluhlucas,"Metro 2033 redux has so many great things about it, but let me start out with the dislikes I had when I had just begun to play it. I felt that the creatures you battled in the game were alien-like and completely out of place, but after I played a little more, I realized that it actually fit quite well. You spend nearly the same amount of time fighting humans as you do irradiated beasts. The stealth element in this game is amazing, you can completely avoid combat or you can kill everyone in a level without a single person noticing. Really fun to play and I'm probably gonna play it again."
,Recommended,286690,21677534,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Blinky™,Best shooter I've ever played.
76561198089114866,Recommended,286690,21649526,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,steggy23,"This game was awesome. This is one of the better games I have ever played. The game takes place in post-nuclear Moscow, which is overrun by mutant beasts. Because of this, the surivors are forced to retreat to the metro tunnerls. They gather in the stations, and some eventually begin to war with one another. On top of that, strange beings called ""Dark Ones"" are manipulating the minds of the tunnel dwellers. The main character, Artyom, is dropped right into this mess, and must learn to fight tooth and nail.Pros:-Great atmosphere-Immersive game mechanics (ie. your watch lighting up to show if you're detected)-Good character design-Nice graphics-Great story with multiple satisfying endingsCons:-Shabby translation-Holds your hand sometimes9/10"
,Recommended,286690,21144150,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Etto,+Good Game+Interesting Story+Good Graphics-Little Bugs here and there9.9/10
,Recommended,286690,21146734,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,I Am Really Bored,Great way to learn all Russian swear words!Great gameplay too.Great monster shooter
76561198151192988,Not Recommended,286690,21192674,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Criptor,"Looks great but by god the AI is Watch_Dogs level. Can't get caught in stealth unless you walk directly into their flashlight, friendlies all focus on one enemy at a time (and still miss 70% of their shots). If you're a sucker for graphics get it but if its the immersion you want its sometimes there but not enough to recommend the game"
,Recommended,286690,21170716,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,🏴💊⚰️🏳,good game just hard
,Not Recommended,286690,21163343,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Marshall Mink,"at parts this game can be really fun. it had a good storyline so far but i cant get to the end because of how bad the game is.  The controlls are allover the place. the voice acting (at least for the children) are horrendous. I cringe everytime a child walks up to me and speaks. It sounds like they higred a midget to plug his nose and told him he only getting minimum wage for voice acting. The stealth parts or just the stelth in general sucks. on one guy i can 10 feet away and get the kill but the other i, literally, have to rub my face into his crotch just to get indacation for the stelth kill. and, the last thing should not have botherd me as much as it did but i cant help it when its the one consistent sould you'll always hear and it's the foot steps. it sounts like you're constantly wearing ice scates digging them through snow no matter what surface you are on. I can se how people would find it fun but i cant it's too badly put together of a game."
76561198180083463,Recommended,286690,21322741,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ash,"Good game overall.Pros-Graphics.-Storyline.-Atmosphere.-Modify your weapons.-Immersive.Cons+When on missions with npcs, monsters would run straight past them and go for me.+Npcs can't aim.+Russian kids sound odd.7/10"
,Recommended,286690,21338859,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tissUe,Very good story and Graphic
,Recommended,286690,21332245,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,KanyeMiddlEast,"An actual fps with great visauls, stealth gameplay, combat, and STORY (with moral choices).Its also Fallout it Russia.... so... yeah.."
76561198121813950,Recommended,286690,21259177,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Noob's R Us™,"LOVE IT! One of the best story driven FPS games I have ever played, the graphics are brilliant, such nice game mechanics and a brilliantly planned out story line, although one gripe with this game is the fact that the levels/areas are so large that it can sometimes be difficult to find the objective. Other than that its a brilliant game which I recommend to anyone looking for a Fallout styled game, but with much better story line and for about a 1/4 of the price."
76561197970999354,Recommended,286690,26099753,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,pburges,"I got the original Metro 2033 when it was offered free on Facebook, knowing nothing about it. Now the Metro games are two of my all-time favourites. Brilliant story, amazingly atmospheric, unusual but well balanced weapons and some genuinely creepy moments in these games. Later I read that the team who put these games together did so under extremely difficult circumstances, freezing through a Russian winter with no heating, which makes them an even more remarkable achievement. Absolute classics, and like a good book that you keep returning to, I have enjoyed replaying them again and again."
,Recommended,286690,26101955,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dvingi,"When your air is running out - put your gas mask on for 1 second, take it off until you start dying, put it back on for 1 secound.Gonna use this strat irl!Otherwise, this game is really good, especially the Redux version with its beefed up graphics.And please, don't watch any YouTube videos with its gameplay, you need to play it for yourself to really feel what this game is about. I would even recommend changing the voice language to Russian to get the full slav experience.8.5/10 would watch my teammates be attacked and not shoot to conserve ammo again"
76561198027308552,Recommended,286690,26102206,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MrChiron,Nice shooter game with a good story. The hardest difficulty is nice and will make you manage a lot more your inventory. And Oxygen too.I recommand you to wait lower price or take the bundle.
76561198059207801,Recommended,286690,26096440,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Night Hawk,"Metro 2033 is a shooter with a well-written story. I was able to beat the game in a little over 8 hours and that was with a decent amount of searching around and enjoying the environment. The game developers but a lot of detail in the environment so I recommend to take a look around and explore the surroundings as it will help immerse you in the role of the main character. There are two game-play modes you can choose from depending on what type of gamer you are. Survival-horror style requires you to search you environment constantly for ammo and guns. The other mode is a more fast-paced action mode which is great if you like the Call of Duty style shooters. The game can be a bit slow-paced at certain parts, but it is balanced out by face-paced sections as well."
76561198217017449,Recommended,286690,26096620,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Naygas,"So far a really fun game. I thought it would be similar to Fallout, but I was wrong. This game is a ton of fun. When I finish, Im going to definately play Last Light"
76561198210071037,Recommended,286690,26063485,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,intence66,well i am about 6 hours in at the momment so i suppose i can comment  on the gameso where to start i would reccomend this game 10/10 to anyone....................you encounter human and mutant enimes who can be killed with a variety of weapons that you can change and upgradewhen playing the game you can use stealth to evade or silently kill enemies and ammunition and other necssary items must be eaither scavenged from the bodies of the dead enemies or purchased from the market . some areas of the metro tunnels and the surface are covered in radiation and you have to wear a mask while in theses areas if the gas mask is worn while in combat the mask may become dadly damaged and you must quickly find a replacement  before you die .....................the detail and graphics are changable / but even on low graphic detail settings everything looks really well done....................you can use the xbox360 controller with this game and it will work / and you can also use the mouse and key board................... 10/10...................              ..................................................            .....................................................................................................................             ..................................................           ....................................
,Recommended,286690,26056488,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Effio',Jedna z lepszych gier postapo. Niesamowity remake gry! 10/10 :)
76561198130876886,Recommended,286690,26052402,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,nostalgic BaCheLor,"In some extent, it is better than fallout!"
,Recommended,286690,26047453,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IR0N,I generally don't like first person shooters.I like this game.
,Recommended,286690,30887880,Posted: 1 April,all,georgie,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,286690,25922663,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rehn,"Oh yes. The perfect amount of survival, horror and story. And not too many cheap scares.This is Fallout 4, but good."
,Recommended,286690,30897413,Posted: 2 April,all,armydude,"It's a good game, ranger hardcore.It crashed my graphics card like 10 times throughout the playthrough but It's not that big of a deal."
76561198039682509,Recommended,286690,26310632,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ozkan,Çok güzel oyun.Oldukca derin bir hikayeye sahip. Oynaması çok keyifli ama kısa sürede bitiyor. 7.8 Saat
,Not Recommended,286690,18535093,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,sprycon,"I prefer the original more.Pros:- weapon customization vendors- higher poly charactersCons:- throwing weapons cannot be equipped anymore, only thrown via hotkey. this means no more stabbing with a throwing knife, or holding poised and ready to throw.- I prefer the voice acting in the original more.Meh:- lighting/shader updates are a subjective pro/con. without looking at side by side screenshots, I wouldn't have noticed the difference."
76561198133584551,Recommended,286690,18550710,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bubblygum88,"Dark, but fun."
,Recommended,286690,18550162,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Baphomet,"I had enjoy this game. Gameplay: 8/10; Graphics: 8/10; Story: 7/10. This game have 7,(6)/10 ~ 7,7/10. Very nice game. I recommend this game to you!"
,Recommended,286690,18550230,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Clever Rat,Just get it!
,Recommended,286690,18530961,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FreshlyExpired *,A twist to the modern day first person shooter. Very suspensful and never gets dull.
76561198044248063,Recommended,286690,18531273,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,ayy this game is giving me the spooks just by being in my library m9
76561198099269770,Recommended,286690,18530597,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Baby Snow Corn,"Very fun game, with a good storyline"
76561198130934199,Recommended,286690,18548542,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zombie killer,amazing worth its money
76561198076410739,Recommended,286690,18547731,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NewName,"Welp It says i finished this game in 12 hours (dk if its true though but it was between two days) in ranger hardcore mode on survival and it was my first playthrough of the game, so most of the time i didnt know where to go or what to do. So i really recommend not going ranger hardcore mode for people who is on their 1st playthrough you get really confused on some situations without the UI it took me till almost end of the game to find out that tab n moving the mouse switch ur throwing knifes and grenades so i had been using throwing knife for like 70% of the game and some situation where you need to press e but i didnt becuz i thought it was a cutscene not a event n i died a lot becuz of that.The Game designs are great every level no matter how hard there is a chance to win even if u hav1. Zero ammo for your guns when you arrive at a level.the levels always hav ammo and different gun on the level so u cant say that it didnt give u any chances.2. Gasmask at almost zero i discovered a trick at a level where there were almost no gas filter and i kept losing at that level becuz i dont hav enough time to survive the radiation an event so wht i did was take off my mask n put it back on between a few seconds .Which was not really realistic but hey i do wht to survive.3. Stealth is hard but not impossible without silenced guns jus need good timing and knife throwing accuracy(i had no cursor on my difficulty so i failed a lot of times)4. there are like meds eveywhere.The amount of time i used them n the amount of time i used them is about the same so dont waste ur bullets on those meds.this game really needed me to focus on conserving ammoso all and all a good game"
,Recommended,286690,18538711,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Vase,very awesome game!
76561198110335295,Recommended,286690,18554800,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beerpong Daddy,"Great game except THERE IS NO METRO IN RIGA! I LIVE IN LATVIA, IVE BEEN THERE A THOUSAND TIMES :D:D:DGraphics are awesome, getting about 80fps (vsync off) on high with GTX 960."
76561197960479582,Recommended,286690,18511464,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,katori,♥♥♥♥in mint game!
76561198067740825,Recommended,286690,14964043,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,husky,"The best game EVER made period!Take all the best things about Metro 2033 and put them in redux with an upgraded graphics engine,This game is just intense! Nothing so far I have played can begin to touch Metro 2033 Redux! When Fallout 4 comes out next month I have some hope but we shall see. Get this game, Crank-up the settings,turn down the lights and grab some pretzeles and pop and get ready to have a great time!"
,Recommended,286690,18502644,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mutco,Its a shame that its lagging but the game is good.
,Recommended,286690,18501267,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ian. Dao,anybody who puts on a gas mask for a living is my hero.
,Recommended,286690,26772675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Denis,"Metro 2033 was great, Redux is just better :)"
76561198142733514,Recommended,286690,27001492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,le toucan,hey artyom
76561198049437514,Recommended,286690,27005895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShattrAngle,"I've played this game SO MANY TIMES...AND IT'S STILL JUST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST.I swear, every time I see theLibrariansthey still scare the hell out of me. Sure, the gameplay is a little clunky at times, but that just adds to the charm that I feel from the nitty gritty style of the game.Get it in the Redux package if it's on sale."
76561198114655476,Recommended,286690,26897636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TollZero,"A fantastic game, I love the Last of Us and this game is sorta similar in play style"
76561198147806392,Recommended,286690,26881096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BoxN,"Great story, great enviroment. Put simply, it's a just a great game. If you love games that you can just immerse yourself in, this is for you.I can't wait to see what 4A puts out next."
,Recommended,286690,26906905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PhoenixZouls,"This game has one of the best mix of gameplay, environment and story and has with that a resemblance with Half-Life and this made the game even better."
,Recommended,286690,26908301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Human Tank,Very good game with great atmosphere.
76561198006692494,Recommended,286690,26840229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schatzmeister,"So immersive, that I´ve memorized Moscow´s Metro plan"
76561197995913322,Recommended,286690,26876298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NowhereBOy,This game has held up well. Remember when benchmarks were run against this game and nobody could barely max it out when it first released bought it again just for the lols.Story is one of the best and it was highly optimised way back then. (Im looking at you dishonored 2)Great game well worth $5 go buy it.
76561198111424797,Recommended,286690,26757907,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MEME SUPREME,"This game just really good. The graphics are improved, and the story is just plain fun. It can always prove to be a challenge, and will stop at nothing to kill you. I would r8 8/8 m8 no h8 at all.Did I mention that its insanely difficult on high difficulty?"
76561198033025849,Recommended,286690,26995278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vikare,"Coupled with the graphics engine of Metro: Last Light, the remaster of 2033 is truly a sight (and sound) to behold. The strongest point the Metro games have going for them is atmosphere and the redux has expanded on it tenfold for Metro 2033. I would strongly suggest playing while in the dark, as the tunnels of Moscow are only amplified when you can give the focus they deserve.I read the novel before I ever played the game, so perhaps I'm coming from a bad angle, but I find that Deep Silver really nailed the psychological aspect of this game. It makes the player really reflect on their actions as they progress, as well as the nature of the metro that surrounds Artyom. There are parts that are incredibly unsettling as you're forced to traverse them, where your gun is as useful as your fingernails and all you can do is hope you make the right choice. That sort of decision-making most certainly adds to Metro 2033 and separates it from being a simple shooter. Character-wise, I'm a big fan of the silent protagonist, and in this setting it's the perfect match for the claustrophobia and overall 2spooky feel. Though Artyom does speak in the diary prologue to each chapter, for the rest of the game all you hear is his laboured breathing as you frantically rush about in search of a gas mask filter. The rest of the cast are really there to propel Artyom forward through the metro and influence or give pause to his choices. In my opinion, the only stand-out character is Khan.If I had to name anything else, it'd be that I find the simple morality point system to be a bit of a let-down. I'm much more a backer of hidden systems as opposed to obvious 'get this many good points and you get a good ending'. I still played the game how I felt like it, but I would rather not have my screen light up slightly whenever I do something supposedly good or bad. My other issue is simply from a novel standpoint: the game is pretty short (around 10-20 hrs?) depending on how you go about it. They skipped and mashed together a lot of things from the book, some of which were damn exhilarating like the Cult of the Great Worm or whatever it was called. Metro-2 was pretty simplified as well, which gets proven further in Metro: Last Light. I would've liked to have the Kremlin scene from the book too. :( But those cons are really just nit-picking.Game is great, play it if you like heavily atmospheric games to play in the middle of the night. I'd also highly recommend exploring every single centimetre, and to get the sequel."
,Recommended,286690,30915357,Posted: 2 April,all,someone,"Good game, great story, nice gameplay. Worth it!"
,Recommended,286690,30916082,Posted: 2 April,all,█r.w█○,nice game
,Recommended,286690,23143060,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,jimbalaya,Good combat and interesting story for about 10 hours worth of gameplay.  Little replay value unless you like hardcore mode.  Glitchy - got stuck a few times.  Give it a 3 of 5 stars.  Got it on sale w/ Last Light for $8.  No regrets.
76561198091949345,Recommended,286690,23156274,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,Nice shooter with a good story...It's no Resident Evil or Bioshock but it's worth its price.
76561198190413365,Recommended,286690,30780067,Posted: 27 March,all,xxaaron5515xx,"More of a horror esk game than the second one. Plays like a very solid first person shooter, but with and exceptional story. Voice acting is amazing. Enviornments are well made to fit the story. Graphics get the job done. Lastly some momements of this game have the potential to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Absolutely loved it. More so than the second game due to the creepy feel it had."
11111100001010101,Recommended,286690,22948133,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,skydrop.top,"This Review is for 2033 NOT Last Light. (Just stating since this also includes the bundle)I bought the bundle and I haven't played Last Light. But I played 2033. Oh yes I did. And let me tell you one thing. I've never encountered such a great first person shooter that has delivered such an amazing storyline. (I'm still playing through story mode) So far, the gun control, movement, is extremely fluid. Weapon handling is amazing. So are the environments, characters, and monsters you'll encounter. I found myself immersed in this game, eyes glued to the screen, just checking every single corner for ammo, because even in normal difficulty, will ammo be scarce. Same with medkits which makes this game a much more survivalistic game. Only problem I have with this game are the ♥♥♥♥ing jumpscares.Rating: 10/10""Worth the buy at full price?"" Probably not, I would wait for the bundle. As it's on sale pretty frequently so I would remain patient if I were you.I'll be in the tunnels if you need me."
,Recommended,286690,22949857,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,LazyDog,Awesome
76561198148270793,Recommended,286690,22923398,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,METANOEITAI EULOGITOS,nice game
76561197989452935,Recommended,286690,22923464,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,plastikman_NQ,"this game absolutely rocks , it literally makes you sh. your pants .especialy for those with high end systems , i would say the best story and graphics for dollar ever !"
76561198003822547,Recommended,286690,22923939,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,^3biohazard,Highly recommend this game very good indeed
76561198121799199,Recommended,286690,23017987,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aloha Snackbar,"I like the game but I really won't recommend ""BUYING"" it.Lazy to read? Here's the SUMMARY:PROS..1. Great story!2. customizable guns but not by muchCONS..1. Game content around 2-3 days binge-playing2. Good for around 1 replay (alternate ending) or just watch it in youtube and forget you have it in your library3. Game-breaking bugs which can set you back hours just because of the auto-save4. Broken stealth system (prepare to restart most of the time just because guards randomly spots you)Usually when I buy games on Steam...1. check if the positive reviews overwhelms the negative ones2. the game is on SALE3. playerbase onhttp://steamcharts.comnever go down 1,000 each day... following these things never made me regret the games I bought.Then I broke one of those rules: ignoring the playerbase...At first, I think the game is old which made the playerbase dwindle but I was wrong.. and here's whyIt has a game-breaking bug wherein the bandits gets frozen: won't die, wont move, won't shoot and if you try to kill it with melee you'll get frozen too. I tried to ignore the bandits and save the civilians and they disappeared nowwhere and won't let you progress ingame.Another thing I didn't like about the game, it won't give you an option to manually save the progress you had and lose hours of gameplay because of that bug.PLEASE NOTE THE GAME WAS RELEASED IN THE YEAR OF 2010 AND REDUX version STILL HAVE THAT BUG IN 2016!They took their sweet time cherry coating the graphics (which barely made noticeable difference) but never bothered to fix the bugs.I got the game during SALE, for around $4.. and I want my money back.This is one of the reason why pirates exist."
,Recommended,286690,23020514,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Amazing graphics. I know it's a remaster, but still the graphics are way more impressive than I expected. The story is surprisingly excellent for what it's trying to do. Shooting feels kind of floaty or something like there's no sort of visual or audio cue that you are hitting targets. The environments are great. Ssaa is a performance hit for me, but I was still above 60 fps with 2x SSAA on my r9 390Definitely recommend"
,Recommended,286690,26131610,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SafeSpaceDestroyer,"I bought and played this a long time ago on console, I absolutely loved it, I played it after finishing up FO3 and FO: NV, I was so addicted to the post apocalyptic experience that I bought Metro 2033, and Last Light as soon as I discovered them.The game is far from perfect, even in the redux edition there's some clipping, textures and meshes don't always collide properly, the voice acting is most certainly not a 10, but there's some magic in this game that makes it hard to stop playing. This and the Dead Island series turned me on to Deep Silver, they really have made some great games.I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone, I would say that you will almost certainly know if you like or dislike the game within two hours of playing so if you haven't gone through this series before you're missing out on a really cool experience and if you don't enjoy it, just grab a refund.If every hot dog were perfect, we wouldn't have Metro"
,Recommended,286690,30892742,Posted: 1 April,all,Daydream In Blue,"Finished on Xbox One, needed to buy it on PC to experience it again. My all time favourite single player game for a immersive, first person shooter with an incredibly eery atmosphere and amazing gameplay. Highly reccomend to everyone, no matter what your game preference."
76561198289457276,Recommended,286690,26154555,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ZEROanxiety,"I absolutly loved this game. Having never read the books or never heard a thing about the series, it was a great relief to find that it was a great game. I picked up both of the redux editions for about $8 and boy was it worth every cent. It has one of the most encompasing storys as well as atmospheres around. The stealth is very smooth and the gunplay feels great as well. Shame that this game has not recieved the praise that it deserves. I give it at least a 9/10."
,Recommended,286690,26163031,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Diva,"its frightening,terrifying,and fun at same timegreat story but sad,lost a lot of friend in actionstill like this game even it has some bugs9.9/10"
,Recommended,286690,26166733,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,LemonLoafer,A pretty solid game and a great example of a remaster done well. Very nicely optimised and a fun experience which has aged well.
76561197987441403,Recommended,286690,26166892,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Argo Fear,"Great game. Atmospheric, story-rich, great characters, fun gameplay. A mix between the Fallout's & Splinter Cell's. A bit glitchy at times, mainly on the loading screen. A little short, but good replayability due to the variation in play types and weapons. Combat against humans significantly easier than against monsters, which for me disrupted the rhythm of the game a bit.Overall, it's really good :)"
76561198073932095,Recommended,286690,26115296,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DimaFromGreece,Nice Game
,Recommended,286690,26117022,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,NV,"thrilling, good story"
,Recommended,286690,26118633,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,unfunny,Can't count how many times I ♥♥♥♥ed up being stealthy and had to kill everyone. No witnesses!
,Recommended,286690,26123734,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,jblue,"The game was really fun, had a decent story line, and ran O.K. being a linux port. However, some areas in the game had ""puzzles"" that werent really explained, even on one of the easier difficulties. Basically, you would have to complete a task in order to move on, but said task was never explained or done previously in the game.All in all, great action/adventure; especially for the mild 20$ price tag."
76561198273199082,Recommended,286690,26124102,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Pounding Out Logs,great game :)
76561198274512422,Recommended,286690,26161805,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ääliö,Cool game
76561197964621701,Recommended,286690,26174637,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Brett,"Shorter that I expected and very story driven.  The link for the manual was broken when Istarted palying, so I did not know about the moral choices that effected the end of the game.  It was fun if somewhat limited."
76561198011907568,Recommended,286690,26121142,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Foxona,"Pros: Fun if you havn't played the origional or read the books.Great graphics.Interesting story.Con: Very short story.Few bugs and glitches.Hidden moral mechanics.Annoying endingGreat for buying it on sale, would feel ripped off if i had to buy it full price though"
76561197980804917,Recommended,286690,26432021,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nixy,"This is the best game i ever played it will get you hooked down from your toes up to your spine !100% worth every single dollar.10/10 ""Phenomenal""<3"
,Recommended,286690,26432147,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,adnansal,"great game, great story"
,Recommended,286690,26424218,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,kill me,"If this game was a woman, I would totally have an sexual intercourse with it. 10/10, and one of the most underrated games of all time. Music, climate, characters, storyline- everything in top notch. It is a MUST, along with Last Light."
76561198258440907,Recommended,286690,30902080,Posted: 2 April,all,MapleBark,"great horror survival fps , very atmospheric and immersive , still not sure what to think about the ending though and also ♥♥♥♥ the Librarians"
,Recommended,286690,26423837,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Action Hero Evil Sidekick,"The currency is bullets, and everyone is Russian."
,Recommended,286690,30902206,Posted: 2 April,all,BGM99,10/10
76561198010779981,Recommended,286690,26371566,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eoin_star,It was ok. I like the old version better. If you can get it on sale it's worth it.
,Recommended,286690,26380034,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Dealer,"Ok, so lets get down to it. I love this game. Its the right amount of creepy, mixed with some good story telling. This game can be really, really freaky when it wants to be...Positive:1. Good Story2. Solid gameplay with no issues (ran well)3. Good story4. Good scary theme5. Awsome graphics6. Unique levels, each presenting a diffrent task that can be quite intersting.7. Has comic reliefNegative (and there aren't many)1. Kinda short (I beat it in 9 hrs.)2. Little to no replayability (This is why number 1 is the largest issue)3. The game starts off slow and can get a bit repetative, you just need to stick with it to get to the interesting parts :(Thats it :)If you noticed the only reason why there are any negatives at all is because i wanted to play more :) So in short, this game is worth every penny. In fact I would buy it a second time over if i needed to, just so you get the idea how much i love this game. Then again they aren't asking much. SOOOOO if your contemplating getting this game the answer is yes. just yes. (I'm sad its over..... oh well time to move onto last light.......)"
76561197969366898,Recommended,286690,26408408,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RubberDuckyWithaKnife,"Was surprised how well made this game series was, Excellent voice actors and pacing on the story that demanded you see it to the end... visual effects are very good to excellent very atmospheric and immersive would classify it as more survival horror it definitely taught you to fear the shadows and the creatures hiding in them! Would definitely call this a must own for any fps fan!, As far as FPS's it's top notch smooth gameplay & handling weapons feel realistic and loved that they gave you the option of going commando or stealthy assassin which added more fun and reply styled options...TL;DR   BUY this Game It's a awesome game!"
76561198302880271,Recommended,286690,26410053,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bnapier2014,everything about this games good
,Recommended,286690,26407841,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,N7CommanderTR,"good gameplay, great atmosphere and very detailed enviroment. probably wont ever play it again but it was fun."
,Recommended,286690,26407867,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,KyoZM,"Best FPS  i've played for quite awhile, not without faults though, but minor ones, like the horrible jump mechanics.If you're on the fence on this one I recommend you to get it as it's a great time! The story is engaging, the horror is very well done, they chose atmosphere over cheap jumpscares. the gameplay is really good with the exception of meele combat and a few out of place Quick time events.9/10"
,Recommended,286690,26406816,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,idfhayal,I'm not a fan of FPS genre but this game is gorgeous! Very deep and aatmospheric game. Must be played in SURVIVAL mode only!
76561198137983474,Recommended,286690,26369953,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sexy Moises,"Totally Awsome game let me tell you why...1-AWSOME GRAPHICS but seriously... 11/102-Well Ported3-Nice History (Read the book)4-Amazing gameplay5-So godamn well done6-Stealth mechanics7-A real Survival game a real challenge, is hard to find ammo... ""thats not problem..."" Oh did i mention that the ammo is the money too? so think twice before you start shooting that ammo can buy more medkits, Oxigen Filters, Attachments, ammo for other gun8-The missions are so well done9-Humans, Mutants, Ghosts... what else you want to figth with? Harambe?10-Each enemy takes different strategies to kill them11-Super detailed map design12-A well AI13-and... is not easyAND it should be played, is strange how this game is not so famous as it should beIf you can buy it... DO ITIf theres sales with this game on FKNG BUY IT! i dunno what are you waitnig...before buying this game i got some doubts about this game... -should i buy this game? it dosent looks soooo... coolBut belive me... It totally worth your money even without sales"
76561198119562308,Recommended,286690,26366541,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,HypothermicChill,"The only thing I feel the power to do right now is recommend Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light, they are both amazing and I cannot say anymore to express that"
,Recommended,286690,26366851,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Boregasmic Gaming,"One hell of a game! I'm kinda rusty in playing FPS shooters but this game definitely got me back on track! Great story, awesome graphics. Highly recommended :)"
,Recommended,286690,16396693,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,P.A.T.,"Atmospheric shooter set in the ruins of Moscow. Looks great, the story isn't bad and it's different to  other shooters. The only downside is how streamlined the game is, similarly to COD campaigns.I've read the books and I have to say I prefered the books a bit more, but the game is still great."
76561198057109068,Recommended,286690,26066324,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jaiko,Great game!
,Recommended,286690,21168090,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,xXx|Pvt丶Miku|xXx,"Actually,this is a good game.but have some serious bug in it.hope they will fix it."
,Recommended,286690,26068942,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sonny,good
,Recommended,286690,26073106,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,shankypants,"One of the few games i truely felt the character. Wanted him to survive. The sounds,the lighting and the atmosphere make this game immersive as hell.great story too..10/10 would recommend."
76561198054073847,Recommended,286690,26073727,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Buck Tooth,What a great game for six bucks!
76561198073016838,Recommended,286690,26082198,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tama Tonga csgoatse.com,"Game is so underated, i personally think the game is one of the best genre of its kind.outstanding grapfics,storyline & gameplay is just stunning!"
76561198071185082,Recommended,286690,26082581,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hutch,Entering this Game after getting a refund on arma 2 I didn't know that to expect but after now just finishing the astonishing campaign I can tell don't doubt this game and trust me this one is definatley worth it.
76561198195887842,Recommended,286690,26079528,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SlayGames,8/10
76561198116364943,Recommended,286690,26007168,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ignite,"Monsters, ghosts, nazis, mutant dragons and a lot of swearing from me9/10"
,Recommended,286690,26087891,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PIE,"Great game, beautiful graphics.Wish it was longer :D"
,Recommended,286690,26088058,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,kenleeeeeeeee,Best Russian subway simulator11/10Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spiders always scared me  XD
76561198114056588,Recommended,286690,26130348,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cowtastrophe,"Now, this is what happens if you miss the subway."
76561198276629383,Recommended,286690,26130942,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,wallace,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing awsome!
,Recommended,286690,26095499,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,White • Magic,"Awesome game. I love single player games with good stories. Never got boring, not got dull. Graphics still look great! 3440x1400 works great as well."
76561198110089198,Recommended,286690,26096163,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,...,"Fokin amazing, i can finally be a russian.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,286690,26094740,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,J^,very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,286690,26103707,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Skalla,buggy as hell - not worth buying
,Recommended,286690,22962705,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,LDNSkY,A review telling the pros and cons of Metro 2033 Redux.Pros:- Great story- Great gameplay- Cheap to buy- No EA DLC type of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tCons:- Some mobs have bad hit register- You need to be extremely polite and nice to get the alternative ending
,Recommended,286690,24661032,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Nattramn,.....
76561198025360643,Recommended,286690,20565970,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,West African Shia Labeouf,Well good. Came like six times
,Recommended,286690,24614808,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lelapa,"I played through this game 4 times. That is FOUR TIMES to get 100% achievement completion. I really enjoyed 3 of the runs and the 4th was a little annoying because I was hoping to make it only 3, and the 4th was just a little bit long. Still this game has fantastic story and ability to draw you in and keep you interested.Also if you want a game where you can get 100% achievement completion this is a great one. All of the achievements were worth getting and were enjoyable to collect."
76561198020575563,Recommended,286690,20314834,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"I bought this game on a whim since it was on steam sale, figured it would be just another generic shooter. Boy was I wrong.This game fits into a very small category of FPS games that manage to do alot of things extremly well: it looks good, it plays good, its got good narative and is legitimtly scary. It also finds that sweet spot where it is extremely difficult but not to the point of frustration. This is honestly one of the most polished shooters I've played in ages.The gameplay plays out like a normal FPS: go from one big setpiece to another, with some hubs in between to restock your ammo and upgrade your guns. A bit cookie cutter, but the game does it so well that its easy to forgive its linear nature. The action and the narrative will keep you going.The actual gameplay is quite interesting, having to recharge batteries, swap out gas mask filters, and pump up air rifles in the middle of combat is something new and really adds to the tension. Its also quite interesting that the currency of the game is ammo. You can spend those beauties on a whole mess of upgrades, or toss them into a gun for a couple of shots of powerful incindeary bliss.The Scrounging for resources and upgrading weapons has a distinct Fallout feel to it, and its quite fun to customize your loadout to fit your play style.If I had to pick a gripe about this game, it would be the SSAA. With it even on 2x my framerate ate it under a constant 60, even with a 980 gtx. I believe the game must already have another form of AA however, as turning off SSAA the game dosn't appear jaggy at all. Aside from that and a few crashes here and there, the game has run solid.I'm not usually super big on ""normal FPS"", with RPG orintated ones like Fallout and Fary Cry being the noticible exception to this rule, and I'm happy to say I'm adding the Metro series to this. If last light redux is also this good, I'm sure I'll enjoy it just as much.Great game, far far more then I was expecting. Wish I had given it a try sooner."
76561198103500396,Recommended,286690,20317091,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Subterranean Homesick Cat,"Excelente historia, envolvente, con esa intensidad que uno espero de un juego post-apocaliptico."
,Not Recommended,286690,20461947,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RS,"Metro 2033 Redux was a disappoint. The main reason being that the campaign was not that good really. There was very little depth to the game and no explainations. The dialogue was mediocre or not that good. This is only the beginning of this games issues. The game felt like it was alpha build of the game because of the bugs. The game had so many bugs with gameplay like fighting against the AI in this game felt like no challenge. The body physics of dead bodys were no better. This review could go on for longer but there is no need. I would not recommend this game, no matter if its on sale or not."
,Recommended,286690,20458955,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Captain Serious,"A beautifully looking rails shooter with unforgettable set pieces, environments, and story."
,Recommended,286690,20459127,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mason1,I'm learning Russian pretty well from this game.
,Recommended,286690,20456860,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[Cukes] Past,Awesome game! >.<1O/1O
76561198048578476,Recommended,286690,20366768,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,IR-INCLINE,"I bought the bundle of both games for $7 and some cents. The story is amazing, the first one is a litle bit more forgiving. I watched a revew on youtube, it sort of grew on me finaly got it, it was as good as i had hoped. Great buy Go for it."
,Recommended,286690,20442340,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dongo,"One of the most immersive first person shooters I have ever played. The visuals are absolutely stunning and the engine is a powerhouse. The soundtrack fits the atmosphere of apocalyptic Moscow perfectly. The small communities in the metro are a pleasure to visit and to hear the atmospheric conversations told by the people of the metro. The gunplay is executed well and every weapon is a joy to use. Even the reload animations are amusing. The animations and character models of this game are a sight to behold. The lighting effects are a technical marvel as well. The other aspects of gameplay are refreshing. The game is linear but gives multiple ways to approach goals and players are able to decide between being sneaky or running and gunning. Supplies are only just abundant enough, forcing players to carefully strategize around the use of their ammo. For the game being set in such a unique atmosphere, the environments of the game never become stale or boring. The story of the game is a focused one that does not stray too far from its main ideas. Journals found during gameplay give the player the lore of the metro from Artyom's own eyes. The entire game really is about his interpretation of the metro. The game has a psychological element in it that really allows the player to become entangled in Artyom's outlandish experiences. There is also a dash of paranormal in this game to add more character to the metro. This game sets out to completely immerse the player in the setting, environment, and character of the metro; and it does a pretty damn good job at doing just that. I have only ever played redux but from what I've seen and heard, many improvements have been made over the original. The graphical visuals as well as the ui have been majorly improved, the ai has been fixed and the controls have been nicely revamped. This game goes on sale with its sequel ""Metro: Last Light"" during every major steam sale for very low prices. Do yourself a favour and pick it up if you enjoy extremely immersive experiences."
,Recommended,286690,20450158,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jmac,"ok story, ok game, bit meh"
76561198074401414,Recommended,286690,27418977,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,G3n0CiD3,"This game is like the perfect mix of horror and action, nice story to back it up and also provides, with the latest updates, a good challenge in difficulty."
,Recommended,286690,27368541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iggyami,"I cant think of a reason to not get this game. Its beautiful, great story, great gameplay, great characters. 100% 10/10 I go back and playthrough it again every once in a while. Still love it every time."
,Recommended,286690,27394871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,prnvsujay,One of the best Games ever !! No Bugs ! Osome gameplay. And okayish storyline
,Recommended,286690,30941122,Posted: 4 April,all,Stevie Smith,This game is very storie driven while still feeling stealth enough. This game is the perfect mix between game play and stories. There are many side conversations that tells other peoples stories
23542532453245353,Recommended,286690,27209960,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sterben,игра ваще агонь
,Recommended,286690,23927174,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,stumpylog,"I've put a number of hours into the game so far and loved them all.  The story is engrossing, the combat fits in just right, and I jumped plenty of times because that shadow looked like a watcher and my gas mask filter was running low.  It's not an everyday FPS, it's gritty, and you can make it even more so.  No HUD?  Watch your clip or you'll run out of bullets.  Check your watch so you don't die gasping when a filter runs out.I highly recommend the game.  It's honestly one of the best games I've play.  Superbly done.  I'm looking forward to exploring the game and location more in Last Light"
,Recommended,286690,23928236,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SepticK,"If you enjoyed stalker then get this game. great gfx, great fps survival horror game thats been ""reduxed"". And well worth playing again."
,Recommended,286690,23924999,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ChristopherMK4,"This game is just.. i don't have the words for it... even if you play it on low grapchics...there is still a nice amibiance,vegetation or textures.I was going to say that Metro sucks, it's just an post-apocalyptic game..nothing so special..then i saw the Boundle of summer sale 2016... Umh, i 'll give it a shot but i won't buy the boundle, just the 2033 Redux. I was making a HUUGE mistake. I was adicted to this game, 7 hours of gameplay, 2 days...and i finnish it. GREAT STORYLINE peeps, Various Guns, Ammo scavangeing,you just feeel the apocalyptic situation..it just amazing.. just maked me read the entire book of Metro..YOU NEED THIS GAME IN YOUR STEAM LIBRARY !! BECOME A TRUE RANGER !!"
76561198178460647,Recommended,286690,23909636,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,turbotricycle,"I bought this on sale in a pack with Metro Last Light. I don't usually go for survival horror but I gave it a shot anyway, and I'm glad I did. When you start a new game it gives you the option of playing it as a survival horror (Ranger Mode) or as a more or less run and gun FPS (Spartan Mode). I picked Spartan mode so I'll focus on that until I get a chance to play Ranger mode. Spartan mode has more plentiful ammo and pickups (medkits, gas mask filters) so you don't have to do much resource management but you still need to be careful with your ammo, I ran out completely a couple of times. And I never got below 3 medkits. The combat has good mechanics, you can't hide behind cover for long as it will deteriorate under enemy fire. You have to develop different strategies against mutants and humans in what I thought was a good balance between the two. The real high point in the game is the story, which in my opinion, is on par with the Bioshock games. My only gripe is the length. It's kind of short but it is definitely re-playable, even more so if you consider the two different modes which essentially make it two games in one. Do yourself a favor and get it already, you won't be disappointed.Bottom Line:Graphics: 9/10Story: 10/10Combat: 10/10Length: 6/1010/10"
,Recommended,286690,23920987,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"A well-done FPS game with a rich story, and one of the few times I have seen sexuality presented in an intelligent way."
,Recommended,286690,23933308,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SchizophrenicRx,Great game with a lot of replay value.Reasons:Good StoryMultiple EndingsCan do stealth playthrough (Regular or Survival Mode)Can do more of an action playthrough (Regular or Survival Mode)What else do you need?
,Recommended,286690,24198132,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,duriancub,"this game is a must have if you like to play post apocalyptic game.the story is good, the survival is good.just try it and you will know it"
,Recommended,286690,24172929,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,EliteDeltaTeam,"In this game, your local Librarian would probably keep you quiet by ""brutally killing you"". So keep quiet."
76561198150537992,Recommended,286690,24170879,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Smoke,From my first play through on Xbox one to playing through once again on PC the redux set has been 2 of my favorite games since gaming as a child. Metro is epic and a master piece. Anyone looking for a story driving fps should give this a try.
,Recommended,286690,24180987,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,StrykrAU,♥♥♥♥ING PERFECTIONDONT EVEN QUESTION YOURSELF BUY THE DAM GAME ALREADY
76561198202820392,Recommended,286690,24168167,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lumpy,"Very good backstory, with a good gameplay. I enjoyed all of it. Thanks for this redux engine, it works very well on older computer with low specs."
,Recommended,286690,24193356,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,KnightPlutonian,"Metro 2033 Redux is one of those games that proves that despite all the endless clones of first person shooters that come out each year and numerous games that simply try to snatch as much money as they can, video games truly can provide an experience unlike any other. This is not to say that Metro 2033 Redux is without fault; the characters sometimes animate poorly, particularly in facial expression, the hitboxes are sometimes poorly constructed, and some bullets sometimes feel as though they simply vanish after giving you a faceful of grape juice onto the facemask. But these tiny issues are unable to mar the amazing experience that Metro 2033 Redux brings to the table. An interesting story is mixed with a beautifully realized, lived-in world to provide an experience that is unlike any other. I have not yet played its sequel, Metro Last Light Redux, but Metro 2033 Redux provides a satisfying conclusion that also leaves room for its sequel, which I will be playing as soon as I can.In short:Pros:-Amazing Story-Haunting Music-Satisfying Gunplay-Well-realized, lived-in world-Likeable characters-Spectacular world-building mechanics-Solid AtmosphereCons:-Occasional hitbox errors-Minimal visual issuesOverall, a spectacular game. I have no qualms in recommending this title."
,Recommended,286690,23793947,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Atlass.,""" HELLO ARTYOM ""10/10"
76561198100922261,Recommended,286690,30806471,Posted: 28 March,all,Nagito,11/10 would play again
,Recommended,286690,30806459,Posted: 28 March,all,Illogical,It started off kinda slow but once you get sent off on your own the game really picks up I found it hard (I played the first time on ranger). I really thought that it was cool how they made it possible to finish a level even if you run out of ammo and the stealth is really cool. Dont forget the flash light is your friend especially if you hate scorpions.
,Recommended,286690,23825346,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Captain Titus,I love the universe of the post-apocalyptic world!
,Recommended,286690,23833915,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Halloween Meme Machine,"Pros: Great gameplay and storyline for the most partCons: Look forward to wandering around aimlessly, and fighting enemies that just won't die no matter how many bullets you fill them with."
76561197971755007,Recommended,286690,26519944,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dickclooney,"Excellent, atmospheric, extremely Linear, story driven shooter. STALKER/Fallout this is not so dont expect to be off exploring and doing sidequests. Gun mechanics are good, graphics are excellent. You can get a bit lost despite the linear nature, good job there is a compass to follow. Chargable light and gas mask that requires filters, adds to the survivle ethic but i found that neither interferred with the gameplay. Be sparing with you ammo though. Once annoyance, the odd bullet sponge enemy. Nothing annoys me more than pumping 30 shotgun blasts into an enemy only for it to get up and kill you (i also hate boss fights, thankfully this game has none!) Highly recomended, on to Last Light Redux. 8.5/10"
76561198075938311,Recommended,286690,26690290,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[Fliiip] Wattle Botlee,Unique story and very immersive gameplay
76561198122878514,Recommended,286690,26884187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackJacket_,"It does not matter if you like the book or the game. This is all about Redux here and god, it must be the best remake ever. Looks completely different and you even wont recognize some places from the first game. Breathtaking atmosphere and the story is top notch.Recommending for everyone who likes singleplayer experience and strong storry. Play with Russian voice acting and subtitles and the experience is even better"
76561197965776680,Recommended,286690,26887594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheBedWetter,"Get it on sale, its worth it.  Alot of fun.  and scary"
76561198083843392,Recommended,286690,21640816,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Brickaleator,"The best way for you to get the full experience of the Metro series, is to jump in without knowing anything. I will tell you only this: It is a story heavy game, with an amazing atmosphere wheighing down on you like a whale scrotum rucksack, and a first person shooter..."
,Recommended,286690,27819055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pastonite,Hard but good.
,Recommended,286690,27822732,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FunkyPants,Very good yes
,Recommended,286690,27824000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zentiles,"One of THE BEST story based shooters i have ever played, would highly recommend this and last light"
,Recommended,286690,27805109,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MalS Road To 1k,"Awesome Game, The Storyline And Gameplay Make Me Cry :'("
,Recommended,286690,27805289,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪Aiko✪,"Last time I played a single player camagin was 5 Year's ago, The Metro Collection is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, Christ I even bought the Novels XD"
,Recommended,286690,27806009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,$TheDesigner$,I have been attracted by the great story. Really creative world setting and immersive environment ! Brilliant currency system that should be adopted by other games ! 11/10You must buy it !
76561198203244938,Recommended,286690,30944927,Posted: 4 April,all,Dracostein,i stopped playing after the  library mission
,Recommended,286690,27483637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hahgotyou,good ;)
,Recommended,286690,27517311,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NaCl,I have never been more enveloped into a game.
,Recommended,286690,20493596,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RePete,One of the Games I enjoyed the most!- intense atmosphere- awesome graphics- good story
,Recommended,286690,16905534,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,R4G3,"A great remastered version of a great game!I played only the first couple of missions on my xbox a few years back, but i never really got far because i was a chicken sh*t. Since im a couple years older and i needed a good visual game to test out my new PC i decided to try again this game (also cuz i bought it for 10$ with last light redux during the summer sale). All i can say is its worth it a great game that isnt too long, but isnt short either, PLUS you can play this game any style that you want, Stealth or LEROY JENKINS it. all in all buy it... if you dare... :D:D:D"
76561197972391867,Recommended,286690,27517525,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Providence-Kek Vult,One of my favorite games of all time. The story is great and so the atmosphere is depressing and playing at higher difficulties really makes you feel the struggle for survival. I wish I could forget everything to play through it again.
76561198235134784,Recommended,286690,27559731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chingo1989,Originally completed this on 360 and absolutely loved it. And getting the remastered version for PC has just made Mr love it even more!
,Recommended,286690,27453028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chewbacca,"very good game, nice graphics, good storyline. LOVE IT <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3"
76561198063805771,Recommended,286690,27564724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dapper Doge,10/10 Russian Simulator.
,Recommended,286690,27562207,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DuncanzaNinja,"I thought the game was fun, i'll come back and play it every once and a while just to re-experience the story. 9/10 is my rating when it comes to gameplay and 10/10 for the story especially if you have Metro Last Light aswell."
76561198026876478,Recommended,286690,21044665,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jayofthedamned,"This is a great game which will one day become a great classic. One of which everyone is going to point to and say it's name in the same breath that we do with Half life 2 and such masterpieces. This and it's sequel are honestly must plays if you are a PC gamer and you should be proud to own such incredible games in your library.Pros.Great Story.Great Characters.Amazing Graphics.Great Gunplay.Creature design is wonderful.Cons.Graphical glitches with shadows causing flickering.Sometimes randomly crashes. Thanks to good checkpoint system this isn't a huge problem.Faces when first loading areas can look plasticy, mainly on dead bodies."
,Not Recommended,286690,21072557,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Hell_Hound,Clunky very adverage weapons. Extremly slow moving story line. Wouldn't recomend
,Recommended,286690,21118316,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,J🅰N🅴's 🅰ddiction-,Awesome game just get it!!!
,Not Recommended,286690,22965562,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kaz,"Seems to be poorly optimized for Linux. Running it on Ubuntu with AMD card and open-source drivers. I can get good performance out of many games, this is not one of them. I hope Last Light runs better when it's finished downloading.Not the best choice for users running Linux with budget hardware."
76561198148217351,Recommended,286690,22964081,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,⫹Ender⫺,great game m8 bannana/10
76561197998614755,Recommended,286690,22961663,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,CaptainSmak,Super atmospheric. The world just draws you in it is very immersive. Also scary.
,Recommended,286690,22965836,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,☆ Grovyle,Let's call this..Russian Fallout.Definitely get this game and Last Light Redux while it's on sale.
,Recommended,286690,22972722,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,We are Anonymous,Great story. Great gameplay. Semi-survival/horror game. 10/10
,Recommended,286690,22969890,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lenny,hmm what shoud I playI like killing nazis maybe wolfensteinor I like post nuclear apocalypes settingbut I like FPS games maybe COD*sees the light*Oh Metro 2033 you have all this and more10/10
76561198035088373,Recommended,286690,22973390,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sathyboi,"I wished i had played this before but then the remastered Redux made me love this narrative FPS shooter. One of the most atmospheric shooter since Half Life and Bioshock, the monsters were great and the action were superb. Highly recommend it.."
76561198298812170,Recommended,286690,22969003,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,twinkislayer,"First of I would like to say that this is an amazing game. Not only is the gameokay just plain fun the story is really engaging and I found myself actually caring about the deaths of several charecters. This game manages to combine stealth and shoot everything kind of playstyles very well, I mean you can do either. I personally prefered the stealth method to conserve ammo but it's really up to you.The game took me about 9 hours to complete so if you're trying to fill in for the laughable single player campaign in the newer shooters I would highly recomend this.10/10"
,Recommended,286690,22967575,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,crag,"I went to the Library to borrow some books but the Librarian was kinda rude. 0/10I thought the game was going to be a simulation like Sims, Build tracks for the train and stuff. 0/10But on the bright side I have Siderodromophobia now.10/10 Would get traumatized for life again."
,Recommended,286690,22967856,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zhur,"Pro:     Slight improvement from the original one.  It's playable with adjusted settings.  Got it bundled with Last Light for only a little under $10.  A Deal too good to say no.Con:    It still runs terrible.  Struggles to play this game at max (1080p).  Sometimes it will have nice FPS and sometimes it stutters and lags in certain area.  The video(s) are choppy at around 30fps or less sometimes.Would I recommend this Metro 2033 REDUX?-For $30... na (especially if you already have the original Metro 2033)-Definitely, for under $10 (it was bundled with Last Light)."
,Recommended,286690,22962626,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Comandant Feels,Welcome home Artyom.
,Recommended,286690,22966799,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FritzGoesREEEE,"the game is good, but right when i decided to choose the chapters that i wanted. it suddently stopped without any reason. please help with the problem"
76561198044904452,Recommended,286690,28316315,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,looks awesome and has a unique vibe!
,Recommended,286690,28411476,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,pieroveras | Donate Nova Skins!,"The reworked graphics are absolutely beautiful and run great on a lot of hardware. Gameplay wise, the Metro series is just great, the story is quite deep and the whole good actions vs bad actions system is really nice. Combat is engaging and the addition of the harder modes make this game a challenge to play.Definitely recommended, a great FPS with a great story as well."
,Recommended,286690,26999697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jen The Poptart,"The goats in this game might not look like goats, but they are. Trust me, I would know. Great goat slaying game. 10/10"
,Recommended,286690,28523744,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Party Cup,"A must buy. 10/10  |   DIY guns. 10/10  |   Mutants 10/10. (All it needs now are turtles).   |   Epic gameplay and mutants that make me jump out of my seat Only Outlast and F.E.A.R. Have done that, I've played: Among the sleep, and maybe another horror game XD i can't remember :p. This game is 10/10 besides the few sound glitches and visual glitches. (Uncommon-Rare)"
76561198153405096,Recommended,286690,28484386,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,OCDjunky,"Wow this game looks amazing! From what i can tell it's got a good story build up and intense action. I haven't gotten too far yet but from what i can tell its pretty sick. The game glitched and took me to a later stage in the last light game and it was intense action, so the game definitely builds and picks up from the atmospheric and apocolyptic elements, which is what the game does best... And the game already has recent overwhelmingly positive reviews so you can also base your decision off of that to get this game and it's sequel, which is apparently even better :D And i was lucky, i got both redux games for R70 :DDD"
76561198079218940,Recommended,286690,27991778,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jirobow,"At first I found it very strange that no characters were named Dmitri.But then I discovered that the orinal author's name is Dmitry, so there we go.(Everyone knows there must be a Dmitri in any russian-themed story)"
,Recommended,286690,28214037,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MASTERPIE!,Good story and game play that still holds up. Tempted to go read the book the game is based on now.
,Recommended,286690,28214144,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Harmington,"Atmospheric as s**t, loved every minute!"
76561198154692456,Recommended,286690,28152593,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,piranhachops,"There are no kids in this game. What look like children are just migets, full grown migets"
76561198179624986,Not Recommended,286690,27850487,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KmanSkillz,"""And my game broke"""
76561197982573002,Recommended,286690,28090688,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VѻιϮϊɛ,Bought during the steam sale. Short sweet beautiful carnage.
,Recommended,286690,28113732,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tylt,You can wipe your Gas MaskNext Level Gameplay10/10
76561198272436806,Recommended,286690,28113981,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tea,"This game looks beautiful, feels immersive, and has some really tense moments here and there. It's also the only game I've ever played where I actually feel uneasy about exploring the areas by myself.On the downsides, the english voice acting is a bit hit and miss, and you have to go fiddle with the files for a bit in order to change your FOV. That's really annoying...All in all, it's a great Immersive FPS."
,Recommended,286690,16340179,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Theoretical Knight Ardent,"Cannot get past the new artyom voice actor since last light, previous to the redux. I loved that artyom. ;~;It's a great game. I would just keep the older one, it looks fantastic... even though it is the old one."
,Recommended,286690,28333952,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rasputin,"It is fun, but ScArY."
,Recommended,286690,28319080,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,You just got NaE nAe'd,great remake!
76561198056414090,Recommended,286690,28334947,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,☭GRKA☭,Best post-apocalyptic game after a S.T.A.L.K.E.R. franchise ... Highly recommend to everyone :)
,Recommended,286690,28336137,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,i dont fucking care anymore,SINGING PAIPES.
76561198157610396,Recommended,286690,28337632,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Boagrious,"Good game, would most definitely recommend to a friend. Wish the game was a little longer..."
,Recommended,286690,28340712,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,PRISON MIKE ☎ ✂ ✉ ✎,Visually stunning and excellent story telling. The combat leaves a lot to be desired but the story and graphics make up for it. I'm runing SLI'd GTX 970s with an i7 and I still can't get it to run smoothly past 2k (monitor) and with some of the settings on Medium.Great game. A bit boring at the start but give it time. The adventure is well worth playing.
76561198105660637,Recommended,286690,22459817,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tom01,The VSync-Feature of the Mac-Version does not work.The Graphics-Chip is running on full Throttle.Otherwise this Game works on OS X 10.11.3
,Recommended,286690,22460291,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Corwins,Just AWsome
,Recommended,286690,22133479,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,YG.WIPCREAM.WIZ,"This game is very good, great storyline, atmosphere, you pretty much have freedom for everything, and spooky monsters o.o"
,Recommended,286690,30750813,Posted: 26 March,all,Moon Dude,"If you can stand the sub par voice acting, it's an amazing game."
,Recommended,286690,22293284,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lametta,"Not a bad game but not a great game either.At the beginning at some parts it is really atmospheric but i felt like the story was too weak and some parts of the game made it kinda ""cheap""(animations of story sequences). The graphics are alright but not the best i ve seen. All in all you can buy t when its on sale if you ve got nothing better to play."
76561197964754426,Not Recommended,286690,22331371,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[]V[],Constantly crashes to desktop in Chapter 4: War.Intel i7-3820 3.60 GhZNvidia GTX 960
76561198004689691,Recommended,286690,22370166,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Rage,"WARNING: Do not play this game while sitting on an exercise ball. You may fall off. 2Spooky4me.Anyways, game is basically an on the rails shooter depicting life in and around the Russian metro stations after some kind of nuclear war.The game is dark, gritty, and at times quite frustrating. Oh yeah some how there are nazis too. Monster tries to kill man, and man tries to kill man. War, war never changes.Even on the easiest difficulty I was constantly dying. Despite being ""on the rails"" there are quite a few parts where you have to wander around small areas to complete objectives, and you will mess up a lot.The game does a great job of making you uneasy. Later in the game I felt constant pressure, either enemies you can't really kill, or low ammo, or low air filters. I almost couldn't finish the game because I was about 10 seconds (or less) away very late in the game from dying from not having any air filter time left. The struggle is real.The ending was rather satisfactory. I really felt like part of some kind of spec ops group during the final push of the game. Just you and crew vs the world.Game is paced good, challenging even on easiest difficulty, interesting story, good visuals, and good ambiance. Not a long game (about 10 hours for 1st play through), but worth the time. Look forward to the sequel."
76561198012833532,Recommended,286690,22563443,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Metro 2033 is soaking with post-apocalyptic atmosphere, the game world is really well thought out and all the parts of game fit nicely together into this enviroment. Tunnels of Moscow metro are filled with mutants, nazis and commies for you to shoot down, or carefully sneak around. Technically and graphicall very well done as well."
76561198035776207,Recommended,286690,22373771,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Crazy Chuck,"Easy buy, no regrets. 10/10The♥♥♥♥♥♥whom voted down on this game are just people that need that COD arrow to tell them what to do."
,Recommended,286690,30753771,Posted: 26 March,all,STAN,I like this game
76561198038122648,Recommended,286690,30753682,Posted: 26 March,all,oghayhay,I would give this game a 10/10 what is there not to love about this gameThe game is really immersive i just love how the game feels as you play it. The storyline is amazing and in depth. What made the game really good is that there are 2 endings making you want to search every nook and crany to find the moral points to get the good ending. To top it all off Artyom is a badass russian who drinks vodka. It doesnt get better than this when it comes to post apocalyptic games.
,Recommended,286690,30751930,Posted: 26 March,all,Tankus Khan,"I bought a pack yesterday with this game Metro 2033 Redux, and Metro Last Light Redux for $6! Yes 6 freaking dollars! This game is absolutely phenomenal! The visuals are stunning, and if i didn't know any better i would have thought this was a tripple A title for 2017. The sound and atmosphere the game provides is above anything i have experienced in another fps game.I can't recommend this game enough. And with such a cheap price tag it is an asbolute no brainer."
,Recommended,286690,22502665,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Karlak The Harvestor Of Souls,"Metro 2033 and Metro: Last light are easily two of the best story related FPS games on the market, if you haven't played them, you are missing out something very special, seem to be frequently on sale, if you see it pick it up, you will NOT regret it"
,Recommended,286690,30755799,Posted: 26 March,all,DeveloperSkin,"Very well made game combining elements of survival, stealth, combat, and storytelling. Excellent and realistic graphics, customizable weapons, challenging gameplay, and superb character design."
76561198142290842,Recommended,286690,22477363,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pixel player,When the russia gets a unclear falloutyou get metrotake your gun and save the remains for russiaFOR THE MOTHERLAND
76561198112041261,Recommended,286690,22477549,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Major_Gonads,"When you Sneaky Breeki through an entire Riech station plucking those Fascist's off with Atyom's mad knife/stealth skills without so much as raising an eyebrow, then you know, you're in the Metro.(This game is VERY good, it's worth buying, even at full price, don't be a cheapskate like uncle Bourbon, get it with Last Light which is equally as good imho.)"
76561198136869380,Recommended,286690,30160487,Posted: 24 February,all,Ainz,"the story of this game is amazing, i get so inmersed in it that i feel for the main character. Not only that, the graphics are awesome. A really good game in my book."
76561198048379877,Recommended,286690,30172077,Posted: 25 February,all,Eis,very good
,Recommended,286690,31197642,Posted: 17 April,all,CanadianMan,Very fun game does not show one how to play one must learn.
,Recommended,286690,28603228,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PeQ,Good Game 9/10 :+ :+Good Story+Good FPS game+Realistic- .... ? only thes for me :-Long Intro before you can do anything xD-small acount of weapons ;/You can buy this game with out a problem if you like games like Fallout aka Postapo. FPSthis game on 7-8 H .... on normal (survival ) with some explor.
76561198271909966,Recommended,286690,30148123,Posted: 24 February,all,bridget_98,"Thoroughly EngrossingMetro 2033 Redux was my first foray into the survival-horror/stealth genre, and I don't think I've ever played a more engaging or atmospheric game. The story is absolutley riveting, and the gameplay is fantastically tense - the perfect mix of shooting and stealth, with a few jump scares thrown in for good measure. I would recommend this game to anyone, no matter what genre they usually play!"
76561197997529945,Recommended,286690,29908019,Posted: 13 February,all,Serious Sofa,"Metro 2033 and 2034 are solid, archetypical AAA FPS titles for those looking to get their cheeki breeki on. The writing is exceptional by modern FPS standards, and I believe that can be owed to it's origins as a series of science fiction novels.... Having said that, there are a couple bits to watch out for:PROS:+The redux makeover makes for a gorgeously decrepit world.+A great, melancholy soundtrack.+Unique post apocalyptic setting makes for one hell of a underground roadtrip.+SlavsCONS:- There are some fragments of writing that are essential to the story of 1 and 2 that don't make a whole lot of sense once you really think about it. I can't elaborate due to spoilers, but trust me on this.-A whole third of the cast is voiced by Steve Blum and once I noticed I could not unhear it.- While the graphics and presentation are for the most part great, there is a weird uncanny valley thing going on with a lot of the character model's faces. I think it's the eyes- just try counting how often they blink.- On some occasions, the autosave/checkpoint system just straight up wouldn't trigger. So I'd make it through an area, die further on, then have to go WAY back, do it all again, only to have the game save for me at a spot that it didn't previously. Very frustrating.+/- The game has a morality system of sorts that will determine an ending for you. It's not quite as big as it sounds, but if you go in shooting for the ""good"" ending, you're gonna want to look it up online as it's...actually a little convoluted with what gives you good karma and what gives you bad, ie In one scenario, watching a guy get executed gives your morality points, but actually saving him by killing his executioners won't give you morality points. You can also get good karma by staring at some corpses. It's really weird, guys.--------------------------------And this last bit is not a criticism, but a warning. You'll be offered to pick a gameplay style in both Redux titles: Spartan or Ranger. Ranger is billed as being a more survival horror approach with an emphasis on stealth, scrounging for ammo, and greater damage for you and your foes, plus no UI for immersion.I went for Ranger mode, but it was a REALLY bad idea for a first, blind playthough of the series. This is most damning in 2033, where the game will not notify you of QTEs...Quite frustrating. In addition, the difficulty and game tweaks of ranger mode really don't mesh with the campaign, which was clearly designed with an action, Spartan mode in mind. It's fine for the first 2/3rds, but by that last chunk you're going to have so many action set pieces and horde defense scenarios that you may have to straight up restart some levels just to conserve enough supplies to have a chance at enduring these segments.So just avoid Ranger mode during your first playthough. It's not worth the added frustrations for a tad bit more immersion.CONCLUSION:I would say the good outweighs the bad, and flawed or not, the Metro games are a unique pairing- it's not very often a book gets adapted into a video game, and as a result there some creative choices you might not have otherwise seen in big FPS gaming titles. Is it the next STALKER: Shadow of Chernobyl? Not at all, and you'll be disappointed if you go in expecting that, but it absolutely stands on it's own merits.It's for sure worth checking out when on sale."
,Recommended,286690,28008085,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Koala,"A beautiful story and an excellent remake. The atmosphere is stunning; it is completely immersive. The actual gameplay and controls were never awkward. This is also one of the few games that can at times be quite difficult, but never overwhelmingly so. This means it's not one of those games where you get to a part that is obnoxiously difficult and thus end up not finishing it.Overall an amazing game with an intriguing story. Certainly a rewarding title."
,Recommended,286690,31186877,Posted: 16 April,all,みなと りく,privyet Artyom!
76561198095829666,Recommended,286690,31122911,Posted: 13 April,all,Markit,"Metro 2033 is a fantastic game, and upon finally completing my first run through I can say it was a blast. Right after finishing I hated myself for not playing it sooner and putting it off for so long, espically since it goes on sale every other week along with its sequel. If you love vodka and blasting muties this is a must own. and if you have this in your library and have been putting off playing it like me then do yourslef a favour and play it."
,Recommended,286690,31129694,Posted: 13 April,all,0x63％ Nerd,"Such atmospheric FPS experience is hard to come by. 2033 Redux is beautiful, dark and immersive. Truly one of the best post-apocalyptic survival-horror game."
,Recommended,286690,27335989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pupper,Just a normal day in Russia.
,Recommended,286690,29437002,Posted: 22 January,all,☹LOLpickle☹,"Spartan, normal mode>Be simple tunnel bandet>Kill silly travel man for his goods>Be sitting around camp fire with fellow gopniks>Suddenly random♥♥♥♥♥♥b-line straight to us and punches in Boris skull>We unload many bullet into him but he just sticks needle in him and is fine, he goes in and punches Dmitri in face>We have unloaded 4 magazine into man but he stick another needle and is ok>He runs to me and smashes my skull>Final moment and I see him take many more boolet and he punch in another 5 skulls>Such is metro life"
,Recommended,286690,26318803,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Renard Câlin '^',"Just in simple words, it's a really cool game, I like the story and the apocalyptic world, his brother Metro:Last Light is great too, just take profit right now and buy it before the offer is gone."
76561198066108880,Recommended,286690,31157793,Posted: 15 April,all,vanishtitania,"Its an immersive and bleak world with extremely tense atmosphere. The voice acting is one of the most expressive and real I have ever heard in any game. Graphically looks great and sound and music is goddamn stellar. Overall the game isn't about a hero with a simple story to save the world but somebody who goes through hardships and the challenge of surviving in a post apocalyptic world. It also has a morality system which is hidden but I think is a brilliant idea. Its a unique story which presents itself more like an account of snapshots from the hero told in a diary entry way. I haven't played a game quite like this other than bioshock but even that is completely different and does not explore as deeply the dread and emotion from this game.I encourage people who likes stories which explores human nature and themes but also loves dark and gritty settings with an appropriately fitting artstyle to play it right now,"
76561198346056390,Recommended,286690,31150762,Posted: 15 April,all,IsaacClarkeSNL,One of the best and most immersive single player FPS games out there. The story is engrossing. The world is oppresive and deadly. It's quite challenging in some spots. It's quite simply just a wonderfully crafted game.
76561198356889867,Recommended,286690,31180917,Posted: 16 April,all,K. Haggard,"Good story, hairy mutant beasties, hot russian hooker at one point.3 mutated thumbs way up.there's a lot more to it, maintaing a supply of filters for your gas mask, I paradoxed myself once or twice forgeting that little nugget of wisdom. Ammo as currency was cool.Worth playing, highly linear but long enough to satisfy me, I got about ten hours out of it, and I will play it again.Give'r a go."
,Recommended,286690,29443054,Posted: 23 January,all,mP3+Z,Trump Simulator 2017
,Recommended,286690,31185558,Posted: 16 April,all,BlastTyrant,"If you like STALKER series and similar games, get this right now packed with the Last Light Redux on a sale.This game is great, as the original Metro 2033 but with some improvements.I also reccomend the books because it's a good read.Atmosphere is great, graphics are good looking, difficulty level is adjustable to suit everyone's wishes.It's dark, immersive, sad, lonely, out of filters, out of medkits, out of ammo, out of money, stealth knife only game.It forces you to calculate your moves and to survive. (at least in Ranger Hardcore difficutly).Worth a play definently."
,Recommended,286690,31185608,Posted: 16 April,all,infestedchris,"The game is set in Russia, some sort of mutation and radiation made monsters that eat people. The people seem to call them demons and other names for these abominations.Pros: Good graphics, amazing voice acting and amazing gun physics. The game has great stealth and gun play. Throwing the knives feels good. The water and sound effects look and sound amazing. Rewards you for exploring and searching for extra things. Monsters look good, they are scary and fierce.Cons: Poorly optimized, 30FPS with a 980 4GB card. Poor level design, game seems to fail at showing you the path to the next area. You get a compass but it's only a arrow, it can't tell you down or up. Sometimes not enough air filters if stuck looking for next area. If you are stuck, you can run out of filters for air and suffocate and die. It can be frustrating but just have to look extra hard for openings that can lead to new area.Game had a great atmosphere and it immerses you into this world that is believable. Only down side is the air filter management system, it has some areas where you can not progress because NPC are talking or walking, which cuts into your air filter time. But great game play and creepy vibes when playing. Voice acting was spot on."
,Recommended,286690,29670406,Posted: 3 February,all,Hanselnut,The librarian made me poop my pants.10/10 would artyom again
