user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,287290,19351009,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OneClip,"The only thing I don't like is having to purchase each episode when it should have all been put in 1 game, placing an 84% discount on only episode 1 is a sad ploy to try and get you to buy all the others, bad move CAPCOM."
,Recommended,287290,32857132,Posted: 27 June,all,FlyMeToTheMoon,"I will get all the hate in the world from hardcore RE fans but this is my favorite RE game so far. I just can't get into the type of aiming any other RE game offers, just not my thing. Meanwhile this game and the previous one have aim that I can get used to and enjoy the gameplay. The Raid Mode is grindy but I enjoy it, it's the same thing over and over and over but it's addicting, in my opinion it offers lots of playtime as long as you want to get all the characters to max, easily over 200 hours."
,Recommended,287290,14960693,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Soulkey,"DisclaimerThis review is changed from NOT RECOMMENDED to RECOMMENDED as of March 19!Thanks to the performance patch, the game now finally functions as intended.Short reviewExcellent story with interesting character cast with plenty of familiar faces and some newcomers.Revelations 2 deliver a solid gameplay by focusing on the survival aspect of the series while putting a heavy emphasis on utilizing every character's ability in order to survive. The controls are fluid, the asymetric team gameplay is enjoyable, while the dodging mechanics from the previous Revelations is vastly improved!If you are fan of the older Resident Evil games and disillusioned by the recent entries in the series, Revelations 2 might just change your opinion and give you some hope for the future of the Resident Evil franchise!Long review based on the full experience of the complete seasonStoryThe story is pretty good, and unlike Revelations 1 it actually leads somewhere. With a terrible pun, you could say there's a revelation actually. The events of Revelations 2 take place on an unnamed island where Claire and Moira are kidnapped and exposed to horrific experiments by an unknown antagonist, while months later Barry finally locates the island and begins his search for his missing duo, accompanied by a mysterious girl named Natalia.  The idea of retracing the events of the past is kind of unique, and the plot twists at the end of each episode manage to keep up interest to the very end. The new character cast is interesting and enjoyable, especially Natalia. Even Moira is likeable despite her terribly written lines. However the highlight of the story for me was the interaction between Barry and Natalia.Gameplay and atmosphereSince we are talking about a survival horror game the first thing I should start with is the atmosphere. The game isn't scary at all and there aren't many jump scares either. But is that a bad thing? Well if you want a game that scares the living hell out of you then probably this isn’t the one you should get, however despite that, it's a very atmospheric game, with plenty of details. Each chapter during Claire's segment of the episode you walk through a set location, while playing Barry’s portion of the episode you revisit them. It might sounds kind of lame, that Capcom just recycle the same locations, but it actually works pretty well. All locations go through major changes due to the 6 months difference between the story of Claire and Barry: some routes are blocked away, some paths are opened up. They are the same locations yet they feel and play quite different. The enemy line-up is also different, however there's one small detail I really liked: in Claire's campaign the enemies are lively, mutated humans but in Barry's campaign those same enemies are rotting corpses since several months have passed. It is indeed a small detail but it was a nice addition for the atmosphere.The research notes and survivor letters scattered throughout the game also shed some light on the events of the story.The focus of the game is survival (unlike recent RE entries) as the supplies are limited and your characters are quite vulnerable. The game doesn’t have many enemies, however they are very well placed, and hit pretty hard. There’s a heavy emphasis on utilizing every character’s abilities in order to progress: Claire and Barry are the weapons experts, while Moira and Natalia play as support, helping you open up otherwise unreachable paths, locating hidden items and stun enemies. It is basicly asymmetric team gameplay done right. The AI is certainly not the best, however the support characters have regenerating health, so you don’t really need to worry about them. They can mess up terribly sometimes, by not following orders, but it doesn’t happen often!Puzzle elements return, but they are mostly rather simple ones and there’s plenty of fetch-styled puzzles as well. They are not too bad, but some of them were just awkward and out of place.Overall the gameplay offers solid gunplay and smart team management mechanics allowing you to switch between characters. The controls from the previous Revelations are improved and the revamped evade mechanics works perfect!Production value (graphics, sounds, animations etc)Despite he game is supposedly a budget release, I would say it is quite decent. The graphics are certainly not the best, but the game looks nice enough (minus the film grain effect, which can be rather annoying in dark indoor areas) and the lighting effects are particularly well done.Where the smaller budget shows however is how the animations were done, there are plenty of clipping, and some of the animations look sloppily executed. (Enemies spawning in front of you and the hitboxes are pretty inaccurate: you get grabbed even though the enemy attack animation isn't finished just to name a few of the problems)Music was enjoyable, though aside from two tracks (escape theme and EP3 boss fight), I wouldn't say the soundtrack was memorable.As for the voice acting, it was good. Many expressed their disappointment that Alyson Court didn’t return as Claire, but I must say the new actress was doing well, aside some oddly delivered lines. Barry’s and Natalia’s voice actors were great and the interaction between them felt natural. The weakest voice was probably Moira’s but I blame it on her horribly written lines. Every time she spoke it just felt….wrong.Length and replay valueThe length of the game is fairly short, so with an average pace you can finish the story on your first playthrough in about 8 hours. Despite the main campaign being short there's plenty of replay value thanks to Countdown and Invisible modes. Both are challenging in their own way. There are plenty of unlockables ranging from Secret files which add more depth to story, secret weapons (such as the Chicago Typewritter, a katana and even silly ones like the Bubble gun, just to name a few) and the usual figurines and concept art. Also good news for those who were missing Claire's biker suit and Barry's STARS outfit that they can be unlocked as well for finishing the story under certain conditions!PC portThe initial release was a horrible mess, but as of March 19. Capcom adressed most of the performance issues, such as framerate drops, stutterings and crashes for both story and raid mode.PROS- Interesting story- Excellent atmosphere focusing on building tension rather than mindless action- Gameplay finally resembles old school Survival horror- Solid team-management mechanics, which also add a new layer to environment puzzles- Creature designs are decent- High replay value thanks to several extra modes for the main campaign and Raid mode.- Cheesy one-liners and references to Resident Evil 1's Barry momentsCONS- Animations could have used more polishing.- Lots of pixel clipping.- The annoying mouse shaking QTE is back!- Short campaign"
76561198085792193,Recommended,287290,28154928,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,numan4634,"BEWARE: You have to buy DLC episodes for full game. It is like a trap :DMy short review: An above average game with a potential of very long gameplay in raid mode.Lets begin with cons for long review:- If you already know a lot about resident evil, the story is predictable and ordinary. There is not much additions to what we already know.- There are additional characters to the story but their personality is mediocre and their contribution to gameplay is somewhat neglectable.- There is no co-op story mode. Only a split screen option is available. Why not add a co-op mode when you have such a nice potential?- I did not experience much frame drops, maybe because they have updated the game or my rig is powerful, but there is a general consensus about frame drops and visual glitches in the game.- The voice acting is strong for some characters and weak for others.- Boss battles are mostly about waiting for an opportunity and evading attacks like a robot.- The story mode is short. I think i have completed it in 12 hours in casual difficulty.- If you have first Revelations game, do not expect a whole new game from this one. It feels like a remake. (First game is also nice)At this point i read the cons above and realized that they are over powered by pros. That is why i recommend this game. Here are the pros:- The story has more than 1 angle. And if you pay for extra episodes, they reveal more background.- Switching to the other character in story mode is seemless. There is no waiting or a loading screen or etc.- Since there is no co-op story mode, it is nice to experience and change identity and style on realtime basis. you do not always shoot, sometimes you just point where to shoot :)- There are puzzles in the game. Some easy and some hard. You will be satisfied with puzzles.- The horror is mostly because having multiple zombies and creatures converging on you. You will like trapped most of the time.- There is a nice inventory management and weapon customization. You must find weapons parts to upgrade and customize your weapons and this makes it a survivor game. You have limited inventory space and you must use, combine or get rid of some of your items sometimes.- The raid mode is the best aspect of this game. Raid mode is a level based zombie slaughtering mode in a specific map design. Yes there are tons of maps and monsters and even characters from older games (Revelations and RE6) but this actually works for the better if you play this game first. It is like the whole package. But some of them are DLC unfourtanately.- The weapon customization is the same as in story mode in raid mode. Weapons can have 5,4,3 feature slots to enchance. You can find weapons in crates in the missions. Or if you have coins you can buy it on the store. The game is also connected to a website and you can claim prizes in there.- Your characters will be leveling up and missions will require stronger characters as you progress. You have to equip skills for your character and some missions can be easily beaten with a specific skill. For example, if you have multiple enemies coming to you, you can use a freezing bottle and a magnum with incresed damage to frozen enemies. This is a lot of variety.- Weapoen customization parts have plenty of choices. Long range, close range,easy hit, anti recoil, daze, capacity, reload speed, more damage to frozen or burning enemies, shoot 2 or 3 at once, shoot freezing or burning bullets, firing rate, hooming bullets... The list continues. This can make a disavantage of a wepon dissappear. Increase firing rate for you sniper rifle and be awesome :) These parts have levels and you can combine to parts with the same level to make a better part with higher level.- Weapon parts or weapons are earned in missions and there is a jukebox (literaly) to evaluate or sell them. Selling before evaluation gets you more conins but you can sell your parts and weapons in the store afterwards.- Raid mode is hell of a fun with a friend. You can decrease your level (can be incerased again) and take on challenges like playing a mission 30 levels above you.So if you are not a RE veteran and looking for a survival horror game and if you don't have first revelations game, this game is a very nice choice. I think raid mode is better than the first revelations and RE6, and story is above average. Just buyinhg the first episode and jumping into the raid mode with a friend can be very satisfying :)"
,Not Recommended,287290,14662363,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,rutgurt,I bought 2 copies of this game for me and my wife to play COOP as it was advertised.  And there's no COOP.  I'm really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Give me a refund.  To complain that this game has no 'local' Co-Op is an understatement.  The game doesn't even have Online Co-Op as originally advertised! It is 100% single player.Steam better refund me. This is false advertising and a scam.
,Not Recommended,287290,14644259,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KilliasK,"""Assistive co-op play – Players will need to switch between the two characters (Claire/Moira, Barry/Natalia) to overcome the nightmares in either single player mode with an AI partner or offline co-op.Robust Raid mode – In addition to the deep story mode, Raid mode returns with its addicting fast-action combat playable in both single player and two player co-op (offline and online). The new and improved Raid mode features 15 characters and over 200 stages, with a ton of new content such as new stages from previously-released RE titles, a deeper progression mechanic, additional difficulty levels, new weapons and weapon parts, and 4x as many character skills as in Revs 1""There is no offline/online co-op. This is a lie. I want my money back.EDIT:BTW After release is when the description was updated to let readers know that there isn't any co-op and yet this part still remains because they just copy/pasted this discription from another version of the game (which is why they specify the pc version even though this page only sells the pc version).EDIT: 20 March 2015I got my money back. : )"
,Recommended,287290,14729212,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,CondomChewer (Pyro$u$hi),"I have no FPS drops whatsoever.Pros:-An ACTUAL horror game. Not action games like RE6 and RE5. Legit horror.-Great atmosphere-No FPS drops. Dunno what everyone is talking about.-A great sequel to Revelations 1.-Claire is back :)-Zombies are more challenging.Cons:-Moira's behaviour and speech is very awkward. Like weird phrases in situations that shouldn't even happen.-There is the issue of stuttering.-I don't like the idea of episodes since I have to wait for the full game -_- oh well. Telltale games time.-Raid mode does not work for me. Sometimes, it crashes when I deploy. Every time I finish the first level, the game goes into a permanent saving. It goes to the score screen and loads forever. Pity.Pretty sure Capcom will fix these issues so I recommend the game anyhow. It is a good game.Playing with AMD FX-9590 and R 270x."
,Recommended,287290,14925377,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,3RDplayer,"Updated 02/19/2015 after Patch 2.1The latest patch removes every framerate drops and stuttering for the majority of people. I begin the review by telling you what canged in comparison to the games previous performance.PerformanceFramerate drops are completely gone from the game. It should now sit on constant 60FPS on max quality setting (even for hardware compareable to minimum systemrequirements). There is still some stutter at the beginning of some Raid-Mode stages and during the Story-Mode when large areas are loaded. But after that the game runs flawlesly. There are still some issues with infinite uploading & casual Raid-Mode crashes for some people. If you waited for the performance to be fixed before buying the game, then now is the time to buy it without regret!Story-Mode & GameplayYou play Claire Redfield & Barry Burton’s Daughter Moira. You get kidnaped and wake up in a prison cell with a bracelet around your arms that change colour in response to fear. Now it’s on you to escape the place and to find out who did this to you. The all so ever faithful co-op partner system of modern Resident Evil games is in play here.You can switch characters on the fly to solve puzzles, organize your inventory and defeat monsters. Unlike previous games only one of the two characters (Claire) will use weapons, the other one (Moira) uses a flashlight to blind enemies to beat them up with her crowbar or to have Claire take them out with brute firepower. Moira’s flashlight can also detect hidden items in the vicinity by shining the light on it. In between episodes, you can unlock special abilities for use in the campaign with Bonus Points (collected as gemstones ingame) to make it easier for you to survive the horror.In the second half of each of the four story-campaigns you play as the man Barry Burton himself that came to the place to rescue his daughter Moira. He soon meets a small girl (Natalia) that can sense enemies in the environment for Barry to plan his next move. You might think Barry’s part is a pure shooting gallery, but it’s not. Preparation and planning is as important to survive in the Barry/Natalia part of the story as it is for Claire & Moira.Additional Modes can be unlocked after finishing the episodes. Including a Countdown (Speedrun) & Invisible Enemy Mode in which partner swapping is a must to survive. There is actuall a ton of unlockables & achievments besides the usual Secret Documents, Figures, Artworks to unlock.But don’t expect any unique gameplay elements here. Revelations 2 recycles & uses many elements you already found in countless other games of the last 2 years. If you take a closer look you will realize (mostly series veterans) that Capcom seemed to have put together all the good and sometimes bad things from previous games in the series. But you will be glad to find out that the good things overweight. Revelations 2 is a high quality entry of the franchise. Capcom abandoned the action firework style of Resident Evil 6 and created a very atmospheric, sometimes creepy game. Will it scare you? Maybe. But don’t count on that. It’s far from being Resident Evil Remake.Raid-ModeThere might be lots to unlock in the story campaign that can bind players for countless hours & gives completionists a reason to continue playing. But it’s nothing compared to the second incarnation of Revelation 1’s Raid-Mode.You pick from a decent amount of characters that all start from level 1. You then enter the first of up to 200 stages. You will shoot monsters, gather experience & gold. You will loot weapons & weapon modifications. You will finish the stage with up to 5 medals rewarded for sticking to certain requirements and level up the character you used.Weapons & modifications can then be kept or sold for gold which you then use to buy new equipment in a store. Experience points can be spend on various active & passive skills to strengthen the character. But you want more loot, more gold & more experience: So you start the second stage and keep on going until your character is level 100.Level 100 is only the beginning. You keep on playing for more weapons, more skillpoints, gold & modifications. You might even try to use other characters to find out what their special abilities, advantages & disadvantages are. Skills of characters can be unlocked for other characters to use. Sooner or later you will realize that you are addicted! That’s Raid Mode in a nutshell.ConclusionWhy do I recommend the game? Well, mostly for Raid-Mode. Raid-Mode alone is worth the $6 for Episode 1, even though you don’t get all characters, weapons & stages. But you will always have the ability to upgrade to the entire set for $25 for more of it or $40 for everything (including DLC you would need to buy if you get the package for $25).Revelations 2 features an interesting & compelling Story-Mode with well written storyline & cliffhangers that keep you guessing."
,Not Recommended,287290,14644396,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pizzer123,"no offline co-op, frequent frame rate drops. do not recommend."
76561198088318119,Not Recommended,287290,14644603,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,sflccs,"i have played it for about one hour and the choppy framrate is terrible.  capcom has delivered another terrible product and steam has no answers per usual.  sending this one back to the cloud and getting back to Dying Light.  Love every single resident evil game and maybe i will with this one as well, right now it is not playable."
76561197970309777,Not Recommended,287290,14646641,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Andy_G,"It's fun, but I can't recommend it yet for PC.The game runs okay.. but there is some wierd issues with frames dropping pretty dramatically at some points.running the game on an Intel 5820k with 16GBs of DDR4 Memory + GTX 980... the issue isn't game breaking by any means... but it's wierd and it's noticeable.Mouse and Keyboard controls works great. Aiming is fast and intuitive. Switching characters with a quick press of the Tab key is great.The other BIG, MAJOR issue I have is the lack of any option for Co-Op for the campaign... Neither offline or Online Coop is available for the campaign mode. According to Capcom, they will add online Coop for the Raid mode at a later date.This is incredibly dissapointing and frustrating as the console versions featur3e split-screen coop for the campaign. I completely fail to see why capcom decided to exclude this very basic feature.It is somewhat understandable in thinking that split-screen coop is not common in PC games... but Steam Boxes are becoming a thing. As well as many people who now play on 27"" Monitors and above.If you are looking to only play the game as a single player experience... then once they fix some of the wierd technical issues with the frame-dropping, I can more readily recommend the game. Even with the issue, it's not game breaking and might be okay for most people...But otherwise, I recommend buying it on console over the PC version... as those versions have more features.To Capcom: Please add offline Coop for the campaign... at the VERY LEAST. Perhaps add the ability for a second player to join in with a controller, while the primary player plays with mouse and keyboard. Online or Local Network Coop would be great too.Just do anything to add CooP for the campaign on the PC version in some form or another and I'll be satisfied."
,Not Recommended,287290,14670512,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cra0kalo,"Capcom: ""Assistive co-op play – Players will need to switch between the two characters (Claire/Moira, Barry/Natalia) to overcome the nightmares in either single player mode with an AI partner or offline co-op.""Game releases....Capcom now: ""The PC version doesnotsupport offline co-op play in the Campaign or Raid Mode.""Stay away from this title for a while guys and girls!"
,Recommended,287290,18831597,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:CAPCOMPublishers:CAPCOMInitial release:Feb 2015Genre:Action, Adventure, TPS, Horror, Episodic#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationI haven't touched anything even remotely having something to do with the Umbrella corporation since Resident Evil 4 on GCN. Which I had to look up (2005) ♥♥♥♥ I'm old.Anyways, I really like this game! I wasn't expecting much from it honestly. The co-op that isn't co-op threw me for a loop (although you can play it in real co-op) I've never gotten along with myself so well.You play as either Claire Redfield and Moira Burton or Barry Burton and Natalia Korda.. Each taking on similar roles. Claire and Barry are sort of the damage dealers, the arsenal, the defender. While Moira and Natalia take on a more passive role. Moira has a flashlight that can be focused not unlike Alan Wake might do to temporarily stun enemies. Natalia has a more subtle and possibly supernatural ability in which she can possibly smell the enemies even through walls. Additionally she can see the weak spots that are hidden on certain enemies. Moira and Natalia both use melee weapons as a primary attack different from their partners. This allows for what are essentially stomp attacks or finishing moves on downed enemies.The game is broken into episodes of varying length. Mostly around 2 hours each. The third seemingly longer than the others. There are also some bonus episodes that take place 'during' the main campaign but were skipped, likely for pacing reasons. But are enjoyable after the fact.I had initially worried that Resident Evil had changed too much. Surely someone would force me to stick a gem into socket or place a strange necklace at the foot of a statue of something of the like to unlock a door. And? I was not disappointed.  The puzzles are not difficult by any stretch though they remain satisfying to solve. There are also plenty of jump scares as well. Though there are a number less than I would expect as Natalia is rather up front about her abilities.So lets see, the puzzles are the same. What about inventory management? That’s here too, though its not a Tetris game like in 4, just basic blocks that stack on similar items. However you can still definitely play the combine stuff with other junk and pass it in between partners game to make more room for new items.There are some really tense sequences that I really enjoyed where the, lets call them the passive partner must climb over obstacles, open a gate while being swarmed and the, lets call them the more aggressively minded partner is forced to protect them while they clear the obstacle in the others way. I played this single player and found the moments very engaging. The AI did not get in the way and in fact upon upgrading some abilities became very reliable.Speaking of upgrades, aside from gun parts found throughout the environments which can be applied to your weapons at an upgrade bench. You also earn a currency called BP which can be used in between episodes to upgrade things like distance traveled over an evade or effectiveness of focusing Moira's flashlight.There is also a RAID mode, which more or less is a horde mode. Which has everything you'd expect it to have. Multiple characters, leveling of those characters, different guns, all sorts of unlocks, and different outfits. I may sound dismissive of this mode, its great, especially for the amount of gameplay it grants you for the price. I just don't find it particularly engaging long term but its certainly worth a few rounds.I rather enjoyed this game and its gotten me back into Resident Evil as a whole. Even horror games in general, I guess this is more action. All games are sort of survival. Hmm, it seems I've derailed again. This is a really fun game. Try the first episode if your skeptical. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,287290,14970652,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Oscar_Lovos,This game in two words:The best.Why?-It has a great story campaign.-It has horror.-You should save ammo.-Great horror sounds and music.-Great graphics.-Raid mode (There are some issues but there are official patches now.)This game is going to remind you the first RE games.
76561198097135831,Recommended,287290,23033422,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eddragon,"First things first, I would only suggest getting the big bundle for this game otherwise you are just wasting money.Alright so this is great bundle of resident evil goodness. Much better then RE5 and RE6 unless you were looking for a really good coop experience then RE 5 would be better I suppose. As a pure resident evil game its the best since RE4. It is nowhere near as good as RE4 but RE4 is one of my favorite games of all times so thats not really a black mark on this one.For the price you get alot of content. There is an absolutly awesome raid mode that you can spend at least 100 hours in just completing all the different missions and it is a ton of fun.The single player is also very good. The atmosphere is pretty nice and the enemy designs are cool and creepy. Levels are a bit too linear, but not overly so. Coop is in this game as well though you can only play single player locally and only one person gets to shoot things which is pretty lame imo. The single player will last around 10 - 12 hours but considering you get the raid mode and a beefy single player the 30 price is well worth it for this great game.For RE fans this is a must buy. For those looking for a decent bloody shooter with alot of content and good gameplay this is a good choice for you as well."
,Recommended,287290,14835297,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RetriButioN,"WARNING:At the time of writing this review, the game has been so terribly optimized that even the strongest GPUs could hardly maintain a stable FPS (Utterly unplayable on any system even close to minimum requirements). This is most likely the cause of so many negative reviews about the game:Technical problems. However, I will only focus on the game itself in this review.Pros (+8):+ Survival Horror done right+ RAID Mode is really fun, much better than Mercenaries.+ Story is really interesting and atmosphere is quite intense.+ Closer to RE roots than the other latest RE titles (RE6, Rev1, etc.)+ Decisions made on Clarie's part carry over to Barry's side of the story.+ Inventory Management and Item Combining system are really extensive.+ Great Soundtrack, even though it's actually a remix of older RE soundtracks.+ Microtransactions are 100% optional, and there's usually no reason to spend real money.Cons(-4):- Elite Enemy visual effects look cheap and outdated.- Most RAID mode Missions are predictable with no random spawns.- Most of the RAID stages (maps) are literally copy-pasted from RE6.- Invisible Enemy mode isn't challenging enough, despite being the hardest mode.Gameplay = 7.5/10;Audio = 8.5/10;Visuals = 7/10;Story = 9/10Verdict: 8/10 - GoodI would highly recommend this game (after the performance issues have been fixed, of course) to all Resident Evil and/or Survival Horror fans. This game is definitely worth playing."
,Not Recommended,287290,14655874,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Panda,"I bought this game for a coop experience, because I was promised one.This doesn't seem like its ever going to happen."
76561198082918293,Not Recommended,287290,14651067,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The-Skull-Will-Conquer,"Ok really wanted to enjoy this but until they do something about the frame rate issues how the hell can i ??????I meet more than even the recommended specs and at times Claire moves like she should and then she all of a sudden pauses and then runs like a complete mad woman for 3 seconds and then back to normal!!!!!!!!Shortest review i have ever done and i will say that until they patch this and make it playable (as its unplayable in this state) it is one i would not reccomend to anyone and to be honest its one you should avoid FACT!!!!!JUST TO POINT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!After playing through the first part and experiencing nothing but framerate issues and stuttering i got to the point in the game where you play as Barry,Now why is it that the game runs really well from here on in but doesnt play well in the first opening chapter????????????No matter what there must be some issues with the game as it runs well at some points and not at others - this can only mean one thing,the game needs some work and needs patching.(ALSO THE OWNERS OF THE PS4 VERSION ARE REPORTING ISSUES WITH FRAMERATE AND STUTTERING AS WELL SO THE PROBLEM SEEMS TO BE MORE WIDE-SPREAD THAN IT FIRST APPEARED)"
76561198029736632,Not Recommended,287290,14648230,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,§Teras§,"I've played for 15 minutes and it didn't need more to see that this is a lousy port, and at this state, it doesn't deserve your money!In some areas, the frame rate is smooth, but in others, it gets choppy as hell. The game has its charms, but nothing that would explain a GTX 970 having massive drops of 120 to 40 frames. The control scheme is bad and the mouse acceleration is awful. The animations feel sluggish and sometimes, broken. You simply can't aim straight, even if your life depended on it (oh, wait, it does.).Microtransactions in a Resident Evil Game? Oh, you've done it, Capcom. Get your sh*t together, ffs! Also, no co-op integration so far.Seriously, do not buy this game at this state. It's not worth it!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14657409,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Volg Shan,Well raid mod is fun but still I bought this game to play co op with a friend. Seeing how capcom waited to post no co op play on pc way after it released and everyone bought i think capcom should us some compensation for this lovely illegal practice. It also dissapoints me at how bad this port is but im more angry at the false advertising.EDIT: well they put in local co op and fixed the frame rate but still as they game was released in such a awfull state i will not thumbs up this game because its not okay to release a game in the way they did. Sorry capcom maybe you will do better next time.
,Not Recommended,287290,14680624,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BridgetFisher,"Would give Capcom credit that they could release a game for PC in 2015, Its no revelation that basic computer skills elude them.  The same bugs present in RE HD remake are the same bugs in Resident Evil Revelations 2, from the mouse cursor stuck on the screen when using a controller to the game disabling the computers volume control.Capcom worked hard on RE6 polishing it to work on PC at launch with few to no bugs to get their reputation back in the PC community since the disaster that originally was RE4 on PC.  Their street cred today is trashed on PC once again.  Past remakes like RE4 were handled by outside studios and done very well with regular updates compared to the titles actually made in house at Capcom.  Outside companies make better RE games than Capcom that are less buggy, that is just sad for our beloved Capcom.Rev2 is plagued with bugs to stuttering and even an in game cash shop implemented in the worst way.  Every time you die in raid mode your greeted with a popup asking to buy crystals to revive.  Storage space for items requires buying it via dlc.  These are things that could have been easily included.  Imagine if in Skyrim for each additional backpack slot you had to buy it with an in game cash shop.   That strategy is fine for a F2P game but not a retail game that people already bought.    The raid mode is nothing new at all, its just sections from RE6 with monsters, that is all it is.  So if a person owns RE6 they basically dont even need this game.  Its really the same as any advertising, if there is a ad banner on a webpage we dont have to click it. if we see a coke commercial on TV we dont have to go buy coke, its optional. Same in this game, an ad pops up advertising their life crystals to continue a basic feature in any other game EVERY TIME you die in raid mode.Some claim the popups are not ads just an option. ""Optional the choice of a new generation!""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lgLYGBbDNsRevelations 2 introduces a new way of collecting item.  This item when collected while playing the game BLOCKS the entire screen with a popup telling you about the item.  No pausing the game or anything you could have monsters ready to attack but here is this attention ho of an item taking up the entire screen.  Albums are so selfish, but their not done yet hogging the spotlight.  At the end of every match again each album takes up an entire screen to get more attention that you have to click through.  If that isnt enough the album still isnt yours, oh no we got a long way to go before you can use that item you found way back in the game.  Now you go to a ""jukebox"", select the album then confirm the selection then you must see the item then you go to your character where you can finally equip the item.  What a selfish item.  Nukes can be launched using launch codes with less steps then it takes to obtain and use an album.  And if that isnt enough you have to go through that entire process for each album individually, and there are 3-4 per raid.How most gamers feel about the inividual who implemented the current version of the album feature in the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Rc6mr8zjEEThe short stories are very good, worth picking up the set.   Fun characters like fan favorite Beary are finally playable which is nice.  New characters like Moira are awesome.  Jill known for her short skirt and devil may care attitude was the ridiculous character who for no reason looked like a super model in a  zombie apocalypse, its what made the game cheesy in that fun way.  In this game her character model looks like one of those after pics from meth addiction or any average peasant in skyrim.  This is odd because her looks originally came from a digital scan of real life model and now world famous actress Julia Voth who is not only awesome for being the voice and face of Jill but also as Trixie in the cinematic masterpiece that revolutionized modern film making known as ♥♥♥♥♥Slap, which is known among many circles as one of the greatest movies ever made.  Anyone who hasnt seen ♥♥♥♥♥ Slap needs to party on and hasnt lived and needs to complete their life by putting it on their bucket list.(This abomination of a game will become a -1million/10 if ANY boss or sub boss is a gelatinous cube.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4tmzwrdTmYRE fans:  8/10  Value: 19.99Non RE fans:  4/10  Value:  $9.99"
,Recommended,287290,32922458,Posted: 28 June,all,Sneikk,Fantastic episode...and it's only 79 cents.. so yeah
76561198031645101,Recommended,287290,18024251,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sherry 976 ®,"Very good game but with technical deficiencies.Pros:Atmosphere: 9/10Campaign: 9/10   (Well thought out and with love of the game developed)Characters: 8/10  (The idea with the little Natalia as a character, I think it's great)Motivation / Replayability: 9/10Gameplay/Control: 8/10English voices: 8/10Price-performance ratio: 9/10Cons:1. Dips in the frame rate in Raid mode and after loading operations in the campaign. ""On my PC""2. The graphic partially builds up too late. Example: The details of a tree in Barry campaign change only when one is very close to the tree. ""On my PC"""
,Recommended,287290,14732849,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,b o p e e p,"I do have some frame issues but was able to fix it (those with NVIDIA make sure to add this game to the NVDIA 3D settings!). I still have some problems in a few sections of the game and some missions in raid mode but it's still playable. Another thing to point out is I can't seem to change my mouse sensitivity?? Am I just overlooking it..or nah? Besides those slight annoyances I would recommend this to anyone who can look past these minor issues and who enjoy Resident Evil in general. Story line is great and I'm loving the whole switching between characters as well, it keeps things interesting! I'm ready for the next episode!  BRING ITTTTTT."
76561198034369294,Recommended,287290,14943568,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aquamatey,"This game exceeded any expectations I might've had for it, based either on Resident Evil: Revelations 1, or the entire Resident Evil franchise. I didn't have the highest hopes, but I was also really looking forward to playing it. The episodic release provided a nice structure to give me a chance to come up with my own theories about what was going on, while remaining spoiler-free. It was fantastic to experience the story as it unfolded. If you're a big fan of past Resident Evil games, you'll recognize a ton of references scattered throughout the game, paying a nice homage to the game's predecessors and making some ties to previous games in the series that you might not have expected. The game does a great job at connecting other games in the franchise with in-game dialogue, text files, and secret unlockable files - and I've still just scratched the surface on those.If you do compare it to Revelations 1, or if you have played that game and are on the fence about this one: the only thing I really can say is that Revelations 2 achieves everything that Revelations 1 did not. The story presentation, dialogue, and writing were all phenomenal. The voice direction worked beautifully. It really feels like with this game, the spinoff series could very well be a successful standalone experience.For extra content - there are two bonus episodes (campaign), as well as three difficulties for the normal campaign, and two separate bonus campaign modes: Countdown, where you race against the clock, earning bonus time as you progress through the episode; and Invisible Enemy, a throwback to REmake where the enemies you face are all invisible, until revealed by Natalia or Moira's support abilities, or when you successfully attack them. On top of that, Raid Mode makes a very big return with a vastly improved structure, the introduction of Skills, and over 140 stages, featuring familiar enemies from other recent Resident Evil titles. There's also a nice cast of playable characters, all with their own unique skill-sets, and they each add their own kind of variation to the way you can play the game to keep things interesting in the long haul.This game gets a huge thumbs up from me."
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,287290,14649423,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mothra,"First impression: a complete failure.At once alerted the Japanese hieroglyphs at the beginning of the game.Raid mode does not work, and the characters look like cheap anime.The game is only for incorrigible fans of the series.Paying for it a dollar!))))))))"
76561198161191135,Recommended,287290,30549632,Posted: 16 March,all,Ryu Fireheart,"One of the best Resident Evil Games. The Revelations series is a nice blend of classic Resident Evil Games (like 1,2,3) with the fast paced gameplay of the 2nd generation (4,5,6).Pros:Story (no spoilers here...).Soundtrack (very well made horror/solitude like tracks, that do look a bit like RE classics)Huge degree of replay value (many unlockable stuff).Raid Mode (An arcade mode with RPG like elements and very adictive...).Nice gunshot sounds (my personal opinion...).The campaign has a bit of horror atmosphere (still not heavy like Resident Evil 1, 2, 3 and 7).Cons:Short Campaign... (not that much, see con #4 for more details)Its not the best port... Not very optimized to PC.Grinding for powerful guns and parts on Raid Mode gets VERY tedious (only if you want to participate in online events, for normal missions it's not a big issue).Lack of decent puzzles or/and backtracking from classic games."
,Recommended,287290,23461071,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,LinkOpalMM,"I heard a lot of bad or mixed reviews about this game. I played this game fully on PS3 and bought it again for PC. IMO, this is the best RE game since RE4, CV or RE1make or RE0. I enjoyed this game so much and I recommend this game to anyone who is an RE fan. Solid horror, solid gameplay, graphics are pretty good, story has a few plot holes here and there. Other than that, this game is the best one of current REs. Also, the dialogue is cheesy, just like old RE fashion.One last thing, if you ever decide to get this game on PC, get this on bundle with every DLC that goes with it. Buying episode by episode is gonna cost you more than what it's worth. You may get it on sale less than 30 or 25 at least."
,Recommended,287290,27922067,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,N7Legion,"Aside from the FPS issues on some parts (especially in the part where you have to activate the power for the crane on Barry Episode 1), this game is fun, challenging and overall neat. It's just another generic shooter with a cliche story which you have to shoot your way through towards the villain.Sadly, there is no online co-op in the campaign, but only in ""Raid Mode"". And since the game was out for years, no one is really playing the game right now, so you won't see any people to join/come on Raid Mode."
,Recommended,287290,29446114,Posted: 23 January,all,Konachibi,"Resident Evil games are tough to write reviews for without drawing comparisons with previous Resident Evil titles, and so if someone were to ask me what Revelations 2 is like, I'd describe it as Resident Evil: Code Veronica wearing the skin of Resident Evil 4, with a dash of Resident Evil Zero thrown into the mix.So let's clear one thing up to begin with, Revelations 2 is the best Resident Evil title since Resident Evil 4.  It's not got ridiculous areas, bright sunlight and african tribesmen trying to spook you like Resident Evil 5 and it's non-sensical and stupid plot with a total lack of horror.  It's not an over-the-top action-fest with a terrible plot, forgettable characters and balls the wall pacing like Resident Evil 6.  What it does have is some decent horror atmosphere, interesting enemies and monsters that can and will often take you by surprise, some cool mechanics surrounding the two characters you control and it's not too bad to look at either.Revelations 2 can most likely be considered the swan song of the Resi 4-esque games of the series, with Resident Evil 7 being shown as what appears to be an attempt at putting a foot into the door of the already overcrowded first person indie horror games that infests Steam as so many other PC marketplaces, but as a final battlecry before giving up and copying what everyone else is doing, Revelations 2 takes the best of all the Resi games since 4 and slaps them all together into a rather enjoyable experience.The other plus is that you get to play as Barry Burton, who hasn't really shown his face in a Resi game since Resident Evil: Gaiden on the Game Boy Colour, and it's nice to see him as one of the stars of a fully-fledged 3D Resident Evil title for once.And for the finale, Raid mode has returned, and it's super fun.  Running around picking up loot, improving weapons, blowing monjsters away all to a super awesome soundtrack, it could have been a release all on it's own, but to get it coupled with the main game makes the entire thing truly worth the money.As someone who normally can't stomach Resident Evil games too much, and as someone who normally HATES zombie games because of them stagnating the game market and lacking all originality, I can actually say this game is really good, and I do recommend it to long-time fans of the series, or people who just want a cool and spooky shooter."
76561198075041599,Recommended,287290,18800380,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Uncle Grimbo,"Barry Burton returns and the ""Jill sandwich"" joke returns along with him, good to see capcom remembers."
,Recommended,287290,14770525,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MrDucky,"This game is a little bittersweet for me. But it also lends hope for the series.I should start off by saying I really enjoyed RE:REV1. It had, at least for me, good horror, rewarding gameplay, and replayability. Both of the Revelations games are a stark departure from the usual RE formula, and Revelations 2 departs from its predecessor just as much. Returning themes are the gun customizations and BP. That’s ... about it I think.I've played through the first two episodes so far and impressions are a little mixed. We'll start with the pros for those without much patience;- Claire looks like an ACTUAL women. REV1 was mostly you staring at the tight♥♥♥♥♥of Jill from third person. Fan service, really. But Claire is realistic and I like her much more for that.- You get about 2 hours of gameplay for 6 bucks. I think that's fine for just one play through.- If you grew up with this series or played and liked the original REs, there are a few references and fan services for you. Including sandwiches.-Scavenging is key. I thoroughly enjoyed the Metro series for it's rewarding scavenging and REV2 usually delivers on that.- I like the split story telling between the two groups. And each side has their own sort of style of gameplay. Both are potentially fun for me.- Aside from the film grain, the game looks really good. It's more of a gritty and realistic take. Through, I have preferred to sort of style that RE4 and 5 had graphics wise.- I just can't seem to get enough of Barry's voice actor ... or Barry himself for that matter.-It seems like Revelations is becoming REs proving grounds to experiment. That lends a lot of hope for the atrocity that was RE6. I enjoyed RE6 a lot, actually, but it was a huge let down from RE. If REV2 didn't have the RE name, I would be fooled in to thinking it's an entirely different franchise. It seems to take a lot of inspiration from The Evil Within and even the Metro series. The enemies and settings really remind me of The Evil Within and I'm pretty sure one of the earlier heavy enemies is a subtle reference to Pyramid Head. I hope they go on to maintain a sort of main series and then a sub series in the Revelations' vein. That way if they want to cram as much Quintin Tarentino-y action in to a game as they can like in RE6, the rest of us can still enjoy a sub series.- Adding on to the previous point, this game is cheap. Despite having the small price tag, this is a full game. Like I said, this is probably their place to experiment and the lower price tag sends me the message that they understand this isn't meant to a super Triple A game. It's a side story to add on to the series. So with that lower expectation I was left marginally surprised, in a good way.And now for the cons;- Killing enemies no longer gives you ammo. This is practically a deal breaker for me. One of the things I loved most about RE4,5, and REV1 was that I could wean ammo from enemies. I liked playing through once with difficulty, then playing through a few more times to grind ammo and just enjoy having that surplus to get my revenge on the harder bosses or enemies. You might sort of do this in Raid Mode but it's just not the same for me.- There is an incredibly annoying film grain overlay. The Evil Within also had this and I hate it here just as much as I did there. I can't seem to find an option to turn it off, unfortunately. I'm sure they thought this would add to the ambiance but it just becomes distracting. Some may like it and many probably won't notice it as much as I do, though.- This game acts like a very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥console port. Enemy path-finding AIs get tripped up, a few graphical bugs, desynced audio on some cutscenes. and unresponsive partners (Very reminiscent of Sheva) really break any immersion you manage to achieve.- This might be because I'm bad shot and play with a gampad (I usually don't use controllers), but the game can sometimes go beyond hectic and just become unfair or annoying. Ammo never seems to last or be enough. In my experience, I seemed to run out of ammo at the worst possible times. But, again, could just be me.- I'm not too sure I like the episodic format. This is just personal taste. On the bright side, if you are very short on cash you can spread the cost of the game out and it does a good job of bringing you back for the next episode. And, you could just wait until all the episodes are out, buy the bundle, and play it all through.All in all you can only end up wasting 6 bucks if you give the first episode a try. And despite the quirks it has, I've ended up liking it. It's a pretty innocuous investment and if you like it you can get the other episodes when they come out or just wait until they're all out and buy the bundle."
76561198088374649,Recommended,287290,14772972,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AlbertWeskerx,I love this game!MY FPS is fine! They are trying to fix it for the others which is great!Also I love this new raid mode its so funSplit screen runs really nice a lot better then playing single player that is for sure.
,Recommended,287290,14879107,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Saint Satan,First Episode:  This is pretty okaySecond Episode:  Niccce.  It's betting better.Third Episode: THIS IS RESIDENT EVILFourth Episode: WATTTTT9/10 - better than the first Revelations and the best Resident Evil game in many many years.PS:  Play on the harder mode.
76561198120048779,Recommended,287290,14921140,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Gaizel,"Great. It's more like resident evil I know. Horror, puzzle, story that's it!!. nice idea on teh story that took the same place but different time. But I prefer co-op game mode to play with friend in campaign but it's ok.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,287290,31303967,Posted: 22 April,all,Pointnclickster,"Dear Resident Evil 2,I have loved you for many years. Though many Resident Evil games have come after you, they were but a fleeting moment of enjoyment before I swore again that no one could rival you. Well, I'm sorry to say that I've met a game. While you will always own a big part of my survival horror heart, it is not completely yours any longer.With fond thoughts always, PointnclicksterClaire, I have missed you! You are now older and wiser and helping Barry Burton's daughter survive and teaching her what it is to be a great young RE hero just like you were 19 years ago!Resident Evil: Revelations 2 is probably one the most overlooked RE games. Each main entry of the Resident Evil has its own fanbase and critique's corner, but I never saw much discussion about this one. This game needs more press. I feel that this is Capcom's offering to the lovers of the original trilogy. The story fits quite nicely between RE5 and RE6.Where to begin? Lets get the technical out of the way. The gameplay between the various heroes is awesome! Great AI! Claire and Barry are partnered with the most unlikely of partners, especially Barry. The combat is fun as you play off your partner for combos. The menu systems were very straight forward and a lot of things we loved from the originals were back: limited inventory, the ability to combine items to create secondary weapons. I loved finding little holding packs. The soundtrack was exciting but mostly very eerie. I felt the game was wonderful to look at. The locales....oh my goodness they were disturbing at times. I felt that Capcom thought, ""Hey, lets see what Konami did with its well known psychological horror franchise ;) and see what we can incorporate!"". There were times when I wondered if my RE heroes had accidentally dropped into a Silent Hill backdrop. I also saw glimpses of Outlast and Saw, in terms of setting. The settings for me at least, really moved this game from B horror camp to creepy disturbing horror, which I never associate with Resident Evil.While the story is good, creepy, and disturbing, this game is all about the characters. If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times, ""Claire, you have been missed! Why don't we see more of you?!"". She has grown up a lot since RE2 and Code: Veronica. She is partnered with young Moira Burton, whom I believe could be the Claire Redfield of this generation. Moira has attitude and a mouth that goes with it. Her one liners touched with profanity are hilarious and are touched with RE memorableness. While Claire has the gun, Moira likes to bash stuff with her crowbar ( loved playing as Moira). Barry really shines in this game. In previous titles he is known for his famous one liners. Here, he is much more fleshed out. He is looking for his daughter Moira and is accompanied by Natalia. Natalia is a walking cliche: young girl with dark hair that has powers of knowing when enemies are around. The nice change is that Natalia isn't evil, which makes her slightly less creepy. She is a great help to Barry in helping spot enemies. The relationship that develops between Barry and Natalia really got me in the parent feels. It's a beautiful relationship that grows as the game progresses.The delivery of this game is great on a few levels. First, the episodic nature and the finding of treasures and easter eggs ups the replayability, since achieving certain goals unlocks goodies like guns, or outfits, or character perks. Yes, there is a character/ability tree to improve your characters! Also the Claire/Moira campaign happens6 monthsbefore the Barry/Natasha campaign, so seeing the decay of the various settings is really neat. There are puzzles! They are not difficult but it was nice to see some return to the original trilogy. There are two endings! I intend to go back for the good ending since the bad ending is very very pessimistic.Amidst RE 4,5, and 6, Revelations 2 seeks to say, ""Fans of the originals, we have not forgotten you."" This game was a nice return to survival horror. This game knows its roots, and it honors it accordingly from the characters to the script. It took it beyond Resident Evil as far as setting and aesthetics. For me, this was the perfect modern Resident Evil game."
,Not Recommended,287290,14662097,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,annochan,Framerate issue and Crash all the time can play though. Please Fix!
,Recommended,287290,15173969,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Matt Eastwood,"Ok after playing all the Resident Evils and been a life long fan of the series from Resident Evil one to Code Veronica, here is my short review.* The campaign is brilliant, the story rivals that of any other Resident Evil in my opinion.* The characters are well designed and funny at times* The implementaion of been able to switch between two characters works like a charm and I'd like to see this in all    future Resident Evils.* The skill system is good and keeps the game nicely varied.* The music fits the game nicely.* Raid mode adds tons more hours of gameplay and characters, with cool skills, weapons and goodies etc.I would reccomend this game to all Survival Horror and Resident Evil fans, Its a big 9 out of 10 from the Queke 8-)Moira , "" Nice *********** emergency exit """
,Recommended,287290,15169238,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"Finally, after 7 patches, and the release of all 4 episodes (and the 2 bonus episodes), I am ready to change my original negative review and recommend it. That said, I still have complaints, most notably the microtransactions present for Raid Mode, but that aside, the game is quite good. I am also still unsatisfied with how long it took before multiplayer was implemented (still waiting on multiplayer for the campaign), and the fact that the game was released episodically. That said, at least we now have everything here, which is great. Capcom has also fixed a lot of the FPS, stuttering, and crashes which plagued me on release, so bonus points there too.A pretty big fan of Resident Evil, if not all Horror games, I greatly enjoyed the gameplay and setting of Resident Evil Revelations. It was good to see the return of Barry and Claire, though I wouldn't have minded seeing more Jill and Ada. Staying true to its history of strong co-op elements, Revelations 2 builds upon this extensively. Whereas in previous Resident Evil games, including the first Revelations, you merely fought with 2 characters, in this one, co-operation between your two characters (Claire and Moira, and Barry and Natalia) is paramount, and the different mechanics of the two characters and how they interact is the standout feature of this game. Forcing you to switch between the two to progress, and with a slew of now customary puzzles, the campaign is solid. But it is in Raid Mode that Revelations 2 truly shines. Having greatly enjoyed the freedom provided by Raid Mode in the first Revelations, I eagerly anticipated the second iteration, and once I could finally play it, I was not disappointed (except for the microtransactions). Great fun, and with multiple characters, weapons, and skills, Raid Mode offers virtually endless replayability. The genuine atmospheric survival horror, and the soundtrack complement the gameplay to produce a worthy addition to the Resident Evil franchise.In contrast though, the graphics, particularly of the enemies, looks a bit sub-par. The environments and locations look great... but the enemies... slightly less so. While Raid Mode is the best part of the game, microtransactions included, it is seriously grindy, especially if you want to unlock everything. Each character needs to be leveled up separately, and you, as the player, also have a separate EXP system as well. Then there are the skills and in-game cash you need to acquire too. That said, the game is still great fun."
,Recommended,287290,15003760,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ramiCZ,"So finally I can make a review of this game. Leaving aside the terrible optimalization and some weird bugs (especially from the beginning) this game is a really nice looking survival horror with lots of content. You know what I mean :) The costumes, skills, RAID mode , lots of achievements, replayability andRE.NETwith awards and online events.I grew up on the first RE so actually I am a fan of RE1-3 series but this game is a great deal which contains both survival horror with a limited ammo and nice action - RE4 like :)A must-have stuff! 90/100"
,Recommended,287290,14663606,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Killstreak,"Just completed the first episode and man! They finally listen! Well, still not perfect especially in terms of gunplay and graphics and... I don't know about you guys with a great specs having a same issues but the fps drop is completely horrible.... Don't have any problem with the Raid Mode though. Still gives me a goose bumps and it's nice to finally see some old faces..... With a shocking cliffhanger and a good gameplay, I can only ask for Episodes 2!Update after Eps 2 & 3I can only say nice job! 2 & 3 really brings the survival horror taste back. Yet still rough around the edges though. The Stuttering and Fps drop is gone(ish) which is good(ish) but yea still sometimes bother me. I do hope they really fix it in the finale. Please.... So far this game is really great and promising..... Don't ruin it with the technical issues, Capcom.Update after Patch 2.1The FPS drops are completely gone, both in Raid and Campaign. Yes still somehow stutter but only for like 2-3 seconds. Otherwise, it works flawlesly. So now I'm 100% recommend this game!"
76561198031220208,Not Recommended,287290,14654949,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,blackwolf018,Honestly speaking i cant even really play this game for one.  After the opening movie comes on the game gets stuck on the loading screen at a point where im assuming the gameplay actually starts.  This is not a good look capcom because if i can run AC unity and Dying Light at max settings flawlessly there should be no reason that i should have any problems with this game......get your stuff together and patch this mess capcom.
,Recommended,287290,14894432,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Zealot Tormunds,"EDIT... again:Capcom fixed the perfomance, now I can 100% recommend this game.I really liked episode one and two. There are some plot twist and the story in general is interesting.The graphics are 2009-ish, but that shouldn't be a problem. The music is pretty cool, and the gameplay is fun. I'm glad a patch to fix the perfomance was released, because it was almost unplayable."
,Not Recommended,287290,14670310,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,KaZoMa (Youmacon),"Till there is a patch for the horrible framerate. As Resident evil Fan, I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. I've met the system requirements for this game, yet the game can't be play. This game is POORLY optimized, and a horrible practice on capcom's part. You're a huge gaming company, act like it. This is an inferior product comparing to other the platforms then on PC. These problems should of have been dealt with before release.TLTR; I can't push myself to play this game any further till the problems are resolve. If not, you have lost a long time customer."
,Recommended,287290,21451525,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Wolfie,"It's a great story ~ good graphics ~ decent performance ~ but end game is raid mode and raid mode end game is basically ~ Crouching Sniper, Hidden bottles ~ can't be tactical with a rainbow assault rifle when a lame lvl95 sniper rifle can kill in 2 shots or less. Let's just hope they stop making remakes and just make a new resi installment"
76561197964866568,Recommended,287290,14890173,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"Based on the first 3 episodes and over 28h spent on the game so far, I must say that Resident Evil Revelations 2 is a surprisingly good title.I say that, because it was kind of obvious to me, that this title is only for the hardcore RE fans out there, but after playing both the campaign and the bonus Raid Mode, I see that it is way more than the Revelations 1 ever was.Instead of a cheap port, we got something between that spin-off and an AAA title like Resident Evil 6.In places it feels like it had a smaller budget, but quite often I find myself to like it more than RE6. It is much less chaotic, the story makes sense, and makes you more invested in it.Gameplay is still action based (despite people claiming otherwise), but the different playable characters do give a change of pace and style of gameplay. In both cases though, it is darker and a little bit more scarrier than the latest RE titles that we were given. And that is a step in right direction!Episodic content is a weird marketing choice for me - a RE fan - but perhaps it is a smart move if they want to bring in some new blood. You don't risk much if you buy the first episode, and it's quality may positively surprise you.I'd give the game 8/10 + I see a lot of potention for Revelations 3 or more episodes. If they were to give us the same quality, I wouldn't hesitate for a second.Game is based on RE6 engine, so maybe it has an easier start, because I actually like it more than the RE6.I can imagine better graphics, especially some models (the cars...) but most of the stuff looks good enough (especially character models), which you can't say about the old REV1. Bland rooms and corridors are no more, but I wish that I will live long enough to see RE game on Unreal Engine...Also keep in mind, that many things have been patched already, with future patches planned, so I hope that the mixed reviews will soon change into positive ones. :)"
76561198070004058,Not Recommended,287290,14661077,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ж||Lεgεnđ||ж,♥♥♥♥ Lier!!!Before Tag Showing CO-OP & MULTI PLYER!!!After The Game Release Changed The Tag To SINGLE PLYER!!!!WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥???
76561198031190155,Recommended,287290,30574817,Posted: 17 March,all,Zenuge,"Resident Evil is a game, where you kill people for being a little bit different.Honestly though, probably the most well done resident evil game since the remake. The episodic nature put me off so it took me awhile to get around to it, but now that I have I heartily recommend it. Great level design, final boss, and simple fun.On the minus side, cheap, cheap at times. I had an enemy that can one shot you spawn on Barry once, instant K.O. Also that one boss fight in a space which amounts to a large living room can go eff itself.The thing I liked most about the game is how enemies actually die from a few hits, In RE4 it takes like, ten torso shots to drop someone, and the game is fond of bum rushing you, making you panic and scatter like a cockaroach. Here when that happens it's five head shots for three dudes and the pack is done, meaning you're not constantly running away from fights or switching out the ol shotty. On the whole, an easier resident evil game, a nice break from all the action packed tomfoolery that's been going around.Also, one last point about difficult, Moria can a) hit multiple enemies at once b) easily stun them and c) regenerates all her health if she hasn't taken damage in like, 3 seconds. Once you figure this out the difficulty drops majorly.Still, the game does have some pleasant surprises depending on how you play it, and the father/daughter story-line actually works well. Like, really well. Did someone from outside Capcom write the plot?"
,Recommended,287290,25003003,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TJX295,"Great third-person shooter gameplay. The campaign is good and The Struggle DLC is great. Little Miss DLC is terrible.Raid Mode is where this game truly shines. Tons of missions, plenty of characters to unlock and new guns to loot. Special enemy types such as ice, metal, super small, and super fast. Some of the events (Daily and Monthly) are interesting as well with varying challenges and missions. In the hub of Raid Mode you can upgrade guns with modules, as well as buy weapons and modules at the level of your highest character. You can also combine modules for better results. The best part about raid mode is that both players can use a full arsenal of weapons instead of one player having a crowbar and flashlight etc.Raid mode is fantastic. It's online or local co-op. The campaign is ONLY local co-op though. If you like any of the recent Resident Evils then this game is for you."
,Recommended,287290,33718347,Posted: 22 July,all,beep boop what is love,"resident evil has always been increasingly silly in tone. it started out sober enough with the first game, where the most outrageous thing you could expect was the predictable mad science ubermensch final boss, and the 2nd game maintained that seriousness for most of its duration, only really going over the top towards the end, but little by little the series has shed its adventure game roots and become more action-oriented. we all know this, of course -- it was one of the big reasons they went the direction they did with RE7.the revelations series are an obvious attempt at bringing back a bit of the old survival horror vibe from the early days while combining them with the more fluid controls of the later games, and on some level they succeed. but where they differ from each other is that revelations 2 is the vastly superior offering. revelations 1 had an amazingly silly yet convoluted plot and was quite easy due to its roots as a 3DS game (meaning mouse controls made combat trivial.) it also looked very dated, graphically (again, due to it originally being a 3DS game.) revelations 2, in contrast, not only manages to more closely hew to the old survival horror vibe (albeit in a very different fashion, set mostly in and around a former soviet closed city, giving it a run-down slavic vibe made classic by the likes of stalker and half-life 2) but is also perhaps the best-written game in the series in a very long time, mostly avoiding plot holes and having a much better english script than the average RE game, feeling far more natural than capcom translations usually are.like revelations before it, the story is told from multiple perspectives, in this case each lengthy episode (of four) is split into two segments, with about six months' time in between. what's more is that each segment is focused on two series favorites. the first is claire, making a return to the series after having been relegated to flashbacks of RE2 and code veronica, and in violation of resident evil's habit of never aging characters, most definitely looks about 15 years older than she was in RE2. also rejoining the series is barry, who has not been seen in a canonical RE game since a single-screen cameo in RE3 and marks his first canonical appearance as a playable character -- and yes, he's still making dad jokes.making things interesting is that claire's storyline feels very classically RE-like, with the occasional twists and turns and an explosive finale; barry's, meanwhile, comes off feeling like an homage to the last of us, not least because the gruff beard dad with a gun has a young girl in tow, natalia, that he has to protect. conversely, claire's companion is moira, a teenage girl who drops F bombs like they're punctuation, and her youthful pottymouth is refreshing compared to the stilted but otherwise mostly clean dialogue the series has always had. besides, there's something delightfully juvenile about phrases like ""moist barrel of ♥♥♥♥s.""gameplay wise you can expect the same OTS fun that's been a series staple since RE4, though things are a bit more sedate than 4, 5 or 6, with mostly smaller groups of enemies. they're more varied than the shapeless blobs of rev 1, too; claire and moira will face off ""the afflicted,"" residents of the island turned into violent mutants through viral infection and torture. if you've played RE4 or 5 you know how this goes -- they're smarter than zombies and will try to surround you. barry and natalia, meanwhile, must deal with the much more zombie-like ""rotten,"" the re-animated, nearly-skeletal corpses of all the afflicted claire killed. they're slow and stupid. this particular wrinkle helps keep the gameplay fresh, as you're never facing the same type of enemy throughout the whole game. other enemies appear as well, such as a terrifying invisible enemy that can one-shot you if it gets close.moira and natalia are not gun users, one for personal reasons and the other for being literally like 10, but neither are above using melee when necessary (natalia can brick certain enemies if they're crawling.) what makes them useful is that moira carries a flashlight for claire's benefit, able to find items similar to the scanner in revelations 1 while also being able to use a high-beam that stuns enemies. natalia can also spot items lying around, but her most important skill is the ability sense enemies, even through walls, and as such is vital for dealing with the aforementioned invisible monsters. both characters can be switched to, as well, resurrecting a gameplay element from resident evil 0.like revelations before it, over time you'll find upgrades for your weaponry; these upgrades can be added or removed at a bench, allowing you to make increasingly powerful weapons. in many cases, your actions in claire's story will have ramifications for things barry might face or find, such as an AK-47 in a sewer provided claire opens the right gate.resident evil is a long-lived series, having been in the public consciousness for 21 years now, with a whopping 11 main series games and several spinoffs and assorted media. there are some who say the series has lost its way, and in some way that's true, having strayed very far away from its roots as an alone in the dark clone. but revelations 2 is a breath of fresh air, managing to create an atmosphere very removed from the comic book silliness that the series has indulged in over the years, with very little in the way of over-the-top huge monsters (even the final boss isn't that big.) having played most of the series, including the spinoffs, i can safely say this is up there with 4 or the original playstation trilogy in terms of quality and fun. the naturalistic script is a huge plus, and the little touches such as one campaign affecting the other are obvious throwbacks to the series' glory days.it's not a return to the ancient method of survival horror, but it's as close to the last of us as the series is going to get. this is definitely highly recommendable to long-time RE fans."
,Not Recommended,287290,14684523,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ziggy,"claire sandwich, bad fps, and no coop. stay away until this is fixed"
,Recommended,287290,23051541,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,aPaNTheRa,"The game is awesome, however it is falsely advertised as being coop, much to our disappointment."
76561197983526357,Recommended,287290,14651149,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Arlequis,"It's pretty much a perfect continuation of the break from the main series fodder that original Revelations represented.What, surprised I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the lack of split screen co-op and the odd framerate drops? Well buckle up, because it just gets faster from here.The graphics are excellent. Not too overly-emphasized, not poor quality, a nice balance that reassures you it looks good, but looking good isn't all there is to it.The gameplay is solid. Building off the REV approach, they've tweaked and revised it here and there, and adapted it to include a switching character approach reminiscent of RE Zero...but FAR less tedious. The point of using both characters is logical and well implemented; it makes sense. A lot of people still won't like it on principle alone, but it's one of the better approaches to the idea I've seen.The atmosphere is great. This first chapter is giving me an enourmous Code Veronica vibe, and that's a good thing. From what I've seen, from here it takes leads from RE2/3 and RE1 itself in the proceeding chapters.Is it perfect? Hell no. I'm not blind to the odd framerate drops, or the fact that the camera input needs work, but I'm also willing to give the benefit of the doubt that they will be patched.All I see is people complaining about a lack of online co-op and raid mode not working properly. If what you care about in a RESIDENT EVIL game is its multiplayer credentials, you are literally part of the reason the franchise is so deeply troubled today.Resident Evil is about the cheesy horror story, but well done atmosphere. It's about cliche American horror movie style protagonist rattling off sardonic commentary and one-liners while facing down enemies that border on being unfair.Revelations 2 is exactly what it should be. A great, flawed, survival horror game that's shamelessly referrential of itself and the horror classics, that divides everyone who plays it.I'm not going to tell you to buy it. Make up your own mind. But don't be swayed by people who are downvoting and ragging on the game for its MULTIPLAYER shortcomings. Read carefully. You'll see very few people with a negative opinion of the game are actually talking about THE GAME itself; the story, the gameplay, the atmosphere. Just endlessly parroting the same three criticisms of a framerate bug, questionable camera control, and multiplayer shortcomings.They're completely missing the point.EDIT (27/02)I'm not a blind fan-boy. Point of fact, while I loved the original Revelations, I despised RE5 and 6, and I didn't particularly like RE4 either. Moreover, I have nothing BUT criticism for Capcom over their handling of the Megaman franchise, or what's left of it at this point, or how dispecably they've acted regarding the Lost Planet franchise.I suppose I should not be surprised that such accusations are the default fallback relied on to content my standpoint, but you're entirely missing the point. The store page for REV2 is proliferated with people complaining about this multiplayer issue. As hard as I'm sure it is for you to understand, not everyone will seek to buy REV2 for multiplayer. Being a RESIDENT EVIL and all. And for those people, there are very few reviews of the actual GAME ITSELF, as opposed to endless commentary on the multiplayer issues.The very reason I won't bother to contend this misconception that the multiplayer is the subject of false advertising is that it's futile. You bought a game that was perfectly well known to only have cooperative play in RAID MODE, expecting the co-op to then exist in campaign mode. No such claim was ever made. The store page for REV2 from my end of the world (Australia) never implied the campaign would have co-op, nor did I expect it to, because the original REV didn't either.As for the multiplayer in RAID mode not working yet? I can only surmise you don't fully understand the complications of developing a game, particularly one designed for episodic content delivery. The multiplayer component of the game was most likely not finished in time for the Episode 1 release date, forcing them to leave it out at the last moment. Yes, it's disappointing. But it's not the end of the world, and it's not necessarily the great and terrible rip-off conspiracy many people are making it out to be.I do not support game developers ripping off their customers. I also don't support jumping to consclusions and speaking♥♥♥♥♥♥without proper understanding."
76561198056621566,Recommended,287290,15057988,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Luxordz,"1. Optimization has definately improved from launch, this can be seen especially in two raid mode levels stage 3-3 (and 5-2 to a lesser extent) was basically unplayable with massive frame rate drops and now runs smoothly. (yes even after they screwed it up and fixed it again, sniper scoping still seems to be unattended to.)2. The game feels just like resident evil 4 which some people will complain about and some will absolutely love, this one is up to personal preference.3. Offline co-op is fully instated into the game for story, however two controllers are needed for this, online co-op is instated for raid mode only, capcom has said time and time again that there will not be any online co-op for the campaign, which is sad considering my next point.4. The one and only major flaw with the campaign that I experienced is that the AI is abhorrently stupidly inept that they have trouble climing stairs, FREAKING STAIRS, to mention nothing of ladders, if you're being claire the AI will stare at you looking dumbfounded as they are repeatedly attacked by whatever is next to them, at least they have regenerating health, that's the only thing that makes them even partially tolerable since they can tank hits and be a nice little target while you pick off the enemy, simply make sure that if you need to switch to moira or natalia that barry/claire are in a completely safe area where they have no chance of being attacked, and forget about taking the AI gun usage skill as its just laughable.5. The game difficulty is actually very per player basis, if you want a full survival horror game where ammo is extremely limited go for survival mode right off the bat, if you simply want the story but also want survival for the reward, go for casual or normal and gather weapons and ammo to carry over into survival, which I think is pretty nice although a full inventory reset function might be nice for some people to simply have the option.6. Some say the story is cliche, lackluster, bad, etc. some say it's interesting, again this is personal preferance, although as a heads up there are two endings, (extremely minor spoiler) at the end of claire's episode 3 bossfight there's a small button mashing moment, however if you don't mash the button you can instead switch character to moira and then go, this moment decides the ending of the game (extremely minor spoiler over).7. Qtes are thankfully mostly gone, there is of course the one here and there when an enemy grabs you and when there's a melee prompt, but you won't have cutscenes full of them like RE6, in fact aside from the one aforementioned (in the spoiler above) moment there aren't any qtes at all.that's about all I have to say, overall I like the game. (if my hours played aren't already an indication)"
,Recommended,287290,20915871,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,PixelDaddy,"I'm recommending this game, but only just!I think unless you're a fan of the series or plan to play through the game with a friend then there's a good chance you will not completely enjoy your time in it.There's a lot to like: The story line has a nice sense of mystery. It does feel like a RE game (even though I prefer the old school RE1, RE2, RE3 gameplay), it's nice to see and play as Barry & Claire and there are some good classic styled puzzles. Plus raid-mode is an addictive and challenging bonus.However the visuals (other than the playable character models) are low quality, the environments are quite frankly boring with too many long corridors and empty uninspired areas. The enemies are mostly a little dull and not very scary. There is also some poorly designed areas of gameplay that just become frustrating. Lastly, if you play solo you miss out on probably the most enjoyable aspect of the game.Having said all that, it's not a bad game and for a fan there's a lot of fun to be had. But it could have been so much better.6.5/10"
,Recommended,287290,34677219,Posted: 1 September,all,Monsieur-Owly,"*WARNING: This review is solely based on the story mode. Completist discretion be advised.*RE:R2 may not be as good as the first instalment of the spin-off series but it is still an enjoyable survival horror game that merge both traditionnal and modern elements of the franchise, although some aspects are hit-and misses...POSITIVES+Barry Burton+Cooperative elements are implemented in a coherent way (scavenging, puzzle, combat, level design)+Some alternate paths and variations between Claire/Moira and Barry/Natalia+Natalia's ability to detect enemies and crawl through holes+Moira's ability to blind enemies and open barricaded doors+Some surprising and disgusting enemies+Simple and effective UI and Inventory systemNEGATIVES-Some performance issues-Game tends to drag a bit in chapters 2 & 3-Enemy ambushes mostly feel artificial and predictable-Stealth mechanics are poorly implemented-Lack of enemy variants-Graphics seem subpar for a home console gameRecommended for those who already completed their favorite games of the franchise and can't wait for the next one!Rating:7.5 / 10"
76561198198835858,Recommended,287290,28877547,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Police Captain Sombat Panarong,"This first episode is a short but sweet slice of Resident Evil, with the classic gameplay elements which have made the franchise so popular. The visuals are quite sharp and there's some inventive monster design, while the environments are suitably creepy. The formula is looking a little dated now but there is a sort of old-school charm to this opening chapter which keeps you playing and while the story isn't overly gripping, I'd certainly pick up the following installments if they come down in price as much as this one."
,Recommended,287290,14963646,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Lawyer Morty,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 is definetely a step in the right direction. Although it started with some misteps, perfomance issues and lacking certain features, the game really is everything the fans have expected in all this time. Returning to the horror and the survival roots, with arguably the most interesting story ever since Code Veronica X and constant plot twists, the game offers the player several hours of fun. The main campaign divided in four episodes is brilliant and entirely balanced, and the revamped Raid Mode offers tons of hours of fun.The game's graphics may not be primorous, but the gameplay is very fluid and the enemies are creative."
76561198013600577,Recommended,287290,14671518,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Xtrocut,"Steam needs a neutral review rating for this game. I can't believe how much hate and trash talking this game has had already about the scams and false advertising.All in all this game is alright. I'm a big fan of all games Resident Evil since years ago. The framerate issues that most people are talking about is real. My rig isn't cheap and it still drops from 120fps steady to under 40fps randomly with much choppy screens. Capcom will probably release an update to fix it, maybe add the coop mode duno guys just take it easy on the harse reviews bashing a game like this.Also those bonus costumes of claire & moira are pretty nice ^^tl;dr = stop talking♥♥♥♥♥♥ its an ok game"
,Recommended,287290,15179597,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,奴隷,"Tell lost little girl everything is going to be ok, Proceed to be murdered by huge invisible flying bug as its children devour my corpse. Barry is the father we need, not the father we deserve."
,Recommended,287290,15240947,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pip,Revelations 1 was all about the RAID Mode.Revelations 2's Campaign is quite better but at the same time the RAID mode is much more entertaining.Guess it's still all about the RAID Mode!
,Recommended,287290,14659034,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,simplesim7,"This game isn't that bad, if you are a RE fan and have been following the game since, I recommend you to get it. Be not too quick to judge this game just yet, afterall, we only see the first chapter and there are other episodes coming soon. I didn't notice any game lag while playing, if you are having framerate issues, turn down the graphic settings.  Overall, nice graphics, detail characters and nice DLC costumes. I can't say much about the story, it's only the first episode, but from what I've played and learn so far, a promising storyline coming to light as we progresses into the remaining chapters. Don't listen to reviews that say it is this bad and that, give yourself a chance to play the first episode, it's not that expensive, if you don't like it, skip buying the rest of the chapters."
76561197974644252,Recommended,287290,14746364,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,VicSoh,"If you love this series like I do, then this is a must buy, specially if you enjoyed the first RE:Revelations (the raid mode is better than ever!)The PC port is far from perfect, though. It has some framerate problems and some mouse and keyboard issues (what's with all of those keyboard bindings anyway??) but completely playable. If you can, I'd suggest going for the console version. But if you spent all your money on a graphics card and don't have money for the current gen consoles, then go for it.Oh, and there's that split screen co-op issue... well, I don't have any friends IRL so it doesn't really affect me *sniff*"
76561197989472560,Recommended,287290,14763504,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,sycorich,"Runs fine but start up is a bit jerky but then fines itself out. Running this on a 280x, fx 4130 and 8gb. Also players seem to have this shakey movement like youre tapping forward and it's got those horrible black bars top and bottom but i can live with that. Gameplay was fun and enjoyable plus felt a bit more creepy than the last one. 8/10."
,Recommended,287290,15459782,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"I really liked it, The ending not so much. Even though theres new environments to be in, I think i liked the first Reveleations better. Some of the parts seemed a bit tedious and pressing the button to switch back and forth through characters would lag at times or not switch at all, It's completely worth the buy."
76561198077025018,Recommended,287290,15183887,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"I met a sombre infected wielding a rusty machete who only wanted to walk into walls.""Why must you walk into the wall?"" I asked him.""Why must I not?"" He replied.He said his name was Phil and he was done with the zed life.Guts didn't taste the same way they used to.He said he came to this facility to start anew and wanted to make a name for himself.I wanted to help out so I threw a decoy bottle at his feet.All of his bros turned to watch him explode in glory.10/10Would make new friends again.__________In truth, this is a very comfortable and welcoming addition to the RE franchise.While embracing it's survival horror roots it brings fresh mechanics to the table as well.Do you hate co-op in survival horror games? I personally do.This game not only competently and seamlessely let's you switch between two characters at any time mid-play - it deeply encourages it. I too recommend this style of play as you get more out of the game. Each character comes with their own strengths and weaknesses. In example, Claire can carry firearms where as Moira can only wield a flashlight to blind enemies, a crowbar to use with powerful finishing blows and sub-weapons. This breathes fresh air in how to approach each fight. New to the franchise is also the ability to stealth kill with your knife. This gives a type of satisfaction you never thought possible. Online co-op is also available.Online co-op is also available for Raid Mode, which made it's debut in Revelations. This, whether you want to acknowledge it or not, is the other 50% of content this game has in store. With a vast variety of levels, weapons, mods and a high lvl cap, this mode will have you plugging hours upon hours into it.While crafting in RE is nothing new, REV2 does a good job at bringing new items to the table. Not only do you need to worry about your health depleting, you'll need to worry about losing blood and becoming blinded. You can now gather the supplies to craft Tourniquets to stop your character from bleeding out when they get those deep wounds as well as the supplies to craft Disinfectant when you get blinded by the enemy's fluid discharges. New sub-weapons such as Fire Bombs, Decoy Bottles, Exploding Bottles and Smokescreen Bottles  are craftable and come in handy against the new threats. Be careful though, because your item menu is in real-time.Alot of new infected make their appearances in this game and I was very impressed with the direction they decided to take it. Finally embracing it's influences shamelessly you will definitely get a slight feeling that the characters might have just escaped from Silent Hill. I personally had a few flashbacks of playing The Suffering back in the day while encountering a few enemies. Don't let this shoo you off, for the influence is lovingly presented with RE's signature style. They all feel very comfortable and are solid entries within the family of infected. I will not list the new enemy types because experiencing them is half the excitement.I HIGHLY recommend this title to RE fans and survival horror fans everywhere."
,Recommended,287290,25596438,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,REvelations 2 brings series back to its roots. Definitely a huge plus for the franchise on long run.
76561197978737817,Recommended,287290,14756841,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Wrayday,"As of 06 Mar 2015 The Steam - PC version doesn't run very well on my laptop so I haven't progressed very far. However I do own it on the PS4 so my play review/experience will be on that version until my main PC arrives.Graphics - look nice enough. Good lighting effects, shadows.Sound - Guns sound good! very impressed with the gun fire sounds.  Monsters groaning can be annoying after awhile.  In raid mode there is a constant hissing sound as monsters spawn in ... I thought it was part of the music but after i turned off the music it persisted ... It is very annoying as it causes me to constantly turn to see if a monster spawned behind me.Controls - They aren't bad... only complaint is the game pad dodge key is not in a easy to reach place.  On laptop i can easily tap the space with my thumb but on a game pad I am usually attacking the the knife and yeah ....CO-OP - doesn't exist at this moment. I don't know why they didn't launch with online co-op because solo raid mode is boring as hell.Story - It is alright, it seems to be building onto something.AI - It pisses me off .... your partner sometimes helps you out .. and with the gameplay mechanics the way they are you have to play as Moira or Natalia constantly as way to save ammo, and find hidden crap, stun enemies .. as the AI won't do any of that for you.  Barry and Rebecca sometimes attack ... Barry is the worst offender .. he dosn't attack unless Nat tosses a brick or swings the brick and then it's only once.Raid mode - There are a ton of stages but it gets old without online co-op. A few levels weren't very well designed and if you don't have a ton of ammo on you from the start ... they are near impossible to complete.  A bunch of the stages are recycled re6 stages and to date the only unlockables I have found are just completing enough missions to unlock characters.  I have not seen anything (yet) to indicate additional outfits (outside of the DLC ones).  The mode is simple enough with objectives and weapon upgrades and parts drop often enough to keep you in the fight. I honestly liked RE: RE1's raid interface because it was simple and straight forward.... now I have to waste time running around a room clicking on different things that used to be done in a menu. The worst offense that raid mode does is enemy spawning (they can spawn behind you and even under you) but other than that and lack of co-op raid mode is pretty solid. Additionally, each character has their own level unlike RE: RE1 where only the player levels. All weapons scale to players so if you have a level 10 gun it will go on your level 1 char with reduced stats so you do not have to juggle gear. As it stands I haven't seen any need at this point to buy any DLC storage space expansions.I just tried and failed time attack mode ... I lost due to characters standing around in forced dialogue as the clock ran out.... so not thrilled about that.Invis mode - no desire to play it.Biggest DLC complaint so far:Moira has a Katana and she doesn't use it >.>This is a fun game ... I just wish they didn't force you to use the weaker partner constantly to find the invisible objects... I want to rock the house as Barry ... not run around pointing at things and worthlessly throwing bricks.Right now my I-7 2.2Ghz 16GB GeForce 560M laptop struggles with the game with completly random framerate stuttering making it too hard to play so I have to await my main PC for a updated Graphic review... But if they do not sort out this coop soon my favorability of this game will drop harder than the framerates on my laptop."
,Recommended,287290,24093932,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rip in Lel,Absolutely fantastic for neo-capcom. Would buy again for $18.This is what six should have been. Well done to capcom without Shinji. 10/10
76561198100022670,Recommended,287290,14953354,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,thedeviousturd,Oh rev 2...have i told my friends to play it?.. no. Would i recommend playing it? yes. The campaign is about 7 hours long if you play the way i do and look for everything. is it fun? yes. is it confusing at first? yes. is it better than 6? ha ha no doubt. the only reason i played through this whole game is because resident evil is one of my favorite game series. I loved them all  (except the one previously mentioned). I have a love hate relationship with this game. i loved to wish it was as good as the first revelations and i hated that it wasnt. at times i wish that it wasnt called revalations 2 so that i didnt wanna compare the two.all in all its worth it if you love resident evil but it is not if you havent played the first. play the first and if you need more then get this.
76561198089456658,Recommended,287290,14946352,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ShepardSR2,"Capcom, is that you???"
,Recommended,287290,16931939,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,varut20,"Resident Evil: Revelations 2 is the most solid RE game I played in recent years.Having to switch characters back & forth seems like a bad idea at first but once getting used to it, it's not much of a trouble. Besides, everything else rocks! ... Story, atmosphere, game mechanics, extras, replayability ... In the end, a satisfying single-player experience.In term of game machanics, I feel it bears a lot of resemblances to the ""Tomb Raider (2013)"" which is another solid game all round.In absence of fan's favourite like Chris, Jill, & Leon... RE:R2 somehow managed to thrive.P.S. No comment on the Raid Mode... perceiving it as an endless quest for loots, which is not my cup of tea."
76561198035870825,Recommended,287290,14655484,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BolognaHooker,"I have had Only minor issues with lag, after 15hrs. The game runs just fine on my backup GTS 250, and is actually pretty Fun. All the complaints about micro transactions is just nonsence. The things you can buy are things you can earn in game, and are for RAID mode only.  The game is priced very well, and You can also chose to buy just the campaign/raid mode, and unlock everything on your own.Switching between players is fun, and the exclusive weapon types and skills spice up the gameplay."
,Recommended,287290,14932411,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Shin Neegi Reborn,This game is worth to play. Cant wait for the online co-op for raid mode.
76561198044691968,Recommended,287290,14732595,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,LondoBell Captain,"The game itself is Ok, that's for sure.  Actually, the revelation 2 is even better than the previous one. First of all, it brings back the weapon-carrying system from the RE5, that makes the game more realistic than the RER and RE6. Second, the atmoshere in the RER2 really expresses the meaning of the name""Resident Evil"", I don't think the RE series doesn't need to change to keep pace with the development of the society, but change doesn't mean you need to abandon all the thing you've already got. RE6 abandoned the nature that makes the RE a real RE, so, as far as i'm concerned, RE6 is the worst episode of the RE series and I really hope the Capcom will give the task of RE7 to the producer who was in charge of the production of the RER2.Although I recomment this game, frankly it has a problem that makes you unable to enjoy the game completely. I don't know why, but the framerate issue became severe after the game was updated on Feb.27. Before that, everything was just fine. Those who are still watching better just wait until the patch that deals with this problem is issued. Hope the patch can come out on the day episode 2 is released."
76561198066224506,Recommended,287290,14933419,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,DeaD SpacE,"The story/game play is not as good as Revelations 1, but still fun.  Raid Mode is back and better then ever!  7/10"
76561198030326060,Recommended,287290,23624905,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,OverlordLegacy,Really fun game. But it seems it only included one episode unfortunately (a few hours worth of gameplay). Seems silly that it wasn't just sold as a whole.
,Not Recommended,287290,14690600,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dr.Prinny,Raid unplayable.DLC seconds after release.Capcom are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?
76561197970503040,Recommended,287290,14934803,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,tigerkungfu,For the gamers that love resident evil this is just about everything you could ever want from a resident evil game.
,Recommended,287290,14898851,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"The bad reviews this game received at release was due to a buggy and messy launch which got sorted pretty quickly, that's one thing I like about Capcom they tend to get to it quick. Gameplay itself is pretty good, this title does offer a lot more horror. The $25 package is a nice deal considering you get 6 episodes and a really nice and extensive RAID mode which can bring in a lot of playtime."
,Recommended,287290,34050881,Posted: 5 August,all,huskobon,"Dragged out, but okay.Coming from Resident Evil Revelations 1, Revelations 2 comes up a more dull experience in comparison.  Gameplay focuses on Clair and Moria Burton, and brings back RE old school classic, Barry Burton. The game is set into 4 main chapters, in 2 story lines running 6 months between eachother. Barry is in the future, and the girls are in the past. Each time you play a story, you advance from their point of view, and the reflections show oin Barrys end.Gameplay plays pretty well, and doesn't seem to have any issues with how it functions. It returns to Revelations 1's ideas with the weapon parts, and seems to barrow a little bit of ideas from Resident Evil 4. The problem I had the most with the game, was the fact that is had lots of dark atmostpere, but never changed much. It got to the point where you felt like you were seeing the same bland designs such as. dark sewer, or dark cave, or dark mines.  Sometimes I felt like I was just dragging my feet around to get out of wherever I was.Sound is very good, and so is the voice acting!  This is actually one of the best performances in the series betwen all characters. Barry actually sounds dead on to the original Resident Evil 1, and it works well.Contolrs are ok. I had a few issues with them from time to time trying to trigger actions shown on screen, but made it around for the most part.Story is where is suffers the most. This is a an old tale with a new spin that falls on it's butt.   We now have Alex Wesker, and she is here now because she wants to take over and be better than her brother.   Honestly, her motivations are not very good, and she's hardly memorialble.  For someone in the Wesker name, she is bland and poorly fleshed out. She played the role of the Overseer, and toys with you from the beinning of the game to the end, and really the only way you'll get to know anything much about her, was through text logs found around. If you didn't collect any of those, she would come of as just some evil thug, and you'd be scracting your head wondering why she's even here.Overal, Revelations 2 is fun enough and plays well enough. The extra episodes are also ok. The Struggle is much better compared to Little MIss, but I finished them both because it fleshes out some missing story pieces.  Got it on sale, and it was worth the time I put in.  Not the stongest entry, but not the worst.7/10"
,Recommended,287290,21468138,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TheManko,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 was a wonderful surprise to me. I mean I expected it to be good since I liked Revelations 1. But this was still better than I dared hope. This was apparently a lower budget game, as it isn’t sold at full price. But there isn’t much evidence of cheapness in the final product.Compared to the main Resident Evil games, Revelations 2 feels a bit crude and rough around the edges. The quality of the visuals is somewhere between Resident Evil 4 and 5, achieving a style that feels oldschool, but also ageless. It gets the basics right of how you’re supposed to stage and light a scene for the intended effect, with the least amount of technical brute force. There are a ton of locations, and loads of different enemies. It doesn’t feel compromised.The game feels like a greatest hits of features from Resident Evil 4, 5 and 6. Movement feels similar to those games, but now with the addition of being able to dodge in any direction. All the enemies are designed with this in mind, as even the most basic enemies can run and jump at you. The system felt great when I started to get into the habit of spamming the dodge button as soon as I saw enemies winding up their attack animations.The whole game is designed around co-op, but I played it in singleplayer, and that works just fine. Switching characters is done with a quick and satisfying zooming animation, and the game seems to give your AI partner more health when you’re not controlling them. They were never a nuisance, and I felt like I could just relax and let them do whatever they wanted while I fought off attackers myself.Enemy design is superb, working both as a greatest hits of the series, but also bringing many inventive new creatures to the table. Most importantly, the difficulty balance feels just as good as it was in Resident Evil 4 and 5. You often get out of big battles with only a single bullet left in your inventory. This is done intentionally, so you’re never screwed over by the game, as it knows to give you a break after giving you a hard time. It’s superbly paced, never doing too much of anything before changing things up, clearly having learned from the best of the series past. It shows restraint, not overdoing anything. For example, there’s maybe only two jump scares in the entire game, and loads and loads of sections where you expect jump scares, but nothing happens.The most wonderful thing in Revelations 2 is the quality of the writing. It’s unapologetically Resident Evil. Head writer on this game was Dai Sato, who has one hell of a track record, having written some of the best episodes of shows like Space Dandy, Ergo Proxy, Ghost in the Shell Stand Alone Complex and Eureka Seven. He was also head writer on Revelations 1, and it feels like him and the rest of the Revelations 1 & 2 development team work together beautifully. This isn’t some literary masterpiece, as it’s still just as hokey as you’d expect from a Resident Evil game. There’s hilariously evil villains conducting bio weapons research, murdering loads of people without conscience. So this isn’t trying to reinvent Resident Evil in any way, and isn’t going for a new audience or anything like that. This is still the same wonderful ridiculous Resident Evil, but written with something resembling a heart, with a love for what the series is.What makes this so good is how it treats all other Resident Evil games as canon, but with a level of self awareness that the series hasn’t had before. It embraces the camp, showing clear love for it, and still poking fun at it. For example Barry Burton is a playable character for the first time in the series. He famously had the greatest lines in history in the first game, about Jill being the master of unlocking, and the Jill sandwich line. In Revelations 2 he’s older, a father out to save his daughter who went missing on a mysterious island. Other characters talk behind his back about how he keeps going on about the glory days of when he and Jill went on adventures in the RE 1 mansion, and he keeps making the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes just as he did in that game. And sure enough, when you play as him in Revelations 2, he drops several weapons grade puns. But there’s more to him than that, and it’s the same for all the main characters. At first when I saw that it was a co-op game I thought “eww, but I want to play alone!”. But thanks to the writing, I was happy to always have another character there, because the quality of the banter elevates the game.You might want to sit down for this next bit: The characters have wants and needs outside of the events occurring in the game, and go through arcs where they learn and change as people by the end of the game. I know, that sounds like the bare minimum of what you’d expect in a story, and yet that is still quite remarkable to see in a game. It’s fairly easy to predict what’s going to happen next in the story as you’re playing. But the journey to get there was more exciting than I expected. Just as it sets out to actually fulfill the bare minimum of what a good story is like, it also executes it on the level of quality that you should expect, where character moments feel earned, and you actually empathize with them. This is again something that is depressingly rare, not just in games, but in your average action film as well. We should expect stories to at least be this good. But they aren’t, which made this stand out to me. They actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and had people who know how to tell a story be allowed to put it into the game in a way where it works effectively. What a concept.The game isn’t even close to perfect, as there are a couple areas that feel like filler, and on a couple occasions the story conveniently bails out of scenes prematurely just so they can extend the length of the game a bit. But even with all those flaws, I loved this game. For long stretches of the game I was smiling, and whenever the game tried to be tense and spooky, I was feeling tense and spooked! Everything about it from the title to the tone feels silly and stupid. But it’s the best kind of silly and stupid, done in a completely earnest way, by people who took the project seriously, and didn’t hold anything back because they looked down on the game, the series, or the audience. If you liked Resident Evil 1, 2, 3, Code Vernonica, 4, 5 or Revelations 1, you will most likely have a wonderful time here. It’s everything I like about Resident Evil, without the dreary and slightly desperate tone of Resident Evil 6. Just like Revelations 1, the first 30-60 minutes of the game aren’t the greatest. For a moment there I thought “oh no, have they made another bad RE game?” But then Barry Burton was introduced, and I started loving it."
76561198126252325,Recommended,287290,14815960,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Duan#029,"This game is a return to the terror style of biohazard series, although the graphic isn't that good, but the game mode and story is attractive to me. I hope the next release will come soon."
,Recommended,287290,14990594,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 Is a huge step up than the first one in my opinion. I first played RE Revelations on my 3DS and I had expected a lot from it given the whole point behind it was what this game had finally done. I wouldn't say it exactly put you into the series' roots but it has some of the older ones feel (RE4/RE5). Everything here is considered an improvement including the story. I was satisfied by this game and I easily would support the developers doing more of this gameplay style. However, not every game is without its drawbacks. There are 2 characters in each campaign and I suppose I was bothered by the fact that there is one character in both Claire and Barry's campaign that is able to find hidden items across the map. Of course, the player would not ignore to look for these items and the AI doesn't help you finding these items if you are playing single player. So, this resulted in me sticking with playing as Moira/Natalia throughout the whole campaign which really annoyed me since I wanted to have my leisure time to switch between characters. Nevertheless, it was an entertaining game and I would forget about the blunder the developers made in RE revelations 1 now that this game has at least some redeeming qualities. The extra episodes weren't worth it, they didn't reveal anything about the story so I would only recommend the main campaign. Raid mode was alright to wait between episodes but it didn't exactly draw me for more than a few hours. Good game. I'd also recommend getting it on a sale, it isn't exactly all the rage to buy on full price."
,Recommended,287290,15869702,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Sorrow,Feel like survival horror again.Good Story.See Barry again.But still have some Frame Drops issue.9/10.... I Can Use Samurai Edge again.
76561198049445882,Recommended,287290,14969684,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ayane_kong,"After patch 2.1, i recommend this very good game to every horror-story action game lover.I love the story, the charactors, the gameplay (the control and the action in-game are very good), the raid mode and the ending. Also, it has many unlockable contents in both story mode and raid mode.+ The bouns episodes are good.+ The complete season is just 24.99 which is very reasonable."
,Recommended,287290,14676639,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,🅼🅰🅳 🅼🅰🆇 ✓,+ Graphics+ Sound effects+ Controller support+ Trading cards+ Switch characters+ Gamemode - Raid- Raid mode stuck while loading (Sometimes)- Some areas dropping fps
,Recommended,287290,28643848,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SurvivalHorrorNetwork4K,Evil Is Watching!Revelations 2 is Capcom taking the Resident Evil Franchise back towards Survival Horror! Ammo is rare and the enemies are relentless! REV2 shows the events are hinted at in the RE5 DLC Lost In Nightmares and Fills the gap between RE5 and RE6 alongaside the Manga: Marhawa Desire! One of the better Resident Evil Games!
,Not Recommended,287290,14650537,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,基本的な白い女,"I launch the game. The usual splash screens are in Japanese for some reason. Okay...I get to the menu, and am told to not turn off my CONSOLE while it checks for DLC. Sweet.The co-op option is missing. Of course it is.I start the game. Animations and framerate are coppy as hell. Alright, fine, I'll mess around with the settings.I turn off VSync. Crash to desktop. Awesome.Goddamnit guys. I just got Capcom'd."
,Recommended,287290,14891920,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Maverrick,Barry looks amazing. Claire looks like she had a cosmetic surgery accident.But Claires and Moiras Butts are nice looking - 9.5 / 10 -- IGN
,Recommended,287290,15854598,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The |Unknown|<3,"""Raid mode"" <3"
,Not Recommended,287290,14655578,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,キラーミ,"Animations are broken. There's graphical stuttering. Audio is buggy. Capcom pulled a complete bait-and-switch on co-operative play, which is not included. And the most atrocious crime comitted here; the absence of Alyson Court (okay this isn't the most atrocious from a technical standpoint but personally I found it irritating.)"
76561198048974498,Recommended,287290,15184439,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,rjmacready,"A definite improvement over the first Revelations game, which was itself a definite improvement over the likes of Resident Evil 6...so at least the series is heading in a positive direction.  We're still not back to the glory days of Resident Evils 1-4 and Code Veronica, though - try The Evil Within instead if you want something THAT good! - but this is probably the best Resident Evil game since number 4 (yes, THAT long ago).It's certainly nice to see the horror taking precedence over the action again, and the character-swapping mechanics are possibly the most successfully realised in a Res Evil game, period (i.e. MORE than just a cheap gimmick).  And, wait for it...STEALTH in a Res Evil game, for the first time ever if I'm not mistaken!  Nice.  Add in some frankly amazing graphics, probably the best characterisation and dialogue in the history of the franchise, and some nice little in-jokes for the long-term fans (""NOW who's the master of unlocking?""), and yeah, it's pretty hard to complain about this one.  Keep it up, Capcom...Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,287290,15051136,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,bobby,"Now most of the game breaking technical bugs have been Patched out I can Finally recommend this gameThe Campaign episodes 1-4 took me around 5 hours.first of all the episodes coming out a week apart was a bad move, there is no real reason for them to be episodic but now you can get them all at once its much better to play through them in a row.Episode 1 is breif and average.Episode 2 is by far the one i found most enjoyable with the most intersting story and gameplay. with other characters in the fray it feels much more involved.Episode 3 is good but suffers from too man puzzles in a row. it gets a little stale with Claries section consisting of puzzles and a running section. Followed by one of the blandest boss fights in the game. Its the ustank boss from Resi 6 basically. (anything reminding you of that game is not good)Episode 4 is decent but the tie ups to the storys plot feels kinda weak.honestly the campaign is average at best and the extra episodes are not worth playingSo WHY would i reccomend the game to you if the story mode is a strong 6 id say,RAID MODE thats why.this is where the majority of my hours come in, around 32 and ive just ""beat"" the main raid mode missions(but unlocked more to do)Raid is much improved from the last revelations. it involves going into a mission area and having to kill all the zombies in the level to proceed. doing a mission gives gold and xp. gold can be used to buy new weapons and add cool upgrade parts to them.parts and weapons can also be found in missions, crazy parts to add to guns like fire/ice ect bullet types, burst fire,life steal, damage amps, there are so many crazy ways to add on to weapons making them super powerful.xp lvls up your character, higher level missions have more crazy foes with crazy variants and boss types. when lvling you unlock skill points to spend on skills like diffrent grenade types, melee damage, powerful attacks, and so much more. different characters have diff skills and lvling up skills improves them and when maxed can be used on any character.ONE even unlocks a freaking samurai sword that replaces normal melee its so much fun to use.Ive played so much raid and i really think its worth checking out and really is the meat of this game.at least buy episode one and check out the raid maps that come with that and see if you enjoy it.didnt expect to spend so many hours in this game, somehow you did it capcom.even if i had to unplug my internet to play while it was glitched (over 100 friends on steam would make raid crash unless you went offline first FIXED NOW). I still played it like that for a long time, it was just that good"
,Recommended,287290,21118526,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Acinonyx,"I was waiting for Resident Evil game with Claire as main protagonist so long. Then Revelations 2 was announced (just for information, i've bought handheld Nintendo 3DS just because of RE Revelations with Jill). I was excited, happy. After first trailer, still great. First information was talking about more characters coming back, but also that the game will be divided between episodes. I was not fan of episodic games (most of episodic games has 1 episode per month or more, so i was afraid cause of that, but then the developers said that every week will bring new episode, which is pretty OK for me). I have to also say, i am a fan of classic RE games (static corner cameras, RE 1-3), but for story i've played all of RE games (RE5 and RE6 only for co-op, as i did not like RE6). So yeah, i am big fan of Resident Evil, ever since i saw my father's colleague to play RE2 on his PSX :) And also big Claire's fan, so maybe this review is slightly affected with that.But back to Revelations 2. I didn't know what to expect from this game, but i've preordered it. I was afraid that it will be more action game than horror game. Well, locations are pretty scary, but there is also a lot of combat, so it is OK. Cutscenes are fine, but one thing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off right from the beginning. Claire. Her voice. I mean, i was expecting Alyson Court's voice, as she dubbed Claire in RE2, also in Code Veronica, Operation Raccoon City, the movie Degeneration, but she does not dubbed Claire in Revelations 2. This new voice, there is nothing bad about voice acting, it is good, but i just wanted ""classic"" voice, i was used to :) Also the look of Claire, she looks different a little bit. I was in love with her since RE2, and then i fell in love with her again in Degeneration. But now, she is little bit uglier. Nothing bad on that either, she still looks amazing, and i still love her :)OK, enough about Claire, there are 3 more characters that we can control. Every of them has some special abilities and also skill tree. Real weapons are for Claire and Barry, other two characters cannot use pistols and weapons, only cans or rocks. But they have other special abilities, like Moira's flashlight, which can be used to blind enemies, or to find hidden items and ammo. Also, you are always controlling two characters ""at once"", i mean, Claire is always with Moira, Barry is always with that little girl, Natalia. You are controlling one of them, the other one is controlled by PC, but you can switch between them. That is something new for me, even when the same thing was in RE5 and RE6. But as i mentioned on beginning, i was playing RE5 and RE6 only in co-op with my friend, so i was not used to in co-op play with PC. But for most of the time it was OK.I can remember that i chose some hardcore difficulty, because i wanted some challenge. It came earlier than i expected it. Yes, i am talking about controls. It feels, ehm, horrible? Most of RE games i was played on PSX or PS2, so i was using controller, but those last games were pretty fine on keyboard as well. This wasn't. I've died few times in the first scene with monsters. Then i decided to lower the difficulty. Well, i died there as well. I just rage quit. After few hours i gave it another try. I've survived and i could continue. But i was afraid of some boss fights because of that controls. Nothing to worry about, you will get used to it. But you have to try it few times. After an hour it is OK then :)Graphically it is not totally perfect, but game looks great, and i love visuals. And some scenes are really scary, i think it is the first time i've seen something really scary in RE (i mean everything except monsters). Atmosphere is also great, lot of scary passages, and i think that breaking this game into episodes was really good move. It keeps you in tension after each episode, and it is even ""worse"" (in good meaning) when you have to wait another week to reveal what will happen next (but yeah, all episodes are already out now, so you can play it all at once, without waiting :) ).About the story, well, just read the description of this game, then check the name ""RE: Revelations"", and if you've played Revelations 1, you know what to expect. If not, well, there are some revelations ;) And it is worth to play it. Especially if you love RE world.Soundtrack is also very nice, it creates great atmosphere, or just add another level of (in)sanity to the game. All sounds are pretty nice, i can't really complain. I was mentioning voice acting of Claire, but i think it is OK with other characters as well :)There are also some ""bonuses"" in this game, like new game mode (RAID mode, which i did not play, so i can' really review it), some extra episodes, which are fine. So there is a lot of content for 20 euros (or 30 euros for Deluxe edition, with those bonus episodes, and costumes, etc).So, yeah, game is worth for those money, especially if you are RE fan or Claire fan. Only 2 cons - Claire's voice actor is not Alyson this time, and then controls (i can recommend to use controller, but you can also learn to use keyboard and mouse, with a little patience). Other than that i am really happy with this game (i was really afraid that this game will be bad), i can recommend it, and i hope we will see Claire soon in Resident Evil 7, or at least in Resident Evil 2 remake ;)"
,Recommended,287290,31554888,Posted: 5 May,all,Jake Slam,"Buy this if you have a brother, sister, or a friend to play offline.+ Splitscreen co-op.+ Zombies.+ Enough horror.+ Classic RE1 Sandwich Joke and Piers Nivans mentioned.- There is no online co-op for campaign.- Not much action for second player."
,Recommended,287290,19900361,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KirakuN,AWESOMEEEI Can't Wait For next release 3 :D :V
,Recommended,287290,30742191,Posted: 25 March,all,One Big Boss,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 was another step in the right direction for Capcom in bringing back horror to the franchise. Revelations 1 helped begin that with Chris, Jill, Jessica, Parker and various other colorful characters, exploring caves, creepy abandoned ships and more.Revelations 2 takes that up a notch and conitnues to bring the horror.PROS-Atmosphere is on point in this game. Pretty much whatever area you are exploring in Rev 2, you are feeling the fear and shadows looming around you and constantly feel like you are being stalked.-Ammo is rare. And thats a great thing for old school RE fans like myself. Much like the original Revelations, Rev 2 makes you feel like the island you are on is VERY dangerous due to the lack of enemies not dropping ammo and finding ammo being tough at times. Its spread out just enough to make it fair but also makes you save ammo the best.-Co-op is fantastic, its unlike RE5 and RE6 where you and a friend just gun down swarms of infected, no no! This time, one person is the gunner the other provides follow up assists and skills. There's a strong team work system here that is fantastic.-Replay Value is VERY high in this game, there's tons of medals to unlock by doing certain requests during the main game, hidden coins to shoot, and various other things to keep the campaign going for max replay value. (The harder setting really puts you through the ringer)-Raid Mode is 10x better than it originally was. You still have to grind to level up, but honestly, not like how you did in the original Rev1 Raid Mode. Its more fun and relaxing, until you get to the harder levels, then its all business. Plus there's various skills, weapons, characters and ammo to unlock, it'll keep you busy, ESPECIALLY if you got a friend to play it with!-Barry ♥♥♥♥ING Burton is back! What else do I gotta say!?CONS-Dark, yeah the games pretty dark, even if you pump up the brightness, in some areas its just really hard to see, and not how it should be.-Budget title. The problem with this game is its clearly a budget title. Graphic wise it should look better than it does, and cutscene wise, they dont look as polished as they should be.-Short in play. Sadly the game isnt that long, even with its side stories you can play, its still not too long of a game. Thankfully the replay value and Raid mode make up for that.-Janky controls. The run option in this and dodging left or right or even turning while running seems rough and a bit tight, more than it needs to be, its caused a lot of my deaths.-Grainy effect. I couldnt stand this. I felt like I was playing the game through a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ security camera feed. There is no reason for a game to have grainy effects like that, especially in the era of HD and 720p and higher resolution.All in all, this game is worth a buy. When I originally bought it on PS3 I was disapointed at how bad it looked but still enjoyed it. Now playing it on the PC, its incredible, beautiful, and runs a lot better and is just as fun as it was when it first came out. Buy it on sale or buy it at full price, this is one RE title you can pay any price for and be happy with."
,Recommended,287290,35042731,Posted: 18 September,all,Ryan19,awesome game!!!
76561198169219291,Recommended,287290,35474346,Posted: 4 October,all,✪Corben Dallas,Very good Game I recommend!
76561198016731206,Recommended,287290,14986174,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BARHOS,The best resident evil games i played in recent years. Definetly recommand for people who like survival horror games.
76561198009755365,Recommended,287290,14986764,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,=SM= Bateman.MORDHAU WHEN ?,best resident evil since re4
,Recommended,287290,14981422,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Aco,"It get back to the old kind of Resident Evil. If you are expecting to play a goog game, you should try i.The story it was Ok, the characters with each personality and the   experience that they have (experience  is an equal for misadventure for them), make them grow in a different way...If you know Claire from the others games that she appears, you will not be dissapointed.And well, at the beginning I was thinking that the main villain it was  in a competition for being better than her brother, but I consider that Albert Wesker were more concentrating to be perfect than this villain, but I have to say something...I was shocked by the ending of the game...PD: This story happen before Resident Evil 6"
,Recommended,287290,26360371,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,theRealMccoy,"Since this is one of the first Resident Evil games i have played, i have to say it is brilliant. I highly recommend as it has a good story and the co op gamemode called Raid is very fun and enjoyable and great to have a good play session with friends. Im looking forward to sinking many hours into this game and might buy the following expansions or episodes to understand and know the full story experince. The only issue i found with the game is the fact of not being able to play the main story online with a friend but i have heard that its not Residne Evil if you dont experience the horror on your own.If i had to rate this game i would give it a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,287290,34497931,Posted: 25 August,all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Same old same old; interesting concept at the very least, but with a caveatJust as with Revelations 1, and any other recent Resident Evil title, Revelations 2 is a third person shooter that takes a more measured approach in its enemy placement. Rather than the horde-like COD inspired Chris Redfield campaign of RE6 you get something more akin to Ada's; fewer enemies, measured pace and scarcer ammo. Whereas Revelations 1, I felt, took this route out of necessity (you can't have giant hordes when you're making a game for the 3DS), this title had the opportunity to go the Chris Redfield route and it renegged. Capcom knows how to keep continuity, at least-wise choice.As this game was developed for current-gen systems it is, graphically, a massive step up from Revelations 1. But the environments still feel scaled down; there is certainly an impression of scale in some of the environments that was never achieved in the first title, but if console power isn't holding this title back its clear that the budget alloted was.And that allotment is perhaps what led to one of my disappointments here: the plot. I can't delve too deep into it, as there's spoilers inherent in discussing it. But I'll speak broadly: what we have here is a storyline that was certainly interesting with a narrative that leaves some mystery. I love mystery. But what I don't like is questions left unsolved towards the end. You have a basic, ""we beat the bad guy"" in the end with everything ending fine. What is lacking is a lot of the finer questions being answered: you surmize various facets of Natalia's story but Jesus Christ I was confused as to why *so much* is left unanswered. You get around 7 or so memos at the end of the game that explain a few things but it's as if they ran out of money when they got to the portion of the game that was supposed to tell us what happened.It's so irritating to have mystery built around the title only to completely forego actual explanations on matters. This isn't a spoiler but....how the hell did the big bad become so mutated....exactly. I mean, you don't make the bad guy a monster that was human and not explain how in the hell they....this is such *bad* writing. It's so infuriating I was close to not recommending it.But I understand that story-telling and complex narratives in video games rarely deliver in any coherent manner. My expectations are too high; sensible requests like ""explanations"" are too much for this medium. Ugh....I will say that the stand-out character here is Moira Burton. I don't know why I've taken a liking to her, but her personality is very....realistic. Whereas most characters feel like 'characters' in a medium, Moira feels like a real person. Her reactions and dialogue is realistic; its what the player would do if he was in the scenario. She casually curses, makes sarcastic remarks to situations that are somewhat preposterous if they were in the real world, and has her own issues that are fairly common in the real world. As an example, you hear the final boss talking with eloquence, to which her response is (paraphrasing): ""♥♥♥♥ing poetry?"". It's as if a 20-something gamer wrote her dialogue, which is why it resonates. She doesn't really fall into any sort of character archetype I've seen in most Japanese medium; I'm sure there's one but I've yet to see it. Kudos for making a realistic character that most 20-something American gamers can relate to (more or less). Break out character here, boys. Maybe it's just me and my own biases.Ultimately loved the ride; completely and utterly disappointed with its ending, but it's still a decent third person shooter with interesting enemies. Some require you to shoot particular points of the enemy to defeat them, whilst others will not allow you to get close to them lest you wish to risk an instant death. There's some creativity with the enemies here, albeit there's not too much variety in them. The budget rears its head once more.I mildly recommend this one. I don't think it's anything amazing, but the storyline is certainly more interesting than Revelations 1. It's just such a damn shame that for a franchise that has so much invested into its lore and universe it just....didn't even try towards the end here. Then again, RE writing has never been good to begin with, so perhaps I need to stop thinking this franchise will reach Deus Ex levels of coherence. Yes, I said coherence. Such a damn shame."
,Not Recommended,287290,33353451,Posted: 7 July,all,Cleomemnes,Luckily i bought this game for only 77 cents. Next time a game says Co-Op make sure they arnt refering to Same Computer Split screen.
,Recommended,287290,14815789,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KRANORZOR,"Fantastic Game, you can breath the sensation of old resident evil , must buy for all resident evil fans and a great game for everyone else!"
76561198065782394,Recommended,287290,14670015,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,sL1ck ♨,"Review Episode 1Graphic     : 6.5/10 (bad console port,hmm...)Note:Environmental image quality and character is good,but i still see console style in this game.Story         : 7.2/10 (so far is good)Note:Tension and puzzle is good,resident evil style.Gameplay : 7.5/10 (nice,i play using xbox 360 controller and no problem so far)Note:Viewpoint and character movement is good,switch character,to help or find something.Overall      : 7.0/10- No local co-op for the campaign on the pc version- FPS drops,crash,etc....so far not happens here,in my PCGod Bless Us All.to be continue..."
76561197985072747,Recommended,287290,14699404,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Episodic Japanese Survival HorrorI have only recently played through various Resident Evil Games over the last couple of years including the first Revelations. This game is released with a four episode campaign with episodes released at different dates. This allows you to follow the story over time like a Telltale game. However, there is a bit more action involved here. There are four characters you control in all, two sets of two. Barry and Natalia, Rachel and Moira. All characters need to be used to complete episodes. Moira and Natalia have unique abilities that you use to get past certain obstacles. The graphics are quite nice and although you move along a mostly linear path, there are secrets and items scattered around to find, increasing the re-playability. You also have difficulty modes and an invisible and countdown mode for each episode. The story fits nicely into the Resident Evil universe and you will care about the characters on their journey.There is an additonal RAID mode that allows you to fight infected of different types and levels. This is where the game should shine. However, at the time of writing there were a few issues with this:1) I have to play in offline mode, as a soon as it tries to connect to server it freezes or crashes. This is workable, but hopefully it will be fixed at some point soon.2) There is currently no online multiplayer, when added the experience will be twice as good.3) A split screen mode was promised and then removed at last minute. However, they have promised to look into this and offer something to compensate (no idea what at the moment).Basically this is a great game for fans of the Resident Evil universe and there is a lot to keep you interested. You might want to wait until they fix the RAID mode before getting it though."
76561198020895205,Recommended,287290,14977430,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,♘Stryder♘,Better than Resident Evil 6.
,Not Recommended,287290,17265251,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Oniresurrect,"Well I did enjoy a few parts of this game sadly those moments passed quite quickly. the initial story was good enough for a resident evil game but it dragged on in a way that just made it boring by the time I reached the 50% mark. Not saying any resident evil had an absolutely perfect story but at least some kept you wanting to play, this is not one of those resident evil games.TLDR: Game bad, no like old game, Raid good fun with friend if have one. It only worth it on discount.That being said let's look at the other aspects of the game.Champagne:Combat: About the same as any other resident evil, it grows as you progress but ultimately becomes a game of annoyance with slow reaction times and twitchy bullet sponge enemies.Weapons; You start out with your standards and it’s best to keep with them any gun you find will likely do less damage and hold frwer rounds, I honestly dont know why they bothered adding any extra weapons in the campaign I didn't swap one of my originals out the entire playthrough.Environment; I enjoyed the look of most of the maps the designers really did a good job this time around. the only thing I disliked was how the colors didn't change much from inside to outside. it was all a vague brown red with black.Sound; I think the soundtrack and sound effects were spot on, even at times i jumped a bit when enemies entered or chased me because something about the sound actually put me on edge this time around which is something that hasn't happened in a long time for a Resident Evil ( looking at you Nemesis).Champagne; 4/10 it wasn't that good at all, by the time I finished I was more relieved that I didn't have to play it anymore than anything. Really Capcom lets go back to Resident Evil without a partner.Raid Mode:Its fun with friends and a good challenging action game as long as you keep your lvl matched to the map that is. its not that fun solo unless you just want to grind to beat your friends score, well if you find that kind of play fun that is.Raid mode gets a 6/10 only because it didn't start with online Co-Op because an action shoot-em-up cluster **** is the only time you want a partner in Resident evil.All together I think its an ok game definitely get it on a super sale if you're on the fence about it full price is just a joke for this one."
76561198105080096,Recommended,287290,14732753,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,CaRnAgE_MX,"Play the first episode, no coop, but the first revelations was not coop, its a solid game if you like the first one this its much better :)"
,Not Recommended,287290,30587842,Posted: 18 March,all,The Man Who Cant Be Noob,I should have search this game to the internet before buying because I didnt know that you have to buy this game per episode. Really? You have to buy the episodes to play the game completely? Why not make it a single game and sell it for whats it worth. ♥♥♥♥ you Capcom.
,Recommended,287290,19988941,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MyrnaPikachu,"Revelations 2 as an episodic horror works surprisingly well, and even though it may discourage with its weak story and dialogues, the gameplay and strong content are saving the game. Replayability works here well too, so you can spend long hours playing this gruesome entertainment. (;"
,Recommended,287290,19501857,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,IqzI,waiting for next episode 2 :v
,Recommended,287290,31620348,Posted: 8 May,all,No0ne,This'll be about all of'em 4 episodes.You're good. You're very good! Pray tell...  why the fucк are you so dаmn short?
,Recommended,287290,30431185,Posted: 10 March,all,Sardonic the Hedgehog,"Look, I know I'm pretty easy to please. Basically, if a game subtly rouses me from my existential stupor for long enough to snag a lifeless, unfulfilled grin, I will say ""itz purdy gud"".This game does that. I know that doesn't sound like a very good review but, in all seriousness, I find myself waking my PC after a long day of work just to play RErev2 for 30 minutes. It's not phenomenal but it's genuinely not a terrible game. Most people love the Resident Evil games. I loved the PSOne games. I enjoyed 4. I tolerated 5. I even played the forsaken RE games (the outbreaks and even the abysmal RE Survivor on PSOne). Each game I would rate based on their individual merits, or lack thereof, rather than based on brand.That said, I find myself really enjoying this game. There is nothing OUTSTANDING to see here. The visuals are lackluster. The controls are ""ight"". The story (thus far) is vegetative. However, considering the price and a very specific collection of things done well, I would absolutely recommend this game.For me, this game does a lot in a short amount of time. Mostly, I've delved into the raid mode: a level-select, objective style game type. You level character skills and jump into difficulty-based levels. The objectives range from ""OMG MURDER ZOMBIES"" to ""OMG PROTECT THING FROM ZOMBIES"". Zombies can spawn with skills. Players can level up skill. Weapons can be imbued with abilities. Abilities for weapons can be unlocked and issued to weapons.Basically, for a guy with a full schedule, what I enjoy is this:Game loads up quickly, no issues or crashesRaid mode allows for instant gratificationInane but satisfying levelingViolenceCo-op ViolenceSome of the most bizarre emotes ever conceivedWeak but intact campaign (complete with skill tree)I purchased this on sale for some absurb price. If you stumble upon it for cheap, and you're someone who doesn't have a ton of time to kill, I definitely recommend RErev2 (specifically Raid Mode)!"
,Recommended,287290,14988134,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Huniken,"Excellent game, now we need that Online Co-OP future on ASAP for RAID mode, wish it was possible for the campign as well.9/10."
,Recommended,287290,14989168,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BlueBlaze,Now that I have beat the campagian I like to say that this is a very good title and I personaly loved the ending no one messes with Barry NO ONE. The game over all has some glitches here and there with frame rate issues and reacomend a decent system to run it and dont forget twek those settings. There is a ton of content and unlockables in this game also and raid mode is pretty fun I havnt played the mutiplayer addition/mod yet but look forward to do so eventually. But over all it was worth 25$.
76561198032390375,Recommended,287290,24410807,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,hypersonic20,"The Glitchy, Beta, and the Undeveloped.This to me is what Resident Evil 6 should have been, and what sucks is that it had that potential, but due to a really action packed/compact storyline in the campaigns, it never got to really flesh itself out as a true Survival/Horror. But that's another review for another time. Resident Evil Revelations 2 picked back at the series roots, while doing its best to make cohesiveness with the immense success brought upon by the innovative changes that Resident Evil 4 brought (and yes, I would recommend that game in a heartbeat)The Good.Both different segments of the campaign, Claire/Moira and Barry/Natalia, have similarities overall, but just enough uniqueness to keep things interesting when each segment ends. The way you kill the enemies with the red pus on their bodies in Claire's campaign, along with a few others choices and actions, and having them impact Barry's was a nice touch of continuity between both. Both sets of characters had unique weapons and support characters. Claire's weapon set was definitely a touch back to her days starring in Resident Evil 2 and Code VERONICA, while Barry's was reflective of his attunement to the BSAA and preparedness for his investigation. Moira's crowbar/LED flashlight, along with Natalia's brick were nice survival basic touches. The finding of weapons/ammos scattered about the island, enemies no longer dropping items, along with the fact that no two ammo/support packs contained the same amount of said item was a really nice touch in the survival department. The sub-weapons and their combination system was also another nice touch of survival ingenuity, with healing items such as the tourniquets and disinfectant. The flow between switching characters was something that should have been implemented in RE5/6 as it really helped the flow of fights.StoryThe story overall was decent, the flow nice, and there was definitely a few high moments in terms of character progression and development. The only negative in that regard is that Barry and Moira were the only two characters that seemed to develop and progress in the entire campaign. Natalia and Claire were more or less simply 'there', which is really a shame on Natalia's part as she was a big mystery for a big chunk of Claire/Barry's campaign and even after it was all said and done.The BadThe game placed a very very heavy emphasis on ammo conservation, which for a survival horror is normally a very good thing. The only issue is the misbalance between the campaigns. In Claire's campaign ammo conservation is fairly easy as with Moira's flashlight, follow-up attacks and so forth. Saving your ammo for the bigger fights was fairly straightforward, but still retaining enough difficulty to make every shot count. With Barry and Natalia, it was easy when fighting the zombie like enemies and as Natalia's brick functioned similar to Moira's crowbar. But when fighting Revenants and zombies you’re forced more or less to strictly melee all the zombies and save your rounds for the Revenants/miniboss Revenants. The final boss was an ammo sponge for Barry’s campaign, leaving you nothing but (hopefully) the magnum and its hoarded rounds for the final phase. Unfortunately this made inventory a nightmare in Barry's case. The final boss segment was a little disjointed as the boss was fairly large in size for the segments you controlled Barry in the caves, and the shifting back to Claire in the helicopter felt a little awkward as well.FinalOverall, the game was fairly good. I enjoyed the attention to detail in certain areas, and the character development for some. The combat was pretty solid, and the survival aspects added throughout both sets of campaigns really added a much needed survival note to the series. It has a few negatives, but the positives are what is mainly focused on. The series really seems to be going back to its well-established survival/horror roots, and RE7 looks to be only continuing on that path. I give the game a solid 8/10 and give it my firm recommendation to any player progressing through the series."
76561198033978608,Recommended,287290,14817506,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kingsly,"So I was very weary on buying this game when I read the reviews below, all saying it suffers from horrid frame rates and that the games unplayable and awful, blah blah blah. Its only $6, like a meal at wendy's or something, so I figured why not. I loaded up the game expecting awful frame rates and expecting to dive into the graphics menus to fix it. Instead I was greeted with gorgeous cutscenes and a FLAWLESSY running RE:R2. Played for almost 2 hours so far, and havent had a single frame dip or freeze.Gameplay wise, its certainly fun and intriguing so far, but so far im not as hooked as when I played Resident Evil Revelations for the first time (3DS hipster player here), which is easily one of my all time favorite Resident Evil's (didnt play 1,2, or 3 so I cant compare it to those, sorry). It has some very intristing dynamics. You constantly have 2 characters, whether it be Clair and Moira, or Barry and Natalia. You can press tab to swap between the two. Barry and Clair are the offensive ones of the pairs. They do pretty much all the fighting. Whereas Moira and Natalia can find hidden objects, like herbs, ammo, etc and reach or open places Clair and Barry cant. Overall its a pretty cool mechanic that im enjoying so far.I havent tried raid mode yet but if its anything like the original, it will be fun if your just in the mood to blow apart zombies and mutated humanoids.Overall, I think capcoms done a great job. It sure isnt The Walking Dead kind of engaging where it hooks you and makes you want to finish the entire game in one go, but its definitely intriguing, entertaining, and enjoyable to play.My PC specs for those who want to compare: Nvidia GTX 960, 16gigs of ram, i7 haswell 3.4Ghz."
76561198001174431,Recommended,287290,30738876,Posted: 25 March,all,"Vaati, who sold you a flatcap","The raid mode, i'v bought it for that and im not regreting my choice."
76561198014704153,Recommended,287290,29639006,Posted: 1 February,all,WolfauraRose,"I find the raid mode heaps of fun, I played it for over 50 hours before even playing the campaign. Which is the main reason I got this game, to play raid mode with my friend.The campaign and story is quite good, though I don't  like games to have episodes, makes it feel like a TV show. And  the campaign was rather short, only around 10 hours for all episodes. Don't see myself replaying it even for achievements like countdown mode which to me seems very frustrating and not fun.The game has a good atmosphere, it has a creepy feeling to it with interesting enemies and I like the characters.Each episode is played in 2 parts, Claire and Moira and the 2nd part Barry and Natalia.You have a useful gun wielder and almost useless partner that just assists a bit such as Moira helps Claire by shining her torch around and using a crowbar as she is scared of guns.And Natalia is much more useful as a psychic child she can help you find invisible glasps and the weak spot on revenants. You have to control both and switch between them often as they can find hidden ammo and gems and just leaving them to the AI is bad as the one you aren't controlling usually just stands there and gets attacked and doesn't try to dodge or fight.Raid mode while a lot of fun gets tedious if you play it too much especially after you get to lvl 100 and try and farm for rainbow weapons in chests. The drop rate for them is ridiculously low. As in I spend 5 hours opening chests and get 1 rainbow weapon in that time. You have to roughly open about 500 chests for 1 rainbow weapon.I so far have gotten 3 rainbow weapons in around 15 hours of farming chests.I reccomend this game as the raid mode especially is heaps of fun to play and I see it as a game mode that I will keep playing now and then. As long as I don't play it for more than 2 hours at a time as I get bored if I play it too much."
,Recommended,287290,18040957,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BloodNDeception,"After playing through this game for both endings, I gotta say I was really impressed with the approach, it was in my opinion very well written, & it serves as a great prelude to Resident Evil 6. Although their is alot of hate for this new style of Resident Evil, I prefer this style & am really happy with what I purchased, some may not be as happy as I am, but to each their own, this feels like a step in the right direction."
76561198019968672,Recommended,287290,27602970,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,acinfoarchiveツ,Even though the play style really changed and it had some issues its still lots of fun and very creppy to play with friends :)
76561198062528737,Not Recommended,287290,14653804,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,vanororion,"Well I sure did preorder this game, so I'll add my voice to the growing number of upset and dissatisfied customers about this game's launch.  While I don't really intend to coop this offline I do find it disconcerting that it seemed to be advertised as such until the last minute.My real complaint is that my HD 7770 is well above the recommended requirements to run this game...and it runs poorly.  It LOOKS good, but it doesn't play good, especially in the campaign.  I didn't even get far before I stopped playing.  It's simply too big of an issue to ignore with how obvious it is.  RAID mode is a little bit better, but there's still issues there.  I'm not sure if the game is actually running in slow motion, because it seems the movements for enemies is slowed down for some reason...it's hard to tell if that's just how the game is or if it's related to performance issues.Either way, it's unacceptable that this game be released in such a condition.  I rarely preorder games anymore unless I feel they would be a ""sure thing"", and in all honesty, RE4, REmaster, and RE6 all run just fine my PC.  I didn't think I was taking a risk by preordering this game.  I won't be making the same mistake twice.  Is there a way to get a refund/return the game?  Because honestly that's how broken this game is.  And it shouldn't be.Update:  3/30/2015So, it's been over a month since this game came out, and while updates have improved things, the game still suffers from frame rate issues and stuttering.  In the campaign it isn't as bad as it used to be, and seems to level out save for changing areas (the PS4 version has a similar issue but not as bad).  Raid mode is a crapshoot and typically the framerate is still jerking and stuttering for seemingly no reason.  Some missions it's less, some it's more.  The game is playable in the campaign with this, Raid mode less so.  And yes, I updated my drivers, messed with my settings, re-installed the game, and it's STILL having these issues.What's pitiful is that this is marring what is otherwise a damned good game.  On the PS4 I actually enjoyed this game much more than I expected to.  Bu tas it stands I still can't recommend this game with the performance issues it has.  It's playable, but I feel ripped off that this game came out in such a state.  I stand what I said before, and I will not be pre-buying another game for a LOOOONG time from Capcom, or Steam for that matter."
,Recommended,287290,14780207,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,The Pringle Man.,is rly good
,Recommended,287290,20665333,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,amran999♡🌟⭐🌟,العبه مامتعه
,Recommended,287290,14951633,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nines,"Moira Burton utters the words ""Go jump on a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""This game has transcended the pinnacle of video game script writing.10/10"
,Recommended,287290,16551659,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Prez,"Really good game in the RE series - the campaign lasts for over 10 hours and is quite exciting sometimes, although it has its problems, so do not expect a perfect game. If you are not a fan of the series, it might seem mediocre to you, but if you are familiar with RE, you will feel at home! The RAID mode is a fantastic addition that will make you play for tens of hours or even more thanks to daily missions and the{LINK REMOVED}residentevil.net!"
,Recommended,287290,14664931,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,leonid87,"I wasn't going to write a favorable review yet, since the game is still incomplete, but given the torrent of bad reviews from people who barely played it, here's my advice: buy it and have fun AFTER you've read all the information on the store page. Raid mode is better, but, above all, the campaign  is fantastic (so far). And the price is fair. DLC? What about it? It's there."
76561198011864153,Not Recommended,287290,14659636,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Winlancer,"Virtually unplayable. It's bad enough I was sold on the false promise of Co-op...that is non-existant, but also the game is a horrible port to the PC. Severe framrate issues mean your avatar is stuttering all over the game. The controls are also really wonky for the keyboard and mouse set. I was sold on this game because the first Revelations was a great game.... and this disaster makes me demand from Steam My money back. What even worse is the Day 1 DLC!!!! Paying for extra costumes is one thing but extra inventory slots via micro-transactions??? This is as bad as the WarZ. Steam is getting really bad on pre-orders now and it won't be long before i never do that again. Good luck every doing that again to me Capcom. Sga and CA did that to me for Rome 2 and I now refuse to pre-order any of thier things ever again."
76561198051745545,Recommended,287290,25963447,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,vasax,"I've been hesitating whether to buy this game or not for 1.5 years because of many reviews saying that this game is mediocre or bad, I wish I bought it right away. I loved it! This is exactly the game I want Resident Evil to be, it's even better than first installment. It's creepy, music and voice acting is on point, it looks beautiful, runs great on my 9 year old PC, its story is interesting and mysterious enough, atmospehere is very good, it even has some nice jokes that old fans will appreciate. It has some simple puzzles and exploration, you will feel lack of ammunition, so this game is not just some shooter, you will be worried about your life.Switching between characters is fun and using unique skills of different characters is a good game mechanics which works really well.Of course, not everything is perfect: saving system is automatic and sometimes chooses not the best moment for saving if you die and have to replay. Moira's swearing is excessive and doesn't feel natural. Claire's face is messed up - she used to be so beautiful, I don't know why they changed her face features so much, especially when other characters look awesome.As Russian, I was very pleased that they used Russian words and sentences, especially the fact that there were no translation mistakes.Raid mode is win-win, it's like an additional huge game which will keep you coming back for more. I'm having lots of fun  playing it both solo and in co-op mode with different Steam users.Overall great addition to RE universe, highly recommended for RE fans!Capcom, please make RER3 about Jill and Carlos!:-)"
76561198010606611,Recommended,287290,14680414,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr. Poolcheck,"If you liked Resident Evil Revelations then you will most likely be satisfied with this game. In my opinion the single player is better than the first Revelations and is way better then Resident Evil 6.Pros-	The price for the game is rather cheap $25-	Raid Mode is addicting-	Solid gameplay-	Get to finally play Barry Burton in a Campaign-	Lots of content-	Great campaign-	Survival horror themeCons-	There are frame rate issues upon the games release but should be patched soon-	Majority of Raid mode missions are levels from Resident Evil 6-	No local Coop-	Online will be updated at a later date-	Mouse arrow won’t go away during cut scenes. Again this should be patched in the future.Overall the game is a lot of fun, and the issues above don’t ruin the experience for me but might for others, but I would still recommend the game to Resident Evil fans."
,Recommended,287290,14812785,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Seerza,"Needed to manually add the game in the nvidia 3d panel to avoid framerate issues.Story is interesting and mysterious, raid mode is super fun."
76561198076686868,Not Recommended,287290,14653405,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,vlpianvs,"Total Horror!I mean the graphics!...My God! How can they release a product so badly done?I deeply regret buying this! the only hope left is to wait for a patch that solves the huge graphics problems.After playing the first five minutes, I can not help feeling that CAPCOM has ♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥♥Well done CAPCOM! ..."
,Not Recommended,287290,14653436,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Werner Herzog's Shoe Buffet,"Terrible, terrible port. The framerate can go from smooth to chugging in the blink of an eye, the loading times can be atrocious at random times, and changing graphics settings to try and see about getting better performance is the equivalent of trying to figure out a Rubik's Cube.Oh, and of course Capcom ""forgot to mention"" right up until almost literally the last minute that the PC version is offline only for the story mode, which is completly contrary to what was initially advertised This is on top of them having a ton of day 1 DLC ready to drain your wallet for a game you more than likely will not be able to play, or if you can play it you'll HAVE to have fun doing it by yourself as of the launch date.Save your money and get, well, just about anything else really."
76561198057486076,Not Recommended,287290,14667737,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dirk79,"I didn't think that it was possible to do worse than RE5.  Between the crashing, the random frame rate drops and lack of multiplayer one almost doesn't notice that the game play is bad.  It is not the Revelations sequel that I was hoping for.  In fact, it feels nothing like Revelations.  The raid mode layout is atrocious; click on the mannequin to pick/customize your character, click on the juke box to customize your weapons, oh and btw, there is no co-op.  It's a horrible PC port full of disappointment and failure.Almost forgot, microtransactions...Last Capcom game I'll buy."
76561198211147568,Not Recommended,287290,14659320,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,✯HappineSS,"THIS IS a first time i pre-purchase game from Capcom and ur♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off... Wow. idk how to complain about it well there's just some bugs/bad port/horrible framerate/NO online,offline coop/episodes for what? somekind of telltale?/ and i love how capcom spoilers ep1-ep4 before i even start with ep1 xD enough said? so pls capcom make my money worth for buying this game cuz right now i feel like i just throw my money for nothing!! ._.hopefully soon they gonna solve their problems"
,Recommended,287290,14850492,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cormag,"Fantastic game, the story is actually connected to previous games with only a slight connection to the first revelations game if you didn't play it. The raid mode (at the time of writing this has yet to recieve it's co-op) is a fun mode where you level up characters, guns and go through maps from different games (RE6 and Revelations 1).Downsides are that performance is an issue to the point that you can't really play the game, like you could be playing in one area with 60+ fps and then suddenly ""Oh no a fire effect"" shows up and then you're now playing at 30 or less fps. If Capcom ever fixes the performance issues in the future with patches then I highly recommend picking this up.Edit: Apart from the game stuttering when you first load for like the first 5 seconds of firing a gun the FPS issues are no more."
,Recommended,287290,14670210,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SuperSixBravo,"Quick review as I have only completed the story.I would give this 8/10 so far.No performance issues here. 780TI - i72600k @ 4.6ghz - 8GB Ram played at max settings @ 1080p solid 60fps, played with a game pad.Great game, great Story, nice gameplay mechanics with character switching. The graphics are ok but not amazing, the lighting however is really really nice. The player models are good, but some of the enemy models are like ps2 days.Nice interesting story told over a few not overly long cut scenes. Some interesting puzzles especially in the second part of this episode and a few scary moments with some nice surprises.I recommend this game hands down."
,Recommended,287290,14644287,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Revenant,"REV2 IS THE BEST RESIDENT EVIL GAME SINCE RE0 (2002).Yes, it suffers from random frame drops and stutters here and there, but they are slowly being fixed.Besides that, I have to congratulate CAPCOM this time. (it's the first time I do this).Capcom nailed this one.It seems to combine the best of each past title, especially RE5 and RE1-3. I hated how action-oriented RE5 was. But now they managed to get the best of what RE5 had and blend that into the RE1-3 atmosphere.The graphics can look a little 2009ish, because this game problably had a low budget at its disposal, although that's not a problem for me at all.The MAP system is great! One of the things I most hated in RE5 was that the scenarios were too straight forward, no multiple doors to choose from. Therefore, the game didn't need a map.In REV2, you can actually get lost if you don't have a map. And fortunately, they kept the REV1 map style, in which you can only see part of the enviroment and are not able to open the whole map. This increases the sense of claustrophobia. Worked very well in Queen Zenobia and is working on this too, especially in the prison.HOWEVER, this game can be pretty straight forward sometimes, just like RE5.Example: Episode 2 of Claire's campaign. You need fuel and a battery to start the helicopter's engine. Instead of forcing you to search every room in order to find those (maybe solve some puzzles to get them, like in RE1-3), the game simply point out where they are in the map for you. This is pretty boring.But let's get back to where I was. Which elements REV2 got from the past titles? See below.Things they got from RE5:- Partner moves (Like Claire giving Moira a boost so she can climb a broken ladder; Just like Chris and Sheva used to do - it adds a lot to Co-op)- Collectible gems or precious items.- Breakable boxes.- You can give itens to your partner.- Fast enemies that make you feel desperate. This feeling is increased by the almost-tank control.- Can switch between characters to go through certain parts.- Can use the herb with one button instead of going to inventory.- Story is split up into chapters/episodes (Actually, this is not a good point from my point of view, but I'll let you decide. Personally, I prefer open world style. If you agree with me, then buy RE HD REMASTER here on Steam before buying this one).Things they got from RE1-3:- Puzzle-like gameplay. Need to restore power of machine - engine is missing - find engine - restore power.- Super limited line of sight increases the horror factor, especially when the enemies are so fast. U feel helpless. It works just like the outdated tank control.- Good scary moments. I almost peed in my pants in the first 30 minutes.- The workbench works in a similar way to the chest in RE 1-3.REV2 has some unique elements as well, like finding gun parts during campaign (in REV1, you could only do that in Raid Mode) in order to improve your arsenal. These parts are all inside chests with interesting unlocking system.Another thing that I liked is that they not only kept the RAID Mode, but made it better. And let's be real, RAID is much better than Outbreak and Operation Racoon City."
,Not Recommended,287290,14658198,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Vanilla Shield,"Want to know what the definition of Insanity is? Insanity is going the EXACT same f*cking thing... over and over again, expecting sh*t to change... The first time someone told me that microtransactions would take over, I dunno, I thought they were b*llsh*ting me, so boom, I unfriended him. The thing is... He was right. Everywhere I looked I saw these pr*cks buying the same exact game and expecting sh*t to change, thinking this time it was going to be different. You don't believe me that these models are going to take their b*stard throne on our favorite gaming franchises? Do you think i'm lying? F*ck you! OKAY? F*CK YOU.TL;DR-Bad port that still feels like a handheld game.-False Advertising of what should be very basic features of any game in this age.-Capcom treating your PC like a console with these frame rates.I'll beat it to give a more detailed review, but from the start it doesn't look good.Edit #1: First episode now completed and with 2 hours of Raid mode I still don't recommend this game.+ Nice story for the single player. (because I can't play this with a friend yet!)- Raid mode is very ludicrous with these zombies having incredible powers such as a full frontal shield. A shield. A zombie. A zombie with a straight out of Star Wars aura shield. What.- Still very boring not being able to play with an actual co-op partner."
76561198022418595,Recommended,287290,14664713,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sergeant Dildo,"I'm so mad about this not having local co-op, I don't have two game pads or any friends to play with but still. I'm also mad that it has micro-transactions, I only paid $25 for the full game on release date but still.  So many capcom haters. This game is a step in the right direction. It focuses more on horror than other RE titles. I have no problem with frame rates, other than an occasional stutter."
,Not Recommended,287290,14682237,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GUARD,"THIS REVIEW WAS MADE WHEN ONLY EPISODE 1 WAS AVAILABLELiked: - Raid Mode is still fun!- Barry's voice sounds A LOT like the old school Barry I find.- Story (finally not that military crap).- The main enemy is VERY zombie-like.- Claire's scenario had some cool backtracking elements (although the backtracking was not present the entire scenario).- Swapping between 2 characters allowed for some pretty cool gameplay tactics.Disliked: - WAY TOO MANY BUGS!!!!!!!!- No offline coop for the PC version.- It's an episodic game (seriously whoever thought that was a good idea for Resident Evil should think twice before making another game).- Claire is....different somehow.  She's still a bad♥♥♥♥♥but her attitude and personality is different (also the new voice aint bad but I realy wish the Degeneration voice actor was her voice actor in this game).- Game is WAY TOO ACTION ORIENTED.  Not once did I fear I was gonna run out of ammunition and the stealth gameplay should not of been there.  The stealth on its own is fine but it makes the game far too easy and helps in saving ammo that you already have too much of to begin with.- Barry's scenario had practically no backtracking and frankly the game is far too linear overall.- Since you always have someone following you, you will not feel any horror.  Don't buy this game if you're expecting some ""survival horror"".- My PC is beast and Raid mode staggers a lot and feels like my fps is really low (less bad in the campaign but it's still a problem there, especially the staggering).- Raid mode has some micro-transactions involed (not anything that ruins the experience but still annoying).- You may now revive yourself if you die in Raid mode if you have some crystals left.  This makes certain missions far too easy.VERDICT: Man what a disappointment......... if it wasn't for all the bugs and lack of offline coop then I would have probably been happier with the game.  Resident Evil NEEDS to go back to its roots.  Having someone following you all the time removes the horror, the entire game should revolve around backtracking and unique puzzles to solve, the perspective of a 3rd person shooter NEEDS TO GO, and overall Resident Evil Revelations 2 is a step in the wrong direction.  Still getting all other episodes so hopefully the game will redeem itself.  Even if it did, doesn't change the fact that would mean a quarter of the campaign wasn't too good."
,Recommended,287290,15177391,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Effert,A really good game. It has scary parts.. maybe you wont  get scared but i do.Gore: 8.9/10Characters: 9/10Weapons: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Raid mode: 7.6/10Matchmaking in Raid mode: 6/10This game is amazing! if anyone wants to play Add Me!
76561198140117113,Recommended,287290,19431041,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,OlahoSnackBar,RE1 : Jill sandwichRER2: Claire sandwich
,Recommended,287290,15104114,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cla The Ninja,"Best Resident Evil since RE4 (I personally like Rev 2 more than RE4), and an excellent game all-around. And finally a proper RE that focuses on horror more than action. (but ironically delivers a better gameplay engine for action-origented moments than RE5 or 6, or 4 for that matter)Is Rev2 perfect and everything we want from an RE game? No, but it's still pretty damn good for what it is. It's certainly a good foundation for this series to turn around on. If they can leep things rolling in this direction going forward, RE may yet return to the top of the horror genre.Dark, creepy enviroments. Actual zombies that don't wield guns and ride motorcylces. No obligtatory daylight mow-everything-down action sequence.  Pacing that is fast enough that you don't get bored, but deliberate enough that it is unnerving. A story where there was clearly some passion for trying to create interesting and unique plot. Enemies that actually look scary and can be scary to deal with. And arguably the creepiest final boss RE has ever seen. Silent Hill level unnerving if you ask me.Then there's Raid mode. Which is a million times larger and better than Rev1's. Everything you loved from Rev1 but more more more. More levels, more weapons, more parts, more chars, and now skills added the system. (lots of active and passive skills to choose from, which can dramatically change how you play depending on your combination)Yes, the performance issues and lack of offline co-op was incredibly stupid. But that has since been patched. Though I still urge Capcom to give PC players an exclusive gift to properly make up for those mistakes. Doing what you were supposed to do in the first place doesn't count as an apology. But giving us something exclsuive like No Mercy modes for Campaign and Raid... that would make up for how you initially gave us the shaft.I really want some kind of No Mercy mode anyway because if there's any gripe I have, it's that I wish the game would throw more enemies at me some times. This game has the best gameplay engine RE has ever had, but it's kind of wasted on the fact that the game usually throws only 5 or 6 enemies at you at one time. I want those intense moments where there are like over a dozen zombies running at me, and more just keep coming as you kill them. (let me experience craziness like the opening for RE3) So c'mon, add some kind of No Mercy difficult for Raid or something. You owe us something exclusive for botching the PC release. Going back and doing what you should've done in the first place doesn't count."
,Recommended,287290,20625561,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,rikimartin,OLD SCHOOL '''''
,Recommended,287290,33301669,Posted: 5 July,all,ELE,So coolResident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 2 - 10/10RER2 Episode Two: Contemplation - 10/10RER2 Episode Three: Judgment - 4/10RER2 Episode Four: Metamorphosis - 3/10
76561198016335227,Recommended,287290,19829481,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,dr_judym,"RE 6 set the bar low, but this is quite competent RE game. Episodic structure seems to work fine in story mode, as characters working in pairs. The story isn't the strong point here, as usual, and the appearance of that particular voice actress from SH series doesn't do much to help. Also, these quotes from F.Kafka are WTF material in general, and not really meaningful inspiration. The dialogue is on par with usual RE B-movie horror style, although if you're an English native, Moira's teenage millennial bits will probably make your ears bleed. The environments have a bit of a Silent Hill vibe, which is nice.The controls (gamepad) are solid, and so is the gameplay. The Story can be challenging, even on Normal difficulty, and you have to conserve resources to survive. I tried the Countdown Mode, and the Invisible Mode as well, but I found it way too punishing. The Raid Mode is really addictive though – more interesting than Mercenaries, with all the leveling and RPG grind mechanics, despite most arenas having been ripped from RE 6. I'm surprised I had this much fun with the RE game, as this hasn't happened for a while."
76561198250201888,Recommended,287290,19984910,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MassaKratz,"I would say resident evil has come back with a good game and Barry Burton plus Clare Redfield, Pure Genius"
76561198050731782,Recommended,287290,31505037,Posted: 2 May,all,karignisha,This game feel more like the traditinal Resident Evil games. You go around and can explore but at the same stuff shoot things. Will update review once done playing the game.
,Recommended,287290,15027461,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Shred,"Please Capcom, fire your main series RE guys and make Revelations the new norm.Great game, good support through patches (rare for a capcom release) and raid mode has sucked my time away.  Can't wait for the online co-op on March 31st."
76561198039451183,Recommended,287290,15024983,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,mavd94,"In my opinion, it's the best RE game since RE4. REV2 brings back the atmosphere, the puzzles, and horror as well as a nice blend of action. The story is intriguing and the characters are well-written and have actual arcs and development.I've seen some complaints about the graphics, but I think they look great for a low budget $25 game.  The dialogues are still cheesy at times, but they're self-aware, including some nice references and throwbacks to the old games. While it can never compare to the classic RE games, REV2 contains almost everything I love about the series, and it's definitely a step in the right direction.8.5/10 (the resolutions could have been better written)"
76561198038315976,Recommended,287290,15230692,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,kwahmekwahengubamba,"I like the Game and it is overall one of the best Resident Evil Games since code veronica. The single player campain is only not as good as the evil within. compared with the evil within i wourld give RE RV2 an B+ and evil within an A only for the solo campain. On the other hand it has the raid mode in Re RV2 where i spent over 150 hours wich has a long time motivation the evil within doesnt have. I like the raid mode but the only frustrating thing is that the so called ""events"" are giveaway partys for cheater. After 20 sek. google i got a forum page where the people thank an cheat tool programmer for the good working cheats on steam. Nobody cares about this. I dont moan about the optional chance to spend money for micro transactions or other things but events where you have to cheat to get the reward are totaly wrong. Better no event than punch the customer in the face like this."
,Recommended,287290,35313841,Posted: 29 September,all,B C H E E S E,"Not bad. For 0,77 euro it's totally worth it"
,Recommended,287290,14847839,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kaylin,"So a long time Resident Evil fan who loved the good old soap opera sci-fi drama of the horror games. I am talking the original playstation resident evil and even the remake. Was not a major fan of 3s run around and shoot nor the new major action focus of the recent games.This one I feel hit it right on the nail just like Revelations 1 did. The audio is amazing, the story is what I would expect from a typical corny resident evil feel and the dialog is priceless along with references back to the first games and even the new ones. There are moments you have to flee, you need to conserve ammo but not a ton if playing normal or lower, there are a few action sequences and most cut-scenes can be skipped. I would recommend this for any fan of the slow paced puzzle focused resident evil games since it does start to get puzzle focus more in episode 2 and a lot in episode 3.As for raid mode...I really can't comment...a lot of people love that but I am not one of them.This is surprisingly not super hard but it does have its moments. Sadly Co-op online is not available but they did just get co-op offline as in split screen enabled. The frame rates are not an issue for me but my machine is a top line editing machine just recently built in the last year for video editing. I do notice where people complain but if your machine can handle what most ports from Xbox 360 or ps3 have then I feel you won't have much of a problem.The best way to make sure is look up the requirements and make sure you are above the minimum if you intend to buy this for the pc."
76561198180525927,Recommended,287290,20058159,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Creamated Coffee,really good game one of the best re games 10/10 done with story play raid mode its pretty fun just mindless killing
76561198209082131,Recommended,287290,35401886,Posted: 1 October,all,Ash909,"The key point of RE REV2 is on online events(raid mode).But the optimization is worse than RE REV1.Some instant points must drop fps obviously in the game.啟示錄2遊戲重心在線上活動(突擊模式)但不得不提的是遊戲優化不怎麼好甚至比啟示錄一差,經過長時間遊玩發現在遊戲中某些固定點會有明顯掉幀甚至卡頓"
76561198142316291,Recommended,287290,15096176,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Running Space,"i like claire redfield cause i play resident evil revelations 2:P , i think it is a good game!"
76561198096403758,Not Recommended,287290,14645305,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,paddybud,"It's been 2 years after this game was released. And it seems the active players of REV1 (released in 2013 as a Revised Edition) are MORE than REV2 -- a new release in 2015.Drama: Good. The story mode of this game is for most time, above average, except for the last chapter, which indicates a SUDDEN shortage of Capcom's funds on this game.Graphics: Capcom managed to deliver good visual effect with OLD D3D engine techniques. Especially CGs are nicely made, better looking than the RE6, probably because RE6 has too large map contents and flaws of details are unavoidable.Raid Mode:REV1 Raid Mode is absolutely classic.Wait, we are talking about REV2? Oh sorry, here is what you wanna see:If you are looking for some fun for some hours, this Raid Mode will do just fine. When you get a LV100 character with all skills learned, the ugly side of this Raid Mode is watching you. That said, the replay value of REV2 raid mode is low, because of the following few but disastrous flaws:1. Guns and Parts destroy/keep relationship. You cannot combine weapons and parts AT WILL like in REV1. It indicates the REV2 game designer is obviously not confident in the replay value of this game in the 1st place, so they manage to think of this boring and smart♥♥♥♥♥(you are right, that's an♥♥♥♥♥ ASRE, not a guy) plan to try to prolong your gaming hours.2. The online coop mechanism of this Raid Mode is a Mathaf♥♥♥♥♥ing Hellhole. They could've done it like the RE6 coop session, where you can see others playing alone and join them in-game. But they managed to deliver this extremely basic coop program, which tells you to open a session and  WAIT LIKE AN IDIOT. Well, if that's all so Technical to you, let's put it in some simple way, Capcom wants to tell you: Those who want to enjoy coop in REV2 raid mode, F*** OFF!3. The only lasting appeal of this Raid Mode is the poor events ofRE.NET, which they usually present you with""Residentevil.netservices are currently unavailable"" when you try hard to complete an event mission and find this message in-game and you know you are screwed. But in REV1 Raid Mode, theRE.NETdoes have better a mechanism of data uploading, that said, even with such fail notice""Residentevil.netservices are currently unavailable"" , you will probably still find your event data successfully updated onRE.NETfor REV1.It's a good game if there was no Revelations 1."
,Recommended,287290,15095052,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DR.CEREAL,"Either that the game does not support multiplater now or maybe later, the game is great and I recommended it for those who are beginning to get into the the franchise as well for veterans.I had to play with my girlfriend on the same monitor and it was annoying since I did'nt get to enjoy all the glorious graphics.Performance issues were fixed later and that's the reason I was waiting to give it a proper review after everything had been almost fixed."
,Recommended,287290,15183323,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GrimmyBuster,"Revelations 2 of the raid mode is better than Revelations 1.not thing to say,you try RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS 2 will feel  how good is it."
,Recommended,287290,14987972,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,Awesome game what to excpected from resident evil
,Recommended,287290,15037460,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Kabraxis,"What a fantastic Resident Evil game. I'll make it short. Fantastic, dense atmosphere, some really evil jumpscares which I did not see coming at all,  there's enough ammo in the game but you have to make sure you're not wasting anything and use your melee weapon(s) from time to time. Combat feels solid, the story is fantastic (well at least for a Resident Evil game it really is top notch) and the characters are really likeable. For me, especially the (playable) support characters who do not use firearms. As a nice little side effect this makes the game so much more interesting.Playtime for me was about 15-18 hours, including the two (DLC) Extra episodes. And my god, those two Extra episodes were great. While The Struggle was kind of a Single Player Raid Mode experience, Little Miss just blew my mind, it was a different gameplay experience, had a ton of fun. But careful, no weapons in this one at all.By the way, Revelations 2 feels much less clunky than Revelations 1. It's a really, really good game. That's what it is."
,Recommended,287290,18183753,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,mark | dj.,"+ Decent graphics+ Semi-competent AI partner+ Boss fights+ Raid mode+ The different stories blend well...+/- Voice acting, like basically all Resident Evils, is hit and miss- ... but give us repetitive and bland environments- Some parts are just plain boring/slow- No scares, at all- Episodic release format felt unnecessary[Rating: 74/100]"
,Recommended,287290,31493831,Posted: 1 May,all,Anderson,Pros : Claire and Barry returned <3Story is interestingRaid mode is funCons : There are times when there are random small FPS drops but nothing hugeI highly recommend it for RE fans!
76561198197123261,Recommended,287290,20552786,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,"So i just finished the game in campaign and i must say wow....this game is fantastic....the graphics are great, the creepy lighting is fantastic....i am a resident evil fan from way back when the resident evil games were on sega dreamcast.i cannot say enough about this game.   if you are a fan of resident evil zero cooperative character playstyle you will love this.  you need too switchbetween characters to accomplish tasks and solve problems.  the gameplay is fluid..the story is good.  everything i would expect from a resident evil game.  Thecontrols are great...i didnt have any problems with them at all.   The really nice surprise is the raid mode.  it is justpure fun!!  you definitely should buy this game.  you wont be dissappointed."
,Recommended,287290,33566203,Posted: 15 July,all,Alien Rope Burn,"Better than expected.Resident Evil has been pulled in two directions. You have games like Resident Evil 4 and 5 that dial up the action quotient, with large bosses and ridiculous plots. Then, you have the older installments and pieces like Resident Evil Revelations, that dialed things back closer to classic survival horror. And Revelations 2 is caught somewhere inbetween the two branches of design that'll gave us Resident Evil 6 and 7. Odder still, it's a weird hodge-podge of marketing, trying to be episodic without a compelling reason to do so, and being a largely standalone sequel to a 3DS game for big-boy consoles. Even odder, it doesn't even follow on the original Revelations' story, referencing a few of the characters as being connected to it... but they weren't in the original Revelations, so it feels more like hamfisting the connection in. Ultimately, it's an odd duck, but one I was surprisingly pleased by.Intitially, it has some strong gimmicks. Each character you play (Claire or Barry) comes with a sidekick. Unlike the sidekicks of the previous game, however, you can switch over to them freely, and they have a completely different set of abilities. To me, part of the unintentional Resident Evil ""secret sauce"" of the better games is having controls that are just uncomfortable enough to keep the tension up without being totally miserable, and the character-switching is a big part of that this time. It won't change people's minds about Resident Evil, but the tricks it has are engaging... for a time. As the game goes on, using your sidekick's ability to search for findables in particular wears thin. There's also the strange issue where the sidekicks get regenerating health and the main character doesn't, meaning I turned one of them into the occasional suicide solider against explosive enemies.While the gunplay is comfortable (for the series itself) and satisfying, the new systems are engaging, and the script is strong (for a Resident Evil game) this game occasionally clunks. In one campaign, you can stealth around enemies... except for some rare ones triggered by... I don't even know? Using the peculiar new systems can reduce the need for gunplay to the occasional formality or scripted attack. There's one whole set of findables I found but never could figure out how you actually claim them. At one point I upgraded a character's senses enough I could spot enemies spawning in from time to time. Enemies, albeit very rarely, would get stuck on walls. At one point I exploited a boss by just swinging around a railing over and over. There's that occasional uniquely Resident Evilclunk, and if that bugs you, you may want to steer clear (of the whole series).It's a touch longer than it needs to be - or needed a budget slightly higher - as it starts to really repeat itself in Episode 3, which in many ways feels like it's killing time for the conclusion. Though most of the enemies are interesting enough, with multiple attack patterns, it quickly settles into repeating them. If you liked fighting an enemy once, even some of the bosses - don't worry, they'll be back! What was harrowing the first time gets routine, unfortunately, even if some of the later bosses get better. Unfortunately, the strongest boss sequence is locked behind the ""good"" ending, so look that up if you want to see it.With all those nitpicks, why does it get a thumbs up? Well, for me Resident Evil has always been b-movie fun, and this delivers on that note. Barry and Moira Burton are really enjoyable characters for me to spend some time with. While it's probably middle-of-the-road as far as the series goes, not rising to the greatest heights of the series or the lowest lows, it manages tension fairly well and always kept me feeling a little unsafe even when the coast was clear. While I'd argue Resident Evil hasn't often done legitimate horror that well, it's often managed to deliver ontension, and this does that reasonably well. And now that you can just buy the whole thing, the episodic nature isn't a major issue. Resident Evil has never been a perfect game, and this isn't the strongest, but it's an enjoyable run if you like the series. If you haven't played 4 before this, though- go back and get Resident Evil 4 first, at the very least.The DLC is a real step down, however. Little Miss is a series of stealth levels that, despite a neat gimmick in being able to free-roam the level with a second character and pick out guards, falls fairly flat. The Struggle is an attempt to inject half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥roguelike... ness into a series of challenge levels, and for me fell extremely flat despite of how much I enjoyed Moira, due to its punishing continue system. Both offer some additional but not particularly necessary introspection for each of their characters, which is about the only strong reason to play them. However, the most economical package for the game essentially tacks all the DLC on for free, so it's a question of whether or not it's worth your time rather than your money.Played through the main campaign on normal enough to achieve both the good and bad endings. Played Little Miss to completion on casual, and The Struggle to near-completion on casual."
76561198139072720,Recommended,287290,24378421,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ariestheapex,"(For a synopsis of my thoughts check overall at the bottom.)This is a decent RE title. Honestly the series lost me at RE5. Unlike most fanboys who claim halfway through 4 was the death of the series (The end of four seemed to be an actions shooter while he first half seemed to be a horror shooter) I actually liked mostly all of them for individual reasons. Six is the only one that was total crap to me. This series has been all over the place really. Even the new one coming out (Resident Evil 7) which is a first person horror thriller.Story: It was a decent game really. I started out liking the first few episodes. The concept behind it is very interesting. As a minor spoiler alert, I would like to tell you the actual setting of the game. Claire and Miora get kidnapped and taken to a island where they are toyed with by a woman named the overseer. She paces a bracelet on everyone that if they become o frightened a virus activates in them. This is a really cool concept to me. Barry comes to the island to recue Miora after he recieves her radio transmission. He meets Natalia which is his partner for the rest of the game.The story how ever was dissapointing, while the concept was amazing. At times it had me thinking about how it is just another RE action shooter. The story failed to grasp me. The end is what upset me the most because it did not seem possible. It also was clearly setting up a sequel which I have interest in for only one part:The Gameplay: This is by far the best part of this game. Reminded me a lot of RE 4 which is my favorite game of all time. Great mechanics and shooting. Little things like dodging or turning 180 degrees around on spot are little mechinics that make a whole lot of deference. Miora uses a crowbar because she refuses to use a gun. She is also equipped with a flashlight which I liked a lot. It added more the gameplay as well. Blind an enemy with her then uses partner fighting actions to tkae the infected down without using ammo. She also uses her flashlight to find objects which was tideous and was a hindrance cause it kind of slowed me down. I am all for hunting hidden things in games but this method was annoying to me. Especially since she points out things that physically cannot be in their locations or one would see with the naked eye. Natalie uses her finger to point at objects to my same dissapointment.The shooting is great, most of the infected you interract with have specific ways to kill them. There is a specific bug though that is invisible to Barry and Claire that is really annoying to kill. That was my only gripe. There was a giant guy who threw fire from a barrel which was an interesting idea? But I actul]ally enjoyed my few interractions with him.Overall: It is worth it for the gameplay and concept. The story is not that interesting at all. I played like an episode a day. It did not keep me to interested but was just a great shooter to pick up and play here and there. There also a few cool mods for this game outside of steam workshop."
76561198084819662,Recommended,287290,24376341,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,pauldiazberrio,"A very concise, very confined, yet atmospheric adventure. The characters play their roles well, but the narrative ends just when things could get interesting. Technically impressive, realistic and soulful, but piecemeal and inconclusive are the best words to sum up Revelations 2. It needed more depth and events to really be a noteworthy installment, but while the fire burns, the game is entertaining.Having said that, though, nothing much new is added and overall, the story seems like more of sketch of a good plot that ends before it reaches fruition. In terms of gameplay, Revelations 2 is just as fun as the original. The bombs and blasts are worthwhile and some of the enemy designs are inventive, but, in general, Revelations 2 is more of a refurbishment of a game that should really have more original ideas."
,Recommended,287290,30680929,Posted: 22 March,all,[G]rymtn,"Game is awesome to play together story is good and moira side story dlc and little miss side story mission definitely earns their respect in my eyes.Pros:-Good athmosphere to go in the night together with your character-Good wide range zombie and other infected models(including all kinds)-Unique gameplay system in dlc side stories-Perfect challange for skilled players with extra ""invisible enemy mode"", etc. (see spoiler pros/cons)-Raid mode(multiplayer) unlockables throughout the story mode-Totally customised and specialised character specs in raid mode(also limited on story mode)-Totally customisable weapons stats in raid mode along with weapon levels and part upgrades(no weapon level and no part upgrade system in story mode)Cons:-Has compability problems like a ported game from a console causing lags and freezes(fixable through options ini file)-Raid mode musics get annoying and doesn't get you in a good athmosphere to go thru-No ""actual"" story in Raid mode-Has some ridiculous achievements that can be blocked in your one run just because you used your other character in story mode(in second run you have second chance its not blocked forever)-Dlc side stories are too short to get enough of it :)Spoiler part from now on:Pros:-Has secret difficulties in both story mode and Raid mode(its almost impossible to go alone in Raid mode on secret difficulty)Cons:-Have to grind for hours and hours for one not that good item, its almost impossible to grind good level parts so your grinds will be for parts and levelling them up"
76561198242171822,Recommended,287290,23749216,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,S.T.A.R.S.,"Why is the 1st episode only £0.84 then the others are full price (except on summer sale where they are still £3.19 each). Lower episode 2, 3 and 4 to £1 each and I would buy them in a heartbeat but still trying to get people to buy 1st episode with cheap then charge more for the remaining, lame. I only wanted this for raid mode but can't even get all raid levels/characters/content without purchasing all episodes. Lower price of episode 2, 3 & 4!"
,Recommended,287290,14966565,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Yoshi,"While I thought this one fell short of its predecessor, it's still worth a spin. I found the story compelling, and I like the parallel paths. I only wish that each one only had one character, as the forced faux-op led to some frustrating parts. I'm glad they kept the TV-like ""previously on"" and ""next time on,"" and the fact that this one was released episodically made that even more welcome to those of us who have joined the 21st Century. However, I hope to never see invisible enemies previously, currently or next time on in any future iterations of this sub-series. For anyone who has encountered them but not finished the game, it's going to get worse."
,Recommended,287290,15855208,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CodenameAlp1n5 #Maybe,"Grafikler:+ Ara bir oyun için hoş grafiklere sahip. Kaplamalar daha güzel olabilirdi fakat başta da dediğim gibi ara oyun çok şey bekleyemiyoruz. 7.5'tan 8/10Oynanış:+ Revelations'ın ilk oyunuyla hemen hemen aynı oynanış hakim oyunda. Resident Evil 6'nın etkisinde kalıp fazlasıyla aksiyona bağlayan bir oyun olmaması da bir diğer artı unsur. 8/10Senaryo/Hikaye:+ Öncelikle hikaye ikiye bölünmüş, ikişer kişilik toplamda dört karakterin başrolünde gerçekleşiyor. Her ikilinin hikayesi farklı olsada ortak amaçları olduğunu görmekteyiz. Hikaye başarılı olarak sunulmuş. 8/10Eski Oyunları ile Kıyaslama:+ Ara oyun olduğundan serinin temel oyunları ile kıyaslayamayız tabi fakat Revelations'ın ilk oyunu ile kıyaslama yapacak isek, ilk oyuna göre daha güzel görünüyor, mekan çeşitliliği daha fazla vs. Bu oyun karşısında ilk oyunun avantajı Jill Valentine olacaktır.)Sonuç:+ İlk Revelations'ı da beğenmiştim bu oyunu da almanızı tavsiye ederim fakat şöyle bir karmaşa var, siz 12 TL verip oyunun sadece ilk bölümünü alıyorsunuz. Oyun toplamda beş bölüm ve beş bölümüde dahil 50 TL'ye satılıyor. Bu rakam bence bir ara oyun için fazla. Her şeyi dahil 40 TL'yi geçmemeliydi bence ve oyun direk 50 TL olarak sunulsaydı keşke, 12 TL yazılması çok yanlış anlaşılabiliyor. Ayırca Raid Mode'u da ilk oyundaki gibi devam ediyor. Son olarak Resident Evil'a yeni başlayacaklara tavsiye etmeyerek 8/10 ile herkese keyifli oyunlar diliyorum.Wesker Never Die !"
76561198148929781,Recommended,287290,26686871,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SANDAL,Very nice horror ;D
,Recommended,287290,17031495,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DeadlyDoRight,Even better than RE Revelations 1.More of the same but in my opinion in better quality and quantity.Good combination of action and puzzles.For those who like to be also cerebrally challenged this game is it.Reminds me of Tomb Raider and Half-life 2 in this respect.Also coop gameplay is decent but there may be times when youmay not always find a partner to play with.Even in singleplayer raid mode is entertaining and can be a challenge.
76561198372889257,Recommended,287290,33545273,Posted: 14 July,all,Lacika201235,"Revelations 2 is my first Resident Evil purchace . I really enjoyed the story and found the game play and puzzles challenging and interesting. I prefer just click to shoot rather then right click to aim then left to fire , this made little sense other then using a sniper type weapon . After adjustment I worked though it . DLC Bonus offers lots of points for skills if you can work though it . Little miss with some practice is IMO far easir then The Struggle . Overall 4/5 :)"
,Recommended,287290,25384083,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,RepuTAYtion (rockworm),This is when the sequel is by far superior in every way.  Revelations 1 was just a straight up shooter.  This one is also a shooter but its also a horror game.  There were a few moments that genuinely got me.  Which isn't easy.  There's a cool partner mechanic that has you switching between characters.  Since coop only works split screen and i couldn't find anyone to play with I can only say how good the singleplayer is.  And I loved it very much.  Where the first game was boring me by the end this one kept me invested.  And this coming from someone who doesn't care about Resident Evil.But enough about the campaign.  Thats not why you play this.  The Raid mode is where its at.  Who knew something this simple could be so fun?  Its just killing enemies in small levels by yourself or with a coop partner if you can find anyone online to play.  Its funner than it sounds.  I'm completely addicted to this mode.  Trying to get the medals for every level and leveling up your characters is a blast.  And the levels are short so you don't have to invest a lot of time in it.  Ironic because this turns the game into a full on shooter and that was my complaint about the first game.  But to be fair the campaign has the good spooky horror so it fills both slots really well.  And also this does it better.  If its gotta be an action game might as well be a good one.Not since RE 4 have I thoroughly enjoyed a game in this series so much.
,Recommended,287290,25816248,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,cass,"Feels more like resident evil 4 then any other past titles it's a shame the story mode has no online co-op, but the make up for it with raid mode which is very fun and if you like resident evil games i suggest buying the collectors pack because raid mode has alot of hours worth of content."
76561198066682662,Not Recommended,287290,14681999,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,{ Else },OMG.Ive played some resource-demanding games but this one take the biscuit.Not only is my GPU struggling with the visual but the damn think keeps red-lining my Quad-core (3.4) i7 !!!I think CAPCOM have a lot of work to do.Not impressed so far.
76561198070964828,Recommended,287290,14679498,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Nana,This game may not be like RE1-4 but it is well and fun.
76561198027554664,Recommended,287290,14680530,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Formosan/Edgar,"I had very bad feeling about this game. I was afraid, that it will not be as good as first one, but I was wrong. It's a very good game, probably the best Resident Evil game since Remake and Resident Evil 0. It has interesting gameplay, that really is innovative in many terms (characters having different roles, in a survival horror). It is first RE that has really god atmosphere with two characters. The reveal of first non-zombie monster was awesome - that is what I imagine, when I hear ""monster reveal"". Also, despite me having really weak computer, the game works almost perfectly. I am really blown away by this game. If more RE will be like this, the series will come back to a role of king of survival horrors (as Alien Isolation is just one game)"
,Recommended,287290,14678201,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,NoobGamer75,"I've not finished the campain episode yet, but I'm really really enjoying it so far, after i fixed the fps glitching / popping / lag, by turning the game to 30 fps in the options with everything else set to full, the game runs perfect now.Can't wait for all the episodes, loving the story."
,Recommended,287290,14654632,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Awe,"This game is absolutly good, and has everything that you probably never wonder imagine.U want try Alan Wake pff get over it, flaslights here frays zombie's faces, you miss Hl3 Here u have a girl with a corwbar to hit to death deadly zombies as our greatest hero Gordon Freeman; miss Dark souls 1 camera angles, glad u didn't coz here they come again for you enjoyment. Also you are permanently traveling trough time and space thanks to magic fps changes from 60 to 2 in just split seconds, Awesome game it only need collectable hats to be perfect.Apart all satiric and bad humor jokes the game its ok, enjoyable as any other RE plus zombies don't drop ammo on this one like the other shooter-like RE this one is more focused on survival horro thematic."
,Recommended,287290,14655286,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Inyourfacebook,I really enjoy this game. If you liked the first revelations this will make you happy. It's nice to see a system that lets you control both characters. It's also a better story than six at the moment.
,Recommended,287290,14670514,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SakouTH,"""who's the master of unlocking now""fast review for episode 1;-i was kinda exited to play with claire again but turned out that barry's campaign was much better.-creepy enviroment (i felt like slender man was following me in that forest).-supplies are limited also no more drops from enemies (FINALLY).-invisible mode like in the re remake and a chrono mode with a time limit. (invisible is annoying as hell)-graphics, honestly i never cared about that, i can't even tell the difference between other games graphic quality. (claire is ugly tho even i can notice that not to mention jill...)-raid mode is a lot of fun and much better than the previous leveling each character add a lot replayability to it. (no more global level)EDIT:-no more co op? cool with me,offline Co-op was added-technical problems, crashes, freezes, fps.FIXEDone last thing wtf is wrong with that moira costume? they sold me a quarter of a hoodie for 3 bucks."
,Recommended,287290,22788027,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,vicki.susie.lum,"As a big fan of the resident evil game series, I at least expected more...I can't believe I finished it in a 4 hours flat. Not taking into consideration the interruptions with family. I can see how they want us to purchase the other parts, but I would prefer to have all levels combined into one game at one price. Yet this one was fun and the graphics was impressive."
76561198001604951,Not Recommended,287290,26315479,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zwei,"No Co-op in co-op oriented game because developers couldn't port this game right, why bother when you can sell it anyway am I right? Parts of the game are way more difficult as a result because they were made with two players in the mind. Switching characters is annoying and you have to go through every map twice, first with main char to take down enemies then with second sub char with flashlight to pick up things because for some reason you have to first flash your flashlight on it and only then you can pick it up.Stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ episodic content butchered port.Shouldn't buy the first episode."
,Recommended,287290,14936220,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Kennyass,I can't play this game alone because that make me feel scare.Coop mode make me happy.I can play this game with my bro.
76561198177856786,Recommended,287290,15700965,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,E_tothe_X,"Great addition to the Resident Evil series. I definitley felt like I was playing the old Resident Evil, the one we all liked :). I also like the way you play with two characters at a time in this game, and it makes for interesting new situations.I gave it a 10/10 if you are a lready a resident evil fan, if not i give it a 8-9/10"
,Recommended,287290,14892300,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Foxboi,"RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS / BIOHAZARD REVELATIONS 2ScariestResident Evil gameI have played since I played 4 on release.PROS:Jumpscares are plentiful. Atmosphere is dark and moody.RARELYany QTE as opposed to RE6.Enemies can be tough and aren't a cakewalk like the last couple of games. Hard mode is hard. The skill system is nice, I like it. FInding parts for your guns is always nice.CONS:Ammo can be tough to find, especially near minibosses.The lockpicking system seems kind of lame.Due to being a budget game, the FPS is really bad sometimes even on high end rigs.Microtransactions in Raid Mode.Yes, this is optional but I don't like microtransactions all that much.Overall Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,287290,15081505,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shao,"For all the reviews i've seen, i'm seriously disappointed by the lies and anger community gets. Revelations 2 is pretty good with it's different concept from other Resident Evil's, you sure should give it a try since you can even buy parts of the game separately which i find to be an amazing idea to avoid spending to much money if you don't appreciate the content. All aside, there was a few bugs, but instead of staying forever, CAPCOM got their stuff right and fixed what was mostly needed and still keep updating the game, which anybody should appreciate. DLC's are the only disappointing part, they don't give you too many benefits, that's GOOD, but calling recent game maps port ""Nostalgic maps"" that is NOT EVEN a single older Resident Evil map remake DEFINITELY is a nono, seriously Barry is a character that we haven't seen SINCE RE1, don't you think a raid mode map in the Mansion would have made sense? I don't get you CAPCOM, i'm sure you knew about it."
,Not Recommended,287290,14675605,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tinkles,Congrats on being the reason I quit gaming all together. Just the last in a long line of games from many developers that is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at best and and out right scam at worst. Save your money. Go buy your mom something nice or take her out to dinner.
76561197971841494,Not Recommended,287290,14682583,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Delete,"Painful frame rate drops for the first 20 minutes,The game itself is very good 10/10 and storyline is what you would expect from a Resident Evil title."
,Recommended,287290,14859628,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"Since I've written 2 previous thorough reviews & they keep getting removed(for some reason), I will try it again by just saying BUY this game, for the price there is alot here to have fun with, ESPECIALLY if you're an RE fan because of the great new story and characters, I am having alot of fun with this game & am glad the episodes are here very week on-tim(cough:talltale). So yeah, 9.0/10, oh & if you're a completionist and really enjoy the gameplay, Raid Mode is also tons of fun & awesome.;-)"
,Not Recommended,287290,19952652,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mike Pence,"I wanted to play Co-Op, but turns out I can not play ONLINE Co-Op on AN ONLINE CLIENT. Take the Co-Op portion off, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,287290,14652415,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Der Huhn,"First of all, Co-op was THE reason to buy this title. It was advertised as a co-op game and well on the consoles it is. The PC Players got screwed big time and this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.The game is not that bad at all, but Campcom was misleading it´s customers and this is a no go.  So if you want to play Co-op, this is NOT for you.I just tossed my Money out of the windows. Thanks Obama."
,Recommended,287290,14645454,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Keyboardshinobi,"Ok first and formost this is the most fun Ive had in a RE title in years. RE6 to me was nothing short of a absolute disaster. And RE5 was just gears of evil. While I did enjoy Rev 1 it had its moments that had me just annoyed and frustrated (on both 3DS and PC) but I LOVED raid mode.That said...I have been Loving REV 2.So far Ive only completed Clairs story and will knock out Barry's soon, but I had to dive into Raid mode and to my surprise I loved it even more.So Campaign is a kind of shout out to RE roots with a shot and being atmosphirc and scary. Now while the scares are really just jump scares it has a very Evil Within feel to it and Im fine with that. Now as I played threw the story I did get a few of these framerate drops but they were few and far between eachother and by no means made the game unplayable. As for the AI its back with all of its stand in everything stupid glory. I found doing the game on survival Difficulty was borderline impossible due to the AI having their own Health this time around and being very adverse to shooting a freaking gun. That said I dumped down the difficulty and just sat back and steam rolled it to a pleasent start to a decent story looking foward to the rest of the episodes.Now Raid modeIt is sooooooo much better than Rev 1 first and formost the Maps. They dont just throw you into locals from the single player game no they toss you into locations spanning from from what ive seen so far RE2-6 which I love. The character progression is seperate this time around and the skill tress add for a nice addition to leveling up (btw Hunk SOOOO OP) the fighting is far more fluid and while the aiming took a bit to get used to Im pleasently happy with it as I havnt had any issues with getting Head shots. The Gun customazation has been awesome. Instead of just basic pierce and knock down you can add elementle affinities to your weapons (all the old stuff is still around) which again adds to a deeper custimization than the first.All in all im 100% happy with my purchase and cant wait for Online to come out in 4 weeks so I can tackle raid mode with my friends. The AI is trash but that has been the case for years now nothing new to the RE series there (ashley was the only ""decent"" ai) Also Ill say the facial graphics leave something to be desired as when they talk their mouths just kinda flop all over.So if you were a fan of REV 1 id recommend this absolutly. If you only enjoyed Raid mode with friends id say wait till all 4 episodes are out up to you but for sure pick this one up."
,Recommended,287290,14643887,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Lilphish,"So far I've really been impressed with this game.  I've also been playing RE Revelations on the 3DS, and while this game is different, it is still a lot of fun.  You can actually move and shoot, and the controls are excellent this time around.  Some people of the franchise may have issues with this, but don't worry as it doesn't take away from the game at all.  At least not for me.  I'm glad I purchased this and I would highly recommend.  I'm also getting a consistent  60fps while playing at 4k resolution.  The game looks great and the sound effects are awesome."
76561198067784172,Not Recommended,287290,24996050,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TomTheChaOne,"I hate not recommending this game. It was incredibly fun my first playthrough, but any replay value has been completely shot by Capcom's unwillingness to fix their damn pc ports. On my nvidia gtx 960 and i7 processor of all things, it can only run in a small window, and any attempts to turn on full screen are met with a black screen, white border and inevitable crash, and I don't need to tell you how much crappier a horror game is when I'm trying to play on a window a quarter the size of my television screen. I've bought A LOT of Capcom's Resident Evil ports on steam, and while most tend to run pretty well, the remake of the original easily being the most smoothly ported, this one can't seem to stay updated with modern systems.I didn't mind the episodic releases, I didn't even mind getting the costume DLC 'cause I'm such a rabid RE fanboy, but I do mind when a developer flat out ignores a third of their potential market.8/10 purely on merit of Barry becoming the Master of Unlocking and Claire almost getting turned into a sandwich"
,Recommended,287290,17743445,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TCG,"While not too noticeable ,the controls can get a bit unresponsive,and switching between partners isn't implemented as well as it might have been.Also the AI could use some work and tweaking.Good story and atmosphere and overall a decent Resident Evil experience and a step in the right direction for the franchise."
,Recommended,287290,18150933,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Royale with cheese,"Great coop, both story and ""raid mode""."
,Recommended,287290,17495460,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ShXIII,"This has to be one of the best RE games I have played in a very long time. Graphics\sound\control\gunplay were all very good. The FOV was borderline bad but just tolerable enough for me to not get a headache too often, no fix available either. The save system uses checkpoints but I never had an issue with it and it worked very well. I loved how the devs strategically wanted you to lead with the weaker character in order to find the goods, ammo/health etc. All the new characters were great additions to the franchise and of course the return of Barry is just badass, the story is very well done too. Definitely has a grittier feel and atmosphere then other RE games, felt more similar to Silent Hill or The Evil Within in my opinion. It has a much slower pace (which I prefer) than the previous action packed RE5 or RE6. If you are a RE fan DON’T miss this game. The only complaints I have are the lack of online coop, no FOV slider and the two bonus chapters are a little weak but do a good job of filling in the missing pieces to the story.Play this game."
76561198166648297,Recommended,287290,20708687,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,jonathonrutman,"I love the way this game was made,  enjoyed the play thourghs.  normally don't like to be lead thourgh a game by a set storyline.  But this surprized me and would recommend it to others."
76561198058880216,Recommended,287290,20853883,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SigNalLosT,The most difficult of resident evil series. I love that feeling of panic whe play this game.
76561198016687725,Recommended,287290,15333281,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TheSchaeff,"*At the time of writing this review, I have completed the first 4 main episodes on normal, the Struggle, and started Little Miss. I have also played about 7 missions in raid mode.This is by far my favorite game in the series. If you like the older resident evil games, or any of the silent hill games, this game is for you. Even with full and easy control of your character, the game STILL manages to be super creepy.Here are some things you WON'T find in this game:- QTE's- Boulder punching- Spamming a button to pull yourself up a ledge on the final boss fight- Steroids- Huge mobs of zombies- Enemies riding motorcycles and firing guns- Huge♥♥♥♥♥♥- Boob physicsIs it groundbreaking? No. Is it as bad as everyone says it is? No. I honestly don't see the hate around this game. It's just REV1 with every last drop of CoD siphoned out. I like resident evil for the atmosphere, and the environments. I'm also not a fan of fixed camera angles, so keep that in mind as well. In my opinion, this and RE4 are the two best RE games currently out there (RE Remake would be second best).Pros:- Amazing atmosphere and visuals- Interesting enemies and bosses- Limited ammo and supplies- Stealth missions- Companions don't get in the way as much as say, Ashley- Companions also aren't completely worthless- Characters aren't roided out or shoving their♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥down your throat- Characters react realisticly to the situation at hand- No QTEs (except when a monster grabs you, then you must shake the mouse)- Solid controls- Inventory management and combining- The inventory system is easy to use and navigate- Skill trees for upgrading your characters in the story mode- Creepy as♥♥♥♥♥♥- It's just really fun- Interesting story and character development- Raid mode is very arcade-y, but is doesn't try to be anything else- Raid mode has a bunch of maps from RE6- Raid mode has two-player COOP- Offline campaign coop- An absolute ♥♥♥♥-ton of stuff to unlock (figures, concept art, challenge mode things, weapons, etc)- Challenge mode thing for levels (all enemies invisible, time limit, etc)- Decisions in the past affect the futureCons- No online campaign (but there is an offline coop campaign)- When I first load a level my CPU usage maxes out for a bit, killing the framerate and causing frequent jitters and freezes (doesn't happen to everybody, and goes away after a minute or so)- Companions can sometimes get hung up on enemies, but I have yet to have a companion actually die from an enemy- Mouse input could be smoother- Really bad lip-sync in-game, but not noticable unless you always look at characters' faces when they speak- Lots of hackers in raid-mode (although if playing with friends only, there isn't much of a difference)- You have to unlock things and also buy them with BP (in-game currency), could be frustrating for some- More enemy types would be nice, but there are still way more than REV1."
,Recommended,287290,18696861,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,|OG| Combo,"Feels a little more like Resident Evil. Interesting gameplay with the AI partner character. The story is as cheesy as ever, yet entertaining like a B-side horror flick. Enemy variety is decent, and invisible enemy’s are a nice touch. RAID mode is awesome, customizable skills, weapons, and a large cast of characters. This is a fun game, RAID mode is really where the replayablity comes in. All in all, this game is worth $25. If you enjoyed this title, be sure to check out Resident Evil Revelations (the original). Its also very good.Visit our Currator Page"
,Recommended,287290,15066899,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sckhar Leviathan 🦊,"[MAY CONTAIN SOME MINOR SPOILERS - READ AT YOUR OWN RISK]Resident Evil: Revelations 2isn't a direct continuation form the firstRevelationsgame as one might think from reading the name, it does happen after and there are a few mentions about things that happened during the first game, but that's all.The story is good, despite the fact that I don't enjoy this chapter thing, on this game it was interesting, because the end of each chapter made us super curious to see what was going to happen next.Just like in the first game, it brings back two original characters,BarryfromResident Evil 1andClairefromResident Evil 2andResident Evil: Code Veronica, it also brought two new characters to assist them,Moira, Barry's daughter andNatalia, a young girl who is a survivor of the Terragrigia Panic (an event that happened pior to the events from Resident Evil: Revelations and is shown during that game).The Raid Mode is back and is sure to give several hours of fun.There are some performance issues on both the normal game and raid mode, things such as FPS drop and stuttering, on both good and bad PCs and with any graphics settings, some people reported issues with data upload on raid mode, but nothing of that happened to me, so I cannot say for sure if it's going on or not.Capcom is slowly fixing them and the game is way better now than it was on release, but it's still far from perfect.Pros and Cons:Pros:• Original characters from first games;• Interesting and fun character mechanics;• Excelent story;• Overall graphics quality is good;• Game can be very hard or very easy to suit your play style;• Good controls (Xbox 360 Controller is highly recommended);• Replay value, you can play the game to unlock things;• Raid mode is awesome, fun and nearly infinte;•RE.Netsupport for online events, items and records tracking.Cons:• FPS drops (especially near world light sources or near fog and particles) even on PCs that are very superior to the game recommended specs;• The AI is dumb, you should not wait for them to get away from enemies or they'll make you waste lots of healing items, it's better if you simply switch to them and run away from threats;• The game is divided in chapters (not a big deal now that all of them are already released);• Some unnecessary expensive DLC and in-game transactions for weapons, upgrades and ""continues"".Conclusion:I really enjoyed the game, the good parts are worth over the bad parts (mostly the performance issues which as I said, are slowly being fixed).It is worth the money and the game should give you some quality playtime for some good time."
,Recommended,287290,24115353,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hactavish,"short:episode 1: woah creepyepisode 2: it's getting seriousepisode 3: revelations.. ? feels not creepy anymoreepisode 4: that's it ??Raid mode: fun and addictivelong:i was pretty excited when this game came out. we can switch between character like we did in RE: Zero, but this one is more cooperative because not anyone could handle a gun so 1 person will be a trigger man and 1 another will be a support character. each character has their own ability (not super).Raid mode is more fun and addictive with new system like daily mission or event mission, and we could revisit maps from RE: 6 and first revelations.the campaign feels odd and the story is complicated, you woke up in a creepy place in the middle of no where, being a test subject, and find out what the hell is happening (like SAW film).i thought the previous RE Revelations was complicated enough but i was wrong. i still figure it out what exactly is happening. it's still cliff hanging for me. too bad it wasn't scary Resident Evil as i expected...and yes RE Revelations developers always did a good job with woman characters."
76561198086238958,Recommended,287290,16298630,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,IoeShepard,First buy Resident Evil 6 for Mercenaries !Then go to Revelations 2 Store Page and buy for Raid Mode !Next:Complain about not all Characters having their original voiceovers.Say thanks for adding new Characters. Ask for more.Done. Play.Capcom needs to learn that 4 players like to play Mercenaries and Raid Mode.
,Recommended,287290,14656565,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,X-105 Strike,"Updated Review, now changes to recommend this game, and the reason why.Originally, wanted to coop with a friend in campaign.  I have no idea what is raid mode at that time.Well, after beating the campaign now I don't want one of us to struck in melee/crowbar in coop so really I think there's no point althrough it would be fun to farm secrets/achievement together or beat harder difficulty and stupid AI does nothing. -- I believe Capcom already said there won't be coop campaign for those wondering.I mean all you need is this - raid mode, and yes it is co op and I can play as hunk 10/10 (RE2 fan)"
76561198123142418,Recommended,287290,15216206,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Der Großmann,Back to its roots WELCOME BACK SURVIVAL HORROR
,Recommended,287290,14659137,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ryofu Housen,"I'm not really sure about this but this is the latest RE available...I love RE Series, no matter how bad it's reputation on 5, ORC and 6... I just really like the world, the character and the story...Now the Performance Issue has been fixed... I DO Recommend this game now if you Like RE series and REV1... A bit a Mixed of Horror but not really scary to me... REV 1 had scarier atmosphere, Who cares? Claire inside! :3... But the action inside is better than REV1...as a Extra Note, why that Day 1 DLC? Why game nowaday proud with DAY 1 DLC?! it sucks, having pay a full game yet if you want extra little thing you have to pay about 20-30% more price... who Trend this? I know there people who still bought that as die hard fans or have extra money, No Offense, but I think that's dumb move for a game release... I really wanted go back to PS1 or PS2 era where you bought a game, you got EVERY ♥♥♥♥ing LITTLE THING!"
,Recommended,287290,15828896,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nathan Explosion,"As an old school fan of the Resident Evil series [culling the infected since '96], I have to say that this series has definitely had its ups and downs. I still remember the completely game changing shocker that was Resident Evil 4, shying away from the traditional Survival Horror we were used to. After that, the franchise seemed to have lost its way a little. Resident Evil 5 was atrocious, both in the way of the plot, and in the character development. [Chris became a giant steroid monkey, and Wesker loses it completely and goes over the top, a terrible ending to one of my favourite video game bad guys] Operation Raccoon City was a very enjoyable non-canon romp through Raccoon City during the height of the T-Virus that stood apart from the rest of the franchise. Revelations was an interesting game, and 6 was... okay. It had its moments, but felt like it was trying to be too many things.Revelations 2 however, hits the nail on the head. On one hand, you've got the ever brave Claire Redfield, sister to franchise protagonist Chris, fighting alongside Moira, daughter to Barry Burton, whom also was in the original game from way back in 1996. The two women have been kidnapped and are being held on an island somewhere near Russia, and are being monitored by someone called the Overseer as they try to find a way of escape. Unfortunately for the ladies, they are part of an experiment on a new virus called T-Phobos; a variant of the Uroborous virus, which is triggered in states of extreme fear. On the other hand, you've got Barry Burton himself, alongside a strange young girl named Natalia, trying to track down Moira and Claire on the island.Each campaign has a distinct feel to it. Claire and Moira's made me feel constantly under pressure; Why have you been brought here, what the hell are these things trying to kill you, and who the hell is the Overseer and what is her end game? It is a very fast paced campaign, with quick enemies, boss monsters o'plenty and a defined goal: Escape. Barry and Natalia's campaign is more a slower paced, creeptastic crawl through the horror. Shambling zombies [although some who can pick up speed quickly, and some with extremely long reach!], more firepower, monsters that change depending on how you previously defeated them as Claire and Moira [I'm talking about normal enemies, not boss monsters!]Each campaign has its own sidekick gimmick. Moira has a flashlight which can be used to blind enemies [setting them up for a strong melee knockdown] and can attack foes with her crowbar, whereas Natalia can sense and detect enemies through solid objects, and can throw bricks. [Don't knock the brick throwing, sometimes it's hilarious to hoss a brick at a zombie and watch it crumple] Each of these bring a different style of gameplay. If playing solo, you can jump back and forth between your character and their sidekick. So you can jump to Moira, use her flashlight to stun the quickly advancing Hammer Dude, so Claire can run forward, kick him to the ground, and you can quickly run up as Moira and implant your crowbar directly into his chest, weakening [not killing] him considerably. Whereas Moira can be a hindrance to her foes, with blinding lights and crowbar stuns, Natalia can be a very very helpful little lady! Using her ability to figure out where your foes are positioned can make for some very satisfying stealth clears, where it's possible to clear entire areas without being seen or heard.I suppose I should try and wrap this up, as I could quite easily write an essay on this game.As a Resident Evil fan, I think it's a step back in the correct direction for the franchise [although this game does officially tie up the LAST loose thread of the entire Resident Evil story line, so perhaps it could be the last step before the 'reboot' that has been mentioned a few times]It has a couple of jump scares, likable new characters as well as returning fan favourites who have been out of the lime light for some time. I didn't have any performance issues, and it ran surprisingly well on a set up that is 5-6 years old.Definitely worth picking up, especially when it's as cheap as it is right now!"
76561198069834430,Recommended,287290,17785814,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MassDestructo,"I have just finished playing through the first episode. Honestly, it was incredible - much better than the first Revelations, packed in just a couple of hours gameplay.I regret not pre-ordering this game, as the last few games in the series made me anxious about buying this one. After reading reviews saying that it brought back the classic, unique element of survival horror that the older games offered, I decided to give it a shot, and now I can say with a chill down my spine that this is the scariest game of the series, at least from what there's been in a while. Play with the lights out at your own risk, I started off on the Survival difficulty, which was a great experience.I would strongly recommend to any fan of the Resident Evil franchise, and to anyone who enjoys the horror/survival horror genre in general."
,Recommended,287290,18944976,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Megow,Really AWESOME game in the Resident Evil series.
,Recommended,287290,30696835,Posted: 23 March,all,Plasma Dome,"The game is fun, though not as frightening as I was anticipating for my first Resident Evil experience away from the theatre. However, the game was fun the only real beef that I have with this game is the fact that it is not a full game to where you have to go and buy each of the missions separately. Be sure to check and see if there is a version which allows you to do so, prior to purchasing this version here."
,Recommended,287290,17750417,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,esvban,"Pros:This is probably one of the best Resident evil games since Resident Evil 4. Not just a zombie action shooter like much of resident evil 6. There are lots of puzzles, immersion and character development in the game alongside the classic resident evil survival horror genre interspersed with some action sequences where you need lots of ammo (that you should have been saving).There are 2 endings of the game based off a cutscene with Claire / Moira  at the end of Episode 3. When you get there, look up how to get either ending if you want. After I played the game I wish I had known that and replayed Claire's episode 3, and Barry's episode 4 to get the other ending.Cons:I have a fairly old CPU but fast SSD and Unfortunately the game still needs some bug fix/ optimization patch on PC for pre-loading / caching. To me, it seems that there are still things to preload, after the loading icon disappears, and your game may lag for 10-40 seconds while it continues to load. The lag does go away however, after this 'unfinished loading' is done. My suggestion is to run the game in windowed mode, so whenever you get loading lag, just pause game and do something else. The pre-loading will continue while paused. If you have a faster CPU, you'll probably have less lag, but my 6-year-old Q6600 @ 2.61 ghz quad core, was getting pretty much 100% CPU usage until this loading finished. I don't know of any fix for this yet but there are some discussions of it on the forum."
76561198112504157,Recommended,287290,15303362,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Void Marionette,"Much good, such zambies, many fun"
,Recommended,287290,15056804,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,kerberdroid,"Brought the horror back to a struggling franchie. As someone who has followed the series and been unsatisfied with RE 5 and 6, Revelations brings difficulty and suspense back to the series. Very fun for long time fans"
,Recommended,287290,15960485,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,inosited,"Fisrt time play on Japanese voice, Love it"
,Recommended,287290,31718270,Posted: 13 May,all,Schelllen muss es geben,"This is my favourite game on Steam, but I can´t play it anymore because of a kind of ""bug"".The game starts as usual but it isn´t on fullscreen, it´s in window mode, means I cant see anything but black, uninstalling and re downloading didnt help.I can control the game but I dont see anything but black .... would you mind helping me out?thanks in advance"
,Recommended,287290,20613340,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kode.Ex,"I'm looking at some of the negative comments for this game, and I can't really see what the big deal is.Ran this on an i7-4790k and EVGA 970 SSC with no hiccups, black screens, or slowdowns. Didn't really know this game had split-screen co-op nor did I really care for it, but I had two controllers anyways. Even after downloading the following episodes and other dlcs I never experienced any long loading times or crashes (then again, I'm running it on an SSD). I dunno about anyone's builds, but I'd look there and discern any possible problems there first instead of blaming the game instantly. Then the price is really aggreeable considering the entire full game. Most people are just afraid of buying something in episodes, which is not a problem. But when the full base game, all 4 episodes and even adding the 2 DLC episodes, are less than $30, and the deluxe edition (all DLC) IS $30... I dunno it seems like a good deal when even NOT on sale.The story was engrossing and I'm glad to have bulk-bought the rest of the episodes after going through the first one. It was also cool to see and play as Barry again since... well more than a decade ago. Then Claire is always a welcome sight since growing up with RE2. The side characters, albeit only being mainly utilitarian in gameplay, still were a good hook into the story. Then having one duo trace the steps of the other gives that sense of constant care and vigilance even amidst the horde.The enemies were okay. Not too bad but not the best. They could've had a bit more to them, especially after playing through raid mode a bit then finishing the game... But, of course this game has their unique One-Shotters. And yes a few retries have racked up due to their... persistence. But that's alright. That's what the side-kick is supposed to be there for, I guess. No big deal... Stupid invis!Raid Mode taking what it was in RERev and building upon it in good ways. Seeing all of those numbers: EXP, Gold, LV, HP, ATK. Seeing them increase is what really gives that mode its power and popularity. At least with me. I enjoyed the Mercenaries mode all the way back in RE3. I had bought the Mercenaries stand-alone game and Revelationsfor the 3ds and liked them. With their post-game stuff they want you to play more. Yeah they have little microtransactions in Raid Mode, but for what they get you, I'm positive I don't need them. Lives and extra guns and some parts aren't really worth it to me so I won't partake.All in all, in my opinion, its a very decent game. I played through the main 4 episodes and plan on playing through the extras. I'd reccommend it to any and all who enjoy Resident Evil games, like a bit of a challenge, and/or are not opposed to the episodic style of this game's initial release. Oh and listening with headphones to the the story mode is reccommended highly. It will save you plenty of times. I guarantee it."
,Recommended,287290,33308959,Posted: 6 July,all,┤HARDWORK┣ Barleto,Great Episode for a Great price.
,Recommended,287290,31504348,Posted: 2 May,all,{NeRv} Panda without dark circle,"I loved Resident Evil's series, except for 5. Revelations 2 is good. Bought this for quite sometimes now, only give review recently. Graphics not to mention, always improved on every new released. Highly recommend on this one."
,Recommended,287290,15037972,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bunny,It's good.
,Recommended,287290,19348353,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Protons,"I'm glad I bought this game and I hope this review help you.The game is very dynamic, the characters switch mechanics is fast and doesn't interupt gameplay.Sometimes I even notice that I play more with the 'second' character more than the main one.Definetely one the best Resident Evil games, the 'future' and 'past' style of story is different fromeverything on the series, there's a great combination of action and puzzle. It's not like RE 5 whereyou have to shoot thousands of enemies, these are simple enemies but harder.The characters personalities are the best in the series.It's great to see Claire again and see how smart she became. Moira... Moira is awesome the funniestcharacter in RE.Barry is a quiet guy but the reasons why he is on the island are solid and you can notice that.You will also have the chance to meet Natalia, sweet kid, and believe me, you will definetely play with hershe's a great asset and not just a dumb follower.The game can feel repetitive and the story even though nice, it's short, very short, that's why i'm giving it an8/10If you are a fan of the series, you will definetely like it."
,Recommended,287290,20513967,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Biohazard Zombie,"The Story of Resident Evil Revelations 2 : Claire Redfield & Moria Burton are attending a commemoration party when all of a sudden the  lights go dark and  a group of masked assailants raid the headquarters and have Claire, Moira, and many other attendants captured. You then wake up to find yourself in a  prison alongside with Moria wondering why and how you got here and what is the attentions of the person who brought you here.PROS :Tons of DLC Content, Great Voice Acting, 7.1 Surround Sound, Raid Modes Unique Customization of Characters, Weapons  & Upgrades, Online Events & Support for Newer WeaponsCONS:Lacks built in Anisotropic Filtering support, but you can easly turn it on in your gpus control panelRandom FPS Drops from time to time, No Online Support for Story Mode unless you use the  mod found on the  Resident Evil Modding Community page, Built in Film Grain which makes the game look dull and ugly but can also be  turned off with Film grain removal mod, game may crash randomly if you alt tab .Overall with this cons this game has I still find it enjoyable for hours on end farming in raid mode for new weapons..."
76561198035747099,Recommended,287290,20571919,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,A Filthy Casual,"I nominated this to ""the game within a game"" cause raid mode is really catchy.lots of negatives reviews cause the game is splitted in chapters, obviously they wont sell the whole game for 0,89€ during sales...."
76561198198166325,Recommended,287290,33580180,Posted: 16 July,all,My leg pubgbets.net,This game is so good wtf
,Recommended,287290,14995207,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,:3 ♡F@rrön♡ :3,A really great survival horror game that plays like an action horror game. Possibly one of my Favorites in the franchise.PROS:* Neat Story*Raid Mode*Claire Redfield*Alex Wesker is Back!*Lots of unlockables*High replay abilityCons:*Barry's chapter is boring*Frame rates dip when going through rooms*Environments are not creative
,Recommended,287290,15022348,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Papas Freitas,"Upon release, RE: Revelations 2 had a lot of performance issues that made it impossible to play at times. Despite having the recommended specs, my experience in the beginning was plagued with stuttering and low frame rates.Since Episode 3, it seems Capcom has patched those performance bugs and it runs great. It is certainly playable and I thank them for listening to fans, even though it took a while to fix.Gameplay is similar to RE: R1 and keeps a similar feel. Honestly, the first felt more creepy than this one but the story is a bit more engaging since it doesn't split off with 3 or 4 different teams.I also like that there are multiple endings, which harkens back to classic Resident Evil.Aside from the beginning performance problems, I enjoyed this game and recommmend it to all RE fans. Lots of playability and you get your money's worth with story mode, extra chapters, and raid mode."
76561198066716624,Recommended,287290,16128729,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,imna89,"Great atmosphere , good new and old characters, challenging gameplay, good survival aspect that was forgotten quite long , feels like good old Re  0,1,2,3 games.Pros: Game  is hard ""perfect for veterans"", Low ammo like classic re games, Better story characters than Re6.Cons: No local coop, Could been better game :)"
76561198041844214,Recommended,287290,17020213,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,NGamer,Intro:Resident Evil orginal formula at it's bestGame offers:Storyline that will continue...JumpsNew CreatersReplay ValueYour Decisions make a slight changeUpgrade system makes it challengingGraphics:4k @ 144hz (Avg. FPS of 120)Nothing new graphically (Clothes Transition wet to dry)weak Character detailBig graphic difference between cutsenceThe Bad:Character Movements clucky (looked unreal)Weak Final BossStoryline was bit confusingToo Much time spent undergroundThe Conclusion:The Price of the game is good but sale price even better.
,Recommended,287290,16687163,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BlockChain ~~,"Short review:An improvement from revelations 1 which was an excellent RE title.Improvements in Raid Mode, which gave RER1 a lot replayability. More characters, more features/content in Raid mode which you will absolutely love if you liked raid mode in RER1.I mention raid mode first simply because it is the feature of the revelations series that I had the most fun playing in. As for the story, it ties in very well with the RE series in general.It is worth buying."
,Recommended,287290,23769335,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Spook 4 Zelda ฅ'ω'ฅ,"I liked it a lot, but wtf kind of ending was that? The ending was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198052571988,Recommended,287290,20542770,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nazgul,"I enjoyed what of the game I played. Good atmosphere and I enjoy the team aspect to the game in that each character has their own set of skills to bring to the gameplay. I havent played any resident evil game since the Nintendo gamecube remake so it was a nice introduction back.That said, at the time when I bought it, I though I was buying the entire game, not just the first episode. It is my fault for not checking but then again, Ive never bought a game which has been seperated into 4 parts before. Kinda just wish they sold it as a whole. Just a buyer beware for anyone looking to purchase this game in the future."
76561197989053541,Recommended,287290,29350054,Posted: 18 January,all,cheffdonty,"I wasn't sold on this game at first. I kinda hated it and saw it as RE6 trying to wear a cheap The Last of Us guise. After some time though I have quickly come to prefer this game over the original Revelations.The story mode in both scenarios initially seems like a two player escort mission, but it becomes apparent that the more feeble characters (Moira and Natalia) actually have a skillset that synergize with the gunslinger types (Claire and Barry) and create a cool co op dynamic, more interesting than the likes of previous co op oriented games in the series.The real draw, as with Resident Evil Revelations, is Raid Mode. This time around it may seem casualized, but again, it becomes apparent that the changes made are for the better. One example is a medal going from the original's ""No damage taken"" to the sequel's ""No herbs used"", which ends up being balanced out as enemies now come in more dangerous varieties. Load times within missions have also been done away with, and the sheer amount of levels (built using RE6 maps with Revelations 2 enemies) dwarfs the original game. You won't be spending any time deadlocked trying to level up your character before you can finally have a decent shot at attempting the next level over; instead you'll be picking which you should do and with what character."
76561197993950921,Recommended,287290,27348187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Pickle Man,very good horror action title for Resident Evil fans =) go and have fun with the Zombies ^_^
,Recommended,287290,15940856,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,GreenJester,"This game has an awesome 2-player arcade-like co-op gamemode called ""Raid Mode"" that has its own missions, and a lot of them. You get more missions the more episodes you have bought.Single player is also really good."
76561198079228495,Recommended,287290,23869824,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,76561198079228495,One of the Best Resident Evil Games it's some kinda in the style of the old games which is cool.
,Recommended,287290,23911396,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"I start by saying I like this game, I like the RE franchise and have played all but 4 and 6 something about Leon I don't enjoy. As far as this game goes raid mode is very fun and I spent 99% of my time playing raids and unlocking weapons. As I ran out of raids how ever I started asking myself if I would want ot pay more to buy more raids and so I tried out the story... 30 mins later I am very dissapointed. I was hoping the story would help me decide to buy the next chapter but the story was so bland and everything was focused on combat.Although the combat is nice and frightful at it's moments overal I would say spend the dollar for the sale price and play the first 9 raid gaunlets. Ignore the worthless campign mode that has way to over complicated of level system for how short the actuall campaign is. Then if you really feel you have to see the other levels and you want ot make lvl 50 or lvl 100 in raid mode then buy the other episodes.Your best bet with campaign is to make a movie night out of it with your gf just buy all the episodes first so that you don't have to find somehting else to do after 30 mins of one episode.I give the game a 6/10 as there is room for a very very good game here but just like Revalations 1 it is too far from the story orgins and nothing really makes sense in these two games other than where you are suppose to shoot the bad guy. I barely recomend this game and only at the sale price because you can't beat graphics like this for less than 2 bucks the expeirence is worth it but the game is not quite there.Also why does Jill keep changing her hair color in a Zombie apocolypse? Redishbrown (RE1) to blonde (RE5) to plainbrown (RER1)"
,Recommended,287290,24053752,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pillowonmyhead,its a nice catch
,Recommended,287290,23878359,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,🎲 Gamble 🃏,"While I have not played the rest of the episodes I might aswell just do my quick review about the first.First things first: I have never played a single RE game, only watched playthroughs or seen my friends play it. But from this experience alone I can tell it really hits good when it comes to the adventurous horror side, making it rather unique with a mix of puzzle solving and teamwork.My first impression when playing this game is that it has personality rich characters, I can feel they got a good role to the story. Dialgues was decent, not incredible but they put emotion into them. While it was rather HARD even at medium difficulty.I must say the controls are rather good, but sometimes it feels clunky, especially when it comes to ladders, my god I had way too many times trouble by going down the ladder, it wouldn't show up until I was as near as possible perfectly towards it. But overall the gameplay was good.The aim wasn't too hard, no recoil is a plus to me personally.The progression was smooth, I like the idea of switching characters to work out through out the map, I didn't have a chance to co-op with anyone sadly.Even right now at steam summer seal for only 1$? Now that is a real good deal! Even if episode one only lasts 1-3 hours (depending on how fast you go through them) I would say it is worth the price, and hey, perhaps you also get hooked into this franchise. Remember though, this is my first RE game so I cannot make a comparison, but knowing the thrills and the grim scenes and monsters in the game is what makes RE.... yeah, to RE! Worth the money!8/10"
,Recommended,287290,24062381,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lord GRIM,Good
76561198166846449,Recommended,287290,23914773,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ikorose,Its like a horroble noval which can keep catching your heart
,Recommended,287290,23925024,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,is not bad as Resident Evil Revelations it lot better  improv game is longer that Resident Evil Revelations didthis far better umbella corp
76561198066969681,Recommended,287290,20462367,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mordred,Best RE since RE4. That's not saying much but it's a step in the right direction for the series. A series that's been off the rails for far too long.
76561198004022855,Recommended,287290,35509520,Posted: 5 October,all,maldorf,"The game itself is really good. The story line is decent and the voice acting is ok too. The little girl in it is awesome. Graphics are pretty good too and the sound is great. Controls are good too on this. I played it on an xbox controller. Using a keyboard seemed a bit rough since there are so many controls.As far as how it plays, the difficulty level was just right for me on normal. It does operate on save points, much like the other RE games. There is inventory and you can expand the size by finding expansions later on for each character. There are two stories running side by side. One is Barry and the other Claire. They do a wonderful job of connecting the two. There is at least one big decision you make in the game that affects what ending you get. There is a ""good"" and a ""bad"" ending. I like that. I got the bad one! Took me 27 hours to beat the game campaign.It isnt perfectly optimzed for the PC though. If you have an ultrawidescreen 3440x1440 like me you have to play with black bars on the side. It wont do that screen ratio. I tried doing several fixes and nothing worked for me. I gave up and played it with black bars. Certainly not as good as it could be but I got used to it. There is also a really nasty bug at the very end for the last boss fight. If you die your first attempt, when it reloads your save the characters are not able to be controlled. Both Barry and Natalia just stand there. Cant even fire a wepaon. I was able to get through it by quitting and exiting the game. I then rebooted the game and did a ""retry"". If you try to load your save it will freeze you up again once you walk into the boss room.Once you do a retry you will need to go in and set the FPS to 30. Enter the boss room. Once the cutscene is done you can move and all is normal. I then went in and set the FPS to variable like I had before, It works fine after that. I dont know what happens if you die again because I won the second try.Overall I had a lot of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,287290,15075631,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Noways,Nice offline game!
76561198083434103,Recommended,287290,15096567,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kutch,"Even though this was the first episode I feel a review is in order  The Storyline is awesome as usual for the RE franchise.  Being able to find what you need is fair if you actually look for it.   The controls and settings for the controls, as well as display settings, are a toss up for me however!Aiming and targeting are fine as well as the normal foward movement, which is what should be expected of any FPS.  I also find switching between characters to complete tasks interesting.  However, turning around on the spot is extremely sluggish.  I like to be able to turn on the spot when I have to go back to a previous position, not wait for what seems like 5 seconds for the character to turn around.  The movement should really be more fluent and easier to use.Also I've noticed that the games crashed quite a few times. Not sure if thats a game or steam issue, or just my PC, but I found that my interest to play lacked because of it.As for the control and display settings, when trying to brighten the diplay and increase the mouse sensitivity, I found that doing so didn't make any difference at all to display  or mouse movement.This being said, the gameplay was fun overal, but could use a little more developmental tweeks.  I am recommending this game because I am a fan and I enjoyed the story.  If you like good story progression, then I suggest this as a buy.  If you are more for gameplay style, I suggest you save your money"
76561198218617044,Recommended,287290,19962260,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Illuminati [Musang],"Resident Evil Revelations 2 offers an engaging story that doesn’t take itself too seriously, enjoyable co-op multiplayer, and a worthwhile reason to replay the game. It really isn't doing anything new, but that may be precisely why it's able to handle the core gameplay so well. If Capcom has decided that light-horror, high-tension action is the firm and final direction for Resident Evil moving forward, Revelations 2 at least embraces that and provides a road map for where to take it next."
76561198072105823,Recommended,287290,18792242,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TechGamerBoy,"Yeah,i almost a Claire Sandwich - Claire Redfield"
,Recommended,287290,15048628,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,BσɾιɳɠBσιɳɠ,Was: ...Jill Sandwich...Now: ...Claire Sandwich...
76561198011965365,Recommended,287290,16573337,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"Resident evil never does fail me.  If your a resident evil fan this game is for you. If most of the resident evil games failed you such as resident evil 5 and 6, than the revelation series is for you. The creepy atmosphere is just simply amazing.  This game does link up with resident evil 5 and 6 story.ProsRaid Mode- Resident evil 6 maps and MORE!!single player has that silent hill feel/lookAmmo isnt commonPuzzlesAtmosphere amazingsome good jump scaresNice takedownsFollows the outbreak from RE5Conssome minor bugs."
76561198144924481,Recommended,287290,19303606,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BeeZy,I like to kill zombies.. Thats all whan I can say.. :D
76561198011111307,Recommended,287290,18910791,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ballista,***RECOMMENDED ONLY ON SALE*** This is a great game but dont buy it if its not on a huge sale. I got this episode - as its not a full game - for less than £2 and two hours of Biohazard thrill for that little money was worth it but if I would pay full price (think its £7.95) I would be dissapionted that its only introduction to the whole game. Second episode at the moment stands for £4.99 and there is no chance I will buy it untill the price will be drastically reduced. BTW I wonder hoe many episodes are there in total in Revelations 2?
,Recommended,287290,23701906,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,keeveeh,Veri interesting game but i want Co-op
,Recommended,287290,17608253,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,CrownDeaglE,Easily the best RE since 4
,Recommended,287290,15027325,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Niklaus,"i have always been a RE fan since i was like 4. Yes, I wish Capcom would go back to how it was before 4-6 and Revelations 1 and 2. but this RE was absolutely astounding! 9.3/10"
,Recommended,287290,16355025,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pirangunter21,"Almost got scam because it's 1 episode and you must buy the episode. And it's not like telltale games where you buy the game and it'll be added in the game.The graphic is pretty realistic and makes my laptop lagging. In the game, you can play online like RE mecenaries online. But to be honest, i've been wanted to buy it since it first released but i don't have a money."
,Recommended,287290,15457535,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bananakin,loved the game the talking teddy bear was one of the funniest moments. Lottie for the win.
,Recommended,287290,19557470,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,liberal chester gaming,"woah it's actually pretty good, who would've though"
76561198080709827,Recommended,287290,16827546,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Edrolkozy,"great history, great gameplay, fun game, 9/10, this game need some patches yet."
,Recommended,287290,33330097,Posted: 6 July,all,Arklay North,"Despite this being the first time Alyson Court does not voice Claire Redfield (wow, really?  Since Resident Evil 2?  Let that sink in.)  This is an excellent game and the voice actress for Claire (while no Alyson Court) does a pretty fine job.The combat is smooth, the setting is very creepy and in a unique move, the game was released in chapters.  Obviously, you can get the entire thing now without having to let those stingers at the end of each chapter gnaw away at your soul until the next release.If you have a friend to play it with, all the better, but even playing on solo with an AI companion, it was a great experience."
,Recommended,287290,17160711,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Berkin Elvan,"bought it, installed it, finished the main campaign, then started The Evil Within for the 3rd time.I still reccomend it as the game is not bad.I enjoyed while playing it but once it's finished no desire to reopen the game."
,Recommended,287290,19797957,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,♥Devil♬™ ♛,SO NICE GAME AND I LOVET ^_^
76561198078293815,Recommended,287290,14968052,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Knighteagle,"I had trouble figuring out rather to vote this game up or down, Now that I played all the main episodes I feel as if I can post my review, Well... Where do i start? first off they did a much better job with horror in my opinion than they did in RE5 and 6, but not as good of a job as Rev1, The ending left me kind of unsatisfied, and the story in my opinion has very little chance to be played more than once, they took a cheap way out for the end of the game thet made me upset just to leave room for another REV, The gameplay seemed unfinished, But even though the enemies get stale and the gameplay is not great the story is not awful, they also may have won me over with some quotes and who does not like barry and claire?  They could have added some more story for Barry and Claire, And I think the game lost A LOT of its fun due to the fact it was eposodic, The walking dead, Game of thrones, Life is Strange, ect can get away with being eposodic, but RE is not an eposodic series, even more so considering what they could have done with the story but did not do, And it is one of those games you may just want to come home one day and play and beat in 2 days, so the episodes leave you feeling restricted if you did not wait for the full game, I would give it a 6 or 7 out of 10, Oh I also can run far cry 4 on high and I have a gaming computer, but this lagged in some areas on some low settings in some parts of the game, Is it worth $25? yeah sure. Is it worth $40? maybe not. But for 25 if your a fan of the series go ahead and pick it up."
76561197970975822,Recommended,287290,17194335,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NoiTツ,Best Resident evil game in YEARS. if you are a fan of RE1-3. then this is the closest you will get.
,Recommended,287290,17832050,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Awwpa ♥♥,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 takes place where Claire Redfield is once again the main character in this never ending series of zombie apocalyse...The storyline is very interesting where the more you play the more you wanna know whats going on in that island where Claire and Moira are trapped...On the other hand, the multiplayer is very fun and exciting where I am able to fight zombies, upgrade weapons, a lot of choices in weapon, unlock new characters and participate in day, weekly and special events to earn special weapons as a collection...Overall I'll rate this game 8.5/10 and I really recommend this game to all the Resident Evil die hard fans out there..."
,Recommended,287290,34619532,Posted: 30 August,all,Durami,"Resident Evil Revelations 2, also known as Biohazard Revelations 2 in Japan (see what I did there?), takes place After the events of Resident Evil 5, but before Resident Evil 6. And I have to say, the gameplay is quite good. The game focuses on Clair and Moira for one half of an episode, then Barry and Natalia for the second half of that same episode. Well anyway, On toward my opinion on this.The gameplay is unique as playing each character, that Episode 1 has, only one character has guns, while the other either has a flashlight or points at things, mostly monsters, which makes an interesting twist since one character is (almost) completely harmless while the other one is armed to the teeth. Stealth Kills are quite useful too. When I played Raid mode, it had this arcade-ish feel to it to mix in with Revelations 2 gameplay. It also has the overused RPG Level element, as well as being able to see your health in that mode only. The other two modes, the Countdown clock and Invisible Enemies mode, give a small challenge to players who want to make it harder, especially the coundown clock one. I unlocked it on my PS3, and wow I have to be fast to beat the episode...The episodic model this game kind of leaves me in the dark since I was only able to purchase the first episode, or the CORE GAME. I always hated this outside of Telltale Game's games because of various reasons, but this game I'm slightly frowning upon it due to the fact that Raid Mode had a bit more content than the main campaign of Episode 1, now if only I was able to unlock Chris(?) and the second Rank of the Toolbox... Oh wait, I can't unless I spend MORE REAL money to get the next Episode, and since I bought weapons storage, I can't access Episode 2 on my brother's PC. That aside, as said before, the episode starts out with Clair and Moira for the first half, then fast forewards to Barry and Natalia for the second half. The Clair Half has you trying to escape, finding Items and weapons, etc., while the Barry half has you looking for Moira.... 6 months after the events of the Clair Half of all of the episodes. Between halves and episodes, you can use BP, which helps you out. Especially if you save enough for Clair/Barry to use their guns when you are not playing as them in the single player.Raid Mode was fun, though they rehashed a lot of maps from Resident Evil 6. I dunno. I just liked this mode, it seemed fun when I first played it. In Raid Mode the main objective is to reach the goal. There are a group of zombies, and whatnot, to take down while heading there. After taking out a group of zombies..... and whatnot, you get a key to head to the next area. After that it's rinse and repeat until you finally reach the goal. Though there is exceptions, such as defending a crystal that you have to defend, I hate that one, as well as some of them requiring you to reach the goal under a set time limit. Before going on these ""Missions"" you are able to switch characters, mod your guns, buy and sell stuff, mostly guns and gun mods, etc. Eventually you gain the ability to merge same leveled weapon mods to make a better weapon mod...till you have to rank the toolbox up, which is just as impossible to do as unlocking Chris(?) Redfield in the core game. There are also Medals to earn throughout every level, each one has a condition to fufill, such as not using Herbs and being in the recommended level range. Fufill all four medal conditions, and you get the completion medal, which you can brag to your friends that you are a daredevil for even trying to get them.Episodic stuff aside, the game is good, though I wish I had more for what I had to pay to even get this game. I just hope that, if there's a sequel, it doesn't go the episodic DLC model as this game did, that way I can enjoy more than just a demo's worth of content."
76561198174612282,Recommended,287290,17231684,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Project-x654,Ok this is by far a really good resident evil game that we been waiting for since Resident evil 6 came out. Resident evil 6 was more of a action pack game than a horror game.....anyway resident evil revelations is amazing. TBH it is the only resident evil game that have zombies that actually SCARE ME.-Good juicy story-Raid mode (BY FAR ONE OF THE FUNNEST MODES ON THE ENTIRE GAME)-classic horror enviroment-survival horror-cool raid mode characters-nice weapon upgrades-features old revelations faces (only on raidmode)NEEDS LIST;o New costumes for jill (jill battlesuit)o natalia playable raidmode character (would be nice)o update/DLC new stages ( resident evil ORC maps )o mercenaries mode ( i know raidmode replaces mercenaries but c'mon i know you want it )o Gina costume (jessica wetsuit)o cypher costume (zombie)o Raidmode update ( doubles the enemys )PERSONAL OPINION; (9.3/10) good resident evil game and it is my 2nd fav resident evil game :).
,Recommended,287290,23593659,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,WhiteBoe,Loved itKinda reminds me of The last of us lol
76561198081729638,Recommended,287290,20567479,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Contractor|inspire me bitch,"Not giving a rating or anything but I was having fun with this game until I beat episode one and realized I needed to purchase the rest of the game, but I can play most of the raid mode love that, but you still have to purchase that, so buy at your own risk"
,Recommended,287290,15286140,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ghostmonkeycatthing,"I absolutely love the game. Been an RE fan since Zero, and Nemesis. Resident Evil: Revelations is by far, the best survival horror sub-franchise since RE: HD Remake - RE4.  Revelations 2 have got dynamic story, interesting LOCAL co-op splitscreen play, and no short of cheesy one liner dialogues from our favourite Barry. Set in the timeline between RE5 and RE6. There's even a raid mode for those of you who get thrilled with playing alongside another anonymous online, with hours of different maps from different RE games in the past. What's more to know is that capcom has been keeping the game constantly upto date EVEN AFTER the final release of Chapter 4 with FPS tweaks, co-op fixes andRE.Net, as another interesting concept for attaining special loot for your raid mode experience. If you love RE4 + Revelations, this is definitely the game for you! Support the devs! See you on Raid mode!"
,Recommended,287290,24122279,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,prince_pertnear,"Ive been a fan of the Residnet Evil series from the beginning, and when i cane across  Biohazard 2 on steam i had to jump on it!  Not recommend to be be played on a low end pc like mine unless you good at tweaking cause it lags bad, but if you can get pass that its awesome game play."
76561198038742356,Recommended,287290,24170093,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Enigma88,"The best addition to the RE series up to date, obviously not w/o its bugs and flaws, this is afterall a RE title.The coop Raid mode like the 1st Revelations game, is a more than welcome addition. However, the fact that coop for the campaign is on console and not on PC? and even more-so, a fan was able to create a mod for it in the first few weeks and the actual creators couldn't?That 'black-eye' aside, I enjoyed the campaign and Raid mode of this title more than any-other RE and I believe they are very close to perfecting that action/survival horror balance. (unlike 4/5/6)I didn't see anything wrong with the episodic release for this game. In fact, I felt it was a good addition, adding more to the overall suspense/mystery of the story.In comparison to the previous Revelations title, this games Raid Mode has a great deal of changes as well. Their are unlockable usage slots for both your skills and weapons, that go hand-in-hand with your lvling up and enable you to specialize your character to a greater degree, from weapons and their mods, to your characters passive and activated skills, both being fully upgradable.They also added the possibility of even more gameplay time to this title, by giving each character distinct abilitys from one-another. Allowing you to explore different character's without repetitive gameplay.Overall, the revelations series is onto something great and I hope they keep it up and find that blend of new and old RE we've all been waiting for. Highly Recommend 8/10."
76561198061359089,Recommended,287290,24183764,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,El Gato Loco,The only thing i don't like about this game is that there is too much cursing.Since when did resident evil curse like this ?
,Recommended,287290,24141696,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,coming2getu64,Love this game. Reminds me of my Tombraiding days. I play it on my laptop (not touch screen) and use a remote mouse and at times the video lags horribly (it's a wonder I've survived) during the Boss fights. I can't seem to fix it on my end :(
,Recommended,287290,34733127,Posted: 4 September,all,任天堂 Power-Player,Very good game i am surpised from an old game like this (Not really old 2015)Review :This game is fun and i putted 15 hours on it so i could win this and get the good ending also get every achivement.This game has a very good story mode and if you know what you do you can win this is lower than 20 hours of gameplay.I like the fact that this is the 2nd game and it is this cheap (when i picked it up it was 77 cents on a sale).But there are a few bad things too :The game is very fun but i hate when the story line gets ovius so now i see why it is the 2nd game and it is cheap for a 2015 game.And this game made me have nightmeres in the part that you go on a town that is deserted and there is full of blood killed people and you have to kill every zombie but it is still good game !Rating : 7/10
76561198023859269,Recommended,287290,30695978,Posted: 23 March,all,Inferno1200,"Barry Buttons, the master of Jill Sandwiches."
,Recommended,287290,18829222,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SHIZZ-LORD,Buy this game a Complete Season.Story Progression 25%.Raid Mode all day and will raid more.11/10
76561198042510978,Recommended,287290,18798207,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dangermoose,"Good atmosphere, good mouse and keyboard controls, unsettling atmosphere but not mental scary to the point you cannot play. Good visuals, like the characters. Nice game."
,Recommended,287290,14967307,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,FaintDeftone,"For a $25 game, Resident Evil: Revelations 2 is a pretty impressive game. The campaign lasted me a good 8+ hours and includes a lot of replay value in the form of different modes, difficulties and multiple endings. The gameplay is much tighter and focused than Resident Evil 6 and the game is paced better than the previous Revelations game. Even though the campaign is more than enough to warrant the $25 asking price, Capcom even threw in an extremely addictive and robust Raid mode that is jam packed full of missions, characters and RPG elements. Revelations 2 offers a ridiculous amount of gameplay for the budget price and feels more like a real Resident Evil title than RE6 does. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,287290,14967928,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Fucky is Bucky,"Very good Resident Evil game.  People are mad about the coop, but that was all fixed.  Besides the rough start with problems soon fixed by Capcom, this game is one of the best Resident Evils I have played..being an RE veteran.  Great atmosphere and story telling with multiple endings!!! Must buy for every RE veteran or fan."
,Recommended,287290,20093927,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Homuya [GER],"Grabbed it for a dollar. Its okay but it gets annoying and bad really fast due to the TERRIBLE AI, you try to sneak behind an enemy and wait for it to turn away, guess what, the AI had to go infront of you in the open! The AI also tend to get hit by alot of stuff and cant properly avoid >.> So the singleplayer is due to the bad AI only average.The Multiplayer feels better but really repeatitive in a way...for a dollar okay but I would buy all the episodes now."
,Recommended,287290,16778369,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,Another good Resident Evil Game ruined with crap mouse support (i.e. Resident Evil 4...twice...)Maybe Capcom will get it right next time.Probably not.
,Recommended,287290,14955099,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Brregante,-The real horror game not action shooter with QTE every minutes-No lag only FPS drops at certain events-Residentevil.netsupport-Graphics are good-Claire Redfield and Barry Burton are back8.5/10*EDIT-Capcom has fixed the FPS drops so most of PCs/laptops now runs at 60 FPS9/10
,Recommended,287290,31921601,Posted: 23 May,all,Laphin Hyena,"What can I say?? This Resident Evil surprised me!  I'm almost to the 4th episode and it's delivering a solid, survival horror experience the whole way with LONG episodes, and varied enemies that have kept me entertained the entire way.  If I had to nitpick anything about the game.. It's the babysitting of the secondary A.I. partner.  I hate babysitting A.I... ESPECIALLY when they can take damage.See in The Last of Us, it's very rare that you have to worry about your A.I. getting killed, as they stay smart a majority of the time.. but in Revelations 2, you have to rely too heavily on the ""STAY THERE"", ""FOLLOW ME"" commands, that.. sometimes, in the heat of battle.. you forget to do that, and what happens next??  Your main character, ""CLAIR"" will run right up to the boss and take hits... you don't have to worry about anything with the secondary character because she can take hits like a CHAMP.  But it all becomes aggravating really quick.  But seriously, other than that, this game has been a blast, and I'm glad I made the purchase.  I can't wait to dig into the Bonus Chapters as well!  If you loved Code Veronica, then you will most likely REALLY enjoy this."
,Recommended,287290,23607358,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Danial101,"If you liked RE 4 (and who doesn't) or any Resident evil game i would recommend you pick this up. It's a great return to form that re players have been waiting for, however it does have it's problems. Pick the first episode up when its on sale and see if you like it. I did the same and bought the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,287290,23766255,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,𝕮𝖗𝖍𝖎𝖘,"Fantastic game, i love all episodes the history is good, but the game is short."
76561198128396938,Recommended,287290,24117038,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FoolyCooly,"este juego es hermoso , me agrada mucho el gesto de Barry al tratar de ser papá otra vez"
76561198234965140,Recommended,287290,25776217,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LuElla,"I didn't play Revelations before i played Revelations 2, but it really brought back the original Resident Evil feeling of actual survival and not just action. It's a great game."
,Recommended,287290,23615686,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,저우쯔위,"Reviewing Resident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 2, as a full game, offers a lot of content and has great replay value. Sadly not everything in this package is good, and some parts of the campaign are a bit boring. It's a good game but it's not at the same level as the first Revelations.after watch THE CONJURING 2, this game makes me more scare xD.claire redfield is my 3rd fev. female character."
76561198099297864,Recommended,287290,15734435,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Justice9988,I've been a fan of the resident evil series since I played it in 1996. The games keep getting better and better. I hope Capcom keeps up the good work. If your a fan of the series. I def urge you to purchase this game. Its def worth the money
,Recommended,287290,28925800,Posted: 1 January,all,Donny ♡,It's a very nice game until you need to buy the dlc's rip xD !This reminds me of DOA;C
76561198067939140,Recommended,287290,14960010,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,King Dickus,"so, this game man. this game.it had a lot of issues at release. mainly bad performance and fps drops. and it did take a while for it to get patched.wich is understandable considering the fact that they were working on the other episodes to get them ready for release.but now it actually has been patched, i must say. its a blast to play it. its a cheap game and worth the full price.i cleared the campaign in 12 hours [im nub i know] and it was awesome. if you love resident evil and you have played all the other games. then you'll be sure to love this. the atmosphere is good. the gameplay is good. the dialoge is silly as always. and the also make some fun about the older games.and the ending man, in my opinion it was awesome. not like re6 with that stupid villain called simmons. no.this game actually presents us a great villain with some sort of twist at the end. even tho you can clearly see it coming with all the hints they throw at you. its still great. now i wont say anymore. you should just play for yourself.this game gets a 8 out of 10 from me. its not perfect, but its still great"
76561198026462543,Recommended,287290,14654731,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,saj_1981,"The ""mixed"" reviews are from the lack of co-op and not from the actual gameplay experience.  The rating system is very unkind to the average reader.  I wish Steam would come up with a better system.  Besides, who is to say it won't be enabled in a future patch?  I love the series as single-player.  I really don't get why people vote down a game just because it lacks one element.  If it bombed on every element I could understand a nagative review.  In summary, don't read these reviews and be turned off by it.  Get the game and you'll enjoy it.  I've played only a few minutes and I'm already hooked."
,Recommended,287290,14652066,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,i_ate_yer_grandma,"It is much better than FuTuRiStIc Revelations 1. Finally Capcom realised this is not an anime where 12 years old school girls control space ships (IE Jessica). Glad no Ada Wrong too!Controls are weird and graphics aren't the best.Also an episode is very very short.But yeah, it's ok I guess."
76561198025817216,Recommended,287290,18801597,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tower2,Raid mode is a freakin' BEAST! BEAST I said! It combines the elements of a fps rpg like destiny or bonerlands with the resident evil lore and world.ITS ♥♥♥♥IN AMAIZING.
76561198119580938,Not Recommended,287290,15443463,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Poco,剧情如果能联机，可玩性还是挺高的！喜欢玩突袭模式的，你网游玩太多了 懂吗？这是单机，如果为了刷等级或者更好的装备，那就去玩网游！把突袭模式当网游来玩 没什么成就感！
76561197983267841,Recommended,287290,14671563,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ReaperX30,"Just finished it and I had a great time. Tried one mission of the Raid mode too and really liked it. If you liked the first Revelation game you'll like this one.Good points:- Great characters from the Resident Evil franchise with some interesting new ones- Fun gameplay similar to the first Revelation game with added partner switching which works.- Nice environments (Screw the critics, I like them)- Mysterious story that seems to be the norm for this franchise.- Excellent controller support (I played with the windows controller which is like a 360 gamepad)Bad points:- Framerate hiccups and game slowdown- No local coop (not a problem for me but...)- No online coop FOR NOW (read below)The online coop will be added after all episodes are out meaning around March 17th or later. It's been mentionned on a lot of gaming websites and on Capcom's site too so I don't get the complaints I read here. Didn't encounter any other problem or gamebreaking bugs during my time with the game but what's there can be fixed by a patch anyday so I wouldn't really worry about that. If you're not sure you can wait until everything has come out so the problems will surely be fixed then. Overall it's an 8 out of 10 for me and I know I'll play this for a while."
,Recommended,287290,14745514,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,niX,"PROSYou fight actual monsters instead of gun toting soldiers. They're getting away from the pathetic enemy designs that Resident Evil 5 and 6 displayed, and this is a great change.. because that's what Resident Evil is about. Monsters.Intelligent AI (both monster and human).Claire and Barry make a triumpant return. So far, the pairings between Claire/Moira and Barry/Natalia seem entirely appropriate.Using both characters in each campaign has been well intigrated. There's also freedom on what sets of skills you'd rather use. For example, you can really take the opportunity to use Moira's light/crowbar combination to conserve on ammo.A good item crafting system. Weapon benches make their return too and I am a fan of that.Great looking environments and spooky atmosphere.Good price. Considering it is a new release, each episode is going to cost 5.99 or you can buy the whole season pass for under $30. To me, that's a pretty good deal, especially considering the price of new releases.CONSPretty bad frame drop issues. Episode One wasn't too bad, but Barry's campaign in Episode Two was god awful. I think that this is due to the fact that the game is a poor port, not necessairly that my computer has is lacking the proper equipment.The puzzles are lacking. They've got everything down that we love about Resident Evil, but the game really holds your hand.Although I don't really mind Moira's character, her dialogue is very ""hip"" and I feel confused as to what they were going for with her character. Her dialogue just seems inappopriate in certain situations and is hapazardously placed which sort of kills the environment for me at some points.I own this for console (PS3) as well and it seems to run a lot smoother on console. Because the graphics aren't paticularly astounding against modern day PC games, locking it to 30FPS on console is fine. It doesn't look any better on PC, and if anything, it's easier to notice imperfections. Oh, and the co-op function actually works on console.The whole ""co-op"" debaucle upon it's release. I don't really care much about the co op functionality of it because I play a lot of games on my own, but I think that it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Capcom to mislead and rip off their customers like that. Especially because they don't exactly have the best reputation for customer service as it is. Another reason why I think the console version of this is far superior.Note: They are fixing the split screen issue and it should now be added as a feature. Good on you Capcom."
,Not Recommended,287290,34008318,Posted: 3 August,all,Abraxxas,A horrible game in all the wrong sense. Gives you a small window of play time and a lame back story. Nothing new except an♥♥♥♥♥♥fudging at the end where they stiff you with the bill.
76561198054028379,Recommended,287290,15572055,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Snuggle Pepper,"When the game first came out it had a few problems. Bugs and the whole co-op offline thing. Now after patching and all the episodes are out, the game is really one of the best in the Resident Evil Series. The controls are more like Resident Evil 6, but without the melee meter. The inventory system is MUCH better than RE6, and it's more like the earlier Resident Evil with limited bag space you can upgrade over time. The story while somewhat short (around 8 hours casual) has multiple ways to replay it in different modes and difficulties. The story itself is pretty good! Lots of twists and while it feels weird at first to have to switch between the two characters, you begin to realize their strengths and see the advantages of team work.Raid mode is where this game really shines though. The Raid mode is a ramped up version of Mercenaries from the earlier games. There are a large variety of enemies, including some enemies from previous titles. (Excutioner, i'm looking at you.) If you thought these enemies were bad before, now they get buffs, everything from invisibility, on fire, super speed, toxic gas to one that makes you die if you get too close and don't kill it within 30 seconds. Oh, and the buffs stack on the enemies when you get higher level. When you are fighting a Scagdead that can kill you in one hit that is invisible, on fire, and has super speed suddenly things get very tense. It's definitely challenging. A great thing about Raid mode is every character possesses certain skills that the other don't, for example, Cipher gets a katana to replace the knife. If you level up the Sword skill to max, you can pay again to unlock it for all other raid character to buy. Then that character can buy and use that skill. This is great because if you have a favorite character but they don't have the skills you want them to, now you can give them those skills. With the Dailies it's fairly easy to level up the characters to max out the skills you want.The only negatives about this game really are the in game purchases for hearts and toolbox space. Hearts you earn by doing the daily missions which are easy enough if you are accustomed to raid mode. The Hearts are what you use to revive during Raid mode matches. Your partner cannot get you back up in Co-op. You won't really use them until you get to around level 100, that's when they game gets really crazy and very hard. It might take you a while to build back up your hearts so you can do more high level stuff unless you want to pay for them. Toolbox space you don't really need unless you are a pack rat because you can combine the parts.All in all, this story reminds me more of Resident Evil 2, with the parallel storylines in the same areas but offset by time, with all the options and gameplay of the newer Resident Evil titles. That's a combo I like very much."
76561198050918133,Not Recommended,287290,35129516,Posted: 22 September,all,bertmern.bat,"Well, I have to admit I went blind into this game and what can I say? Gameplay is fantastic. But when I watched the end credtis after 3h of gameplay i facepalmed so hard that I still have the mark of my credit card on my forehead. I will wait for a huge sale on the existing episodes...3/10 for being episodic.8/10 gameplay...Don't be stupid like me, read before you buy -.-"
,Recommended,287290,14669636,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pound Puppy,Honestly if your playing a RE game for co-op then you should go play call of duty or left for dead. Frame rate is an issue but you may want to turn off your steam overlay for the game before you blame capcom. It isn't the best port but I paid 24.99usd and the campaign is playable. Co-op for raid mode comes out in march and raid mode alone is worth the money I payed for it. The story really leaves you longing for the next episode which is brilliant on Capcom's part. Much better than RER1. Go buy a console if you have a problem with the pc version and it wasn't false advertising that they don't have co-op. Check the Steam page for RER2 and it says Single-player.Best parts of this game:...Use Moira Burton flash light Like Alan Wake to stun then switch to Claire and Enjoy Destruction....Campaign play through saves your ammo even if you switch to a harder difficulty....Skill sets allow you to upgrade characters in Campaign with BP....Barry Burton as usual is a bad Mother... Shut yo Mouth....Reminds me of Code Veronica....CGI Cinematics make the game look good. Graphics all around are excellent....Medal System for Campaign is challenging and fun....Moira Burton is a little bad mouth girl with daddy issues that needs a Spanking!!! :D...Raid Mode is Fantastic!!!Worst Parts:...Dang Frame rate seizure....No head explosion when you get a head shot. (Really?) You gotta fix that asap Capcom!...You can't use Gold from Raid mode to buy BP but you can use BP from Campaign to Buy Raid Mode Gold(LAME!!!)Capcom needs to add that into the game on all supported consoles in my opinion....The AI is really stupid. You switch characters and they don't defend them selves when left alone.That's it. The game works for me and I hope it does for you because it's fun. A lot better then RER1 so far.
,Recommended,287290,14658535,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rat,"It's pretty fun, no performance issues really just a little stuttering with my character for a few seconds here and there,but nothing major. Raid mode is pretty fun too. I wish that we got online day 1 instead of after when all the episodes are out. The campaign is pretty good, nice atmosphere. Can't wait for the next episode!!"
,Recommended,287290,14653946,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MW3 20th Prestige,"Great game so far! I have experinced the choppy fps like other reviewers have stated but its only for a few seconds and isn't anything Capcom can't fix.  For all of these people complaining about the lack of single-player co-op, they must not have played alot because they should be complaining about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the AI is.   The Raid Mode is spot on.  It's exciting, very in depth, and has a load of customization options.  All in all I think Capcom has taken all the good ideas from former games and correctly implemented them into this game.  Capcom should add the ability for online campaing co-op since they won't give us offline co-op."
76561198041950321,Recommended,287290,14659536,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dennis,"The gameplay and UI are way better than RE6, however, developers need to fix frame stutterings issues for PC that occurs regardless of settings. Puzzle wise, RE relevations 2 is alot more simple than previous installations, more puzzle solving and claustrophobic enviroment is the way to go . There is a good mix of action and horror segements, not overwhelming like RE6. Swtiching between characters in game is pretty smooth. Good job on the music. As this the initial release, bugs are expected, I'll forgive you. Lastly, maybe the episodic release is too harsh ....... or the wait for 1 week per episode is too long.Episode 1, What I liked:1) Enviroment2) Neat UI3) Smooth character switch4) RAID mode5) Good mix of action and horrorWhat's bad:1) Frame issues2) Episode ........3) Insufficient puzzle solving4) No local Co-opScore 7.5/10EditEpisode 2Fixed frame issues !! yeah~  The environment/atmosphere is creepy as ever, game play is intensive. I got freaked out once while sneaking around a low wall and a Revenant just suddenly stick its head in your face and growl.... The story narration through Barry's and Clarie's campaign is nice and well paced. We finally got to meet the story's main antagonist (maybe) and of course, the encounter ended with another cliffhanger for Episode 3.  Episode 2 contains some nice intense boss fights that are not draggy like RE6. Really nice and I am looking forward to episode 3.Some bugs though (Contains spoliers)1) Natalia sometimes would not warn or point at the invisible fly2) Zombies sometimes will stuck around corners"
76561198014087983,Recommended,287290,14660459,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,usefulidiot37,"Not sure where the complaints are coming from.  I've had zero issues and thoroughly ejoyed the game.  The lack of offline co-op is a bummer, but I know I've never played offline co-op on a PC game ever and that doesn't make the single player expierence any less enjoyable.  The only thing that bugs me is the episodic release.  I want to finish the story, especially with the weird reveal at the end.  To each their own but as a fan of the series I feel this is a good addition."
,Recommended,287290,14652884,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,"Stop reading this and buy the game already, its that good"
,Recommended,287290,14650075,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Flarez,"You see all these people complaining about choppy FPS and freezing, I've played the first episode for about 2 - 3 hours and messed around on top of that, I got ZERO lag. ZERO FPS drops. ZERO freezing. People complaining about it either; a) have an old PC. b) have a good PC but a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥on it that makes it slower i.e programs open/processes. or c) just complain because they can. Either way I had a very enjoyable time with it.- I had just tried it on my Laptop today which has a gtx 780m, 8gb of corsair ram and an i7 4790Q, worked great and locked at 70fps sometimes dipped to 60 - 65 but literally no freezing or lock ups what so ever.Anyways, do I recommend it? Yes, but only for people who like/love Resident Evil. I've been playing the series and loving it since number 4, went back and finished all the other ones and loved those and even went on to 5 and 6 which weren't THAT bad (although Chris punching a boulder is a bit over the top), however the fact that this is an ""Episodic Series"" is a poor choice for Capcom. I have no idea why they decided to do this, I do mind it and I don't at the same time, having to wait only a week for each episode to come out is nice, but waiting in general is kind of poor. I do like how you can pay $6 and try the game's first episode to see if you like it and it also makes me want to search around in the first episode more and more to see if I have missed anything, but yet again, episodic form just literally does not suit it.ONTO THE GAMEPLAY/GRAPHICS.Gameplay is fun, they kept the same atmosphere from RE: Revelations 1 (i.e kind of like RE4) which is great, makes it feel all the more terrifying while at the same time fun while trying to fight for my life or looking away at a point where I suspect a jump scare is coming which all the points I suspect one is coming.. it does not, except for the first one.Graphics, what can I really say? Looks really good, recently upgraded to a 980 and 32gb of ram so I could run the game no problem, Claire looks great and the effects look amazing, however I felt like the blood at the start of the episode was a little too bright, other than that though the game looked really nice and some scenes were reminiscent of the old RE games, cliche but scary at the same time.STORYStory seems alright for now, still need to see the other episodes/full game before commenting on it but so far it seems like it has a pretty decent story in terms of ""Resident Evil"", good atmosphere, old characters etc. If you want to know more about the story you should look it up, not posting any spoilers here.OVERALLI think the game is a lot of fun and worth the $6 for the first episode at least, you can see if you can play it, how well it runs and most importantly if you like it or not, after all $6 isn't very much, chump change as they say.For now, I'd give it a 7.8 out of 10 for the first Episode at least, not the greatest but not the worst either.FOR MORE REVIEWS STAY TUNED TO IGN huehue 7.8/10 too much water?"
76561198002247763,Not Recommended,287290,14654168,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. Grim,"Would not recommend for anyone, and actually i have to go and look for the license plate on the train that just ran through my gaping @sshole. I was very hyped and aniticipated a very well made Co-op game that i could enjoy with others online or offline LAN, but sadly i got neither. The single player consists of a useful character and a walking talking flashlight that will do absolutely nothing to aid in finding items or fending off enemies unless you take the time to switch characters with them, which then leaves your useful character sitting in the corner grabbing their ankles and waiting for any enemy to take their turn. The story itself seems like it would work well, but the graphical optimization of the game makes it absolutely painstaking to follow without wanting to chuck a brick at a characters face. If you like Resident Evil go ahead and save your time, frustration, and money by just going out and downloading a psx emulator to play any of the orginal games. I rate this overall at 2/10 for lack of quality performance, misleading consumers and fans into a game that seems to still be in development since you couldn't even release the online Raid Mode, and lastly for making a little girl with a brick the most useful character in the game."
76561197965211443,Not Recommended,287290,14670563,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,R!0t,"I am NOT dissapointed because of no co-op.  On the contrary, I am quite happy about it.  What  I am mad about is once again Capcom, the CREATOR of survival horror has once again released an action game.  Resident Evil HD Remastered has broken records for digital sales, and sold more copies in January than ANY OTHER GAME.  That is because the original games have an almost cult-like following that want the classic resident evil back.  Give us the option for fixed camera or over the shoulder.  Put back REAL puzzles in the game, that have you backtracking back and forth like a mouse in a cage.  CAPCOM LISTEN TO THE REAL FANS WHO HAVE BEEN WITH YOU SINCE 1996 !!  Look at your sales, go back to your roots and stop butchering the genre that you birthed."
,Recommended,287290,14730989,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,YouTube/Kire667,Voice acting got way better since the first game. Which for some odd reason was simply remade with the same layout as GameCube version on Steam.Where as RE Revelations 1 reminds me of Cal of Duty or Gears of War controls and combat. RE Rev 2 has more a Silent Hill feel to it.
76561198080600287,Not Recommended,287290,14649749,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,イエス,"Dropped all display settings to the lowest, still unplayable with the♥♥♥♥♥♥fps. Cant even watch the intro cut scene.Was pretty excited to play this game but now it seems like i've wasted my money on this. Not recommended unless capcom do something about it."
,Recommended,287290,14653166,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CharismaticPanda,"To all the people moaning about graphical bugs and frame rate lag, please check your drivers first, I have had no graphical bugs or frame drops, the game isn't the most beautiful but it looks pretty nice none the less. The game play is better than the first with the new tweaks and features make it even smoother in my opinion. So far the Story seems solid and it's certainly trying to up the horror element more. Really looking forward to the rest of the game and online play!"
,Recommended,287290,14644153,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,PREDATARRRR,10/10 Referenced Jill Sandwich.
76561198077105794,Recommended,287290,21501043,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nursing Student,"Resident Evil has finally taken a step in the right direction. It's not perfect, but it is well worth the price of admission."
76561198014681622,Recommended,287290,20210546,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,tasos__18,"It is a very good game .. no crashs no nothing ... good graphics quality but no co-op on ampaign .but still you can play co-op on raid mode ( a mode that has stages and waves of zombies , not very good in my opinion)if you are looking to play alone ...this is the best game ... but you will aree with me that this game needs a co-op on campaign ....SOMETHONG ELSE ( IMPOTANT )DO NOT BUY RESIDENT EVIL 5 AND OPERATIONS RACOON CITY ..they both use GAMES FOR WINDOWS LIVE SErVICE  ..THE SERVICE HAS SHUT DOWN A YEAR AGO .. THEY ARE NOT PLAYABLE . YOU WILL JUST SPEND YOUR MONEY FOR NOTHING ..TRUST ME ."
,Recommended,287290,14656769,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dagou,一开始以为真的是一个星期只有一章，但是实际上是，一章里面有两个分支，这个设定自从生化6之后就出现，而且我觉得是系列中的优点，剧情良心，价格其实也还好。第二章开始找回生化4的感觉，但是后面两章感觉是前面几作生化小游戏的结合体，克莱尔线剧情必须点10086个赞！PS：快点出CO-OP突击模式！
,Recommended,287290,17388458,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Führer Adolf Hitler,Nice Psychology Horror Edition Better Revelation 1If you have Co-op Play will be funny
76561198307080772,Recommended,287290,23672099,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jxxnlxxxd,Good game i enjoyed it.
,Recommended,287290,30751782,Posted: 26 March,all,Leonardo Watchヤメ,Nice Game
76561198130097959,Recommended,287290,23787115,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bald & Pervert,"It's like re4, but with pretty useful partner, not a girl screaming your name"
76561198119690505,Recommended,287290,33182122,Posted: 3 July,all,BestBuy™,I really was into the game until the end all the tragery it felt to me a solid 8/10 buuuuttt...it came down to a 6/10 because of HOW BAD THE ENDING AND HOW  CLICHE  IT WAS. I JUST FELT BAD FOR THE GAME IT WAS GOING PRETTY GOOD.this is one of the moments if its not broken leave like that. Some characaters need to die in order to increase the drama and the horror.Solid 6.5/10Still recommended.
,Recommended,287290,17890277,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,roman2,"Best Resident Evil since RE4, by a huge margin."
76561198132240787,Recommended,287290,20024720,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[stealers.net]AmazingB,GREAT ANOTHER GAME THAT YOU HAVE TO BUY EACH EPISODE TAKE MY MONEY PLEASE WHY DONT I JUST GIVE YOU MY CREDIT CARD INFORMATION AND STEAM PASSWORD
76561198029649733,Recommended,287290,15883665,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Major Tom,Moira is Waifu material.
,Recommended,287290,26623327,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,saladass,master piece ♥
,Recommended,287290,15838629,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,SalThePanda,"dis gam mad meh had pabys, i cri 9/11-ign"
76561198033382445,Recommended,287290,14693816,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Novalex,"Edited after Patch 2.1:When Revelations 2 was first released, many people, including me, were upset with the ""cut-off"" local coop and the poor optimization for PC.Now, things changed. Local coop has been added, optimization is fixed. Now we can play with our friends and won't see strange ""lag"" anymore.So, this is a call for people who gave a negative review to Revelaions 2. If you DO like the game, please change your negative reviews on Revelations 2.Game wise, Revelations 2 is probably the best one in the entire RE series. Enemies are tough, and gameplay is hardcore. The voice casting is the best in the RE series. The plot is half Hollywood-ly generic and half intriging. The main characters feel REAL for the first time in the RE series thanks to the well-written scripts.So if you love the RE series, and you want to a good RE game, play this one. It is now fully play-able and capable for local coop. It's got good gameplay, good characters, good plot, and a good ending.I changed my review from negative to positive, because the game has changed, from bad to good. If you love RE, you won't regret playing Revelations 2"
,Recommended,287290,25069562,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Titan,"this game stroy is really awesome ,and the game play is awesome too ,for some reason when i switch the A-I the A-I doesn't attack the zombie, so i'll give this game 8/10you should buy if u like first person shooter"
,Recommended,287290,18833781,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Shaw Cable Guy,You Are Dead
,Recommended,287290,19099972,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TurnedHero,...FROM THE LAST PART11/10
76561198046729302,Recommended,287290,17071909,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TV Alien,"This game is a step in the right direction for the Resident Evil Series just as its predecessor Resident Evil Revelations was.Pros:-Better atmosphere and pacing: Atmosphere is back and done more subtly with more depth and horror.  It won't match other horror games today, however it takes good ideas from other places.  Much better than Revelations 1 and that was already an improvement for pacing.-Better FOV than Resident Evil 6: The last triple A title was chock full of ways to try to get us to feel claustrophobic and even had an option to change which shoulder the player was looking at.  With a much more comfortable FOV in this game, you're stuck with 'over the right should' view and that's not only classic RE 4, but also good enough when paired with proper FOV.-Good length: about 10 hours taking my time.  None of this 4 different campaigns with a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in between.-Laser pointer vs. crosshairs: the option exists!  However it is located in a bad spot on the menu (more on that later.)-Good forced single-player co-op: For once the series has struck a good balance between the constant escort mission and co-op AI.  With the ability to switch between the two pairs of characters (Claire and Moira—Barry and Natalia) the switch is not only available, but necessary.  One player is always the power character that can get the damage dealt and the other forms the new role of pointman/strategic distraction.  The secondary characters actually have important roles to the story and gameplay and are actually fun to use if used correctly.  They have to be used to get all the items in the game.-Great child character that doesn't need you to hold her hand on everything, gun use excluded: Natalia is a fearless little girl that manages to not be whiny, annoying, or hopelessly mired in little girl inane chatter.  She is dead useful in gameplay, and when used right will be your designated pointman instead of the power character Barry.   A character that straddles the line between escort mission/and useful skills.-Story: The story was a good one and very Resident Evil with viruses, villains, and even some zombies! All I cared was that it wasn't Chris and Piers storyline from Resident Evil 6.  I could care less for an action love fest, the WHOLE campaign.-Good variety of enemy types: This iteration of the Revelations series has a lot more different versions of enemies and even some old favorites in RAID MODE.  Lots of good character designs and types that let the gameplay feel how it should feel on a per-chapter basis.  A nice take on a regenerating enemies.-RAID MODE: A fine addition for anyone that just wants a slight challenge and lots of combat.  Unlocking old costumes for Barry and Claire was fun to play for.-Weapon Mods:  Weapon modifications are done easily enough in the campaign and balanced enough in RAID MODE.  Figuring out the best combinations on different weapons can really make all the difference during a boss fight.  RAID MODE does not allow you to take off mods like in campaign mode.  Either you have to destroy the weapon to get the mods back or you have to destroy all equipped mods on the weapon to get the weapon back.Cons:-Laser aiming buried in menu: You have to go to settings, then 'Display', then 'Details'.  Instead of something expected like under 'Gameplay'.  STUPID.-Graphics and animations: Graphics are not going to match RE 6 levels and should not be expected to be.  This game does well in its art and atmosphere, but will not impress with sheer graphical fidelity.-Moira's English Script: Whether she's making another pun of the moment or using curse words in odd ways, Moira is good at talking like a fantasy 10-year-old.  Whoever wrote her script thought that she had to play the typical teenager who seems to have no practice at cursing.  Sometimes the good ol' lines are best to stick with instead of coming up with new ways to make teens look like try-hards.-The inclusion of a bad ending: Normally this would be good as it gives the player some leeway and includes more content.  However I looked up the triggers for the good/bad endings and found that one decision in the middle of the game is the deciding factor.   The trigger could be missed simply if one had been listening to Moira talk the whole time.  I won't spoil the game, but this seems like a dumb way to get a bad ending, as the decision made will get past the encounter either way without any sign that something wrong was done nor that it would affect another certain pair of survivors.Final Thoughts: Overall I liked this version of the new Resident Evil gameplay systems the most and it shows the most polish in my opinion.  While it can't beat out the originals in my book as they would have to be classed within they're dated context, this was by far the best implementation of Over The Shoulder gameplay since RE 4.  I would highly recommend this game to anybody that had doubts as to the direction of Resident Evil going forward.  If Revelations 1 showed us the possibilities of Resident Evil, then Revelations 2 will further show that if Capcom treats her right, the series can live on."
,Recommended,287290,19513383,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,★Lexasaurus-Lex★,"This game is a good addition to the Revelation series, with new guns, zombies, and the traditional Resident Evil theme we all so enjoy with a great story with likeable characters. However, the direction Capcom has been taking the Resident Evil series still feels fairly shallow. Though the singleplayer is very good, the replayability is detearing simple because you will find your self at certain parts of the campaign in you mind thinking 'Oh my god, I need to do this annoying part again.' Beyond that, the DLCs and different ending do give some incentive to play the singleplayer a little longer.DLC, DLC, DLC, and more DLC. As we as gamers have become all too fimilar with the dreaded DLC over the years, the current marketing schemes by developers will not be changing anytime soon or in the near future. Therefore, its hard to give a game a negative point based on something that has become 'common practice'.Moving on to the other half of the game called Raid Mode. It is a mode that most player migrate too after finishing the campaign is the same scripted horde modes that we have been seeing since earlier titles of Resident Evil. Though many of us Resident Evil fans have been waiting for more depth in term of the Raid Mode nothing has changed at all over the years. The same shallow horde mode still endures with no incentive but to grind for weapon upgrades which make your guns stronger so you can... You guessed it... grind for more weapon upgrades. New to Revelations 2 is character customizations, though this does ad a little more depth to the game it also adds more of the grinding, playing the same high end maps over and over.There are more costumes and maps going back to RE6 int he game which do add more flavor, but at the same time a lot of us players still miss characters and costumes we all come to love, Such and Chris, Jessica, and who can not love Jill's older costumes?I give this game a 7/10 as a Average game, still superior to RE6, but lacks any major improvements over Revelations 1."
,Recommended,287290,19017436,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Powersocke,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 is absolutely brilliant. So brilliant in fact that I don't know which aspect to praise first. So I'll go by my usual order of things: Story, Gameplay, Game Modes, Aesthetic, Technical stuff, Conclusion.Before we begin, let me get this straight:RER 2 is NOT a survival horror game. Not in any stretch of the imagination. If you are looking for a survival horror game you might want to try out Resident Evil HD Remaster. Do it, it's good. However, if you are looking for a very good third person shooter, you've come to the right place.Let's talk about the story:After the events of RER 1, a new organization called TerraSave was founded in order to protect the public from bio terror.  These guys are way more in the open and public than the FBC or BSAA were. So public in fact that someone kidnapped all of the TerraSave guys - including Claire Redfield and Moira Burton, Barry's daughter. After that you find yourself playing as Claire Redfield in some sort of prison in an unknown environment. You'll soon meet with Moira Burton and your goal becomes very clear: escape. As the story transpires you will quickly discover that escaping this place is far more complicated than you thought at first.However, shortly after Barry comes to the rescue after he received a distress signal from his daughter to look for her in said place and along the way meets a little girl, Natalia. They team up and try to find the source of the distress signal as well as Barry's daughter and the source of what has been going on in that place.The story itself might not seem like something special the way I described it, sure. But I didn't want to spoiler anything important. Because one thing in this game is for damn sure: the amount of twists and ""Oh mah GAWD""-moments is astonishingly huge. Before having played through the whole thing everything just confuses you. But after seeing the whole game's content you go ""Ooooooh"" and then you think a little more, read up on stuff and then it's like ""OOOOOOHH!1"". This story is so well-crafted and carefully put together that it's just god damn amazing. To explain why, let me talk about the gameplay.Gameplay wise this game is a nice evolution to its predecessor. You have basic movement capabilities, have again the ability to shoot while moving (which is very important in a lot of situations) and the dodging mechanics work this time. Remember RER 1 with its dodgy dodging mechanic (kek) in which you had to kinda press W or Space while moving in certain ways to dodge enemies? Yeah, wasn't only confusing but nigh-impossible to pull off. Turns out that problem has completely evaporated in RER 2. To dodge, you now just press space and you'll dodge in the direction you were moving. And it works really well. Melee combat is quickly accessible through left mouse click but still as weak as ever except for the finishers you can perform on downed enemies once you've learned the skill.Yeah, the skill system from RE 6 is back. But this time it makes kinda sense and isn't completely useless. You now got a skill tree you can unlock stuff on that is quite useful for combat. Health also works like it did in RER 1 and there's nothing wrong with that, it's all fine.Now, let's talk about the game modes. There are two, campaign mode and raid mode. Let's start with the campaign mode.As you probably have guessed, you got a partner system again. But this time it is executed really well. You can switch between characters at any time to perform different tasks, you can issue commands to your partners and they even heal you or support you in combat automatically without being useless training dummies for the zombies to bash on. The two main characters are Claire and Barry - the ""muscle"" of the game. They have the guns and kill stuff. The sidekicks are where it get interesting. Both Moira and Natalia have their own useful abilities you NEED to use in order to progress through the game without dying all the time or running out of ammo. And ammo is scarce. Remember how we just used to find ammo everywhere, just lying around and stuff? Well, that's different now. Now you have to switch to the respective sidekick and look for little sparklings in the shadows and point at them to reveal that there is an item hidden there. I got all the ammo with Barry but somehow I always had ammo shortages when playing Claire's episodes.Anyway, the game always switches between Claire's episodes and Barry's. What happened in Claire's episodes was in the past whereas Barry's are in the present. That also means that a lot of things you do with Claire and Moira more or less directly impact how the episodes of Barry will play out. Didn't kill a boss with Claire? Well, then you GOTTA kill it with Barry, there's no way around it. That is but one example of how gameplay in the different episodes is influenced. This also means that some events are very, VERY confusing. Doing a certain thing in one episode leads to a certain other thing that has been already done to enable you to do something else for doing something entirely different which has already happened because of it. Get it? Yeah, I know. It's amazing. Once you understand how it works it's absolutely brilliant.Anyway, the way you deal with certain events in either of those episodes will also lead to either the good or the bad ending. I got the bad ending by the way. No idea how to unlock the good ending. After completing the regular 4-episode campaign you also get to play two extra episodes, one with Moira and one with Natalia. The latter going completely without combat, it's basically a giant, well-crafted stealth section. In these extra episodes you get even more story of stuff that happened while all the other stuff happened and you'll go like ""Oooooohh!"" once again.All episodes also have a time trial mode and invisible enemies mode. Dunno why you'd want to beat the latter but meh.ALSO: Haven't seen any QTEs in this game whatsoever. BIG plus.Now, then there's Raid mode. It was also present in RER 1 but in RER 2 they've executed it much better. Seriously. I never played the secondary mode of an RE game so much but Raid mode in RER 2 is FUN. First because the stage variety is so god damn huge. You'll see environments from RE 6, RER 1 and RER 2. The music gets your blood pumpin' and since the overall gameplay is very sleek, gunplay is satisfying. Also because there is huge enemy variety within this Raid mode. You get enemies from three different RE games plus upgraded versions of the enemies plus very neat challenges that are neither too hard nor too easy. It is perfectly balanced. Also you get to play a huge variety of different characters each with their own skills and costumes. Online play is kinda dead however.Speaking levels and stages, the overall aesthetic is executed much better in RER 2. You get to see many different places, some places more than one time because of how the story works but you will notice a lot of changes based on how you dealt with things in Claire's episodes. Graphically speaking it looks very neat, no crappy blurred textures or clipping issues. Enemy variety and design in the campaign is kinda lacking however. There is nothing we haven't really seen before except for those god damn invisible insect-like enemies who can instakill you if they get in range which is a new thing, keeps the game fresh.Now the technical stuff.The game runs fine on max settings and 60 FPS. However reloading a checkpoint after death causes serious frame drops for the first 30 seconds or so. No crashes, no noticeable bugs, good overall performance. Controls are very solid. The options menu has all the nessecities but nothing too exciting. However, this game has voice acting from a lot of countries, including Japan, Spain, Germany etc.Conclusion:One of the best third person shooters I have played thus far.Do I recommend it? Hell yeah I am. Buy this game."
,Recommended,287290,19202618,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Aelorye,This is a new breathe in resident evil series.
76561198045284479,Recommended,287290,18749353,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,VenomousCody,"good game, great online play, but complete bull to have to buy all episodes seperatly. but if your in it for the online play I say great buy. but want more need full game."
,Recommended,287290,17459799,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Koharu,"RE:R2 take the series back to its horror yay!NO more action (RE6 <.<"")you can upgrade your weapons ,awesome RAID mode (co-op)GOOD-controls and aimingNO online campaign co-opGraphic: RE6 better lol but still good (8.5/10)Camera angles/controls: easier than RE6 (9/10)It's good game and give it a chance !"
,Recommended,287290,18229907,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Merely Pretending,"Now, I've played almost every resident evil game there is, from the start on Ps1 until now and this one was so much better then the last few, Eamples? Well while it's still no surival horror ( sadly ) I don't look at this game as one, nor do I plan to sway my opinon because it's different from its roots.1 Urobros monsters actually look like they should and are pretty hard to kill ( unlike RE5 where they where just africans..)2 It doesn't have the best voice acting but in a way it reminded me of classic Resident evils.3 I love merc mode, and this game re-did it in a new way that's legit awesome as hell, I love it and i can gladly poor more than 100 hours in it alone, like I use to do on the other resident evil's and possible more than I have in the old.4 It didn't leave much feeling with the people who come in and out of the story to be honest, but some of the end results left me the feels, good or bad.5 Classic RE bosses where hard. This resident evil has some really stupid hard bosses that work legit JUST LIKE classic bosses in RE 1 and 2 / 3 and that made me extremely happy to see, ( considering the stupid freaking bosses from RE5 and 6, "" look at me I'm some giant worm on a boat lul shoot me wif stuff "" non of that BS )6 I did have some parts where I was feeling a bit scared which I haven't felt in RE since maybe the classics, and I love scary games and it takes a lot to scare me ( look at my Pro pic, freaking loved Silent Hill 3 )7 Gameplay is fun to me, even with the big change in RE 4 with a 3rd person type thing going on, I like how it played and yes you can aim and walk.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~FINAL VERDICT ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~If you're looking for a new RE game that feels like the old, this is as close as you will get, story wise; and little things like the boss fights and the pretty bad voice acting, leaves you with a feeling of RE1/2/3If you like the way RE 6 / 5 / 4 was gameplay wise you'll like this one.If you're like me and freaking of Merc mode, buy this game now and have tons of fun.Great Game > Bad Game,Don't come into this game thinking it will be RE 1/2/3 those games will sadly NEVER make it now in game companies for some STUPID reason. Look at this as some fun, and how RE is suppose to be with the game play of newer games."
,Recommended,287290,18909911,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,MajorDragoon1991,"This game is amazingly entertaining with a fairly rivetting story line.  But there is one problem with this game that I cannot stand.  The nickel and dime method of the episodes.  Graphically it's great.  Storyline is great!  The game itself is pretty great!  But I almost gave this a negative review solely based on the fact that you have to purchase each episode seperately.  Great game, but consider before purchase the fact that you will have to purchase each episode aside from the game itself."
76561198107969377,Recommended,287290,23612345,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,2B✠      ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),this game is cool its good but wtf  i need to pay for ep dont buy♥♥♥♥♥♥like this
,Recommended,287290,15012603,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Gypopothomas,"The best Resident Evil since RE4. Dumb as hell running n' gunning and Infinitely replayable. Just when I think I'm out, it pulls me back in!"
,Recommended,287290,33100652,Posted: 1 July,all,Shekelstein,"I like being a little girl sometimes, is that so bad?It's a great Resident Evil game and a stellar co-op experience.It's a fun time, and pretty cheap."
76561198274427546,Recommended,287290,33368261,Posted: 8 July,all,M-Re,I love thıs game ı wıll meet thıs game first tıme for my cousın(thnk u) and ı say goddamn thats nıce
76561197976167397,Recommended,287290,33384201,Posted: 8 July,all,Padr Inaiss,"I just love the Resident Evil Series. It´s the kind of game i wish never ends. Real good and interesting Story, that keeps me wanting to know whats happens next. In my opinion the graphics are ideal for the type of game, so it has a special atmosphere, also the monsters are very good disigned and original, the cut scenes are awsome. And it is not difficult to master (after a few times trying of curse, there is a logic in the fights, you just have to find it out, or youtube it). To find all items its hard, they are very well hidden, but i can live with that. The Raid mode its fun. I would always buy this games again, if i had to."
,Recommended,287290,33477149,Posted: 12 July,all,Sessho seki,Love it.
76561198066320056,Not Recommended,287290,20304956,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Livoynju,Wanted to shoot zombies with a friend in coop but no not happening and the lame raid mode which actually lets you play with a friend is completely terrible...
,Recommended,287290,33697765,Posted: 21 July,all,Nizar3003,Resident Evil Revelations 3 Please :D
76561198017603036,Not Recommended,287290,23787503,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,rawrrawz,- Camera Speed only has 5 different speeds- Aim speed only has 5 different speeds- Running feels very very awkward when trying to turn- Movement feels sluggish making combat frustrating- Terrible Bot AI. Often times don't look at where I am aiming the flashlight and completely ignoring enemies until they were 1 foot away.
,Recommended,287290,14948030,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,lil rose 044,Игра просто улет! Советую!
76561198004388443,Recommended,287290,14787359,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rikster,"This is an excellent Resident Evil game, and I appreciate Capcom bringing it to us here on Steam! It has that creepy 'what's around the next corner' feel that we should expect from this outstanding series!"
,Recommended,287290,15042948,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,andersonegg,DEFINITELY A BEST SPINOFF GAME. BETTER ATMOSPHERE THAN THE 6 BUT THE CONTROL WAS A LITTLE BIT AWKWARD AND WHERE IS MY RED LASER AIMING?
,Recommended,287290,14777772,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,taekungrevenge,"Just clear Episode 1another Good new Resident Evil since RE: Revelations 1,Hope capcom will make Resident Evil 7 so very soon."
76561198080227738,Recommended,287290,14796294,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MoofeusPro,Great GameCheck out my play through!
76561198109321339,Recommended,287290,14764316,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MarianMCR,"Everything was fine no frame drops in max settings 1920x1080 high details ,but just in episode 1 in first 30second game play was frame drop and after no :)Laptop msi,amd A10 5750M,Radeon R9 m290x"
76561198020690085,Recommended,287290,14784942,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kritikas,"l like this game,but in raid mode annoying then you get items,you need to press all the time to get them and push button again and again and again,fix that thankyou :)"
76561198181775027,Recommended,287290,14775289,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,2934756262,OK
,Recommended,287290,14786820,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Abysszero,This game is really hard on the hardest difficulty. I felt like they didnt test some parts of the game on hard. Still better than RE6...at least this time around its actually a horror game instead of an full on action game. Lets hope claire doesnt become a sandwich at the end of the season.
76561198098783398,Recommended,287290,14777831,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hooligan,great atmosphere
76561198056961913,Recommended,287290,14784272,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,BushidoBlade,"Bought episode 1 on xbox because they had coop. Then after they added coop on PC I bought the full copy for steam. Good job on this capcom!!!!! keep up this kind of work. Me and the wife love too coop but prefer to have lan/online play so we can play on seperate screens.The gamplay is fantastic, the story picks up at episode 2 and leaves you with a cliff hanger!!!!! overall i give it a 8/10. Which is pretty good now days. Its def. worth a buy.I have a decent pc no low fps drops....but do have long loading studders at the start. Maybe an ssd will help? Not sure.I did have too tweek the settings to get a consistant 60 fps. turn on vsync and set to 60. If you turn vsync off or set to variable........you will get bad fps.....weird but expected.My RigI5 2500k Oc 4.7ghz(2) R9 290x8 gigs ramThe crossfire does work btw and helps too lock it at 60 fps consistant. hope this helps!!!!!!!"
76561198007622695,Recommended,287290,14786350,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ErvisVlora,"When the game first came out many of us who grew up with the early RE games thought this was not worthy of the tittle Resident Evil, however i have come to appreciate and respect the work and time spent making this game. That does not mean that my initial evaluation has changed, it simply means the game has earned it's place in my RE games collection. And also means that this game was for me personally the best 40$ spent in a long time, simply because it offers a lot of replay value per $.I have spent countless hours playing the game, and raid mode, also having completed the game itself added another layer of replayability, with the addition of weapon/and costumes unlocks. Both of which make you want to replay the game gather more BP= unlock said weapon and costume.  And yes i am fully aware of the fact that replayability is not a word in the dictionary, but that does not mean we will stop using lol and rofl, or trololol anytime soon does it?"
,Recommended,287290,30406164,Posted: 9 March,all,BEN,good game but the end too short
,Recommended,287290,18562824,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,trout,"""Does Barry tell that story to everyone?"""
,Recommended,287290,31522026,Posted: 3 May,all,。Natalixer-キラーのかみ,"Why I can't Play This game Now, Before i can playPlz Everyone Tell how i can do?"
76561198212970420,Recommended,287290,22158151,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dmsi,لعبة جميلة تستمتع بكل لحظة فيهامن اول حلقة الي اخر حلقة وقصة ايضا في حماس  اذا حبيتها راح تلعب اقل شي 50 ساعةشكرا
,Recommended,287290,34362246,Posted: 19 August,all,Hypestrat22,"First played this in the console, one of my fave RE games of all time, tons of replayability, trust me. Story mode is great, and it doesn't end there, the raid mode is one hell of a big content, with so many characters to unlock and level up with unique abilities, use skill points to acquire and upgrade skills, with so many variety of weapons and parts to upgrade your weapons and keep surviving! Its absolutely great!"
,Recommended,287290,14681528,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Anterk,"RER2 is a terrible port. It's poorly optimized to the extent that I doubt the ""minimum requirements"" are truly enough to run it, and the coop doesn't work. HOWEVER, as a game, RER2 is everything I wanted it to be. Hell, it's everything I wanted Resident Evil 5 & 6 to be; genuinely atmospheric in single-player, with companions that don't waste ammo by default and who won't need you to save them every ten seconds. I've yet to encounter any QTE sections, and as I only play keyboard this is a huge plus. I even like that you can switch between your useful (carries gun) and not-so useful (uses melee weapon/carries flashlight/fits in tight spaces) characters at will, and that anyone who plays single-player is forced to do so if you want to find half the ammo in a level. For the first time in a Resident Evil game I found myself genuinely desperate for more bullets, and it's actually kinda fun (anyone who struggled to keep enough ammo in RE4 may have less fun).Raid mode, the thing you do after you beat story mode, has been giving some people problems. However, aside from the occasional frame drop, I've found Raid mode to be a highly playable variation on the hoard mode formula. You'll encounter specialized/modified monsters, unlock weapons, and earn cash and experience to put toward a character upgrade system (there's a similar skill system in single-player, but there doesn't seem to be any overlap between the two).RAID MODE FEATURES MICROTRANSACTIONS, but the things you can buy appear to be mostly meaningless: gems that allow you to continue a Raid mission without losing any found items or progress, and extra guns and parts. RAID MODE LOCKS ELEMENTS OF GUN/UPGRADE STORAGE AS DLC, which is sad, but you are free to sell any weapons/upgrades you don't want/need.Does releasing a bad port and sticking in microtransactions make Capcom a huge corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Yes. Do I regret my purchase? Not at all.Buy if you like Resident Evil."
76561197977656182,Recommended,287290,14800087,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Brejika,"I have rarely written a review for a game on steam, but having read what people are writing about this game i feel i need to. If you listen to the excrement that the negs are spouting you will miss out on a gem of a gamne.Please ignore any of the reviews you read where the main subject matter is the lack of Co-Op. This alone does not warrant a negative review.This game is brilliant fun. It has the right mix of survival horror and action. The episodes so far (just finished episode 2) are really well structured and have me excited for the next instalment.Raid mode is good fun with plenty to unlock and enough to keep you interested for a fair few hours.Every so often I encounter a drop in frame rate but nothing game breaking.Reading the majority of the negative reviews on here leaves a sour taste from over entitled spoilt brats. Give the game a go and you will not be dissapointed."
76561198107148540,Recommended,287290,14837118,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Lamb Sauce,This game is amazing so far. I love the Resident Evil 1 puns made by Claire & Barry and overall the style of play is really fun. Raid Mode is also a nice mode where you can kick back and relax whilst getting crazy loot and beating highscores. I do struggle with some stutters and fps drops every now and then for no reason but it's worth a shot picking out the first episode and trying it out. It has a lot of replay value and I can't wait for all episodes to be out. They are also listening about the request for co-op and it has been put in the works which is great. I give this 8 Jill Sandwich's out of 10!
76561197960405870,Recommended,287290,14800515,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ghost Knight,"I was skeptical about this game until I read about the raid mode. Story is typical Resident Evil fare, but the gameplay is solid. They rolled back some of the movement features from RE 6 thankfully (like the roll dodging and accessing your inventory via a clumsy interface through a phone or something) and have kept the meat of the 3rd person shooter mechanics. This with the RPG elements similar to Mass Effect 3 or other short wave based rounds with leveling up equate to solid and quick fun of gunning zombies down with either defense mode or point A to B (sometimes with and without a timer). Still waiting on that online co-op, but it'll be released when all four episodes are out.Graphics are good overall, but the pre-rendered cutscenes are cringeworthy with how the faces look."
76561198029263022,Not Recommended,287290,24761611,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,roshiron18,"Disclaimer and TL;DR: I made it 47min through, where the flamethrower thing is. RE4, RE5, and The Evil Within veteran who's quite used to useless sidekicks (played them more than three times each) and I hated this game. Take that for what it's worth. (Didn't play 6 because I hate QTE button mashing, which I'm told that one has in spades.)Absolute crap. Just buy and play the Resident Evil 4 remake instead. They got the horror vibe down just fine. The writing is still bad, so that's unfortunate:Tactical agents raid the company gathering by helicopter, shooting into the air,One says ""Claire Redfield, you're coming with us""Claire ""No, there must be some mistake!""They're trained agents, they tactically raid the party, they walk right up to you and call you by name, and you think there's a mistake. Really?It's frustrating that it's still two characters at all times. Wish it would be a solo adventure with some occasional assistance. Moira is totally unlikable. What's some high school teenager doing at a Counter-Bioterrorism agency? If I understand things right these guys are a combination of police, EMT's, and trained specialists, not some around the corner volunteer agency.The gameplay is frustrating. I don't know about Barry's arc, but with Redfield and Moira you have to constantly switch between them for dumb reasons. There's a shiny thing in the corner, rather than just send Redfield to collect it, you have to get Moira and her dumb flashlight to shine on it, then collect it. Moira is able to blind foes by shining a beam of light on them, she never does this, you have to switch to her and do it yourself if you want it done, leaving Redfield vulnerable.Good news is that Moira can regen HP, where Redfield cannot, so it's often useful for her to take the lead and get jumped rather than Claire. Unfortunately a key element to ammo conservation (and ammo is pretty scarce, so this is key) is to knock an enemy down with Redfield, then finish with Claire. However since Moira will never do this (or anything really) by herself, you have to quickly switch to her to do it, and hope you rush to the enemy in time to finish the job. Which you often don't, since the window to do this is so small.TL;DR: RE4 and 5 veteran who's quite used to useless sidekicks (played them more than three times each) and I hated it. Take that for what it's worth. (Didn't play 6 because I hate QTE button mashing, which I'm told that one has in spades.)"
,Recommended,287290,23769896,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,projecteulogy | gamekit.com,"Got this when it came out on Humble Bundle, but didn't play it because I didn't want a cliff hanger story.. Today, the expansions were on sale. So I decided to play the first episode.Now I'm hooked. Much better than RE1.p.s. This is the first game Ive bught, then bought the deluxe edition later. I was unaware I had to redownload the game. So for 20 minutes I was in game wondering why I couldn't play the second episode and got mad for no reason. Haha fml"
,Recommended,287290,21933675,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Wahburger™,i need to buy the other episodes! i enjoyed it :)
,Recommended,287290,20973723,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ryamatsu,"At first, I bought this game mostly because I love RAID mode. I'm a huge fan of the RESIDENT EVIL series but I feel, like so many others, the series has gone downhill starting with RE:5.However, I actually really enjoyed the story campaign. I absolutely adored the inside jokes going on, ""I was almost a Claire sandwich!"". Yes, it does sound a little forced but RESIDENT EVIL has finally become self-aware about how ridiculous the RE storyline is. The game has a lot of fun with it and finally gives the series something a little refreshing in terms of not taking itself way to seriously (looking at you RESIDENT EVIL 6).The story mode has a little bit of everything you'd expect from a RESIDENT EVIL game. It has suspense, jump scares, bizarre puzzles, really cool looking monsters, great boss battles and memorable characters.CLAIRE REDFIELD - They jacked her face up and I miss the original voice actress named Alyson Court (RE2, CV, Deg, DC, Mercenaries 3D, ORC) Let's face it, like David Hayter is to SOLID SNAKE, Alyson Court is to CLAIRE REDFIELD.MOIRA BURTON - Really unfortunate name and also a very unfortunate childhood. I love her little backstory of why she hates guns. I thought it flowed pretty nicely and is executed well. Careful towards the end though as you will get the bad ending if you don't do something special with her during a boss battle. I missed it at first because I didn't know I could switch to her during the struggle. She also swears a bit too much, could've toned that down a bit.BARRY BURTON - Total badass in this game. He lost his cheesy ways but he is a likable character.Alex Wesker is for some reason shewed in because she/he is briefly mentioned once in a memo you find in RESIDENT EVIL 5, I believe in the DLC mission for the Spencer mansion or something like that. It talked about the WESKER children and Alex and Wesker were the only ones that made it. Well, I guess CAPCOM replayed all of the games trying their best to find a villain, honestly it's kinda forced and lame but hey, it's RESIDENT EVIL. We play these games for the gameplay and atmosphere.RAID mode is obviously the clear winner of this game and I really love this mode. It really needs to be expanded on more though, I actually suggest making an online game based around RAID mode entirely. Include 4 player COOP like RE: Outbreak, expand the RPG leveling up mechanics, give a huge BORDERLANDS style amount of randomized guns, and profit all the way to the bank because we would eat that right up."
,Not Recommended,287290,32933173,Posted: 28 June,all,GAGS,I LOST MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BRAIN IN FIRST 10 MIN
,Not Recommended,287290,34528821,Posted: 27 August,all,vQoo,It is just so so. The story is below average.
,Not Recommended,287290,19999646,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Moook,Episode 1 of a series. A short and unsatisfying story. Lackluster enemies and cluncky controls. A shame to call this a Resident Evil game. And to top it off the game has preformance issues even on high end hardware.
76561198088803961,Recommended,287290,22146964,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Zzombie3099,This game is awesome i love it the campaign is well done and Raid Mode is really fun with friends.
76561198118387605,Recommended,287290,23318976,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,nancy66k,I love this game ♥
76561198278646464,Recommended,287290,23592205,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,dontworryaboutmeyouclaud,This game rocks my socks off. Never played a residents evil game before but love this one. Im glad it took my residents evil virginity.
,Recommended,287290,23598513,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Assbad,"I bought this without reading anything because it was 1€ and the screenshots looked good.I was very positively surprised by the game, the camera isn't the best (it works well with a gamepad but took a lot of getting used to with the mouse) but the whole set-up is great and I enjoyed the gameplay very much despite the constant switcheroo in single-player-mode.As another positive I get to say something I don't usually get to say often anymore: the game seems very well-optimised. I experienced balanced load and no stuttering on a 3 year old rig at high settings.The only real point deduction here has got to be for the store-page stating ""co-op"" instead of ""local co-op""- and what a bummer that is! If this game had online co-op (for the campaign, not just Raid-mode), it'd be an extremely good game in my opinion. A lot of the gameplay difficulty really seems to boil down to timing-crucial events where both characters have to do something specific, so I imagine the game isn't only more fun, but also easier/less frustrating in co-op.I ""fell into the trap"" and bought the full bundle after playing episode one, well worth it imo, would recommend. Maybe wait for summer sale."
,Not Recommended,287290,14671542,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Echo 5 Bravo,"After having completed campaign I figured I'd edit my review a bit.With the latest patches and tweaks, The game is alot more ""playable."" however whether or not its ""enjoyable"" is really up to your oppinion. The game plays like a typical 3rd Person shooter, with the exception that the partner system is annoying at best and irritating during tougher segments. Enemies are fairly bland with the tougher enemies being straight ripped out of Silent Hill (play it and you'll see what I mean).Claire and Moira's Campaign segments can be playable...if Moira could be silenced. Her dialogue is annoying and it will grate on you throughout the entire playthrough. Otherwise its fairly dull and uninspired. Episode 2 picks up the pace a bit with the introduction of Claire's team-mates from Terra-Save. Sadly, the cliche's and predictability in story starts kicking in, that by when the big reveal happens in Episode 3/4 you find yourself saying ""saw that coming a mile away.""Barry and Natalia's parallel quest is FAR more interesting than Claire and Moira's. This could be due to not having to hear Moira's mouth. Though Natalia could be a little bit more useful that pointing out monsters. You'll find yourself using Barry more just to quickly dispatch enemies and using Natalia as a pack mule. I will say, Barry's campaign to find his daughter was more enjoyable, but the end leaves more questions than it answers. That being said, Barry ends up being unintentionally hilarious delivering his lines. The ending will leave you wanting more than what you ended up paying for.As far as replayability goes, Raid more and the extra campaigns offer interesting challenges if you really start taking a liking to the game. However , if you're like me and are a  Resident Evil Fan, these extra modes don't really make up for the lack of a true finale. It will feel more like the devs are trying to squeeze extra cash out of your wallet rather than putting forth a product that engaging. The lack of online co-op in raid mode also makes this something you'd rather watch a friend play on youtube than to drop 60$+ for."
,Recommended,287290,25054933,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lucid Lamb,"Best 64p I have ever spent the story is really well done but I loved the Raid Mode, basicly turns the game into a zombie RPG the combat is so satisfying each kill feels the same as a kill in Dark souls. I would have even paid the original 4.99 if I was aware of this mode."
,Recommended,287290,33135803,Posted: 2 July,all,Amor Fati 117,"I have more hours on PS3. It's better than the first Revelations. This one now has co-op (and the co-op is interesting, since the second player will control differently from the first), a better story and cast, and a much better Raid mode (although Mercenaries is still more fun than Raid mode).If you're looking for something that feels like classic Resident Evil, though, you won't really find it here - it still rides on the coattails of RE5/6's over-the-top action story and presentation that the Hollywood movies inspired the series to eventually adopt. If you want something that feels isolating and leans more towards psychological horror rather than just body horror, try the new Resident Evil 7."
,Recommended,287290,16282385,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,shadowbow7458,"Buy it for the raid mode, the story is great as well though alot better than res 6"
76561198210593913,Not Recommended,287290,21036523,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ℛ℟Rhythm☈❥,it has no online co-op can't play with friends and familyalso who plays in split screen using a pc??
76561198176959619,Recommended,287290,29562176,Posted: 29 January,all,AustriaGamer,"Best game of all time. Perfect balance of control accuracy, graphics, personalization, customization, story, character development, features, challenge scaffolding, game modes and action elements.  The fun never ends."
,Recommended,287290,29529448,Posted: 27 January,all,Oobi,I ♥♥♥♥ing love it and i plgot the deluxe edition so i got everything and its fun as hell and i play the ♥♥♥♥ out of raid mode but god damn it its servers are long dead im the highest on all leaderboards someone help me
,Recommended,287290,17734464,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,BARRY. MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN'. BURTON. 'Nuff said.
76561198178947961,Not Recommended,287290,19329325,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,bucinat0r,This is too $hort for that money
,Recommended,287290,19359652,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,icez**,Huh scarry
76561198169319145,Recommended,287290,31130397,Posted: 14 April,all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,"Great game,super fun."
76561197966470735,Recommended,287290,14952345,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,WarmasterL33T,"good game, could be better, but it good for what it is."
,Not Recommended,287290,15862783,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Semedar,"No FOV slider and don't want to use the FOV mod online/raid mode since I'll probably get banned for ""cheating"".It's like I'm playing through a telescope; made me a bit nauseous."
,Recommended,287290,33912711,Posted: 30 July,all,xyymx,beautiful game!! very nice
,Not Recommended,287290,21747013,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Arcade  TW:@logicphobia,BS episode microtransactions make the game feel incompleat. why not charge a normal fee and not screw other resident evil fans Capcom! ?
,Not Recommended,287290,35192527,Posted: 24 September,all,Scythe,"They should fix the aiming controls.  I don't think that will happen, though.  So much potential is wasted by this flaw.  It's actually much worse with a mouse than with a controller.  There's a weird deceleration effect which prevents precise control, and there's nothing you can do about it."
,Not Recommended,287290,23818929,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TrapGod,"TL;DR: If you are willing to spend 6 euros for an hour of gametime in each episode (there are 4 episodes), buy it, tough it seems pretty overpriced to me.So,I got the first episode at the Winter Sale for just 90 cents. It was a really great deal but I immediately regreted it.Once I started playing, I got into the action and I was so damn pumped,but finished episode 1 in like 50 minutes. It was short as hell, so when I completed it and was asked by an in-game message if I want to buy the other ones, and I of course clicked yes. It took me to the store and the amount of DLC I saw was bigger than my wardrobe. Episodes are very short and all DLC is overpriced, I mean, seriously, 6 euros for an hour of gametime? Hell no. Capcom have become greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (at best), but the quality of the game is nevertheless good, the only downside it has being the little gametime. I would gladly pay 3 or 4 euros for an episode, since the game is well made and has some serious action. But right now, with the current price of these episodes, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,287290,23945421,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,saulhdz,My fisrt game when I was a kid was resident evil 1 then resident 2 and so on so my review its good......
76561198127964132,Recommended,287290,23845827,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GMaN30,Buy it nooow
76561198084146084,Recommended,287290,23849040,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,STieveBow,"july/21/16the campaign is sh!t, to easy, to short (DLC  FCCK) and lack of contents. i dont have episode 4, i have only 3 episode its its enough for me to say that this is♥♥♥♥♥♥ only raid mode is fun, other else is sh!t thats all. I thumbs up because i love the franchise, if you are not a fan of RE go thumbs down."
76561198276646956,Recommended,287290,23924021,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BW WickerMan,"It is amazing, I really liked the story. But its very short, if u are buying it u should get the next parts aswell. :)"
,Recommended,287290,24026982,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: It's familiar Resident Evil territory.Favorite Thing: Two separate stories taking place 6 months apart. It's a neat twist.Least Favorite Thing: Being forced to constantly play as the harmless partner to find items.Playtime: ~ 14hEnjoyment: 7/10Horror Rating: 5/10Recommendation: If you're a fan of Resident Evil or horror games then yeah. Otherwise, no."
,Recommended,287290,24023308,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,pressFtocontinue,"Checked minimal requirements on steam. Seems ok. Checked minimal requirements online. Still seems ok. Got first episode. Game laggy as f__k. Google to rescue. Found some solutions. Still laggy. Lowered everything to minimum. No difference. Lowered resolution to 800x600. What is this? Stable framerate? Nope, first enemy on screen and game is lagging again. Screams in agony. Got the game for Xbox ONE with season pass. Great game. Enjoyed it. PC master race."
,Recommended,287290,24378328,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Seduced by Daemonette,Claire got old (Moira got 18 )
76561198267600918,Recommended,287290,24086732,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,King Godler,Raid mode got me hooked!
76561198131754220,Recommended,287290,24628276,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lucifer,good
76561198047029541,Recommended,287290,28929185,Posted: 1 January,all,Pray or Die,"Believe it or not,At some time (hour) when u think there's no one play this,Try enter blue door for custom matchmaking....U will find people in there..Love this matchmaking !!!"
,Recommended,287290,26010288,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,snowpirate117 gamekit.com,Only played the first episode but nice to see that Barry and Claire are back.
76561198111482917,Recommended,287290,23831472,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GreggaryPeccary,Bought on sale.Great atmosphere. Genuine tension and terror.
76561198030864773,Not Recommended,287290,18241494,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Bullidom,Its ok. But it felt like a chore to play. I personally feel it needs to go back to old school Resident Evil.
76561198086036772,Not Recommended,287290,16929431,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Waifu for Laifu,"Being a huge fan of the original Revelations, it surprised me just how under the radar Revelations 2 was. I didn't even know of it's existence until I stumbled across it by accident. And now I know why.It's painfully generic. The shooting mechanics are okay, but aiming feels floaty and inaccurate. Like the previous Revelations, you still don't get a health bar, meaning it's still difficult to accurately gauge how much health you have left. Making the screen pulsing and red doesn't tell you if you can survive one more hit or two more hits. As well, like the previous Revelations, there's still a scanning system. To find the majority of the ammo in an area, you have to stop and painstakingly scan each individual room. It kills the pacing like nothing else.Also, half of the things in this game are copied from other horror and action titles. If you squint your eyes enough, Barry Burton's campaign looks a hell of a lot like The Last of Us, only even more profoundly♥♥♥♥♥♥ You'll find enemies where you have to shoot limbs off, Dead Space style. Only in Revelations 2, instead of shooting limbs to weaken enemies, you're forced to shoot limbs off to make a random glowing weak spot appear. And you'll groan when you come across Pyramid Head copies.RE games are hardly known for their original and creative stories. But, Revelations 2 does the 'missing person' plot better than Revelations 1 by leaving the state of the missing party's future ambiguous, instead of showing them being completely fine. However, the story is hamstrung by terrible characters and awful writing. The one-liners are just awful.To boot, the PC port is very sketchy. Even on the highest settings, the textures are blurry and muddy, and environments are flat and simplistic. The game really does look like a spit polished 3DS port. Even then, that doesn't excuse the framerate problems every time you exit a loading screen, and framerate problems for any map with weather effects.Also, have fun trying to work past a lockpicking minigame that requires controller rumble when you're using a mouse and keyboard."
76561198080269099,Recommended,287290,18802544,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Velitel,God horror game.fresh blood ! :-D
76561198040267879,Not Recommended,287290,14645232,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rotal,"I'm not usually one to pass judgement after less than five minutes of playtime but Revelations 2 has managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off before the actual gameplay even started - a stuttering prerendered intro cinematic, and a boring and badly acted one at that, seriously? FPS stuttering in the game? I mean it looks okay but my PC should eat that game for breakfast. I'm gonna give it the benefit of the doubt because it still looks fine atmospherewise but seriously... they need to patch this. Really, really need to patch this."
,Recommended,287290,14644476,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Houston,"**This is the first time i've written a review before, so bear with me.Resident Evil Revelations 2 is......interesting.The game is presented kind of like how the first Revelations was......but not.Lets start at the story.PlotClaire Redfield and Moira Burton get kidnapped from some ""TerraSafe"" company party. (company that will only exist for a single game)They wake up on this secluded island, where almost everyone in TerraSafe is assumingly being butchered and tortured.Scary men with weapons try to stab you.Barry Burton finds a signal that Moira sent, so he finds the island. (How no one else could is beyond me quite frankly)He meets a creepy little girl who appears to have escaped from captivity.And that is literally it. (Without spoiling anything!)The relationship between Moira and Barry seems fairly rocky and could/will lead into a heartfelt reunion, but other than that, nothing much actually happens or sets up the next chapter. The ""On the next episode"" is fairly interesting, but I won't give that away.AestheticsThe game shares the same kind of graphic style from Revelations 1, but instead of a creepy looking boat, we get a creepy looking prison that reminds me a lot of the Evil Within. The definitely looks nice, but its nothing spectactular. The only things that were notably cool were the fog effects while playing as Barry outside, and a new enemy you encounter later looks fairly neat. The game, however, links with a previous iteration in the series, so the whole look of that specific enemy feels more or less ripped off. The normal enemies for Claire's section all see to be pretty neat looking, even though they aren't exactly introduced really smoothly. The enemies in Barry's section are bland zombie models that look like every other single zombie from anything. The games atmosphere isn't exactly as engaging as I would have hoped, but it did the job of keeping my attention. The only reason the atmosphere doesn't shine like it should is because of a lack of build-up in tension, and a lack of any real pressure. (Does atmosphere fall under aesthetics? oh well.)Gameplay & ControlsThe game has a similar style of controls to the first Revelations, but it feels a lot smoother in this game. Claire handles well, and never seems to get stuck in a three-point turn due to the amazing tank controls that the series was built on. During some portions, you might need to switch to your accompanying partner to solve a partner, or to locate items. Oh yeah, they got rid of the scanning thing. Now all you have to do is look at the item with your partner and you can pick it up. (Thank you jesus)Your partner seems to be incapable of using a weapon no matter who you play with, so usually you have to defend them from enemies. While playing as Moira, you can stun enemies with a flashlight, and combo them with a crowbar. This is probably the most convenient way to deal with your foes, since it costs literally no ammo. The weapons you get for Barry and Claire feel like they should be reserved for a special enemy or occasion, but the game never presents you with a difficult situation. At all.The game was fairly easy on normal difficulty, so switching to the harder difficulty might be necessary if you are blowing through all the enemies with easy.Did I mention it is under 3 hours to complete?Yeah, 3 hours.Thereis, however, a Raid Mode, which has a really interesting presentation. It is mission-based like the first game, but in here, you get to customize your characters skills and taunts and weapons in a more enjoyable manner. I haven't played much of the Raid Mode, but once I do, I'll update my review. (If anyone cares about it)PerformanceThe game ran silky smooth for me, except for some weird jittering with Claire's model in the beginning of the game. The game has what I assume to be loading screens at certain doors, but they all pass very fast. (Just a quick fade to black and back.)OverallThe game was fun.... but lacking. It is sorta unfair to judge the game without the entire game being out, but it's also unfair to release the game episode at a time. (Cmon dudes. :c )With more content, It will most likely be easier to give this game an appropriate rating, so I will be updating this review as the game releases more content. (Only if the review has anyone's interest.)Final Score : 7/10Even as a die-hard RE fan, I had really low expectations going in, but I was pleasantly incorrect on those assumptions. The game seems to have a fair amount of content IF you include Raid Mode currently, but really lacks in any kind of pacing or replayability for the first Episode. I'm excited to see the second Episode, since the preview tickled me fancy.Also, Barry is the man so who wouldn't want to play as him??(Forgot to mention, quite a few Resident Evil 1 references that actually made me chuckle. GG)Thanks for reading my review! If anyone is dying to talk about what they felt with the game, feel free to message me.Have Fun!(EDIT: I did write a review for a steam badge a while back. I am a fraud.Also Claire's butt is really awesome and should be a deciding factor in your purchase honestly.And I don't play co-op too often, so it will be added to the review when it's in the game.ALSO, Thanks for the Valentine correction, I slipped up.)"
,Recommended,287290,14686421,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hanzo,"Firstly the frame rate was abit of a problem but it was still playable for me, the raid mode is currently single player only but later on multiplayer will be implement after the whole episodes is out. Well at it currently state many people are having frame rate problem but lucky for me it wasn't that much of a problem. I won't recommend it to anyone not until they fix the frame drop problem but if you want to try your luck like me, by all means. As for the raid mode, they really did a great job and i would said it a great improvement compare to Revelation 1, MAN!! i just can't stop playing raid mode right now."
,Recommended,287290,24066330,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Quasar.,"This game is pretty fun, although the dev's concentrated more on the visual horror than any other aspect of the game, but it's still enjoyable."
,Recommended,287290,24138504,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,me,"""The storepage says the game has co-op gamemodes, this must mean that everything in the game can be played cooperative! I'll just buy this game without doing any research whatsoever... What, the campaign can't be played in Co-Op? FRAUD! FALSE ADVERTISING!!!""The 'Raid'-mode can be played cooperatively with friends or via PUG, Campaign however cannot. If you bought the game expecting that all modes can be played in Coop because the storepage says that the game contains coop features, the blame is on you because you failed to inform yourself properly. Giving this game a bad review because you're unable to use google just makes you look even more like an idiot, so stop it.REvelations 2 is set between the events of Resident Evil 5 and 6 and is a step back to the roots of the franchise. The game is split in 4 episodes, each of which contain a story segment where you play as Claire Redfield and Moira Burton, and a segment where you play as Barry Burton and Natalia Korva, 6 months after the events of Claires and Moiras segment.The Claire and Moira campaign certainly plays like old resident evil games. To me it was quite scary due to the excellent scenery design, and the fact that enemies do not drop ammo or healing items adds even more to the feeling of panic the game induces occasionally.The Barry and Natalia campaign plays a lot like the last of us with more emphasis on fighting zombies, which isn't a good thing. The developers clearly tried to recreate TLOU with Barry being entrusted to take care of Natalia right from the start of the game. Sadly, Joel is an emotionally cold ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, while Barry is not, and thus the moments that are supposed to mimic character developing moments from TLOU fail catastrophically at delivering anything to the player. The only half-decent emotional moment is in episode 4, where Barry cracks up and tells Natalia about why Moira is afraid of firearms.Natalia is a child and Moira, as said before, is afraid of guns, which is why both don't use them, instead, Moira uses a flashlight and lights the way for Claire while Natalia can see infected through walls (not explaining why because spoilers).Both can see blinking objects on the ground, hidden in small crannies, point them out and make them up-pickable items.Due to this, and Moiras ability to stun enemies by blinding them with her fleshlight, you will want to play as the defenceless character surprisingly often, which is a nice refreshment from the terrible shooting games who also happened to include things that are related to the Resident Evil universe, such the last 2 main installments in the series, the Operation Racoon City spinoff, and the more recent umbrella corps.The plot revolves around the sister of Albert, Alex Wesker, and is fairly well-written (above average for the Resident Evil series i'd say) however it's really nothing special compared to heavily narrative-driven games, so if you want a story-heavy game this isn't what you're looking for.This game is the result of the combined effort of lots of talented developers, and I can wholeheartedly recommend it if you're on search for a decent 3rd Person Horror-Survival shooter."
76561198031601948,Recommended,287290,14645191,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mrpointlessone,From what i played so far its fun in my opinion but i have also been a fan since RES 1 on N64 and would play and still love it to death if bigbird was the main character. Its kinda like Revelations one but improved alot grahpics leveled weapons ect. please ignore comments of it not work right and thumbs downing it just play it safe and wait for a fix not everyone have kickass computer that can handle anything thrown at it.-I like to be able to backtrack to get missing medals it seem like this is going to be on psvita or 3ds.
76561198049260630,Recommended,287290,14645248,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheGamingMetalHead,amazing been waiting for this game for a while and just beaten the first episode. there is a difficulty spike when near the end of claire and moira(espcape from the prison etc) and barry was fairly easy. still it is a great game and icant wait for the other episodes to come
,Recommended,287290,23603194,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,xSavageryx,"So far so good, good job I brought each chapter or that would have been a short game lol... chapters seemed a lot longer on revelations 1? maybe will pick up a bit as only starting number two so far. great game so far however, impressed, has a creepy atmosphere."
76561198260006561,Recommended,287290,24468781,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lukong1515,"Okay so I don't know what happened to my first review also Steam wasn't on during time so Recorded time is off and weird (I uninstalled at 4 hours and asked for refund and got none so I figured I had to live with it, now its saying 0.5hrs when Wesker is at Lvl 20 now...and Raid Mode is terrible Grinding so it wouldn't take 30mins to get Wesker to Lvl 20).This review is based on the DeluxeRaid Mode- Raid Mode is bland and I don't mind (As it feels like a game on its own), but shouldn't be slow growth and lack of weapons as this makes Raid Mode now unenjoyable (Instead of making Umbrella Corps you should have made a Raid Story of the Campaign like RE4)- Its great they have Small/Large Levels, Long/Short Levels, and Enemy Count and better variety of Revolvers (Smith & Wesson Model 500 aka Pyhon & Mateba is Awesome), but its seems instead of adding more Weapons they took some away (G36, P90), reskin some with Gold (High Roller & MP-AB50G)  while some have too much of the same design (MPM, P10)Guns I wish were added or replaced look alikes, they should have used Google > Wiki List of Pistols > Scroll near Bottom >See Also- SMG= Apache-SMG, UMP45- Assault= Move G36 to Assault and have M60,  M2 Browning HMG, FAMAS G2 too- Show some visible Addons (Like Laser, Scopes, Barrel, Stock) say for Certain Addons or Special Names like Speed Shot, etc- Handgun= Jericho 941, SIG Pro- Shotgun= AA12, Striker- Grind is worst compared to ReREV1, some say the Leveling is Faster, but I don't notice also having to level multiple characters kinda sucks- Leveling: With Rev1 Max was 50 for all (Too easy) vs 100 for each one (harder) and not much unique abilities for everyone (Unenjoyable) like how Wesker can teleport side to side in RE5. there is No Infected Niel, no Natella or Natella Wesker in Raid Mode** (Don't tell me that makes Online unfare***...they could plenty of things to level the playing field also I play offline)About **Natella could be a Puppet Master and there could be different kinds of Lottie per weapon Type, Lottie the Bear = Magnum, Kassee the Ant = SMG, Muunun the Cat = Handgun, Novory the Dog = Assault and Owen the Eagle = Sniper, Bullets are Friendly Colorful Balls or Cotton and Losing Puppet (Or touch Back like Tag) means Natella Wesker is unleashed which allows you cut everything up in short range or slowly with some sort of set back (You have to choose where each slice goes, but player can see where its coming right before it unleashes).***For the see through the wall it could be like Halo's Radar, crouch and stay still to be invisible. Only allow players with the same Character to face each other.- Would be nice to see weapon stats at certain level like changing weapon also when I switch between Weapons while playing, possibly View Addons Equiped & their Stats- Shop: Better as it offers more options andallows the Selling of Weapons & Addons(As Rev1 had a Problem with only option to destroy), but needs minimuim amount of addons of 10, allow Weapons/Addons to be added to a Wish List (Refresh happens after Deploying vs REV1: Exit Shop) and have a Refresh/Restock Store Button or only Refresh Store when button is pressed- Addons: Worst part is they cost 4000 Gold (Raid Mode Currency) + the Weapon (Destroy the Weapon) to remove Addons (There replacable in Rev2 Story & Rev1 Raid) from WeaponShould have been 4000-Weapon Value = Addon Recovery Amount or Scale 4000 to Level (4000 =Level 100-76, 3000=75-51, 2000-50-26, 1000=25-1) and Subtract Weapon Value from it.-Addons Statsyou don't see the effects before you equip or are given a clear description of what the addons and special Names doStory- At first I was upset at how ammo is so hard by the 2nd Episode, but thendecided to start from the beginning Episode and notice I got to keep all my stuff, so pretty much the replay value is there and if the game is hard just go to the beginning- I was also Upset that the everything needs BP rather than reward, but I realize without the carry over stuff, each playthrough would be harder though that is not the case (I guess when companies put in ""cheats"" for Players it makes the game more fun like NFS:Most Wanted=No Damage or Skyrim=Take everything)- Basicallyyour Inventory carries from Episode to Episodeso no need to worry about going through a whole level with the same stuff or lack of ammo, butthe benefit of Episodes vs Rev1 is you can start the Episode from anywhere instead of starting a new game, but you can't start too close to a certain Checkpoint only comeback to a Checkpoint after Quiting- I WISH THEY GAVE US MORE EPISODES/Side Stories/Point of Views (Niel, Mother of Balls, Alex Wesker, as/to a Glasp/Revenant/etc) or KEEP RELEASING THEM!!!I FINISHED IN 9 HOURS (AND THERE IS A CHALLENGE TO FINISH IN 3HOURS=Short Game)after restarting at EP2...EP3 & EP4 were a breeze...(I feel episodes would be better than a whole game with 1 giant story...would be great to go back to Raccoon City, Terriagia, etc and play as people in the Beginining of the Outbreak)- Playing as Secondary at first is better (As Moira's Crowbar is better than Claire's Knife, but as for Natella when I'm not with her as Barry, I feel more scared not knowing where Dead People -I can't see Dead People- are when Claire's Team) until they you aquire BP and get Skill for Barry & Claire to attack (Though they should have made it so the bullets do get used up per Power Upgrade otherwise Free Bullets should do less damage like Rev1)- Raid Mode Stories (Non-Canon) with more monsters and have Moira with a Gun, Barry and Claire (Boat Start = Claire & Barry comeback for Moira & Natella or Jail Start, Barry & Claire are taken)- Take a Picture at each checkpoint so at least I know what progress goes missing and what I'm loadingDLC- Like before -in older Review- the extra space -Weapons & Addons- is somewhat pointless if Vanilla has 30-50 slots already cause vs ReREV1 you can sell what is lying around, combine addons and your most likely going to use the same gun for each person (Unless CAPCOM wants to be a jerk and Lock Weapons to people and then have you shell out Gold for removing it while losing 1 Level) also you'll sell weapons rather than store-Costumesare mostly pointless as the Vanilla are Better cause all your weapons show up in the holsters and on the back like how Story Mode has it, but they really should have done that better (You guys had 6 types of weapons, 2-4 types have similar shapes =Hand/Magnum & Assault/Shotgun, there are only 3 Assault Rifles and 5 Magnums in which 1 is longer version of another...this is why I say it didn't feel like No.2, but more so 1.5 to 1.85)-Claire's Rodeo outfitis Glitchy/insulting (Boobs Stutter) and pointless (No Holster Weapon...Revolver is Prop Gun), why No Revolver as Reward for Story Mode (If you can give us Removable Addons, why not the Revolver Model 329 and then have the Pale Rider as a pickup...or at least allow all the Raid Mode Weapons in the Story, but leave out the Addons for unlocking & Levels completely)- You don't get a Katana from Moira's Outfit (You have to earn the Katana)- Barry's Combat outfit is nothing special in design- Natella Outfit is cool, but I wish Lottie could be a weapon instead of Suit or at least give us what we see in bad ending CGI...no Spoilers HAHAHA (This why I hated CGI so much, there beautiful, but its not apart of the gameplay)Items, Outbreak, Puzzles & Inventory- Happy I refunded State of Decay, their inventory was horrible compared to REOutbreak 2 at least more people meant more stuff, but REV2 didn't make it stupidly difficult compared to Outbreak and SoD also Spoiler you can upgrade itI ran out of space (Error 15)...click comments for the rest (Important Info)"
76561198102804160,Recommended,287290,25047982,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ESSKEETIT,the protaginist is a hemisemiquadroteckliyoutrogilysexusally woman
76561198065612157,Recommended,287290,23882167,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,President Camacho,Does not run:Mac Machine with Windows 7 partitionProcessor:Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3210M CPU 2.50GHzRam:4.00 GB'Pretty sure I smell burning hair (or computer parts).'Sure it is a really cool game but it WILL NOT run on this type of setup.
,Recommended,287290,23603335,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,alexriceboyy,"I haven't played TOO much of the game but from what I've seen so far this is SO GOOD, maybe not true to the Resident Evil genre but I'm honestly in love with it and for 1.01 this game is a god damn steal. GET IT ASAP"
76561198146071099,Recommended,287290,18815691,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Icenrice,Episode 1 was intense! can't wait to play Episode 2. Try to play! you're surely hooked!
76561198178790666,Recommended,287290,18795889,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zanpakutō,"It is the best resident evil i have played,by far!!"
76561198087409629,Recommended,287290,18798720,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,puppyfatterer,NICE i r8 100/5055 XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,287290,18806754,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tkshield,the little girl is more useful than all the female characters in RE series combined10/10 would throw bricks at zombies again
76561198094775445,Recommended,287290,34705470,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,The game is cheap on sale for RE series (9/10)More bloods n dark atmosphereBut the game is too boring (5/10)(7/10) for this game
,Recommended,287290,15092309,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,✪Chaos_Ctrl,"10 Jill sandwiches out of 10, best game since RE4"
,Recommended,287290,15601738,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Najinful,"Have no clue about campaign, but raid mode is addictive 8/8"
,Not Recommended,287290,14644351,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MercuryZer0,Wow I thought demos were free. I hope they fix the framerate before the game offically launches in March. Until then I'll stick with 6 and Rev 1 and you should too. Main game for me is unplayable at this point. Wthout a live co op partner I dont see the point. My jaw dropped when my AI partner refused to arm herself with a gun.  Raid mode plays much better for some reason. Raid mode shows promise and if the frame rate was fixed will keep me playing. I tagged this game Beta and should too.
,Not Recommended,287290,14645025,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sandmans Slave,Bought it just to kill some time until Homeworld is ready...I can not even get it to start up.Throws me right back to the desktop.I just hear some ambience and that's it.Money well spent...until they release a patch...I hope that at least Homeworld will run smoothly when it unlocks in a few hours...
,Not Recommended,287290,14653470,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"This isn't worth your time.Seriously, beyond the whole controversy regarding the coop, the game is lackluster at best. Multiple graphic glitches, a coop play style that encourages boredom (I said it), and I crash every time I attempt raid mode. The original revelations was a step forward, this is 3 steps back."
,Not Recommended,287290,25077331,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,My Organs Are Cats,Co-op is offline only. Do not buy if you are planning on playing this with a friend online.
,Not Recommended,287290,18783528,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,I AKU!,"I enjoyed Rev 1, it was a good game and felt like a return to form for the series to me. 2 didn’t look very promising when I first saw it so I passed on it. Recently I got Episode 1 as a gift from the Humble Bundle. I actually enjoyed it for a while and I felt that the $20 for the rest of the season was worth the time I had already spent with it. Ultimately I got my money’s worth out of Raid Mode, but the campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥and why I can’t recommend it. My suspicions of the game being a mess due to ripping off disparate elements from other popular action horror games at the time (i.e. Last of Us, Evil Within) proved true as the campaign is just a mess and it’s unable to decide what it wants to be. Enemies are numerous and tend to keep respawning and ammo is scare but they are very few options to avoid enemies. There are tricks like how Moira can regen and Claire can melee enemies while she’s AI controlled so you can kill enemies without wasting ammo but they still love throwing damage-sponge enemies at you where that trick won’t be very effective. I just stopped at Episode 2 because it just became a slog. It’s good to see Claire and Barry back, but they can’t make up for the rest of the campaign.Raid Mode is fun, especially with a buddy, but it can be pretty grindy. As I said though, I enjoyed what I played of it.  It’s a shame that Capcom screwed this game up, because if they just improved on Rev 1’s formula without slapping together elements from other games it could have been real good."
,Recommended,287290,14904670,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,普通の日本人生徒✅,"Being a veteran of this series of games I can safely say: this is the best RE after RE 4. 5\6 and 1st revelations just a 3rd person shooter. In this game, great ambience, story and gameplay.I recommend it to all fans of this series."
76561198155545320,Not Recommended,287290,14657183,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ace,im really upset about this game. ive been a resident evil fan since Residen evil 2 we shouldnt have to be capcoms beta testers i expected a completed stable game why didnt they just wait until the game was in better condition before they released it. but im sure once they fix the framerate issues and implement a offline/online co-op mode it will be a decent game.but right now it is unacceptable
,Not Recommended,287290,19305576,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Whiskey,piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game....once u reach level 2 you are stuckbest money wasted thanks capcom :D
76561198087485657,Not Recommended,287290,14684565,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ferdiemisnadi,"good gameplay,,but,,VERY DISAPPOINTINGbecause no co-op campaign (online/offline/split screen) on PC versionwithout co-op campaign = WORSTif capcom release patch or enable CO-OP CAMPAIGN on PC version = EXCELLENT!!!"
76561198142224013,Not Recommended,287290,22328957,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ecimir,"Its a step in rght direction but it is still a bad resident evil game.Enemy AI is very bad. Graphics and level design look bad. There are again tons of annoying not scary enemies. You still have to waste a tons of ammo to progress some parts. I alson noticed the game is very glitchy.  Interaction with enemy is also scripted pretty bad. You sometimes get stucked or you cant avoid being hit. You get hit trough the walls, enemies are jumping in front of you, I seen warping enemies... really , really annoying and badly scripted game.I hope resident evil 2 remake wont dissapoint."
76561198092689986,Not Recommended,287290,14680687,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Magicwiccan,"No Co-Op keeps crashing even with graphics on low settings, every other game works fine on my laptop bar this. Requested refund, this is rediculous and false advertising!!!."
,Not Recommended,287290,14682739,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,burntorange1984,this game lagges to much for being a game on steam
,Not Recommended,287290,33095358,Posted: 1 July,all,kappie79,"Great game but a technical failureThis is a great Resident Evil game. Mechanics are good, story is interesting, locations are nice.Good length, multiple characters, a raid mode and the graphics are pretty damn decent for the budget.It's just an allround great game.Well that's not entirely true. There is one thing that really drags the whole thing down and that is the gigantic cluster ef of an engine 'powering' it all. It was already there in the first revelations but it's ten times worse in this one. Loading/streaming/whatever bug that strains your cpu for a minute or so during gameplay. Awesome!Lots of stuttering, judder and lag that sucks the enjoyment right out of the game. Capcom never fixed it and they never will. Sheer incompetence. Please don't give them your money."
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,287290,26702071,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,panther3007,"Great game, takes resident evil back to what we know and love.I can't recommend it as I thought I was purchasing the whole game on sale. Turns out it was just episode one. Three hours of gameplay and then they want $5 per episode for the rest of the story????Perfect example of marketing team ruining a game."
,Recommended,287290,23298968,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Doctor Futurity,"This is how the RE franchise should continue. Raid mode is also great in this edition, too."
,Recommended,287290,14646111,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,L!ght,"Graphic is pretty good, setting as Japanese voice and get more experience.I need razer light back, I do not need the crosshair.Zombies are creepies, So sad :("
76561198109769986,Not Recommended,287290,14672941,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,swaqqnugget,Co-op or not this just isnt that good of a game. If you have to have it wait for a sale because it feels slightly incomplete
,Not Recommended,287290,14672494,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Valorn,"The game has some major issues that make it unplayable for me.- Audio desynchronized during the first cinematic.- Framerate drops are common, even after lowering settings and setting a fixed rate.- Camera movement and aiming are very finicky, even at lowest sensitivity settings.- I was knocked off a ladder while well out of reach of any enemies.- The Co-op issue I wasn't even aware of until reading other reviews, but its lack of presence on the PC version is worth mentioning.All in all, I don't not recommend you purchase this game. At least until its updated to correct these issues."
76561197964499431,Not Recommended,287290,14722510,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Rabid Rabbit,The Good:Well for a start it's Resident Evil and comes with a much slower pace than the main series which obviously helps induce a few scares. The game will have you rationing and searching for ammo just like the old days.Raid mode is highly addictive and good fun to play. The addition of Raid mode really helps to add some extra life to this game and will ultimately add a huge amount of game time.The Bad:This is a pretty terrible port with massive drops in FPS. Out of my entire library this is by far the worst performing which is a real shame as it looks like the game could be really good fun. There's a lot of stuttering and general dips in performance.Update 3/02/15I'm not sure if an update has landed for this game but the performance seems vastly improved. I'm now at a stage where I can play this game without it slowing down to the pace of a shambling zombie!
,Not Recommended,287290,14676706,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,♦»NightHawk«♦,Dafuq i don't have episode 2 to 4 i alr prepurchase it (i got alr the bundle dlc but the campaign episodes no) da hell is this bug or some chiz.. weird it should've give me the campaign or is it dated like the walking dead telltale franchise?
76561198090863026,Not Recommended,287290,23882664,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BIG GUCCI SENPAI,no online co-op saved you the time
,Recommended,287290,24626767,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Barb Tarbox,yah this game is ♥♥♥♥innn  sickkk
76561198012046057,Not Recommended,287290,14680142,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,merlinfirelyte,"im running phenom2 6 core, Nvidia GT640, 8Gig Ram and still runs like shes carrying a sack of bricks round.Ok its not te most powerfull rig in the world but come on!"
76561198074732370,Recommended,287290,14644429,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Skirmish,"Very atmospheric installment of the RE series.Gameplay is satisfying as you constantly swap between Claire Redfield and Moira Burton: Claire gets the heavy weaponry, while Moira holds the torch. The torch is essential for locating pickups much like Jill's scanner in RE: R 1. But it's when Moira also gets the crowbar that the fun starts:Tip: When there are single enemies, choose Moira and use her torch to blind the creature. Claire eventually wades in automatically with her melee knocking him to the ground. Then smash him with Moira's crowbar - this saves on a lot of ammo.RE: R 2 isn't without its problems. Framerates can get horrendous during combat, especially with multiple enemies. But this should be sorted eventually with the inevitable patches. The graphics are ok and don't warrant the framerate drops, whilst the cut-scenes are quaintly old-school.Despite this, as an old-school Resi fan, I'm really enjoying the game so far, and can wholeheartedly recommend it to any fan of the genre. 8.5/10Edit:Ok, so we're the third episode in and, despite a couple of patches, the framerate for the single-player campaign is anywhere from fair to atrocious. I am able to run more demanding games than this, yet the stuttering, even in cut scenes, renders this game almost unplayable.It's a great shame as RE: R2 could be a fantastic return to form for the franchise, yet technical issues make this game not an enjoyable experience at all.Revised score: 5/10"
76561198092966750,Recommended,287290,14647847,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr.Sandman ^OvO^,"Since they've done a lot of updates and fixes, Optimization is better now. This brings back the horror feel, ever since RE 5 and 6. A little disappointed that there isn't a online co-op but it's still really fun, Scarier alone anyway. Raid mode is really good. From the time played, I've gotten intrigued by the story, I'm curious where this is all leading to. Has a lot of mystery behind it. Really should get back to playing this game. I've put it on hold for too long now."
,Recommended,287290,14647295,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TFlo,"really looks good but i can't get past the first 10 minutes of the game without lagging, crashing, or slowing down. I am a huge Resident Evil game fan so i really have high hopes for this game. just as soon as i can actually play it"
76561198026984916,Recommended,287290,24440310,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gary Hydra,A great game.
,Not Recommended,287290,22023951,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Oddbodd,The framerate is absolutely terrible. I have a really beefy PC and can easily play games at high quality with no issues so my setup isn't a problem. I get the same results when playing on the lowest possible settings.
,Not Recommended,287290,14676977,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,xPandaxDD,"I thought have co-op, but didntSteam better give me REFUND~!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14678136,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,dmcm,just bought the game today and its laging some much thats 39.99 gone down the drain
,Not Recommended,287290,14677527,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zato no Ichi,"They claimed this game had co-op and apparently it doesn't, basically false advertising. I bought this game because I wanted to play with a friend, and now I find out that I can't. Now I get to play with a dumb AI partner that keeps running into traps and killing herself."
76561198150796111,Not Recommended,287290,15892575,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,panksero™,"STEAM please do not advertise this game as a co-op game, when it actually is a LOCAL CO-OP.Me and my friend bought this game aiming to play the campaing together (given that here on steam says it a CO-OP game), and it turns out the campaing is only SP.GG 01/10"
76561198071849953,Not Recommended,287290,14746946,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Captain Hesperus [MEAT],"Wanted a co-op game, like RER.Didn't get it.Want my money back."
76561198028260544,Not Recommended,287290,14692045,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dooleyz,"I'm so disappointed in this game, we waited about a half year to get to play co-op with my friend, what happens?They didnt include any of it. Steam said it would have Co-Op, and thats the main reason we bought it.Second, played for about 20 mins from the start, what a piece of garbage this is! Graphics are just terrible, and very power hungry, also no support for Ultrawidescreen monitors. Resident Evil 6 looked much more better and had the support, why remove that kind of thing!Im so disappointed in Capcom right now, this was maybe the last product to buy from them."
76561198106018386,Recommended,287290,14847531,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Senpai,Well it has its moments
,Not Recommended,287290,14740427,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,vbullock25,"I wouldnt tell anyone to buy this game at all. Even if you have millions of dollars and just want to own everygame steam has, i wouldnt own this one. The graphics are ok, but the mechanics kinda suck but the worst part of the whole thing is theres only 3 hours of game time to the story mode, unless you count playing the game in all its difficulties, in which it might be 10. Then theres the raid mode and thats not worth the time. SO DONT GET THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,287290,14698583,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ramzao,So far in episode 1 the gameplay and atmosphere has been very fun! However the AI's still aren't too intelligent and without local or online co-op it's lessens the experince of the over all game. I am very confused as to why co-op wasn't really established in the game since Resident evil 5 was one of the best co-op games around! I feel like by adding that it would allow for this game to have a greater potential.  PS until co-op is patched or added my recommendation is going to be no.
,Not Recommended,287290,14689553,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rioku Panda,"I was able to get through the first episode, and based on the gameplay, I will recomend it plus the story has me hooked but the same as every othe review the frame rate kills the buzz and excitement I had. Only reason im not recomending is because its hard to enjoy this game when a sudden frame rate drop gets owned by a very scary creature. I do hope they do something about this, at first i thought my pc sucked till I read the other reviews. capcom if you ever and do read this and other reviews set by us your fans and people, PLEASE fix this. I beg of you. That is all"
,Recommended,287290,14876700,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,HidekiSou,Better than RE5 (y)
76561197990823267,Not Recommended,287290,14744051,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jan Michael Vincent,"Meet the requirements still the frames drop :/ Kinda dissapointed that this game is not playable, waste of money, would like a refund pls"
,Not Recommended,287290,14745553,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,negikogok,Playing a new chapter once a week for 4 weeks is like taking a single piece of crap for 4 times.And you have to pay for the pass for every single time.
76561198167221276,Not Recommended,287290,16280699,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MathisAl1990,Can I have my money back plz?
76561198157553647,Recommended,287290,23148546,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Goosebumps,Awesome game
,Recommended,287290,14652052,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"Yes and no. It's true, the Co-Op scam is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and i'm currently demanding capcom allow me to switch my copy from PC to PS4BUTthe game, in my opinion is great. It brings me back to the old days a bit. Like if they had used RE4 controls on an earlier Resi, that would be this. I only had a couple of framerate dips, nothing drastic, and everything played smoothly and looked great and was fun (on an Intel Core i3-4130/Nvidia Geforce GTX 750/Windows 7).Again, the co-op fiasco is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but if you only rock PC and you don't care about offline co-op, it's a great start to what looks like will be the best Resident Evil since 5."
76561198145008064,Recommended,287290,14653234,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,emailyourson,"Hrmm, Kind of fun, but wow, frame rates all over the place,  Charecter can do a 360 instantly when you are trying to get the to look a little left.  Machine pistol will go from magnum rate to super fast,  hard to target enemies when the area you are looking at is so unstable.  You have to take it in stride and do what you can.  I am running an Alienware 17, 1TB SSD and 512gbMSATA, 16GB DDR3 with Win7 ULT, with Nvidia 770m Fully up to date. loving the look of the different venues!  There is definitely a lot of RE goodness here, we just need to be able to see it without going into a light enduced eppileptic fit."
76561198026595540,Recommended,287290,14650347,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bzToastY,"Dear Capcom,I got to say, this game was beyond any of your other games that I have experienced. Sometimes the game goes so fast, it just goes all over the place. But that's okay, it goes really slow. It's like an unpredicatble person you could say.Overall: カプコン、愛ディックゲイブ·ニューウェル！P.S. Propane man is backP.S.S. I'M SORRY OKAY, JOHNNY BRAVO IS IN HERE TOO. DAMN YOU GUYS ARE SALTY.(J.k. they are dlc)"
76561197998783187,Recommended,287290,14651680,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,by_george341,"To start with I'm relatively new to the resident evil series, having only played 4-6 and, now, both Revelations.  I found both 4 and Revelations to be the most fun by far.Currently revelations 2 feels like a mix of RE4 and Revelations with a small bit of 5/6.  The basic controls are the same as revelations, but there is a true inventory system like the one in RE5.A feature that I am currently ambivalent towards is the partner swapping feature.  While the support character has useful abilities, they cannot use guns and as such their ability to fight is severely limited.  Additionally the hidden items in the area can only be seen at all with the support character.I did have framerate dips here and there, but nothing to bad.As for the co-op features, I didn't get the game for co-op, but fully understand the issues with no offline co-op on the PC version when it was advertised as having it.Currently I would recommend it if you are OK with the lack of co-op and enjoyed RE Revelations and RE4.Edit: As for the day one DLC, it's raid mod characters, costumes, and inventory slots.  If you REALLY need those extra inventory slots, then it's a microtransaction.  Personally I never even came close to running out of inventory slots in revelations 1, so there might be no issue here.Edit 2:  A couple of new things now that episode 2 is out.  It's telling me to purchase the next episode, despite my having bought the complete season.  So, that needs to be fixed ASAP or I'll be droping this to not recommended.Second, having played more raid mode I've noticed a lot more issues with frame rate drops in certain maps.  Particuarly defense and timed maps.  As for the new features and changes to raid mode, there don't seem to be any real hidden things in the maps (or at least I havn't found them) like the BSAA medallions in revelations 1 raid mode.  Additionally there are basically 3-4 ammo boxes in each map, and at most 3 weapon or part boxes.The combining weapon mods to level them up is a feature I like, since it does make it far easier to get  better mods that you want, and I feel that the mods being locked to the weapon they're installed on until you either destroy a part to free a slot or destroy the weapon to free the parts makes it a bit more challenging to decide on a loadout.The character options also allow for much more customization, similar to the RE6 skill loadouts.  Each character has a different set of skills, which are unlocked as that character levels up.   You use skill points to upgrade the skills that you want, to match your playstyle.  This includes the secondary grenades, which are limited use per mission skills."
,Recommended,287290,14670200,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jollins,"Well what can i say. Resident evil revelations 2 part 1 was a little gem. The extremely well though out environment and new enemies really felt like a lot of work has been put into this game. The two person game mechanics worked really well as you didnt need to constantly switch between characters but instead providing you with incentive by giving perks for doing so.The serious lack of ammo really made me feel frightened at times and i had to on many occations resort to using the old knife and dodge techinque which actually worked well.The space is smaller and instead of large maps with bland halls, we instead got tight spaces with well though out environments.I cant wait to start the next chapter and i would say that so far, revelations 2 holds a slight lead on revelations 1.Overall i would rate the game a solid 8/10My machine did struggle at times and there were a few instances where it wasn't clear what i was supposed to do next."
,Recommended,287290,14651341,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sourphil,so far i am really enjoying this game. i like that there are no more super pockets and the re:zero like character swaping is fun. i dont really play alot of co-op while im sure it would be nice it isn't a game breaker for me.  I have not experienced any of the issues that others have as far as the frame rates go. playing at 3840x2160 DSR all other settings at max and i get anywhere from 84 to 120 fps.
76561198056186683,Recommended,287290,14652584,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,"My review of the first Revelations can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/222480The serious performance issues mentioned by others in older reviews have been dealt with although thats not to say minor niggles don't remain. Negative reviews were and very well may still be just. Features that were in the console version were only added after MASSIVE player outrage and review bombing hit the game. Not to mention that before the patches the unimpressive graphics didn't run properly which made them looking shoddy worse where as now it at least makes up for it's ugliness with performance. With that out of the way Revelations 2 is an addictive well designed and very replayable game that was constantly being patched and updated with free DLC for Raid mode (Which is honestly an excellent game even if it were by it's self.).The atmosphere could be great at times and the game expands greatly upon the originals design (key word design) with memorable boss fights and locations although it never once tops the ship location. It's a shame that the graphical fidelity is not up to par with the decent level and art design (Some creatures are really generic looking.). While the textures are generally better than RE6's that really doesn't say much as RE6 wasn't much of a looker either. While shadows are better than they were in RE6 (No longer blotchy and  pixelated.) the general lighting falls flat particularly when playing on a stage ported from RE6 in Raid mode. RE6 had large flat, ugly environments so the tradeoff in RER2 is the the environments are smaller and more densly detailed. It's got a bit of an ugly duckling thing going on but it doesn't make me sick looking it.In short, a decent sequel with great moments that make it worth the price of admission and that doesn't just rehash the first game but rather improves upon certain aspects of it and tries new things that work for the most part in addition to bringing back elements from Resident Evil Zero, Nemesis and Code Veronica to name a few. Personally, It's not as replayable as the first but there's certainly been worse. You also don't need to wait for the AI to touch a door to open it any more and when they do lag behind they only need to be within a certain radius for it to be opened. One thing that's a little worse then Revelations is the fact that I can't think of a single moment in the core game where it let's you explore an area alone whilst an AI waits for you or takes an alternate route. There ALWAYS being a buddy nearby AND you need to take care of them unlike the first Revelations where their survival was their own problem.My biggest gripe is something thats no surprise to anyone that has played Resident Evil. And thats the story. The scenarios like a zombie infested mansion, city, rural town or cruise ship have always been interesting but the stories that take place in them are usually messy at best or trite at worst. As is the usual the story both annoys you and doesn't surprise you all whilst trying to be Metal Gear in terms of preachiness but being without any substance or awareness of it's unironically convoluted nature. The quality of the writing, dialogue and characterization are also at an all time low with Barry ""Ho my Cawd"" Burtons daughter Moira attempting to mimic his accidental legendary memetic quality with constant attempts to reach his level of ludicrous lines failing. They are forced and unfunny where as Barrys were unintentionally funny.Making a useless character who swears and complains a lot is waste. Not to mention Moira's a very one note character who's only personality trait other than swearing is complaining about Barry. The rest of the cast is alright. Call me biased but the best character and parts of the game involve you playing as a more Liam Neeson esque Barry Burton which is surprisingly awesome. You'll find yourself exploring the aftermath of Claires carnage while on the hunt for his daugter and that can make for tense stuff crappy crate puzzle aside.I think I'm getting of track. I definitley reccomend it and mechanically it's leagues above the first but the setting isn't quite as good as the first Revelations and it doesn't do much more than that. For the price it's a good buy and with all the chapters it's pretty solid. The Raid mode is the real selling point.My review of Resident Evil 5 (The product as a whole) can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/21690Here's my review of Resident Evil 4.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/21690My review for Resident Evil 6 can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/221040"
,Recommended,287290,14663027,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cloudero,"The PC port performs poorly with framerate issues. The gameplay is not bad and the story is so far interesting. The new Claire simply looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't give me that ""she is more mature now"" Capcom. A beautiful young lady don't turn into♥♥♥♥♥♥when she gets more mature. Barry's daughter is annoying as hell which makes Natalia the most loveable character in the game so far. I did not pay too much attention to the pc co-op controversy, but no one should believe Capcom's apology because we all know they just want your damn cash."
76561198006483209,Not Recommended,287290,16539193,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chimpo / Chimpo#1956,NO ONLINE CO OP FOR CAMPAIGN!Ok so i bought two copies of this so i could play it co op on two PCs. You can't. Other than the RAID mode it only supports local co op. So we have to spit the single screen. And it was pointless buying two copies.As this game seems to focus entirely on co-op play and i very suprised and disgusted.couch co op is great for consoles but not so much for PC. Even a console user must want to play with freinds online though!How could they release a co op based game with no co op?Don't buy this unless you want to split screen play. So i'd recommend you buy it on console.
76561198171520186,Not Recommended,287290,16070949,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Raku Nana,"It's actually playable now, And to think I just had to wait 4 months after I bought it before I could play it. Stupid me.  I'm not changing my review from bad to good. It should have been playable out the gate Capcom. In all honesty I'd give this game a glowing recommendation had it been functional at release. It's actually better than RE: Revelations 1. But I can't condone shoving out an unfinished product even if the problems are fixed now. For those of you who are interested in playing this game, now is a good time to do so. They have fixed most of their bugs since release. And it seems like it's stable. However know that this game was utterly broken at release. which is why I gave it a thumbs down. Follow suit Capcom fanboys I know this review will get thumbs down like crazy."
76561198040719395,Not Recommended,287290,15451356,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,-(ind)-Wamphyri,"Absolute crap conversion to PC. Complete waste of money. The devs have not thought out PC controls one iota. They have stuck with controller settings for console and added a few tweaks. If you are considering buying this game, buy it for console, after all that was it's origin."
76561198100680476,Not Recommended,287290,24148636,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ThatFalloutGirl,"While I like this game, when I bought it, I thought I would get the whole game. That, however, is not the case, as you only get the first episode. The other episodes are part of the game, but yet you have to buy them as DLC. I have bought this game for Xbox 360 and got the whole game, including the other episodes. This did not say it was only episode one."
,Recommended,287290,14672211,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,XDeathxReconX,"Lets get a couple things straight. This is a good game, i'm enjoying it more than RE6. Definately worth the money.First things first, Splitscreen coop, guys, this is PC how often do you all REALLY play local coop on your computers? Let alone a RE game? Remember all of us used to ♥♥♥♥♥ about RE being coop with partners? And now all you want is coop. Yes it was misleading but it's still a good game solo, the way RE is meant to be. Online coop would be nice but don't let no coop stop you from playing this, it didn't stop you from playing RE4 I bet.Second, DLC. For those of you who know capcom, this game has microtransactions and other minor DLC. Lots of you complained without thinking saying they cut things out of the game to sell seperately. This game is only $25, it comes with the maps and characters and all episodes for $40, Revalations 1 is $50... the dlc that isn't included isn't necessary, storage space, currency and weapons. All not needed and the guns can be bought in game with in game money. No one is being ripped of here... yet. So DLC is fine. They pulled things out to make the base game cheaper, you want more then pay for the full game at $40. All they did is give you options to pay less for the game if you don't want those extra things, that's pretty cool.Third, Optimization. The game runs decent, it's very playable. The game was clearly made to run at 60. Dark Souls had problems forced past 30fps. Until patches come though to optimize the frame dips and stutters here's all you have to do to play it smooth as butter. Turn Vsync on and turn framerate to 60. Variable is what makes the character stutter and Vsync off will make the framerate drop occassionally. Change those two options for now and it's highly playable at a slight trade off of responsiveness.My only complaint with this game is the Online Raid matchmaking is delayed until around the time the final episode releases about a month from now, that is going to hurt Raid as it sucks only playing solo.Is this game worth the $25 price? So far yes, the game looks to be picking up speed and I like where the campaign is headed. Raid is fun and the first episode took me 2 1/2 hours on survival. If you want a taste, do what I did and buy the first episode, totally worth $6 as a RE fan."
76561197974049809,Recommended,287290,14754399,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Leon.BackGD,"现在优化问题已经解决了，还不来买买买←_←附加的两个章节简直好评←_←不过第四章相对前三章来说有些奇特……（CM线打酱油；而BN线有的每个场景战斗都略显繁琐，当然偶尔烦琐一下不要紧，但是你每场都那么繁琐就有些累了Orz……总体上六个章节串联到一起以后剧情还是蛮赞的，虽然还没有到剧情神作的地步，但也不会让你感到无聊 =。= （虽然第三章结束第四章初期我一度被引导地脑洞大开 = = 最后证实是自己想多了233——————————————————————————————————————发觉自己之前卡得不能自理的原因是N卡的程序不认识启示录2需要手动设置 = = 设置好就不卡了……这下二逼得有点过了……于是回来重新写评论……而且之前那篇百感交集实在太混乱了233如果觉得太长 =。= 那么可以拉到最后看总结233首先，优化的问题的确是存在的，表现于某些时候突然的瞬间顿卡，就是那种突然画面定格然后半秒/一秒后全局瞬移……不过数量不多，可以接受；相比于光影，雾气/颗粒等效果对于帧数的影响要更为明显（比如突击模式里6代雪地那张图）游戏目前打了两章（目前也就两章Orz）Ep1的流程比较短，相比较而言Ep2感觉上要长不少；不过从两个章节的流程上来看，克莱尔阿姨这边在游戏性和多样性上都要略逊于巴瑞大叔那边，至少我是这么感觉的——主要原因有二：C&M线的流程变化不够，有点大同小异的感觉，而B&N线这边，敌人变化多不说，娜塔莉这个角色用法上的设定也增加了B&N线的趣味，相比之下那边黑丝妹就有些鸡肋了 = =总体来说，两条线是两种风格较为不同的玩法，C&M那边比较紧张（剧情主要是逃亡与探究，动不动就是守卫战和逃亡桥段），而B&N线那边比较有趣（以追寻C&M线的轨迹为主，场景/敌人设定多变，两位主角能力各异且契合度很高）这次启示录2有一个优点，恰恰是拜章节式所赐，两条线交叉进行，虽然C&M线多样性比较差，但是和B&N线穿插在一起，节奏上的感觉还是不错的，不像6代4个主线如果选一个一路到底多少会有些审美疲劳。整体系统，与1代相比，武器与插件系统没有什么实质变化；主要变化在于 1）角色特长：每个角色能干的事情不一样，主要是为双角色服务，体现角色区分度，并且增加合作的必要性（然后卡婊华丽丽地COOP跳票也是醉了……），其中道具搜索也改进了，不是用探测器，而是靠特定角色的能力（和探测器一样，一开始很新鲜，后来就越来越烦了……）　２）角色技能通过评分所得ＢＰ来解锁技能……我不太喜欢在一个所谓的恐怖生存游戏中看到这种设定……不过有就有呗，技能大体上和图集模式中的差不多　３）潜行／暗杀 并不是大多数场景都能依靠潜行灭敌（拜娜塔莉所赐，B&N线机会很多……），不过这个也的确为某些场景提供了另一种选择（不过说实话，多少给人那么些跟风的感觉 ←_← 不过吧6代就已经有类似系统了，突击模式这次搞得有些复杂，角色等级分开算，还有每日任务刷，每个人都有自己的技能池来组合……实际上氪金的存在，完全不影响你好好刷突击←_←玩极限的还是玩极限，搞TA的还是搞TA，研究组合的依然研究组合……卡婊就是想赚一点脑门发热的玩家的钱而已←_←不过说实话你已经卖出那么多DLC的还要氪金的确有些那啥……不得不说学样学得还真快……虽然不影响我们玩游戏但是印象分会大打折扣←_←（话说拜这次优化所赐，突击模式有两张掉帧神图←_←6代武器店和6代雪地，配置将将达标的筒子遇到这两张图绝对会哭的……剧情目前不好说……之前也提过了，C&M线逃啊逃，顺带在顺藤摸瓜；B&N线追寻C&M轨迹。至于这剧情到底好不好，我觉得挺好，虽然还没大量的悬疑来扣住我的心悬，也没有神展开，也没有史诗般地叙事（……），启示录2的故事我感觉，大体上更像是在服务游戏性，配合着游戏场景的切换、玩法的变化……话说这次“Evil is Watching”这个主题我觉得选得不好，虽然把也算是适时地点了题 = = 我玩了两章以后倒是觉得那句“Fear what you will become, and become what you fear”倒是意外地带感……反正不管哪一个本身都与游戏流程、系统设定没有关系 = =最后总结下吧：+游戏节奏掌控地很不错，另外B&N线趣味性十足+相对于1代在系统上做了一定地升级和扩成，让玩家除了武器以外在其他方面也有了一定的选择+打击感虽然不及正传5、6，不过相比于1代已经有了质的飞跃+升级后的突击模式，与剧情那边相似，在角色定制方面增加了一定的自由度-优化不完善，在CPU和显卡方面的要求并不如将配置要求中所写的那么友好-故事被章节式的发售形式切割成4块，但是剧情推进略缓慢-DLC卖成这样还氪金，卡婊你快醒醒！"
,Recommended,287290,14799781,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,That Guy From That Place,"I've only played the first episode but Barry's section is the clear highlight so far - surprisingly more 'stealth', creepier enemies and better areas. I'll hold off making final judgement on the story mode until all the episodes are out though.Raid Mode takes everything from Rev1 and adds more Mercenaries style gameplay into the mix. For people that don't know what it's like, you basically go through a map from A to B, killing enemies, racking up points, unlocking weapons and skills in an RPG style progression (experience and cash from multiple runs). It's a hell of a lot of fun.I don't know what to think of the maps in Raid Mode so far. I get that this was a budget title for Capcom and that reused assets would be a given, but the entire first Gauntlet (i.e. set of maps) are ripped straight from the Resident Evil 6 campaigns. On the one hand, they're not new and it can come off as a bit lazy. On the other hand, these aren't maps that were used in RE6's Mercenaries and so they're still fresh, especially for people that haven't played RE6 in the first place.It's definitely worth a buy, at least the first episode (once you get to Barry's section, about an hour in - the whole episode is only two hours in story mode - it picks up a lot and becomes a lot of fun, especially in co-op)."
,Recommended,287290,14848211,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kyrandis,"March 19, 2015So far I've clocked 80+ hours on this in campaign & raid mode. So it's definitely worth it and I highly recommend it to any resident evil fan. It's got all the nostalgia, some corny lines, a virus, gross stuff, jump scare, tight corridors, and no bad camera angles thank god. Invisible mode is pretty horrible to play through but highly challenging. Also depicts references to other Resident Evils including the very first one..... and most of all Barry makes a return since.. RE, the very first one. Oh and different endings!Also performance and technical issues described below are now much much improved and is more stable.March 12I like the dodge system in that you actually shouldn't dodge/evade your body into a weapon because you think it'll provide i-frames. So yea... do watch where the weapon is coming from which direction and where you want to move away from.The past&future system is very nice I like how choices you make during the past significantly affect the future character's campaign and that the future character isn't exactly following a same recycled map either with large deviations after running through partially the same map the past character went through.Problems are there aren't any online co-op until the game is fully released sadly... so for those of us who purchased it early we gotta wait 4 weeks, anyone buying it after the Mar.17th /2015 you should have co-op available or the game really done-fkedup. Other problems that people with weaker computer specs might experience a lot of technical difficulties or technical griefing(e.g. fps dropping to atrocious levels where the game is unplayable, during certain game modes like invisible mode monsters appearing/reappearing cause horrible frame lag for unknown reasons, a lot of end-user made fixes not developer made fixes to work around THEIR problems...)Aside from that I think it's a good resident evil game, although the partner thing that has occurred in the previous sequels and this most recent title really doesn't help instil horror. Though tight corridors and strange looking freaks will sort of tense you up for the first bit. But once you're used to it the fear dissipates quick.Playing single player in this game controlling two characters I find is also very smooth, was skeptical at first and thought it would be extremely clunky but the switching between characters is so quick you can practically use both of them in combat to ground stab a guy on the floor at the same timeFor the price it's not bad, I definitely wouldnt've paid 59.99(like RE6) for it but for 24.90 on the full story campaign it's not bad. It's more action packed than walking dead where your choices do reflect the future in some ways(weapons, secrets etc.). There's a lot of challenges in the game and a lot of bonus objective things to do if you're into that kind of thing; they call it achievement whoring.If you have Raid Mode you'll be spending a lot more time in there than in the campaign after you're done the story."
76561198016262333,Recommended,287290,14846234,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ducktape,very much like the new style RE gameplay and stealth great campaignjust takes some getting use to
,Recommended,287290,14861652,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Arnn The Frost Demon,"I was kinda afraid to regret buying this game, surprisingly i didn't, jokes on them. The game is Not that bad, unlike the rest of this generation's RE games, action and horror in this game is Balanced. NO you dont pull out an RPG out of your♥♥♥♥♥to kill everything like in RE5, ♥♥♥♥ you Chris.Episode 01 was 3 hours with a non-stop walkthrough, thats good actually. Four Episode = 12 hours Gameplay for let's see ... 5 Dollars Each Episode? aren't a bad deal with me."
,Recommended,287290,14888122,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Baddy,U can play as wesker or hunk and make him do girly posesgay wesker x gay hunk co-op / 10
76561198030384462,Recommended,287290,14710600,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Sinias,"---This is my point of view for Resident Evil Revelations 2, opinions may differ.---As a Resident Evil fan, i felt like i had to buy this game (i liked Revelations 1 so why not) and as far as the campaign goes: I'm not disappointed!Gameplay and FeelIt's basically Revelations 1 with better graphics and a lot more atmosphere. Having the option to switch between characters, enabling you to use their unique perks for strategic gameplay (Natalia op as fk), is actually kinda refreshing.A big plus is the atmosphere: Very darkish and eerie, felt really great for me. It's not scary per se, but does a great job to make you think there is something around the corner most of the time. Soundwise, the guns seem a little weird, but that's bearable and overall, it's nice and moody. The second type of enemys in Barrys part of the first episode are basically a certain RE4 enemy reborn with a different style to kill them, not too easy unless you use Natalia and your brain, but a nice touch to it.One thing i didn't understood though was, why Barry referred to the enemys as Uroboros. Those were normal Zombies  at firstwith the exception of the reborn Regeneratorshe was fighting and not humans that got something implantedTechnical StuffStable FPS (minor drops when tabbing back in, as usual) through most parts of the game with a middle class rig (CPU: AMD Athlon II X4 750k Quad Core | GPU: R9 280 Gaming 3g | RAM: 8GB), Controller capable (though i prefer Mouse and Keyboard), generally no problems whatsoever. Minor throwdown is the lack of Co-Op, but i believe that will be fixxed sooner or later and i would be okay with it even if they don't fix it.Pros and ConsProsAtmosphereBarryEnemy DesignNice CliffhangerConsLack of Co-OpNo Jill SandwichShort Episode 1Re-CapLooking forward to the next episodes, enjoyed the time i spent playing and i'm going to try the raid mode asap, i will be editing my review as soon as i did. Would be great if the story continues like this with, hopefully, a nice plot twist at the end, but i would recommend getting a somewhat good rig (at least as ""poweful"" as mine)."
,Recommended,287290,28699724,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mizari,Best!!
76561197970701643,Recommended,287290,16260612,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Re-review (Ignoring DC)Pros -1. Great to see Barry back, the little girl he is partnered with is a great new character.The two characters work well together, a kind old man and a baby faced girl. Compared to Clair with her terrible romance plotline, and Moira complaining constantly, these two characters are a joy to be around and probably the best characters and interaction the franchise has seen.There levels themselves, particularly in the fourth chapter, are far superior.2. Runs wellOn a mid end Machine this runs a silky smooth 60fps for me while also looking decent.3. Fairly long gameDepending how you play, if you play easy or normal you will shoot through it. On survival (recommended) it is a much longer, more meaningful and enjoyable game that involves concerning ammo and thinking now and again exactly how to approach situations.Ignoring raid mod, the single player can run 20+ hours, higher with replay's as the game features various mods and collectibles.4. High replability (skills/collectibles)Upon finishing the game, mods such as invisible enemies, time challenge as well as a bunch of unlocks can be done, extended the game length a fair bit.Cons1. Checkpoint system designed by man with brain damageYou know those upgrade benches in Dead Space? Imagine it saved, just before you collected an upgrade 5 feet away, just before you actually added and modified upgrades. Imagine a cutscene two seconds afterwards, that needs tapped over as well.Imagine that over and over and over and over, because someone didn't have the common sense to put the checkpoint  afterwards.Possibly the most badly designed checkpoint system ever implemented, it's that bad.2. Odd difficulty spikesOn survival is decent, but not impossible. Yet it seems to randomly jump from easy, to a very hard with no sense of flow. Some bosses (drill) are outright broken.3. A bad storyFeels almost non existent for most ofthe game. Some characters are basically ""fill space here"".4. Partner AI is stupidAt time the player will be required to dodge or move, while you do it, the AI will quite happily stand there regardless of using the ""follow me command"". The exploding zombies are by far the worst problem.Overall: I prefer the first Revelations, it had a more interesting setting, was better designed and although stupid, had enough story to keep me engaged.  This isn't a bad game by any means, it's actually one of the better entries in recent years. But, problems exist, be aware of that, esp if you plan on playing survival mode. It probably would have ended up a better game if it was purely Barry and Natalie, as these are the overwelmingly the single players strong points.For me personally, the checkpoint system is by far the most infuriating, even on the most basic level, did not a single person developing the game say ""this doesn't make much sense?. Apparently not."
76561198142799112,Recommended,287290,17349253,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,(ZAMM) alreadydead,"A very good game the story line is also very good and keeps you wanting to find out more. i did not like the fact you had to buy each chapter by themselves i would have rather just bought the whole game. Other than that its pretty much perfect, raid mode is great and theres tons of weapons and there are very few who will play with you unless you are lvl 100 which is pretty nice. story does leave a few questions but the extra chapters should help a bit. Its a step in the right direction for RE, looking forward to a new game by them and not just remakes"
76561198091054445,Recommended,287290,14773382,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Blakkheim,"This game is phenomenal. If you really enjoyed RE4 then picture that except with horror. It's a perfect ""RE4"" kinda Resident Evil game. I recommend it big time."
,Recommended,287290,14751740,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Big Boss,"great game all ready bought it for ps4 only bought it on PC so i can play with friends i know there is no co op at the moment but this game is really good love resident evil, also YOU DONT HAVE TO BUY Crystals anyway good game graphics are not 2015 graphics way better games that look better,wish the episodes was release all at once but just have to wait"
76561198040770306,Not Recommended,287290,15323686,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lynx,"Invisible enemy, insta-kill boss, stalk enemies and perform a script-event kill. Nothing really new in nowadays survival horror."
76561198104345568,Recommended,287290,14964228,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,CGN Dante,"Game is amazing, only problem is when i look at fire in the game computer has a heart attack i know its not my rig."
76561198094053321,Recommended,287290,14967074,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Boszx Mapagmahal,Now i can play without  framerate drops and stuttering . Wellplayed !
76561198057745441,Recommended,287290,14965438,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DustyMech,Best recent Resident Evil game. This is the game we've been waiting for.Btw performance is fixed after the last patch. Game is now 10/10
,Recommended,287290,14945214,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,purgatori.sakkara,"The negative reviews for this game are, for the most part, absurd, and are nothing more than an uninformed reaction to Capcom's chosen method of distribution for the game in question. And while the virtues or otherwise of episodic games might well be debated, they do not in any way impact upon what is probably the best entry in the Resident Evil series since Resident Evil 2. The combat is fluid, and rewards tactical thinking, the levels are well-designed and ripe for exploration, and Raid Mode achieves an RPG-like level of depth. Most of all it's fun, and about as scary as any Resident Evil Game has ever been (which in my book is, ""not very""), so if you're considering picking it up, don't listen to the luddites and belly-achers."
,Recommended,287290,14968337,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,vishuspuss,Great game for $25.
,Not Recommended,287290,19526429,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ツ 𝓖𝓱𝓸𝓼𝓽,Not worth the little money thats spended either way. When ever i play it it contantly freezes. .-.
76561198016020556,Not Recommended,287290,19536555,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,vtnr,Does not work. Can't even make past first video. Then black screen forever.
,Recommended,287290,22158471,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Good Loki ˊ●ω●ˋ,i like this game :'3
76561198013649032,Not Recommended,287290,23686140,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TOTORO,Fatal error on launch and critical FPS drops.
,Not Recommended,287290,19394527,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pufonel,"Intel Core 2 Duo E4400 @ 2Ghz, 4 GB of RAM, 1 GB of RAM @ Nvidia GeForce 430 GT, can play this with low settings @ 1920 x 1080 . Glitches occur at this point so the minimum system requirements MUST be meet, or otherwise when the action gets hot, one might find it self dead after a glitch.Lower resolutions have issues, they don`t strech well on my device.Raid Mode in co-op is not active (dead?), but still for a game at 0,95 euros, on Steam exploration sale is not much of a loss, otherwise its a waste of money (yeah 6 euros is too much for single player mode and repetitive solo online missions)Changed to not recommended after seeing the original price and because the game only runs at 1920 x 1080."
,Recommended,287290,14671118,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dig Bick Bazuso,Was almost a Claire sandwich. 10/10
,Recommended,287290,14676535,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snippets,"I finished the campaign and I played mercenaries as well. The story, gameplay and atmosphere were good  and I really enjoyed playing this game. We made it back to horror, yeay! Somehow the story is kinda weird but pretty interesting. Episodic game still sucks tho.Anway RER2 is a good game and I recommend you to buy it if you're a Resident Evil fan.8/10"
76561198097791710,Recommended,287290,14687114,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Beginner,재밌습니다. Good~!무엇보다 한글화가 아주 마음에 들었습니다. ㅎ앞으로도 한글로 시리즈가 계속 발매 되면 좋겠네요. ㅎㅎ
,Recommended,287290,14887479,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,"Main story is very intriguing so far. Very curious to see how episode 4 will conclude the game. Raid mode is very very customisable, which is probably the best fun I've had since RE6."
76561197970591881,Recommended,287290,14654216,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Spiele mit Lenkrad,"Came in expecting nothing, got a nice cowgirl outfit out of it.Also game is pretty fun so far and pretty atmospheric."
,Recommended,287290,14654455,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Capitan Bananaranger,"Nice and interesting RE game, really like how story started and going. My fps only droped twice through out the whole game (graphics isnt the greatest, looks like somewhere near RE6) so it only droped in places where i found really intensive light. AI isnt as frustrating as in previous RE games, took me like 3 hours on first atempte to finish whole game.If you dont care about coop and care more about not bad storyline definetly grab this game."
,Recommended,287290,14669954,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,schrodinger4126,"I wouldnt recommend this game to a non resident evil fan if you are a fan of the franchise you will get passed those few seconds of stuttering that happen when you retry after dying, those sometimes goofy animations, and specially the lack of local multiplayer, talking about multiplayer those complaining about the multiplayer are the same guys that complain about the franchise becoming call of duty get your stuff together and think you want a survival horror game or a beat em up coop (this game takes the franchise a few steps back to its original path yes characters can melee but not like in RE6, the game has a dark atmosphere that makes you feel like you are playing a silent hill style game with a bit more action of course) so in short yes the game has animation issues, some stuttering sometimes and no it doesnt have the fps drops some report , first they complained abour RE6 being action coop game and now they complain about the game not being an action coop, so if you are a true RE fan you will love the game im liking it a lot lot lot lot more than RE6 so far. recommended for RE fans and not recommended for carlos duty fans"
76561198003888207,Recommended,287290,14664821,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"I recommend this game solely for single-player story and Raid mode. Outside of those two things, the glaring issues are the lack of co-op. I mean lack, like no split screen and no online play. As far as I know, the online will be released soon, possibly because Capcom is setting up servers or a feeling of obligation to not have a riot on their hands. I have no idea, but Capcom had no intention of giving local split-screen to the PC. Capcom isn't saying why, but I guess it is something involving the engine and handling keyboard/mouse with a controller, I don't know, I'm spitballing things at this point.Something to remember is this, Capcom makes good games. But, you always need to wait and say ""Ok, now what'll happen when I do get this/what'll the wait time be until this game is optimal?"" I bought this game with the promise of local split-screen and online play, but the latter will be a free update soon. So, already I was dooped out of $40 for the ""all encompassing"" version of this game. Wesker and HUNK are good DLC characters, but that doesn't justify the serious lack of features at the moment.The story is engaging, for the most part, and will conclude in about a month. So, I dunno what to tell you. Wait until then to see if this nonsense is settled such as the stuttering animations (seriously? what's going on with that?), or buy it now but prepare to play Raid mode alone for a bit."
,Recommended,287290,14654571,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ixia,"Update 3/19/151. Capcom fully patched the frame rate issue this time. Shout outs to them. Game runs smooth for me.2.Moira actually grew on me, she went from fairly annoying to having some of my favorite lines in the game.3. The story was fantastic. Loved it. Raid mode still fun solo, Game is still a 7/10.Update 3/2/15:1. Capcom came through with a patch to remedy the frame rate drops making them incredibly rare, though they still happen when I pan or rotate the camera too fast. My laptop isn't that powerful so that could be why I still see them.2.Finished Episode 1! Barry and Natalia are an amazing pair. The father-daughter thing works well for them. Of course Natalia still freaks me out when I spin the camera around and she's just standing there staring at Barry.3. If you're like me. impatient, the episodic structure may not be for you. There are a lot of things to do even with 1 episode out (at the time of writing) Waiting for the full game release 3/17 might be your best choice if episodic isn't your style!4. With the patch and having experienced more of the story I can definitely recommend this game as stated I now score it at a 7/10 even without the full game being out yet.Will continue to update throughout the release schedule!Original 2/25/15:Writting this from MY experience so far! Score: 6.5/10 will probably go up to about a 7  when fully released and patched.I'm only giving this a thumbs up because there isn't an in-between rating. I recommend waiting until Capcom releases a fix before buying! Once they fix these things I would definitely recommend it.RE Revelations 2 as the potenial to be an amazing title, however there are glaring problems:1. Frame Rate drops, like most reviews before mine I have experienced drops and freezes. I managed to make them less frequent by lowering my settings a bit, but they are still incredibly noticable. ***Patched***2. Co-op functionality, while I personally don't play Resident Evil as a co-op game anyway, we were promised co-op for this version of the game and I expected the option to be available as most others did.***There's a local co-op mod being released/worked on if it's that serious??***3. Window settings, there doesn't seem to be a Fullscreen (windowed) option and the Windowed view made the game sluggish. ***No lionger an issue.***While these things take a fair amount out of the submersion of the game, they don't make it unplayable.Some positive notes:1. Atmosphere, I'm not too far into Episode 1 but I personally think the Horror aspect is definitely there within the prison setting so far. Had a few jump scares even when I knew that something was going to jump out.2. Raid Mode, From what I've seen some people experienced crashes here, I however didn't. Incredibly fun mode even solo. I actually think it's more fun/challenging this way.3. Characters, So far, I think the characters are enjoyable. Claire and Moira have a unique chemistry. Although I don't care for Moira's speech patterns, but she's a teenage girl I didn't expect much. See ""Ohmigod""4. Story, Not much to say here. It's dark, mysterious, and fairly interesting."
76561198122516188,Recommended,287290,26047598,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ultra,"I would recommend this game if you love survival horror. In this new game you will find a brand new story however it dose not continue from resident evil 1 but in the game there is new zombies,guns,survival and a back story about new characters."
,Recommended,287290,25381212,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Angeline Gabriella,I like this game because I like horor/survival horor/action horor
,Recommended,287290,14665641,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JJBINXD,"It's early to make a decision but for the first episode i can tell this game has potential. But of course it's not like old Resident Evil games yet, and it's not perfect.Let's start with bad sides of the game. At first, this game DOESN'T have co-op scenario! It's not a big problem for me cause i love the times game leaves me all alone but for those wants to play with a friend, it's a stupid thing. Also it's obviously a console port and this causes bad performance and framedrops sometimes. And last thing, the game has puzzles like find the key, turn on the power and go to the next area. They're so easy and won't put you in stress. I would prefer harder puzzles like puzzles of Silent Hills.And now you're reading good sides. Both of the Claire and Barry scenarios stays away from stupid Hollywood action. Action scenes of RE6 makes me sick because... B.O.W.s with motorcycle? F... OFF!!! Revelations 2 feels more like a Survival/Horror game and that makes me say ""Yeah Capcom done right this time."". Other good thing about it, it gives you limited ammo and herb also enemies are fast and hard to kill. If you're gonna fight with them, you'd better think twice. I wasn't expecting creativity and i was right about it. Most of the mechanics taken from the first Revelations and other successful horror franchises. For example, flashlight mechanics taken from Alan Wake or stealth mechanics taken from The Evil Within. You will get it if you played those games. But these taken mechanics really improved the gameplay and controls are much more better than other Resident Evil games. Also i liked the atmosphere. Rusty and dark places, enemies, music and sounds, conversations and cutscenes gives you the tension of the game. Moira swears a lot... But she's a teenager after all and if someone put me in a situation like this i would have swear more then Moira. Scenario looks nice but i can't make final decision until the last episode. Last thing, Claire sandwich part really made me laugh (Did Barry tell everyone about it?) :)Like i said it's still early to make a decision but i'm really hopeful. I liked first Revelations game too and i liked the first episode. I was preordered game and i'm not regret it. If you wanna buy it now, i would say go on but if you want to wait until the last patch it's OK.I would give it 8. Just because of bad performance and framedrops."
,Recommended,287290,14651549,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Knuckler,This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥but if you lock the frame rate to 30 fps it runs fine. The first episode is very action orinted and the second episode has a lot more tense momments and adds a few new cool features into the game. Raid mode is like a mini rpg in the game as you can level up your characters and buy new weapons and aquire new skills for your character. Each mission takes you through classic resident evil levels and can have different objectives such as a time run or defend an area.Updated*The game has been updated so it now runs a bit better and does not need to be locked at 30fps as they have fixed the animation stutter. The rest of the episodes where very good but the ending was a bit dissapointing.7.5/10To much water
76561198093366012,Recommended,287290,23827084,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vortekh,nice game! very addictive storyline will probably purchase the other chapters.
,Not Recommended,287290,18798153,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Xaeltos,No online Coop. Only get for the single player. Pc gets jipped again by a terrible port.
,Not Recommended,287290,16021911,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Nope.... Don't buy this. I don't care how much of a fan you are of RE, and how much you miss Clair. This game is a cheap washed down re5 at best... and not a washed down re6... nope 5. You will have better luck getting a coop partner in 5 than this... seriously. You will. I reviewed it earlier and talked about how the mechanics in 6 were far better and that the whole dividing it all up in dlc felt cheap before. But I cant get a single coop game, or find one in this. At all. Yet I can find 20 in re6? why? Because this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure its darker... more horror oriented... but re6 can be that way if you actually play it on a hard difficulty... and its not like I feel the need to have the whole game so ♥♥♥♥ing typical. Nothing new here except cheap DLC gimmicks... infact, they left plenty out. The only way this game evolved the resident evil series is... wait... it didn't... at all. Not one ♥♥♥♥ing bit. They left out mechanics, they added DLC trends, they have DEAD multiplayer that's not even comparable to 5 or 6.... THEY DID NOTHING RIGHT WITH THIS GAME... except maybe one thing. Made every environment dark? Eh. THAT""S IT. THAT IS ALL THEY DID....Dude... you dont even know how bad this game is. THEY REUSED MAPS FOR THEIR MP. Seriously, about 70 percent of their maps for multiplayer were in resident evil 6.... they werent even merc mode maps... just part of the story maps... Honeslty, the game mostly consists of re6 maps.... especially if you just buy one dlc. Buy this, play the story, and refund.... let capcom know. This is totally something I cannot stand for. Do not buy this game unless you fully expect to try to get a refund on it. I am dead ♥♥♥♥ing serious. ♥♥♥♥ ANYONE who gave me a not helpful thumbs down on this review. They don't know Resident Evil. This is Ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥here. Except it runs. Whatever. It's such an insult of a game. Dont. Just... ♥♥♥♥ing... Dont. More people are playing RE6 and RE5... NOT combined. Meaning... more people are playing 5 than this, and more people are playing 6 than this......... just incase you're ♥♥♥♥ing dumb. (which I expect people are because I get thumbs down on this opinion already.)  It is awful, and it's an insult. It could be the end of Resident evil being a game youd ever want to play if they keep this up. Seriously, dont buy this. ♥♥♥♥ anyone who gives this a good review. They are goddamn out of their ♥♥♥♥ing minds.... a game totally dependent on story and DLC.... yeah... that makes ♥♥♥♥ing sense.... ♥♥♥♥ you. RE6 had DLC.... they didnt make you buy it to hear the ♥♥♥♥ing story? not that this games story even matters because its all past tense.... ♥♥♥♥... JESUS.... DONT BUY THIS. DONT. PLEASE.... buying this is basically saying I don't care if the Resident Evil series becomes♥♥♥♥♥♥forever....(although, if even 100thousand people bought it tonight, it still would fail compared to 5 and 6.... simply because they are so incomparable on so many levels.[that's why this games multiplayer is already dead and 5 and 6 are still alive and WELL]) Just don't even buy it please."
76561198034206958,Not Recommended,287290,24270910,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mitch,"Looks good to me, with some *serious issues...{*that is why i really cannot recommend it, but it doesn't mean you won't like the game}It is way too dificult even on low difficulty (some parts) and medium, don't mention it...I am giving up after a bit more than an hour of playing...Got frustrate since i had to repeat one part for three times...I hate this check point ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and repeating it all over again...It's getting boring and i also don't have time to play x-times the same... Life time is to precious for that...What is the idea behind the check point saving anyway?I play 10 minutes, 99% is okay, then you got crashed within 1% and have to repeat the whole 99% instead of only 1% because you cannot save the game...!!!???Honestly people, are you gonna live forever and can garbage away 99% of your gaming time just like that?Whatever, if you think you have enough time for repeatings, then go for it... it looks like a good game...Edit:Unsaved progress will be lost! Thanks not enjoying the game, beeing frustrated and have no fun playing it... That's the idea behind it obviously...Guess there is no need to buy Resident Evil 7 considering all this facts..."
,Recommended,287290,15256203,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Manio,"I was wary about this game after my massive distaste with Resident Evil 6. However, I decided to trust the developers based on some footage and gave the game a chance. I don't regret it whatsoever.The environments are amazingly detailed, gritty, and it harkens back to what I missed most about the Resident Evil series. That feeling of dread. I'm loving this game.If you loved Resident Evil 4, and back when the game still had horror elements to it then I definetly recommend you snag this bad boy."
,Recommended,287290,17976439,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Orio Milkshake,Barry Burton is my teddy bear
,Recommended,287290,16547977,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Fortune,Zombies + distinct lack of ammunition?Human interaction + local co-op?Gritty survival-horror + dad jokes?worth every penny - best new entry in the series
,Not Recommended,287290,15903351,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RavenRider,"The Game looked good, and on special, I didn't think I would be buying a game that only 2 two hours to finish, The Graphic's are fine, the hook of putting some thing on special, and it not even being complete, for the rest of it plus the whole game plus dlc is an extra $100.  I paid $2.99 USD, Just to be played by the makers... Here try this it is incomplete.. but if you like you'll buy the rest... Game.  That makes me angry not to mention linking the account was a effort, so much so that I don't think the simple minded would of worked it out.  I loved the movies! I hated the Movie based off the game.. but I enjoyed the game play just shame, the makers, are not to considerate of their fan base.  Would of like more then a simple intro to the game.  It was number 2 after all."
,Recommended,287290,24335256,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,J~Doge,"This game is so cool because RE became more classic than new games like RE6 or terrible RE5Visual this game looks pretty good than RE6, but those games were made on the same engineRaid mode was made for RE6 fansI like this game 7/10"
,Recommended,287290,32102059,Posted: 1 June,all,Quinora,Very fun game and amazing storyline
,Recommended,287290,23593398,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AweVFX,"I played this on PS4 with my brother and I had a blast from all the jump scares and the adrenaline from trying to stay alive! I also love the story and how the developers insisted that we should use teamwork to survive from the horrors. Finally, I really love the characters, new and old, especially Moira. I would like to see Moira being build up in the rest of the future series. 10/10 for me, maybe because I had someone close to play with."
,Recommended,287290,14673459,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jack,"this is how resident evil game should be single player it always has been till fan complaint about having coop i like how they trying to put the way of game play in RER2 combining gameplay from 1,2,3,4,5,6 well maybe not evey game i never re1 re3 so i dont really what the gameplay look like gameplay is good i hate the dodge system in this game is no point of dodg when taking hit from dodg no costumize control character cant move while dying but overall this is great an improve from revelation 1"
,Recommended,287290,14675607,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ERROARRRRR,good game cant wait for episode 2 the only downside no online coop :(
76561198080277835,Recommended,287290,14680003,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,COEN093,"I personally havent had any issues with crashing that others have listed, however I do reccomend the console version if you have the option because the Frame Rate can slow down once in a while but this hasnt been a consistant problem for me. That being said, this is a decent game so far. The first half of episode 1 is a bit of a slow burn, and Moira will annoy the hell out of you, but it picks up after the first half and raid mode is alot of fun and adds some replayability  (although personally I prefer Mercenaries mode from the other games.) The microtransactions in raid mode are dumb but they dont affect the gameplay. Its a bit early to judge the entire game seeing as how we still have to wait for the last three episodes. I wouldn't say this game is off to a great start but its difinitely not awful. Here's to hoping the game improves with each episode."
,Not Recommended,287290,25173995,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Prince Veggie,"There is no online co-op for Story Mode. There is for Riot Mode, but not Story Mode. While it is a good game and you still can play it local in splitscreen, it is still missing a major function and feature that most of us PC gamers desperatley need."
,Recommended,287290,27925163,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KongLoudy,I love uncle barry ♥
,Not Recommended,287290,16083762,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Baconpancake,"First off all there is no Co-op -.- The game is sick, graphics are great and the story is awesome. But 39$ for the hole game, i don't think so. I bought just the first chapter for only for 3$ thinking it's the whole deal but i was mistaken :|"
,Recommended,287290,16936069,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,PsyЯen,"tl;dr review: The story is so bad that you will want to cry, buy it for the RAID Mode.Longer review:Pros+Barry is back!+RAID Mode is still fun+Gina's♥♥♥♥♥♥and bootyCons:+Barry, an American, somehow aged into an Asian+Claire aged so bad that she became Tobey Maguire+The story is so bad (and rushed) that you'll want to go full ALAHU ACKBAR on CAPCOM's offices+Moira is basically a genderbent version of (Ninja Theory's) DmC DanteBottom line: buy it when it's on sale. I'll recomend it because I'm having fun with RAID mode."
,Recommended,287290,16930952,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jamage007,One of the better Resident Evil games.Worth trying the 1st episode.Don't let my game hours fool you. I have played quite a bit of this game on Xbone
76561198073182015,Recommended,287290,16993880,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kira9108,"If you're a Resident Evil fan you will like this, the campaing was pretty good . but the realy fun come in when you play raid mode."
,Recommended,287290,17444985,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Anas,"I just finished EPisode 1 , I got admit I like the story , the game play , it brings some old atmosphere to this .story 9/10graphics 7/10audio 8/10gameplay 9/10"
76561198199634041,Recommended,287290,27888362,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FAIZE,"Even contolling 's hard, but I love this game <3  ; this story is nice."
,Recommended,287290,14672160,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Amniku,"Wheres the ammo?!?!?!Game runs great, should have been a co-op, even with the help being a no gunner.....Anyone who says bad frame rate, is using an outdated computer.Graphics are great, but not over powering. Im enjoying the story and enviorment, but have yet to see a save point, or any checkpoints 1.2 hrs in, so I hope my game picks up where I died.Combat knife is the only real weapon, or the crowbar, as ammo is non existent. weapon switching leaves a lot to be desired, as it is not intuitive. Controller play is great though. The looking for white flickers with the flashlight for ammo is lame, but nessasary. Harsh learning curve on controls, but I like the move and shoot, or drive by knifings you can do.Physics where all over the place, in a funny way.------This game comes up shy of real fear factor, and thats good------ DLC's can make it betterReal Con---Clare could have been modled just a bit hotter in the face area... just saying, she looks like an alcohalic 'though, she just might be' lol"
,Recommended,287290,14672331,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Euphie Senpai,I do and do not recommend this game. The fact that there is no co-op on the pc version is pretty darn stupid on their part. pc is the best platform out there for co-op with the options of being able to play online and what not.
,Recommended,287290,14677862,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Slinker,"UPDATE: I've played episode 2, and while the episode is better in gameplay and length, the frame rate is an increasing issue which makes it really hard to play at certain parts. Which is disappointing. I would at this moment change my recommendation to a ""NO"". But I'll just I rewrite this review when all the episodes are released and I got an complete overview of the entire product. So keep that in if you wanna read my review of ""episode 1"". Cheers!Old review:Resident Evil has always been a sort of guilty pleasure for me after Resident Evil 4, and after the less enjoyable Resident Evil 5 & 6 it feels nice that Revelations 2 is going back to a more calmer narrative and a more creepy atmosphere. (Have not played Revelations 1 so can't compare to it.)I enjoyed the combat a lot in this game. I played on hardest difficulty which made it hard but fair. Although if you're not familiar with the combat in previous games I would say go for normal.  Switching between guns and melee attacks is smooth and as intensive at it should be. And with a decent amount of variations to the enemy all the action scenarios feelt intensive and creative the entire first episode.The controls are decent, it's clearly designed for a controller, but works good enough with mouse and keyboard.Not really much to say about the story within the first episode, but I really liked the setting and Barrys and Natalias part of the game has some enjoyable dialogs. Clearly the best part of  the plot so far. And as I said, I liked that the narrative is much slower compared to the newer Resident Evil games and it doesn't try to give a bunch of details of what happened in the previous games. So far you can get into it without any experience with Resident Evil games.It's just such a shame it's such a bad version of the game. I didn't encounter much issue with the frame during the main campaign and so that part was really enjoyable, and made me look forward to the next episode. But it really shows in raid mode when the game throws as many enemys as possible. At times the enemys would start move in slowmotion, and one snow level in raid mode was next to unplayable because the frame rate went from 60 to 7-10.The graphics quality is so so, its some great design and the main campaign there are parts that looks really nice. But when they show you more larger open areas in raid mode it can become really butt-ugly.And the there is the absent of coop, which should be there.I really hope they fix the frame rate issues, because overall this was a step in the right direction for the franchise. It had a great atmosphere and gameplay, and I want to play the next episode. But if you have a nextgen consol, you might wanna buy this for that instead. And if you don't well, it is 7 euros/dollars, if you find the trailers appealing and can forgive it's issues than step right ahead and give it a shoot. Otherwise......Umm yeah, I kinda liked it."
,Recommended,287290,14678373,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,boxeater,"Minor framerate issues that can be fixed by tweaking your graphics, no crashes or hang ups. Raid is fun and the story is interesting with better controls and good gameplay. Yes it has micro transactions, but this is Capcom. You don't need to spend any money beyond the base game to have a good time."
,Recommended,287290,14678964,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GimmePuffPuff,"Really enjoyed the game, mostly becouse it was an survival horror and not another action fps action shooter like RE 6 , i get it that people are upset about no coop but lets remember what coop did to RE 5. For the future episodes i hope there will be choices which allows us to get different endings, also open world would be apprecieated like in RE 1. I guess i found myself a new telltale like game."
76561197979293372,Recommended,287290,14679933,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Putin Lets Loose,"This game is not as bad as people let on.  I've played through and beaten it and am running a moderate system (AMD FX-4130 3.8 GHz processor, 8 Gigs of Ram, Nvidia GTX 650), and there is some framerate slowage in certain areas (namely at the very beginning of the game, which seems to be all some of these people have actually played through).  However, I really never had framerate droppage around enemies so it never effected my gameplay.  My best guess is that there are certain moments in this game where it's initializing a lot of data and those are the spots where there's framerate droppage.  It is annoying when those moments occur, but this game is completely playable.This is a fun resident evil so I would recommend it, especially at it's low price, but it's not a great, cannonical-style resident evil.  It doesn't feel completely 100% console, it feels a bit like a handheld game.  It's fairly low-poly, the environments aren't as cool as many resident evils, and it's got forced NPC characters that accompany you completely along the way (something people complained about in RE5).  These forced NPCs don't really add much to the game, they have the ability to see things in the environments that the ""main"" character can't, so instead of looking forward to using a different character, I felt obliged to do so just to find items in my environment, even if that's not really the case.  I understand why capcom did this though.  This is a series that was once criticized for keeping very similar gameplay for a long time and not ""innovating"", something that Capcom has obviously taken to heart.So, these things do keep this from being a great resident evil, but it's definitely not bad.  It's still classic, fun, cheesy resident evil gameplay, and if you're a RE fan, there's nothing wrong with that.  It feels a lot like the first revelations, and overall, it's worth the price they're asking for it.  If you're one of those people who are seriously going to throw a hissy-fit over them forgetting to mention that there's currently not local split-screen co-op on this $6 game, don't buy it.  Instead go back to doing whatever it is that makes you happy(obviously complaining).  I give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,287290,19593303,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Peperoni,"This is the best Resident Evil/Biohazard game since ResE4 bruh, for realsies.It's really solid and has a lot more survival horror aspects than the previous games (you can even see that they seem to be drawing some of the better aspects of The Last of Us in). Didn't expect this to be so good. The extra episodes are rather meh, but overall this is one of the top Resident Evil/Biohazard games for me. Waaayyy better than a sequel to a Nintendo 3DS game has any right to be.The shooting feels really satisfying whether you're playing with a controller or a keyboard/mouse. You can play the campaign as either of the twp characters (Claire/Moira or Barry/Natalia) and the characters all have their own different feel, rather than say, one partner has a bow after new game plus and the other gets a gatling gun.The records and rewards are really fun to do and the game is just really freaking dense with content. Not to mention raid mode - I am certain I've sunk over 100 hours into the raid mode alone, and I'm nowhere close to having every medalion (plus there are daily challenges every day and event missions via resident evil dot net).And you get to play as Claire again ffs. Its been literally forever.9/10, would recommend; gives me hope for ResE7."
76561198137177078,Recommended,287290,19339107,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Super Sonic,Best silent hill game ive ever played.
76561198294861026,Recommended,287290,24127551,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Night_Ghost,Игра чёткая одна из моих любимых частей серии RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS 2 кстати первая часть тоже про клер и мию там тоже RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS. эта игра чёткая разные монстры.оружия.много длс
,Recommended,287290,15144382,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Hype Train,'S bretty gud
76561197993602188,Not Recommended,287290,21720341,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,cyt,"revelations has a potential storyline, but the gameplay needs to improve really alot, the multiplayer is more fun than the campaign"
76561198273984900,Recommended,287290,21916215,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,nvrCryWolf,LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!
76561197991986415,Recommended,287290,14685542,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,john1231,"a terrible bug fest - with performance issues, no offline coop and lots of other problems...even the menues reference to ""do not turn off your console"" - so that should say everything.the game itself is fun and raid mode and the gameplay is very nice but its flawed from a technical point of viewi would advise to stay away until everything is patched!edit: capcom listend to their fans and brought splitscreen coop to the PC version, also they mostly fixed the performance issues and are working hard to fix the remaining fps issues on level load.with so much good will after a bad start i thnik they earnead a postivie review after all...changed to recommended"
,Recommended,287290,25374286,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,♫ ✘ ♛ virus ♛ ✔ ♫,زينة
,Recommended,287290,16212588,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Is better than I expected! :)Pros:- The gameplay feels smooth- Another step forward to the campaign co-op. It's fun to play.- There are not many types of enemies but they're OK.- Even tho the environments are kind of linear or predictable, the level design is fun.- The story is well presented + The different endings ;)- Nice length and difficulty.- Claire Redfield <3 (Yes, I'm a fan since RE 2 and RE CV)...and Barry F*cking Burton's come back! ;)Cons:- Lack of online co-op- The lack of backtracking until the last chapters (and it's minimal).- The craft system (stoled from The Last of Us) is not bad. But is not that interesting to use.- Stealth is very clunky / simple. The comparison with TLOU is unavoidable.- MT Framework Engine...The assets looks like cardboard since RE5. But I think the art and execution of RE Rev 2 and RE 6 are the best of this games. INote:Performance issues are solved with the lastest updates.I think it is a good game for its price. I liked the endings as I said. I recommend this one over the first Revelations (Or ""Revelaitions"" haha if you know what I mean!)."
,Recommended,287290,30887308,Posted: 1 April,all,Dot,Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥right here
,Recommended,287290,23879451,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shudyson,I saw the price and I got it and its sitting in my Library for a while tryed it and left it alone. so thumbs up i guess................
,Recommended,287290,23963540,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iff,bought this game just cause it was 1€2spooky4me. gonna try to finish this game anyway.tried raid mode but didnt find any matchmaking...fak i thought raid mode was co-opthis game is single player.
76561198125649250,Recommended,287290,30752543,Posted: 26 March,all,tattoome1ster,I felt in love with this game... I play Resident Evil games since sony playstation 1 :)Nostalgia here i come <3
,Recommended,287290,22390955,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,executeu,Loved the gameplayThe story mode on this is too short ! however its nice - you gotta get the DLC in order to feel lets say a full campaign game - however it think this should be binded with all other related DLC And priced as one - if i knew the game would require me to get another 2 DLC - i wouldnt have bought it - i would have waited for an offer or smth -But if you are a Resident Evil FAN - yes this one is a totally worth it for your collection
,Recommended,287290,22600096,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,chijuancito,Excellent game! Love the simplicity and dark tone of the story mode. It does deliver its promise as a survival horror. Also all of the achievements do keep you entretained.
76561198065890819,Recommended,287290,23591343,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Heroes618,10/10would play as little girl again (Natalia Korda) :P
76561198118239062,Recommended,287290,34439673,Posted: 23 August,all,Ghost.SP#Rainer,i survive this game so play nice move slow and think!!!
,Recommended,287290,34468188,Posted: 24 August,all,Christina,"Great game, kind of like Resident Evil 4, if you like survival horror games, you gonna like this one. the game is also hard, something good for some, and not so for others, but it's great and has amazing story.The best resident evil since Resident Evil 4 (haven't played 7)."
76561198091361997,Recommended,287290,15605573,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheCreator,"The best part of this game is Raid Mode. Find a freind and play countless hours with many choosable characters and kill these undead bastaeds by the hoard,"
,Recommended,287290,23976820,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wunkerful,This games horde mode is scarily addictive. If you like Mass Effect 3 Coop try this out.
76561198103089956,Recommended,287290,30899183,Posted: 2 April,all,The Dark Lord Sauron,great game with great discount price and most importanly is not scary at all lel
,Recommended,287290,18130959,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Yup~ I'm Lolita,It's a very perfect game!But the plot is TOO SHORT.XD
76561197995896897,Recommended,287290,18127779,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SirTemplar,"This game is a Top 10,   I really liked the story line.   It,s a must have in PC Gaming."
,Recommended,287290,14714120,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,chanv,"Edit: Capcom seems to have made the performance improvements. Game still stutters a little but is vastly more playable now - updating review.Keep the improvements coming!---------------------------The game is a lot of fun... when it perfroms adequately. And half of the time it doesn't. There are some signs that the game at its current state is not acceptably optimized for the PC, even on high-end machines. Parts of the game would run smoothly on the highest settings, then all of the sudden goes into a frame-drop frenzy, rendering the game unplayable.I cannot recommend this game until there is a fix for the performance issues. Unpredictable frame rate drops, stuttering and the lags really takes away from the game experience. The game does show a lot of promise with the improvements on Revelations 1 and the raid mode put on steriods - if only we can play it properly.Unless you enjoy fighting a group of zombies at a stunning, seizure-inducing 10FPS, stay away - come back when there is a fix."
76561198162753489,Recommended,287290,14723070,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,wesker.beskow,"----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TOP QUOTES:3rd - Barry:""Two Weskers? Are you kidding me?""2nd - Claire: ""I was almost a Claire sandwich""Moira: ""Ugh...Barry told you that story?""1st - Barry: ""Ha! Who's the master of unlocking now, huh?""---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Waring: You will not read something like: ""Man, No Co-Op/Episodic launch it's the worst"" in my review. I play for the Single player and I KNEW what I was paying for.So, let's move on:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After a great first game, Resident Evil: Revelations 2 keep with a hard mission: Restore the Survival Horror aspect in one of the Capcom's great franchise.So the question here is...Revelations 2 restored our faith in RE universe and Capcom?The answer is: Close Enought.In my opinion, the 1st game have a better ""scary"" atmosphere, but here we have a better story, a great Claire's return and the moment every fan waited for: Barry as a main character! And the old man will show you how much he remembers each single thing he said in the first game.A great action/survival horror hybrid. Raid Mode is not online until now, but look great and fun even offline. Enjoy your time training until Capcom fix it.Chapter by chapter: (SPOILER FREE!)Chapter 1 - Lot of questions, no answers, we are introduced to Barry's daughter Moira: A troublesome teenager who don't use guns, but can kicks Bio Weapons♥♥♥♥♥with a crowbar and....A flashlight! And Natalia, a little girl with a ""special gift"" to really help you survive the island.Chapter 2 - We start to find some answers, new weapons and little more about the island and who lives on it. For me, 1st one was harder, but 2nd was not bad at all, And when you tought nothing is new, Natalia's gift saves you at a complete new way.11.2/10"
76561198102343055,Not Recommended,287290,17212165,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Le Meilleur,This game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it
,Recommended,287290,24710406,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Northman#,"First i have to say this game has really good story , But also  have sucks multiplayer mode"
,Recommended,287290,24338384,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Riverstone,"Terrifying fun. Great story line, heart pounding suspence, complex puzzles. Got zombies anybody?"
76561198145220491,Recommended,287290,24337738,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Diamond,"At first, I thought i was being cheated to buy this product as it only costs $5.99. But as soon as i have played the first episode, I knew that this game is worth all of my money and i decided to buy all of the episodes as they are so addicting.RECOMMENDED TO BUY ALL EPISODES"
76561198027893721,Recommended,287290,18439111,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,raypaulnoams,"Looks like it could be a good game if it was playable. A fair bit of screwing around but I fixed all the issues with framerate and controls, and now it keeps randomly crashing.A pity because if I couldget past all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and bugs somewhere in there is a good game waiting to be played.Alright got the ♥♥♥♥er working, might have been the new patch, might have been playing on normal instead of hard. Wow this is short. RE6 was huge, now they want you to pay for every level seperately apparently.Yeah get it I guess, but don't pay a lot for it."
76561198151665673,Recommended,287290,16843816,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,iliaskopelitis_98,q
76561198051625947,Recommended,287290,21014803,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Leonx,"I recommend it, it was great till the 4th episode which was supposed to be the final episode...then i found out about the extra episodes and i was mad....my biggest complaint is that purchasing each episode seperatly makes you miss out on alot. If you're gonna buy it get the delux edition, comes with all the episodes + all the dlc(extra episodes) wish i had done it but i was seduced by the $1 sale for episode 1... no spoilers but im a little mad how capcom set things up with these episodes"
76561198143406809,Recommended,287290,19870892,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kokoro-Chan,we need more HEADSHOTS!!! haha
76561198049560667,Not Recommended,287290,23740770,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Darealpokgai,"This game is good only if there is online co op for story mode. Raid mode is crap, get bored very fast."
,Recommended,287290,17346122,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Havoctheend,An eposodic journey as two protagonists are kidnapped and stranded on an island of no escape. And it's inhabitants aren't exactly human.....
76561198095241720,Recommended,287290,28115402,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,♫WarninG [Everywhere],"Good controls,dark atmosphere9/10"
,Recommended,287290,23618670,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,EmpG Baim,ggwp
,Not Recommended,287290,30750481,Posted: 26 March,all,SATAN丨ISM,这是第二次购买了，每次点开始都显示D3DERR_DEVICELOST:pdevice  求帮忙！
76561198054132627,Not Recommended,287290,22228154,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Son of Lucifer,only bought episode one and it took way too little time to go through the story in ep. 1 and most of my time is used on raidmode and that doesnt make it any fair of capcom.....this is my firstimpression on resident evil i like it but not enough to buy episodes!!!it is like buying a demo under the impression of a game!!! make it up to us!!!
76561198075005733,Not Recommended,287290,20757687,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Click Bait,I want my $6.00 back
,Recommended,287290,15509634,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"i love resident evil.this game is amazing so far and im barely about to start episode 3....so im half way there?PROS:i love the story (so far)gameplay is fantasticgraphics are greatthe atmosphere is pretty creepy and feels like old skool resident evilthe monsters are awesome and feel like zombies againthe boss fights (so far) are pretty sickthe weapons are good and plentyfulthe weapon upgrade system and upgrades are coolCONS:still a little frame loss during certain areas but not a lot and im sure it'll get fixed at some pointThe invisible bugs creatures are a terrible idea though....----------------------------------------------------------------------------if you like resident evil, either the old or the new, you'll love this. it's like a perfect combo of both :)"
,Recommended,287290,22143354,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,✉ VicS,"Money grabbing who,res"
,Recommended,287290,28630854,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SinyumSsss,"Thanks winter sale save 87% good price , better saved high discount for all Eps :)"
,Recommended,287290,22345380,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"(This review only covers the four main episodes of the game, and not the two bonus episodes that slot in between those chronologically.)I was too young to get involved with the Resident Evil franchise at its inception on the original PlayStation, and have only ever engaged in the franchise via Resident Evil 5.  My girlfriend is a huge fan of the movies and games however, and picked this up for us to play on the Steam Link in the living room together, so I figured I'd give it a whirl.  The original game was released episodically, so a base purchase will get you just Episode 1, and you can purchase each additional episode (a total of 4, plus 2 ""extras"" that are more side stories than the rest) or pick everything up in a bundle like she did.  Its interesting as a gamer to see the episodic model slowly coming back into style after the model kind of petered out in the 00's with Half-Life and SiN.  Early Access games can take the model to the extreme end of things, while developers like Tell Tale, and in this case, Capcom, can push out an entire campaign over the course of a year.  Now that the full game is available though, you won't have to worry about only getting the first taste and being left hanging for X amount of months.Resident Evil 5, while enjoyable, didn't overly inspire me to go out and play every other title in the series I could get my hands on, although I will admit Resident Evil 4 continues to rot in the depths of my Steam backlog, so SOMEDAY I'll get to see what all the fuss is about there.  Revelations 2 was a lot more pallatable in terms of pacing though, and did not burn me out or get frustrating after long sessions of gameplay like some games do (especially when played on the TV, never been able to handle console marathons for anywhere near as long as on a monitor on a desk somewhere).  The gameplay balances itself between desperate ""don't let the boogie man get me"" gunplay and some puzzles that can range from basic to quite clever without being overtly infuriating, with dramatic pre-rendered cut scenes peppered in as bookends between it all.  I actually quite enjoyed the episodic nature as it put the game in nice bite-sized chunks I could sink my teeth into and feel satisfied with putting down the controller after a couple hours of gameplay until the next night.The game puts you in control of two protagonists at a time that you can switch between at-will like other RE titles, but there are two duos in the story, each exploring the same maps separated by several months of time.  Each of the four characters has their own unique abilities and ways of working together with their respective partners to explore the maps, unlock doors, find ammo, etc.  Typically, one pair plays through an area for about an hour or two of gameplay, and then the story will jump to the second pair revisiting the same area, but possibly from a different angle, which made focusing on combat and puzzles for the second pair a lot more enjoyable as I knew where I was going, though sometimes the areas visited are dramatically different to prevent you from getting that feeling of retracing your steps every two  hours.  Ammo and inventory management is still a thing, you'll have to be choosy with how you engage enemies (especially when half of the playable teams do not pack heat), though boss battles tend to get a little more generous with keeping you adequatly stocked in case if you run out.Between Resident Evil 5 and reading about the older games in the series in gaming magazines growing up, I was able to piece together enough of the story to make it enjoyable.  However, a lot of the finer details are relegated to journal-like collectables, and if you try to over-analyze the plot in the universe proper it might make for a headache for a casual fan.  Thankfully, the writing and overall themes of the game focus a lot more on this being a story about the four characters involved as people, rather than a piece of the giant Umbrella tapestry that Capcom has woven over the years, and for that the story comes out much more tolerable than other sketchy dubs of Japanese titles.I did experience some technical difficulties with massive frame drops and skipping in early gameplay, and have seen people having issues with it.  The final fix turned out to be V-sync related, and though I had it disabled in game, I still had G-sync enabled on my monitor and it was causing issues when played on PC or streamed to the Steam Link.  Disabling G-sync before playing eliminated all of my technical woes and the rest of the game ran fine, so I won't hold it against the developers.Though the game didn't completely convert me into a huge Resident Evil fan, Revelations 2 might have actually made me more willing to try other titles in the series like the stream of HD re-releases Capcom have been publishing.  Who knows, I might even finally get around to playing Resident Evil 4 HD."
76561198066699042,Not Recommended,287290,22332416,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,zeroskater550,"Only get two short levels in this, have to buy extra episodes as DLC to play the full game. It even includes a ""in the next episode of Resident Evil Revelations....."" at the end so the game cant even be enjoyed as a standalone."
,Recommended,287290,31985109,Posted: 26 May,all,Saulsa,the game is themed red cause your balls will be hot the whole time you play it
,Not Recommended,287290,14644837,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wesker Frank,"Ok so after playing some more I decided to change my review;The Story mode is ok. Kinda sad that its cut in 4 parts though.No Pc Coop SUCK. I wanted to play this with my girlfriend just like Resident Evil 5 but look like this won,t be happening soon.Raid mode is garbage.It look like some ♥♥♥♥ing bad free to play mmo games out there.Its lame - repetitive- boring- way too easy - unrewarding - and wesker look like♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Resident evil 5 is 20$ and It has a full storymode coop , amazing Mercenary mode,  'FREE' Unlockable Alternative Costume.And FFS Mercenary was sooo much better than raid why did you idiot remove it..."
,Recommended,287290,31247045,Posted: 19 April,all,Iris,Not a bad game. Feels like im using a stapler but not a bad game.
76561198061831308,Recommended,287290,17036670,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Michael H Tran,is this game co-op?
,Recommended,287290,15038799,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ZombieKnight,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 is a great game if your looking for a hoffiylingly suspensful zombie game. It has many great scares, also the atmosphere is very creepy with chilling soundtracks. Its a Resident Evil that has many puzzles as always, but some that can brutally kill you, and some that will actually make you sit back and think. Its a challenging game if you dont play it on a wussy setting, and the storyline is very confusing and compelling. Notes, letters, diarys, and other clues can be sought out through the whole game to gain understanding of the gruesome story behind the madness they face on the island. Definetly recommend you playing throught RER1 so you can understand the backstory and also see how the game has evolved in the second installment. That game is also amazing and I Replayed the both of them. Revelations 2 will make you fight for your life and learn to be quick. The dodging system is fantastic, best its ever been actually, and walking while aiming is really a convience while these zombies try to be clever and dodge your bullets. Zombies are killer also. They are messed up looking as always, but the way they move is unique and challenging. Weapons can be upgraded, and skills can be learned by earing BP (bonus points) depending on your skill in gameplay. The Bosses and Mini-Bosses all have wonderful introductions and boss battles that are gonna throw you into a cesepool of insanity, shrilling intensity, goreifying madness, tidal wave of zombies, and then eventually the classic ""You are DEAD"" title screen. The games so good you cant seem pull away, the monsters gnawing at your corpse spewing your blood everywhere is no discouragment on the screen as you dwell back into the addiciting darkness of Resident Evil... and faithfully try again. This game rocks, check out my screenshots and artwork to get a bitter taste of whats to come. Theres also Add-ons which provide more insight into certain characters in the game. Raid mode is new, fresh, and really fun as you can take on the twisted undead with your friends. A MUST BUY IF YOU LOVE SURVIVAL HORROR ZOMBIE GAMES."
,Recommended,287290,17103257,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Reva (I'll Be Back),I love the gameplay but have absolutely nobody to play it with. If somebody would like to add me to play chapter 1 (all i have so far) then I would be really happy. The nobody to play with thing is my only complaint besides being unable to register my save info because the site is gone.
,Recommended,287290,32887986,Posted: 27 June,all,SebGotRekt,"I haven't played much of it at the moment, the story is ok so far, but Raid Mode is at the moment a lot more fun. Definitely worth £5 or less during the sale."
,Recommended,287290,29815001,Posted: 9 February,all,A-Lyse,"what a nice game,i should recomended this game to all my friend"
76561198138836202,Not Recommended,287290,22012318,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,yotosun,the resident evil franchise getting ruined with every release.
,Recommended,287290,22023454,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,!(gerMAN ^wolf)!,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 isn't ur old school classical horror game, it is more like dead aim, more shooting with a few good jump scares, when i got ep.1 i thought let me try and if it is good ill go for the rest, well i did go for the rest the game's story isn't that good but it is a better story then most recent titles, the game's quite fun if you forget resident evil classical style of play and are more for the gun RE gun games it is a fantastic game.______________________________________________________________ Now to what this game is great at, the raid mode is an epic mode like mercenaries used to be just made better, play through the game if you want to  know the story and get a hang of the game, but raid mode trust me,  this is the heart of this game, you have 2 kill many infected in a certain time period depending on the level, customisation is perfect in raid mod you can have a character with a lot of combonations, and there is a nice perk system, lot's of ways 2 play.______________________________________________________________ pros:- make you character how you want in raid mode- many updates to raid mode- good gameplay- smooth fps- many kinds of levelscons:- bad story- high price- bad options menu- pay gatesFinal Verdict 8.5/10"
76561198004414580,Not Recommended,287290,21799456,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Warlord,Do not buy this game if you plan on completeing the story mode due to the fact that each part cost money. Their are 4 parts to this game.  Also the game section i played only lasted about 3 hours long.
,Recommended,287290,22232856,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Reivax,"How can you see into my eyes like open doors?Leading you down into my core,Where I've become so numb.Without a soul,My spirit sleeping somewhere cold.Until you find it there andLead it back home.(Wake me up)Wake me up inside,(I Can't wake up)Wake me up inside,(Save me)Call my name and save me from the dark.(Wake me up)Bid my blood to run,(I Can't wake up)Before I come undone,(Save me)Save me from the nothing I've become.Now that I know what I'm without,You can't just leave me, breatheInto me and make me real,Bring me to life.(Wake me up)Wake me up inside,(I Can't wake up)Wake me up inside,(Save me)Call my name and save me from the dark.(Wake me up)Bid my blood to run,(I Can't wake up)Before I come undone,(Save me)Save me from the nothing I've become.Bring me to life,(I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside)Bring me to life.Frozen (frozen) inside without your touch,Without your love, darling.Only (only) you are the life among the dead.All this time I can't believe I couldn't see,Kept in the dark but you were there in front of me.I've been sleeping a thousand years it seems,Got to open my eyes to everything.Without a thought without a voice without a soul,Don't let me die here,There must be something more!Bring me to life.(Wake me up)Wake me up inside,(I Can't wake up)Wake me up inside,(Save me)Call my name and save me from the dark.(Wake me up)Bid my blood to run,(I Can't wake up)Before I come undone,(Save me)Save me from the nothing I've become.(Bring me to life)I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside!(Bring me)(Bring me to life)"
76561198034924815,Recommended,287290,16550905,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wiicked,"If you want to play a game that has regain part of the essence of the Old Resident Evil games, you should give this one a chance. The story is good, tho' you might get lost at some points, the gameplay and how you must use both characters at the same time to get through the maps are also quite enjoyable. I recommend playing this game with someone else.And you must play with Barry. He's awesome."
,Recommended,287290,23671754,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,-SkyFiRe-,Oh what a good game. Better give some puzzle like re older
,Recommended,287290,21299338,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Champzix,Killed by Glasp
,Recommended,287290,22226259,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DANKENSTEIN,"Moira is useless and holds you back, you only keep her with you because she's too lame to use guns and claimed the flashlight."
76561198133027538,Not Recommended,287290,21839161,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,COBRUH,"you still have to pay for the other 4/5 of the game. u get the firt chapter, was kinda fun , but notreallt  when u get 1 / 5 of the game lol"
,Recommended,287290,17051155,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zuma,"Although I haven't played any Resident Evil Game in about 10 years this game settled me nicely back into the franchise, Then scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Each chapter kept me hooked for the next, Not a bad price tag either.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHIHNlk1cF8&index=1&list=PLQXxdMEVsVZdH9MasTTNlWdGj8TboZwdB"
,Not Recommended,287290,34435436,Posted: 23 August,all,RaphielDrake,"This a bog standard Resident Evil game with all you would expect and this one thing extra that noone asked for... a partner. A useless tagalong partner with either the power of a torch or two human eyes that spots things on the floor. A power most RE characters have by default. Oh and occasionally stuning enemies with a brick or flashlight. Because those things are equal to bullets.I've read the other reviews and it is truly bewildering to me how noone has mentioned this. The partner system is annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game. Like as if having someone else accompanying you making dense comments and ruining the atmosphere wasn't bad enough they are almost completely defenceless and are only required for time wasting gimmicky mechanics.I don't want to switch characters. I don't want to ♥♥♥♥ around pointing at shiny objects on the floor. I definitely do not want an annoying kid sidekick. Like, who has ever watched a film and thought ""Gosh, that squeaking child quoting those horribly scripted one liners was such a solid character.""I want to shoot/evade nightmarish monstrousities while solving afew puzzles. I want to be scared. Failing that I want to be startled. Failing that I want to entertained.This game does none of these things. It just bores me. It is basically RE Formula + Annoying Sidekick = Profit.I literally cannot fathom why RE keeps forcing partners into a *horror* game. Just keep co-op to ""RAID"" mode and for ♥♥♥♥ sake stop putting kids in your storyline unless they're going to get killed. Early.Go to your room Capcom. Don't come out until you're sorry."
,Recommended,287290,17037766,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sarra,"Says Coop, but it was just local Coop.I got a refund.Im ok, don't worry."
76561198068398360,Recommended,287290,15905667,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,meritcoba,"(I totally overhauled my review after playing through all the episodes and playing the raid mode.)I am easily scared, so i don't play many horror games. However, sometimes I give  a horror game a try and episode one of Resident Evil Revelations 2(short: revelations 2) was on offer so it was a good moment to see if I liked it.Revelations 2 is a game that spans four episodes and each episode is subdivided into two parts. The first part has Claire and Moira as the protagonists, the second part has Barry and Natalia as the team.Claire and Barry are the adults, Moira is a teenager and Natalia is a child. Each member has a specific role to play.  Claire and Barry are the fighters and Moira and Natalia are the helpers.  However these roles are not neatly divided. For instance,  Moira can wield a crowbar to smash monsters, especially in follow up attacks, Natalia can't fight, but has special powers, such as the ability to see monsters behind walls or see invisible monsters. This latter is actually quite tricky as you have to switch between Natalia and Barry to kill the monster.The story line is all about a mysterious island where Claire and Moira find themselves after they are kidnapped. What the purpose of this kidnapping is and who is behind it  is not clear. At first the two try to escape the island, but since this is impossible they decide to confront the one who is behind it all.Barry arrives six months later and meets Natalia when he lands on the island. His purpose is to find Moira, his only daughter which inevitably results in them following the other two in their foot steps.Part of the fun in the game is basically the story behind the relation between Barry and Moira, which for instance explains why Moira refuses to use a gun and later in the game this will again play an important role.Also fun is the interaction between Barry and Natalia, where Barry more or less plays the father figure, the one he failed to be for Moira. There is even an adoring moment in which Barry carries Natalia.The episodes are of an uneven experiences both game play wise and story wise. I liked the puzzle parts and these were strongest in episode 3, while episode 2 was mostly combat oriented. 1 was more of a mix, while episode 4 was fairly short in the case of Claire and Moira, but this was probably to allow time for the climatic ending.For game play I liked the way you could play the various members with their strenghts and weaknesses depending on what was needed. In the end I actually played mostly Moira and Natalia switching to the fighters when there was combat.As far as the story goes this seems to be a mess really. For instance there is hardly anything interesting going on between Claire and Moira, unlike between Barry and Moira and Barry and Natalia. I also never quite understood what the evil power behind it all was actually doing. At the one end she seemed to play a kind of cat and mouse game with the first two, but it seemed also to have something to do with experiments she is conducting. In the end it doesn't seem to make much sense.The story gets the more confusing as the game progresses and there are many questions unanswered and a fair share of plot holes. All in all the story is basically nonsensicall. Which is a pity.As an experience the game is still great and if you like a game that offers a bit of horror, a bit of team work, some puzzles, some scares, nice interacting between some of the players and some stiff fights than you probably enjoy this. If you expect a gripping story in the sense of the walking dead, then this is probably not the game for you.PostscriptWhen done playing the main game(and I think there is little reason to replay it) you can give Raid Mode a try. Raid Mode sounded dull and to a certain extent it becomes boring when play for too long, but it can be quite fun. Bascially you pick a character and use it to clear a map out. You get rewarded with experience, money and other rewards so you can improve your character.It can also be played with another person. I didn't try it.(July 2015: cleaned some text)"
76561198120651134,Recommended,287290,34201319,Posted: 12 August,all,偉大な敵,これは良いゲームです
,Recommended,287290,34229357,Posted: 13 August,all,Pupile,Still broke the industry
,Recommended,287290,20097630,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sudden,"It was worth the $0.95 for the one episode, although it's probably not up to par with other Resident Evil games. Unless there's a sale on the next episodes, I don't plan on purchasing them. Also lack of Online Multiplayer Campaign is a bummer."
,Recommended,287290,31126752,Posted: 13 April,all,MASTODON,"A very good RE game for the price. Havent played all the way through, but worth the money once on sale."
76561198139147839,Recommended,287290,20035267,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fyzal,It's awesome. And sometimes it can be scarry.
76561198160157550,Recommended,287290,28591866,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,guppies,I bought this game for a cheapest price and its cool to play with.... i am waiting for the doom3 to sale lesser price...
76561198010108746,Recommended,287290,19059008,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Lostboy,I hate that the game is split in episodes.Game title says Resident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 2  and it is so misleading.If it waast for that i would think a lot b4 purchasing!!! It's an ok game.I like the new combat system where you have to use your companion manage through difficulties althoug it is not easy to do the way the mechanics work.Also the enviroment helps you overcome these difficulties so you have to be observant.!
76561198092542838,Recommended,287290,22056739,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ozataro,well revelations not my type :)::
76561198168739666,Recommended,287290,23739623,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,NaviTot,"I want all the episodes, its perfect"
,Recommended,287290,30003536,Posted: 18 February,all,NIMPH ✨,i'm in loves/o to @julia´s gamescorner
76561198118271745,Recommended,287290,30102952,Posted: 22 February,all,I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags,Yassssssssssssssssssssss
76561198053292615,Recommended,287290,14648390,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,10k,"TL:DRRecommended with caution, it's far from perfect performance wise but Raid Mode is pretty damn addictive.- Optimized poorly, stutters no matter if u have a wooden toaster or a Nexus 2000 Speedo Toast'O'Matic, odd framerate drops- Episodic Story does nothing for it in my opinion- No Offline Co-op yet (however Offline Co-op is now in beta branch)- No Online Co-op yet either surprisingly (not)- An alarming amount of other players have had issues with the game not downloading/crashing/freezing-Lack of customer support so far regarding the above+ Raid Mode is it's (only) one saving grace at the minute, only pick this up if your a (solo) hardcore Raid Mode playerMain ReviewChrist, where to begin...The game comes with story mode, which is being sold seperately per episode or you can get a complete season, and raid mode which has a borderlands/diablo-esque type of progression where you can level up your characters and earn loot via missions.I'm personally not really a huge fan of this episodic crap, Capcom wanted to try something new and I don't think it works too well for the Resi universe. Others will disagree. That's fine it can work well (look at The Walking Dead/Back To The Future by Telltale Games to name a few). The story so far (episode 2) however is very compelling and leaves you wanting the next episode sooner rather than later.For those of you that liked Raid Mode on RE : Revelations you're in for a nice treat. They have changed up a few things, characters level up independantly from each other and have seperate skills that are unlocked at different times depending on the character. You have to identify loot you find before use (never been a fan of this in Diablo but I don't find it exactly gamebreaking), you can also combine gun parts to increase their potential although I haven't got round to that yet. Currently this mode is the only thing that's keeping me playing this.The game in it's current condition feels rushed. Gameplay constantly stutters (ranging from millisecond lag to full blown 10 seconds of nothingness) no matter if you have the minimum requirements for the game, or well over the recommended ones (the forums have pages and pages full of it from tons of players). There also seems to be some sort of mouse acceleration/smoothing, in this day and age (and I can not stress this enough) it is unacceptable to force it, it needs to be an option.Framerate is also very inconsistant, you could have 60+fps whilst your in the heat of combat and the next 20+ frames when your staring at a wall.  That combined with janky animation movement makes this game barely playable at times. I find it hard to believe that it's using the same engine as RE : Revelations, at least that game ran smoother than this.Now this doesn't affect me much since I tend to solo but Offline Co-op was advertised when the game was available for pre-order on the steam page here :-""Assistive co-op play – Players will need to switch between the two characters (Claire/Moira, Barry/Natalia) to overcome the nightmares in either single player mode with an AI partner or offline co-op.""Yet at the bottom of the description they pull this crap (this was added just before release) :-""1. Raid Mode online co-op functionality to be added at a later date.""""2. The PC version does not support offline co-op play in the Campaign or Raid Mode.""However there is hope, at the time of editing this Capcom have put a beta branch of the game onto Steam that offers offline Co-op. Good News!!!I will re-visit this review once the game gets patched (if it does), in it's current state, buyer beware, game still has fps problems with particle effects and stuttering problems that can render the game unplayable.Update 1: -The store page no longer displays the offline Co-Op, and Capcom have announced this :-""Dear RE fans,We apologize to our Resident Evil Revelations 2 PC players who purchased the game and expected to have local co-op as a feature. The feature wasn’t intended for this version and that caveat was mistakenly omitted from the product description on the Steam page earlier, and then included as soon as we were made aware. This was an unintentional error and again, we apologize for the confusion this may have caused.We are currently looking into the matter and potential solutions and we hope to have new information to share very soon, so please stay tuned. Thank you for your patience and understanding.""Either this is a clear Bait N Switch or pure stupidity for Capcom to not check their store page, it's been up for god knows how long now. Seems funny they would wait until the day it releases to disclose that info.Also still no word from support about the poor optimization and crashes others are experiencing, not even a ""we are aware we screwed up, we are fixing it"".Update 2So we got a 15 MB patch that appears to have done... well nothing. While some people are saying that it has made things worse, others are saying it's fixed stuff. The only thing I've really noticed is that there appears to be slightly more stuttering and less fps than normal. Sadly nothing else.Update 3There might be some hope for the Offline Co-op after all, Capcom just released this :-""Hello RE fans,Following Resident Evil Revelations 2 PC player feedback, we've got some new information to share. The development team has been exploring various options and we're in the process of creating a way for players to utilize a local co-op featureSoon we plan to release a beta branch on Steam which will allow two players to play the Story and Raid modes locally via a split screen. We want to get this feature in the hands of our PC players as soon as possible, so this option may not be 100% polished when it is released. Feedback from those who try it out is welcomed. For anyone who isn't satisfied with this option, refunds are available through Steam.We'll have more specific news to share when the beta branch goes live, so please stay tuned.""This is good news and at least it shows that they are listening to feedback, however there are still stutter problems that have yet to be addressed.Update 3.5The previous patch has now been reverted, FPS is better overall but the particle effects still cause major drops and stuttering still remains however.Update 4Played quite abit of episode 2, mainly the new raid mode maps. Majority of them seem to be recycled from RE 6 (sadly). Would be nice to see more variation (maybe even some sections from older resi's like 2 or 3). There are a few new characters though, including a fan favourite.Update 4.5I am going to change this review to be a recommendation (with caution) , considering the game itself is pretty good and the amount of hours I've played purely on raid mode."
76561198117360417,Not Recommended,287290,29283077,Posted: 15 January,all,Talwin3k,disapointing you just get to play 2 slightly difering versions of the same level
,Recommended,287290,20014455,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The great pistacho,Gud
76561198141251045,Recommended,287290,22084791,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,KraKen,nice game
,Recommended,287290,22223928,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,| Lion |,"Its scary, good game"
,Recommended,287290,20607564,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,neptoess,This is the first Resident Evil since 4 that pays homage to the survival horror aspects of the earlier games in the series.
76561198068378213,Recommended,287290,20620044,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TripleHeAI,Nice game >_<
,Recommended,287290,22069080,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Snoop.,Not bad
76561198124851774,Recommended,287290,22175261,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,2K,Great game!
,Recommended,287290,22030047,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Draconic_Kid,"Not bad for an arcade kind of game. The stories were short, puzzles simple, and buying per chapter is a scam - on;y buy a complete pack if you are to buy it at all. Raid mode is interesting, and fun for sure."
76561198256522443,Not Recommended,287290,25451473,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cristina,ccact
,Recommended,287290,23683723,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Старый товарищ во,"This is a very good game, compared to the picture than the sixth generation of improved, but there is no good six generations, operating more difficult operation, the story is very good, worthy of biochemical crisis fans give it a try"
,Recommended,287290,22009356,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,XNyst,good game
76561198215261732,Recommended,287290,31284878,Posted: 21 April,all,DOPExFLUTTERSHY,great game
,Recommended,287290,28096165,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,Darksouls meets resident evil.10/10 would dodge for 1 hour straight.
76561198015858126,Recommended,287290,25967153,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Raymond Reddington,the little girl becomes evil at the end... muhahahahahaahaahaaa
76561197960858183,Recommended,287290,31293476,Posted: 22 April,all,dawgbad,"RE:R2 is an interesting take on the RE franchise. the camera can be a little silly at times, and maps in raid mode take a second to buff and render, which is uncommon in modern games, but not too big of a deal. there are some cool maps and scenarios taken out of RE:R1 and RE6 and i believe i even saw something from RE:5, i'm a fan of homage. overall pretty satisfying RE installment, definitely feels much different from the main RE franchise, but still holds the overall feel you'd expect from any RE release. i recommend"
76561198357078315,Recommended,287290,32888488,Posted: 27 June,all,vittorioG88,"Can somebody help me ???,I just finished episode 2 and they say to buy episode 3How to install?????"
,Recommended,287290,15206437,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,xXSnakExX,"Great athmosphere great sooting great horror, great gameeeee"
,Not Recommended,287290,22393647,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Kit,"Dissapointing. A game built for co-op, without co-op.Instead you get a singleplayer game (built for co-op) where you have to control both characters, and at times this gets both messy and extremely frustrating.The addition of online co-op would have made this an exceptional game. Yet another one to toss in the pile of Capcom 'bad decisions'"
,Recommended,287290,25412041,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,OpenGLmaster1992,spooky
76561197992639718,Not Recommended,287290,23909420,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lixeiro_demon,"Okay graphics, even for current standards.Controls and general gameplay are terrible. You can't properly aim, the camera bugs when you enter small rooms (which happens 90% of the time), turning 180º around all by itself and making you readjust it every single time.I couldn't stand 20 minutes of this game, and I'm a great fan of this genre."
,Not Recommended,287290,23901107,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ualati,"For the price I paid, roughly £1, the ""game"" is not bad. It's worth mentioning that this game is episodic meaning you are only buying PART of the game for that price.The first episode took me roughly 3 hours to complete,though will likely take less time for other people, as I was fully exploring the game due to the fact I believed I actually had a full game. (Likely my own fault for not paying enough attention when buying the game in the first place and forgetting what Capcom are like)The gunplay is okay, but nothing special. At times forces you to conserve ammunition making the game more tense, but this mostlyfrustrating as the damage done to enemies seems almost random at times.The movement of the characters is horrible, the evasion system seems to do almost nothing at all as they will still hit you and trying to kite larger enemies is difficult and pointless.Overall I can't reccomend this game."
,Recommended,287290,14995098,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Captain Falcon,Why is it when a new RE game is released I end up disappointed.  Online features arent present (allegedly this will be patched and featured)  Id still prefer to play this on CoOp.Gore is lack luster compared to RE6 and still no decapitations :(Still the game is good.  Improved alot over the original Revelations.Characters however are boring and Barry could of been better!7/10
,Recommended,287290,29063456,Posted: 6 January,all,☯ meatwagøn,Decent horror game experience
,Recommended,287290,24533348,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jon Gold I,how do i play coop missions in this game but not from the same pc
,Recommended,287290,26341161,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pistoleiro,Compra não mas Jog Aele
76561198138272368,Recommended,287290,24669177,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jackyang1993,best game ..... killing zombie
,Recommended,287290,25827406,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kixolisjous,"IntroAfter spending around 12 hours of easy puzzle solving, playing a dad figure for a little girl, going ham as a female freeman AND slaughtering zombies and monstrous mutated dehumanized organic thingies On Stream! This journey has finally come to an end and its review time.As a longtime Resident Evil fan I quiet enjoyed this game from start to finish. There were of course moments close to the end where I just wanted to end it, because it became a little too repetitive and predictable. But that’s just MY personal opinion and feelings towards it.GameplayAs for Gameplay, the game focuses on a strong third person shooter action playstyle, with some secrets, semi horror jump-scares and exploration. If you have ever played any third person shooter, it’ll instantly feel familiar (Tho be warned that you will have to play with V-sync in order to escape the terrible screen tearing in this game, and so your aim might get affected by this)Exploration and secret-wise, the game feel like it has taken a lot from its oldest predecessors (RE 1,2,3) and I feel a little nostalgic going through the levels looking for shines to progress the level or to advance my character with weapons, modifications, utilities and health oriented stuff.Other than that, they have added a skill unlock system where you are graded at the end of each chapter and episode, and from that grade a score which is converted into a currency will appear which you can use to upgrade you characters through a skill tree. Except from the vision radius increase of Natalia, I did not really care much about it.StoryWhen it comes to the story, it is told through a great narrative where we follow 4 playable protagonists, and 1 unplayable antagonist. The story takes place on a deserted Island where the antagonist has set up a research platform which is doing some questionable bio-experiments (without spoiling anything)You play as Clair Redfield and Moria Burton in one segment, and Barry Burton and Natalia in the other. Through the game you will constantly be switching though these pairs to experience the story from different perspectives. It’s really hard to say much about the story without spoiling anything, so I’ll leave you with this: It’s a good Resident Evil story with a few twists and turns and its worth buying just for the story.GraphicsGraphically the game is OK. It’s not the best, but not the worst ether. But it looks a little dated.Music and soundMusic and sound-wise the game is again just OK. The weapons sound are kind of… well not too impactful, and the music was just so plane and boring that I ended up turning it off at the very start of the game. Everything else is just OK, OK.Final wordAll in all the game was a good playthough. Very few bugs and crashes to mention and the game ran smoothly almost all the time. A few things to mention is that this is an episodic game, and that can turn some people off, so buying it on sale where everything is included is not a bad idea. Also this game was clearly meant for CO-OP since you will have to change a lot between the characters at any given time to take full advantage of their skills and abilities.The only downsides that I can think of from the top of my head, are the boss fights. They are just horribly bad… No fun what so ever… Every one of them felt the same and there were no interesting mechanics in play on ether one of them. Not to spoil but the final boss was the easiest and the worst of them all. Also the 2 last episodes (which are marked as extra) are locked behind a paywall, so if you want to know what happens after the ending, you will have to pay extra for the story (which I think is a really cash grab choice considering how the game ends)All in all the game was (as mentioned at the beginning) a good game and fun to play through. If you are a Resident Evil fan, or just a fan of semi-horror third person shooters, I would highly recommend you check this game out.P.SYou do not need to have played any previous Resident Evil games to play this one.YouTube Playthrough Playlisthttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL32qZ0ZH01zjHD87_tPEopHIol0BVi8xA"
,Recommended,287290,26332057,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Maverick Hunter X,"I haven't finished this game yet but the experience of playing the first episode gives a good idea on what this game is all about.Resident Evil Revelations 2 has the atmosphere of fear that the first game offered with more added on the side.  Revelations 2 has better graphics, more intriguing story, and better gameplay mechanics.  It basically reminds me of Resident Evil 4's story and fear factor with the graphics of Resident Evil 5/6.Just buy the game and find it out yourself."
76561198057473176,Recommended,287290,24571010,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DrkKnightSilver,"The game played much like RE4 in my opinion, alos a bit of alan wake too. Over all i have only played the first ep but i do want to get the rest to finish the story"
76561198110351981,Recommended,287290,26334058,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,PitNassif,Awesome game! If you manage to get it during one of Steam's sales don't hesitate.
,Recommended,287290,26349809,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Drewkemia,People always give the Resident Evil series crap for what I think are great games. I got this on sale for like 70 cents and got about 3 hours of game time. And that's not even counting the raid mode. The revelations series proves that the resident evil series has not lost the survival horror aspects.
,Recommended,287290,28991721,Posted: 3 January,all,Vue19EC|<,BUY IT. METAL RESIDENT EVIL GEAR.
,Recommended,287290,29032813,Posted: 5 January,all,Rainfun,"Tipical Resident Evil Horror, and my poo already came outA lot people said Resident Evil 6 is a great game but not a good Resident Evil because it is not scary enough, well, maybe they are right, and now this game will make them satisfy. This is a nice game fullfilling with surprise (I mean, scary sh*t). And  this game make me decide not to buy RE7, just let me youtube it... Resident Evil 6 is good (scary) enough for me..."
,Recommended,287290,26089242,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MARLBORO MAN,"This is one of the best Resident Evils I've ever played! I was so so carrieed away by the story and all those designer features they came up with. There are TONS and TONS of PROs. As for CONs, I think that THE STRUGGLE DLC might've been better. An awesome side story but with a Serious Sam mechanics doesn't really fit.The game is on my personal BEST not out of all other Resident Evils but out of all games I've ever played (and I've played enough).I really hope Moira's story will be continued:)"
,Recommended,287290,26236825,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"For the price of £0.84, you obviously get Episode One of Resident Evil Revelations 2 (this is on a sale, though). And let me tell you it is so much worth it!! The game does in fact have quite a bit of content to play through - the main story took me around 2 hours or more to beat and it was alright to be honest - the story is quite decent and leaves the player with a lot of questions at the end inevitably leading onto the other purchasable chapters. But what I must say to you is that you MAY want to buy the other chapters too! Due to how much fun I actually had, I think I may! While the actual mission environments are really closed off and give this claustrophobic feel to them, it is also really dark and maybe even a bit creepy. Unfortunately though it wasn't too scary. I haven't played RE4 but I surely am interested to! A scary game I have played would be Dead Space and this game doesn't exactly come close. However other than the story mode there is the Raid mode which is essentially a shooting gallery in much different environments (first raid mission is in a snowy environment, which is not present in the first episode of the story) to the main story mode. Graphics aren't too good or too bad, but it runs at a silky smooth 60fps through and through. Gameplay is pretty good and in the second half of EP1 it felt a lot like The Last of Us, which is certainly a good thing. At one point I was really frustrated due to continuous fail but regardless this game was a lot of fun and I certainly am looking forward to playing the other episodes!For £0.84, don't let this one pass you!!"
76561198255265448,Recommended,287290,24576312,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,khalid_babbu,Simply the best.
76561198047685041,Recommended,287290,25464262,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Boosted,"This game is ok but story plot can be better.Some tips that I know about Raid mode:~ AMR, Rifle & Bottles are overpowered in raid mode.~ You can only destory weapon to get parts back so make sure to equip properly~ Make sure one of your weapon equipped with special ammo effect (flame/eletric/freeze), it'll help aganist Revenant~ Homing ammo are pretty useful if you're lazy to aim like me but make sure to aim close to the enemies~ Get the magic pixie passive abilities so you will not get instakill unless for some special occassions, invisible bug, etc.~ Grind Chris about level 35 and then inherit rocket lanucher abilities because it's the fastest way to get rocket lanucher~ Always do daily mission for free exp, gold and life crystals.~ If you're hosting the game, the game will determite your character max level not your parther's character max level so that means your parther will be forced to change the character max level to you'r character max level~ Get about 450 medallions and beat the final boss in Omega stage to unlock and farm rainbow albums in Code Red only (I'm not sure which stages are the best)~ Make sure to participate in event mission to get powerful weapons and exlcusive characters skinP.S Today I just got a rainbow Handgun Tripleshot albums and I was grinding for SP and totally didn't expect to get a rainbow albums. Thanks CAPCOM! :P"
,Recommended,287290,20165254,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kyoya242,"Episode 1 Review : Contanis spoiler of the Game and the Resident Evil series alert bewareRevelations 2 start after the conclusion of RE 5. We play as our beloved Claire Redfield the sister of Chris Redfield, Moira Burton who is the daughter of Barry Burton who only features in two games (RE1/REHD and basicly if you get a perfect ending in RE3 he appears as a cameo in the ending where Barry flew of Jill and Carlos before the Racoon City destruction), and also we play as the one liner of lockpicking and sandwiches Barry Burton, and the mysterious little Girl Natalia.Claire and Moira who is now part of Terrasave, is trapped and kidnapped by an unknown entity in a mysterious Island and they must Survive that's the first part of Episode 1, and we play as Barry and Natalia 6 months prior of Claire and Moira Kidnapping.I have to say that i really like this game, From the first Revelations game i'm amaze how capcom listen to the fans by giving us the Survival Horror roots that Resident evil has stray away since 5 and 6 ( and boy was 6 is so Stupid ).This is the Resident evil we want, and i applause how capcom move away from the comfort zone, and do a leap of faith in the franchise.GAMEPLAY :+ Gameplay mostly doesn't change from Revelations 2 , so if you love the Revelations 1 than you will love the Second one.+ More Survival Horror than the First revelations.+ Intense gameplay with the real survivor horror root, you must think before you shoot or react- kinda wonky control especially when running and dodging- stealth in Claire sections seems useless, especially that there's a completion medal in Claire section where we have to do a stealth killStory :I can't give a Pro and Cons of the story, because it's basicly a 2.5 hours tutorial and story building episode, so i'm staying neutral and won't critic itAtmosphere :+ The important thing of Survival Horror is the atmosphere, and yes REV 2 deliver us the old scholl claustrophobic,horror, intense, scary atmosphere of old school RE, and also kind of open are in Barry section remind me of RE 4.Graphic :+/- an okay graphic really, not bad or that great. RE 5 still has the best graphic among all RE gamesPrice Value :For a full value (even though i bought it at the 84% discount) i think episode 1 is worthy of the asking price, especially with the Campaign Replaybility and the addiction Raid Mode. With a 2.5 hours campaign and probably more than 4 hours of addicting Raid Mode that makes us into 8 hours of content so yeah it's worth of it full price.Raid mode :aaaaahhh the Raid More, the one i've been playing for 6 hours grinding to get that sweet weapons and parts. It's the same as REV 1 which is fun an addicting, and i love it so much. Trying different Character and weapons is satisfying as hell.in the conclusion i give this game a 7.5 / 10A solid and interesting start, i just love we finally get to play as Claire again since Code Veronica X, she's my favourite character in RE series, but the first episode sadly serve as a tutorial story and gameplay so that what makes the grade hurt for me. If you a RE fan and tired on feels RE 6 strips out of RE lore and Gameplay, this game is for you.Can't wait to buy the rest of the Episodes"
,Recommended,287290,22725281,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gromhunter,"I think after finishing Resident Evil Revelations 2 or BIOHAZARD...(in scary titular voice from all resident evil menus, don`t really know why they didn`t change that) i can somewhat sum up my impressions of expectations.So, in process of summing up sum of my sums i discovered that revelations 2 is not that bad of a game but it segmented nature  turned out to be somewhat a turnoff.I like exploration in persistent enviroment, not item hunting and spatial navigation with occasional monster shooting on long road from point A to point B.Thinking about it - previous sentence perfectly describes om mechanical level all entirety of RESEVREV2.And that what was my personal downside. In first game i liked level design of the boat. We spent long sequences in different areas of that boat, we grew accustomed to it. Occasional distractions in form of shooty-shooty levels were just distractions.I guess Capcom tried to gauge audience reaction to as much different ideas and gameplay styles as they could. My only wish that it will really help to improve next big RE installment.Anyways this game was good, although i don`t see myself replaying it in near future.1 episode - 123 out of banana2,3,4 - two bananas out of Ben affleckMoira - Fock out of 10In conclusion i would defintely rate this game as opposing to not rating it and miss out on opportunity to rate it."
76561198053223693,Recommended,287290,25025093,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,T r a u,"Mind Blown...Dint expect this kind of game for less than a Dollar. Amazing.It has the best of RE 4 and some of the excitement of RE 1 and 2.Plus, the RAID mode is great!"
76561198108294244,Recommended,287290,25026491,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Heavyweapons Person,I got this game for .77 and I only got the base game with ep.1 but Probably would have paid 5$ easy for itIt is very good so lets move onSingle player/Story modeThey did the character control in a very cool way one chararcter shoots and one can only meleewhich sometimes scarred me knowing I could only get close but the game was still alot of fun.Raid modeHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥this was alot of fun you just do missions get guns level up and play with friends hell raid mode is worth it
76561198019286606,Not Recommended,287290,19453581,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,satyreslym,"Freezes in the first level for me. Everybody says, there is no fix, what a scam. Hours played not correct."
,Recommended,287290,23610170,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Qu1N,Not really a big fan of third-person game.But 1$? Deal.
,Not Recommended,287290,15879772,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MLG Snake,The steam sale is extremely misleading as someone that doesn't keep track of all this dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I bought the game for $3 expecting to play the game and after chapter one im prompted to pay $20 more dollars to finish the game ♥♥♥♥ this.
76561197973783148,Not Recommended,287290,22903942,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EtherX,"Decent story line but the game is too buggy, I have to keep verifying the game cache for episode 3 Barry on the locked gate to the mine.  Keep getting stuck at this place with the door glitch.  Action in the game is cool however items are under utilized such as bandages and disinfectant.  Those items are not necessary at all in the game.  AI is way too dumb and there is no coop story line in Steam only available in LAN.  Disappointed with this."
76561197997134945,Recommended,287290,14683801,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jarxberg,"After playing through episode 1:It's a good Resident Evil game and a worthy sequel to Revelations 1, which was one of my favourite RE games. It's not a cover shooter. At times there can be a shortage of ammunition if you are not careful, and the enemies feel dangerous. This makes it feel more like a survival horror game. There is about 2 hours of story gameplay in this first episode. You also get to play as Barry, which is great! There are some funny references to RE1.The graphics feel rather dated. This is not a problem to me personally as long as the gameplay is good, but to some it might be an issue. I haven't noticed any dramatic framerate drops.I have tried a few missions in the Raid mode and it's pretty fun. Gives something to do while waiting for the next episode.+ Gameplay is enjoyable+ Barry effing Burton!+ Raid mode- Graphics feel about 5 years old- Sometimes enemies get stuck on doorframes etc.- Something tells me people are not pleased with the missing local co-op, so let's mention it here...+/- Episode structure. I hope I'm still interested when the next one comes outImperfect but fun game so I'm going to give it two out of two thumbs up."
,Recommended,287290,22014509,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Equinox💕,"Grind: when you do the same thing over and over to obtain something you cannot purchase.Get ready to ♥♥♥♥ing grind! Never found a rainbow weapon in 98 hours, only found 3 lvl 100 weapons so far.Money doesn't help you in this game, crapcom wants you to grind your life away."
76561198046848639,Not Recommended,287290,14827217,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,b0Bm3h,"I would strongly reccomend not buying this game at the current time due to the possibilty of having FPS issues. I have only got 10 minutes in and I am stuttering so bad that I cannot even look at the screen without feeling sick. The gameplay itself on other platforms is fantastic, and it is a really great game worth a buy. The PC version however, has way too many problems with it and it should really be look at.Update: As of now, I somehow got the game to run at a decently playable level. The story, mechanics, and combat are fun. If there was a patch for the game that would come out to address some of the bugs, I would really reccomend the title.The Character mechanics alone make for some interesting single player game play.Also, inventory managment makes a triumphant return. You have to balance health items, weapon parts, secondary weapons, and ammo as you go along to make sure that you are going to be able to pick up helpful items."
,Not Recommended,287290,14649896,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,La Noirceur,Where is coop?
76561198258975481,Recommended,287290,32818956,Posted: 26 June,all,jacoblee2424,"I LOVE THIS GAME, IF I WERE YOU, I WOULD BUY IT"
76561198073970178,Recommended,287290,14790067,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bloodeye-Make,Jill sandwich is back
,Recommended,287290,14718197,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,0x10F2C,i want to believe
76561197970528471,Not Recommended,287290,14648850,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,-DI- R3dl1ne,"wow First episodes out and DAM it was really Short i would advise to wait to buy this  until reviews for ep2,3, and that so on come out**updated 18/03/2015**After playing all episodes  some episodes was sorter than other's and 4 episodes wasnt enough a good story  the plot to the story line was very short and lame , the team who made this needs to be fired and the team from RE/Rev1 needs to make the games for RE for now on , i give this a 4/10 rating in my book being a res fan amm quite unhappy with this game"
76561198042703586,Not Recommended,287290,14669470,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BeefPudding,lied about local coop. do not buy
,Recommended,287290,14686803,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rygaku,Overlooking the fact that leader boards are completely messed up when uploading andmultiplayer not even working it is a good game. Hopefully the game will be fixed so peoplecan enjoy it in its full potential. I will say however do not buy the game now but wait till all themajor problems is fixed before doing so.-Glorious leader out.
,Not Recommended,287290,14668810,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JakeArtistIV,"Such a Dissapointment..The Game itself is actually quite good, but the PC version itself is horribleThis is my very first negative review of a game on steam and I'm sorry to say that this runs like absolute crap on most machines. some lucky few can run it, plenty cannot. and crashes seem to happen with a lot of people trying to experience raid mode which is a damn shame.My Entire First hour of this game was HORRIBLE I start it up, notice the slow down on the start screen and am like ""ok I'll just have to tweek the settings"" so i watch the cutscene for the game everythings all fine of course. then I get to the game, and this is where things get insanely annoying. the game stutters constantly no matter what settings you have on, literally the only decent way to play at one point was to put the resolution to 800x600 and even then it was still bad. I reach the area where u get your first gun...and this was the worst, such simple areas with some blood and guts on the floor causes my s*** to freak out and freeze almost constantly. the very first encounter was ruined because of this. I was not enjoying the game at all. I was fighting the game for how it played rather then caring about what was actually going on in the game. after that it got a tiny bit better. but this is just unacceptable. I will NOT return to the story again if the games optimization is not fixed. imagine trying to go through invisible enemy mode with constant stutters and freezes. its unfair, frustrating, and not fun.Raid Mode as I said before has crashed for a lot of people or has had people stuck on uploading results. this has not happened for me at all so far and I have beaten pretty much every mission there is with a level 43 Hunk that I have as of this review. but of course I had my settings on the lowest ones possible and on a resolution of 1240x768 (something like that) and most stuff in the levels is blurred out obviously and still runs like garbage. I really do enjoy playing the game when it does work somewhat decently. but this is not the way I should be experiencing the game. neither should anyone else go through this.I prey that this gets patched so nobody has to go through the trouble like many others have and to get a well optimized and fun experience from this game. which is what it should be. but as of now it is NOT worth a purchase since it is near unplayable."
,Not Recommended,287290,14659520,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hazzerone,"Avoid like the plague.I'm running this game with an i5 4690k and a Sapphire R9 290 Tri-X which is totally overkill for this game and the amount of dropped frames and jittery movements of the player models and panning of the camera angle makes this game look even more disgusting than the dated graphics would have you believe.I spent £5 because I thought ""hmmm a cheap RE title, I might as well give it a try"" - my word of advice - DON'T!I got 36 minutes of gameplay from the mission which was even drawn out by the fact I had died 4 times (most times due to backing up into spinning blades due to the totally glitched audio which I shall get on to in a second). I've attempted to play the ""RAID mode"" and I once beat it within 6 minutes...and then the game crashed trying to save that data. My other 7 or 8 attempts to start this mode has resulted in a crash of the game.As other people have stated the description of this game is a straight-up lie. There is no offline or online co-op to speak of.Something which I noticed which nobody else has really seemed to mention in these reviews is how the audio in this game is just downright broken. For anyone that doesn't already know, this game incorporates the usage of 2 characters at all times where they attempt to help eachother out and overcome challenges and ""puzzles"". Every now and then these characters exchange utterances, and if you are unfortunate enough to pan your camera angle a few degrees half-way through their mindless chatter then it will sound as though one character is letting out a slight murmur from several miles  away.Another thing which people fail to point out is how downright atrocious the control settings are. I'm a PC gamer through-and-through and the mouse control is completely unusable because the default sensitivity has you doing 360 degree spins at the slightest movement - and to make matters worse is the total lack of ""mouse sensitivity"" setting available. Plugging in a 360 controller remedies this issue somewhat - but even then there is no option available to alter controller sensitivity.£5 for a quarter of a ""game"". 36 minutes of gameplay, dated visuals, among the worst optimisation I've seen of any PC release ever, lies on the store page, half of the game modes are literally broken, faulty audio and uninspiring control settings.1/10 Would only recommend as a torture device."
76561198100695964,Not Recommended,287290,14658239,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Futa Führer,"This game has so much potential, it’s a shame to see that Capcom has ruined the PC port.  First the objective stuff, then the personal complains:[OBJECTIVE] = First off, the main story mode is basically unplayable.  The game lags constantly, often just straight-up freezing when there are more than two people on screen (which, since you are always with an AI companion, is anytime there is a single enemy on screen).  I have fiddled with the settings more than I care to discuss, and nothing works.  Looking online, some people suggest locking the fps, others suggest unlocking it, some suggest turning v-sync off, some suggest turning it on; basically, no one has any idea how to fix this mess.  I’m not going to go into a long, detailed description of my specs, but suffice it to say that I can run games with much larger environments, more effects, better graphics, and better, well, EVERYTHING without any issues.  I was able to get raid mode to work, but even then it jittered here and there.Also, the camera is “sticky”; when you move the camera while aiming it lags for a second (just the reticule, not the whole game) and then zips up to its proper speed.  As I’m sure you can imagine, this makes getting head shots, or, rather, ANY type of shot very difficult and frustrating.Based on all the other reviews, I know I am not the only one having these issues.  I would not recommend getting this game until people start to say that they are fixed.[PERSONAL] = There are just so many design choices that make no sense.  First of all, why are custom parts locked to guns in raid mode?  Half the fun in RE Revelations was experimenting to see what was optimal.  Who cares if there are tons more custom parts now; no one is going to risk wasting time and money on a new, totally-strange gun load out if you have to destroy the gun to get the parts back or destroy the parts to get the gun back.  It’s supposed to make you really consider whether you want to put parts onto a gun, but everyone is just going to go with the tried-and-true parts like increased damage or increased magazine size and then destroy the gun to roll those parts over to a new gun of the same type when they get one.And then there is Moira Burton, the workshopped-to-death punk girl wannabe who is constantly freaking out about all the blood and gore and violence around her.  Now, yes, it is reasonable that a girl of her age and background would act this way but that does not make it any less annoying.  This is RESIDENT EVIL; blood and gore are as common as bad dialog here.She also has this weird thing with guns in that she won’t use them or even acknowledge them, really.  When you get your first gun, right after the two of you were nearly killed by an enemy (who then went on to brutally murder another girl in front of you two, more on her in a second) she asks, “are you going to use that?”  No, Moira, I’m going to stick it in my butt so I can play Russian roulette every time I sit down.Yes, yes, her aversion to guns is supposed to allude to some tragic event in her past but WE ARE IN A SURVIVAL SITUATION, MOIRA.  It's bad enough that I have to switch to you to find hidden items and kill stunned enemies, but can you at least harden up and stop talking to me?Last, and certainly not least in my list of petty complaints: do you remembers Rachel Foley, the super-hot blonde combat specialist from RE Revelations?  Did you like having her in raid mode?  You did?  Well, good news!  RE Revelations 2 has her ugly, brown-haired, glasses-wearing, office-nerd sister!  Isn’t that just GREAT?!Now, I would like to note that I am posting this on Feb. 25th, the day of release of the first episode on steam.  Once all of the episodic content is out the lag issues, stickiness issues, and the lack of Rachel Foley might be fixed (since they are releasing more raid mode characters with each episode); if they are then please disregard those complaints.That being said, Capcom still chose to release this game with all of the lag and stickiness.  It just goes to show why you should never, ever pre-order a game even if it is from a company you respect and trust.  I don’t think this will be my last Capcom game, but it will certainly be the last game that I ever pre-order.TL;DR = Lots of potential, but bogged down by horrible lag.  Wait until all of the episodes are out and then see what people are saying about how it runs."
76561198012034027,Not Recommended,287290,14680809,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Simple_Hero,"When you are a company and you release information about a game being coop, then you better make sure that before you want to launch the game that it is made to what the gamer is promised. I see details of coop not just in campain but also in Raid Mode. Capcom has released a game before it was finished and says that they did not mean for players to think that the game had a local coop mode even if the game itself shows features of it."
,Not Recommended,287290,14657010,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ChRiSkUn,Poor Capcom... =/ Port again?No Offline Coop?#BadIdea
,Recommended,287290,14684003,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mei,"As of 2/27/2015, the game is mostly playable save some raid maps which slow down to a slideshow. I'm running an X4 860k paired up with a 750ti. It's really not that bad, I can usually keep 60fps running at max. I don't think the issue deserves a negative rating as I'm sure it will get patched sooner or later (optimistic). Edit: It's fixed.The game itself is solid. However, coming from the prespective of someone who played RE6 a lot, the mechanics are a step down. I'm not sure if it's the game or just the port, but the controls seem a little rigid, especially the running and aiming. It has nuances that you have to keep in mind. Specifically, while your character is in a sprint, you have to only press forward and change direction with the mouse. If you try to move left or right with the keyboard, it will shift the camera in that direction. This wouldn't be a problem normally, but the speed it changes the view is too fast. It's minor, but having the reverse controls would have made more sense (ala RE6).The story is typical. It has a much more ""horror"" feel (still not very scary, but it does get tense). The first episode is laughably short. Anybody can go through it in 3 hours at most. It almost felt like a tutorial. I'm really hoping the next episodes will be much longer.Partner switching is back! This is the best addition, in my opinion I feel like this is neglected a lot. Claire gets Moira while Barry gets Natalia. Moira initially gets to use the flashlight which can stun enemies which allows you to either melee them, or switch to Claire to follow up with a ranged attack, you can then switch again to keep stunning the enemy. Switching back and forth is very fun, and finding ways to circumvent enemies with both characters is satisfying. Barry's Natalia takes more planning as she can throw a brick once before having to retreive another. This makes sense as the enemies you encounter in Barry's story are slower while they are faster in Claire's. This great design in play, and Capcom is not getting any recognition for it.Raid mode, what can I say. It's fun. It's no mercenaries, though. Progress by beating missions and upgrade your skills and weapons. I'm not a fan of the weapon upgrade system, a lot of the time it feels like RNG, but at least you're never totally underpowered and having to keep up with new weapons does mix things up a bit.I recommend the game to the Resident Evil fans. For everyone else, please know what you are getting. A solid game with a few hiccups. It's not broken like some others are making it out to be."
76561198020085437,Recommended,287290,14683329,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Nokzen,I kinda liked it :) it was even a bit scary at times :)Even tho it is a bit arcade-ish but i guess the Resident Evil games have always been that.http://youtu.be/_dk3UDSeJJg
,Not Recommended,287290,24774603,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,OkDude,what kinda Crap is this. you pay for a game you can only get thru piece by piece. have to pay for dlc to finish it. video games these days. i would recomend it but why not just make a full game and release it. this is dumb.
,Recommended,287290,14705189,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Squid3733,"I recommend this game firstly to a fan of Resident Evil who can enjoy it's nurmerous changes in game design (I'm mainly stating this because of the recent remaster of the re-released remake of Resident Evil 1). The weekly episodes is something I'm new to, never got to play Telltale's Walking Dead series. So, I think it's pretty cool, because not only do I have an extended value of the game, it's Raid mode has more replay value than expected. Having the game released in episodes, at the price of $6, seems justifiable. The online store is only there if I want to actually spend more money on the game, entirely up to my decision. I'm never reminded of the online store anywhere in the game, aside from opening the in-game store and the red crystal icon, which is so small its not even annoying.The game does have its far share of problems though, one being the dropping of frame rate in certain areas of the campaign and on certain maps of raid mode that I guess require a lot of rendering. It confuses and irrates me particularly because, for me personally, similar maps on different difficulties will drop frame rate dramatically. My laptop can handle other games at max settings with ease, so this is a problem the developers will need to fix for the community, and I'm sure they will because they are releasing weekly and bugs/problems show up regardless of any game.If you can get past the rough edges of this game, then I hope you'll enjoy it, because I enjoy it immensly for what it is and I'm excited to see what happens in the following weeks of the game."
76561198025801087,Not Recommended,287290,14728688,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ez Souls,this eats the hole♥♥♥♥
76561198029656497,Not Recommended,287290,14740668,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CreepMimeCrasher,"Huge graphical and frame rate issues right from the get go, even on the lowest settings. Considdering this isn't the prettiest game to begin with, its quite staggering that capcom have released such a flawed product without proper road testing.Won't be playing/buying any more episodes until these issues are addressed with a patch."
,Recommended,287290,14716189,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MattRock93,Pros:Clair SandwichNew Master of Unlocking (Barry)Great StoryGreat Enemy TypesGreat EnvironmentCons:FPS DropsNeed the next episode now. Dont play raid mode so the DLC doesnt affect me plus dont play local co-op
76561198080531807,Not Recommended,287290,14653779,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jugger is ma bitch,please why i always crash everytime open inventory and upgrade weapon??
76561198156799913,Not Recommended,287290,14662802,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,metalpowerd,"The game itself has really good potential; unfortunately, it is a really bad port for PC. The specs are the same as RE 6, but it does not run nearly as smoothly. My PC met the recommended specs and even went beyond, yet it is only kind of playable with a 800x600 resolution and most graphic settings on low. Obviously, it looks like crap. Well done Capcom."
,Recommended,287290,14715588,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,OohLaLaAiden,"This game wasn't at all what i expected but I was still blown away. I am a massive fan of Resident Evil and never miss a game. I was expectng this game to carry on in the vein of Revelations 1 but it seems to be more like RE6. The gameplay, graphics and especially the sound are all top notvh and can't be faulted. I did have a few problems running the game to start with, there was a lot of random frame dropping, but once that was sorted I was fully immersed. The first episode was amazing and felt like a throwback to the old days with it's zombies and overall atmosphere. The introduction of new enemies and characters is really keeping this series fresh and this is no exception.Highly recommend.9/10"
,Recommended,287290,14649527,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,"""MOIST BARREL OF ♥♥♥♥S!""-Moira Burton"
76561197999095516,Not Recommended,287290,14740646,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,brad.drew,Unplayabe due to horrible framerate.  Read the rest of the reviews and listen to what people are saying.  I wish I had.
,Not Recommended,287290,14676564,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,RGPlayer1000,"I do not recommand RER2 due to performance issues and no online campaign/raid co-op right now. But it doesn't mean RER2 is totally bad at all.The first episode has decent story for the beginning, the atmosphere of RER2 is good even it has some meh dialogue ( but I like some reference like Claire Sandwich :D). Campaign is bit short but has lots replay value to keep your character stronger and preparing for next episode.RAID mode is the one of the reason I decide to purchase episode1. It's fun, well paced and deep. Shame is its offline mode only for now and it gets lots(but unnecessery)DLC trying to dry your wallet. But, still can't wait until it getting online.As I said, I don't recommand RER2 right now. But it's decent game and I am surly enjoy it. Crapcom, plz fix the game and lei it become a decent RE game."
76561197972364092,Not Recommended,287290,14668154,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lockey,"After playing single player and raid mode for a bit, I give this a ""meh"". It's not terrible, but not a game I can wholeheartedly recommend.The price isn't that bad, and the DLC (besides the episodes themselves) is entirely optional. The main game mode is pretty much what you'd expect from a Revelations game. There has been very little development in terms of mechanics, and the controls feel a little clunky and unpolished, particularly with mouse and keyboard. The same goes for the graphics. This game could have easily been made several years back from the way it looks and feels. The story so far is typical RE fare and I am having trouble getting invested in it. Perhaps the later episodes will bring more interesting content and story. Perhaps not. I'm not holding my breath...If you absolutely need an RE fix, I guess there are worse things you could buy. To anyone else, I'd say it's not really an essential game to own. You won't miss much skipping it. It's definitely not the return to form I was waiting for."
,Recommended,287290,14645157,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wolfie,"Quite Good GameI been playing Resident evil since the first one was released in the 90's and its always nice to see new releases of the series. Now i first notice peoples been talking about FPS drops a lot, but i myself have not had any problems with the game at all.Good Graphics: They seem to have done a mixture of old style resident evil and new style wich i really enjoy seeing, plus this game is not like the first revelations wich was made for Nintendo 3Ds, so the graphical detail is quite good.Game Runs Smoothly: Im using MSI GTX 970 Gaming 4g, i5-4440 Processor, 12gig Ram, Windows 8.1 (No FPS drops at all, smooth all the way)Multiplayer/Co-Op: This is one of the reasons peoples are buying this game, if you have a friend or mate you often play with this should be a game to look for.For 25€ this game is nicely priced: Im not sure why they decided to ask so less from a brand new game, but the game really seems to be worth for the money.Only negative i could find about the game so far is that its being released in Episodes? this isint exactly any new concept due many games have done this but for a resident evil game i find it quite odd, but... if you can look past it, the game is surely a good one to consider buying."
76561198096223436,Not Recommended,287290,14668385,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,伝説的な オタク,"I'm currently running a 3.1 intel duo core processor with 4 gb of Ram and even with all the graphics turn down to their lowest, the game still lags like crazy. Do not purchase, because just like everyone that wrote something bad, if only we had listened to the review. Shame on you Capcom, just let Resident evil be remembered in piece and please stop making new R_E games, ""it's really sad""."
,Not Recommended,287290,21327459,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kosatkiin,"♥♥♥♥ing hate console ports, boring without coop and ♥♥♥♥ing dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥. :3"
,Recommended,287290,14730635,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,CS Hasuki,"Not sure what all the hate is about. Runs @ 1600p nicely for me. Only seen a fps drop once. The switching characters is pretty painless, controls are tight. Game looks lovely in spots. If you are not sure just pay a few euro for the first chapter.Anyway I'm happy with my purchase. Solid so far."
,Not Recommended,287290,14726582,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,oNIX,Selling the game in episodes?not have a coop  best frame drops !!
,Not Recommended,287290,15680998,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ark,"No campaign Co-op makes this game a waste of money.It has a planned split screen co-op for the campaign coming at some indeterminate point, which will be of use to precisely ♥♥♥♥ all people.It wouldn't even be that hard to make the campaign playable online, as they already have the networking on it for raid mode.I bought 2 copies of the first episode to try out the co-op, but with it's glaring absence, I wont bother putting any more money into this. The only consolation to wasting $20 on this♥♥♥♥♥♥is that I didn't buy the season pass.♥♥♥♥ing pointless"
76561198066144456,Not Recommended,287290,25412840,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Larry,"The Campaign of Claire should only exist in this game by judging how things are...Because Barry's Campaign and Raid mode smell fishy... why? I'll explain to you why... starting with what Raid mode is, Raid mode starts with a virtual body sitting on a chair and believe me, this Virtual body if you study it closely how the position is and movement you will notice that the waist and pubis are shaped like the ones on a woman's body which probably is copied from the Female model ""Claire Redfield"", and what surprises me that it has a male voice. But that's not all! There is also a female mannequin (I wonder why?) which gives you the choice to play Claire Redfield cloaked as other Characters. I highly recommend not to buy extra characters like Wesker or Hunk those are just another pair of Claire Redfield in disguise giving false or misleading appearance of Chris, Wesker, Leon, Hunk and rest of the Characters and I won't let this pass unnoticed and ignore it, and especially for the price of 2,49 to some characters... Isn't it kinda weird? how all the characters move and run holding their weapons and how they strafe and they do explode jumping motions and how they get wounded? That's obviously Claire Redfield's sexy ravishing moving butt in all of the characters! No matter what movement the player does, I can see that It's always Claire Redfield so means at this point I will only play Claire Redfield! Or maybe someone close to her way of moving... because seriously seeing a sexy female butt movement on men is bloody revolting, and I quite feel sorry for the people who play mainly males characters... Because I won't touch any of the ""male"" characters after the motions I saw on them! maybe most people can't see them or can't tell the difference... and.. well... good for you.. but for me? I'm sorry, I have a good eye. Until ""Capcom"" Doesn't apply an Update for a Created new move set of THE ""MOTIONS"" AND ""ANIMATION"" to these kinds of characters Leon, Chris, Wesker, Barry, Hunk-e.t.c. You can forget that I'm going to play male characters in this game. therefore by demanding this update... it will obviously make a big improvement to the game and much more fun and joyful to see different motions/animations coming from each & different male character... or even change between the female characters cause Jill doesn't dodge like an afraid little girl, she's a bloody acrobat... wouldn't you agree? And the taunts are 90% girlish... And you know what I did?! I gave a whole lot of girl taunts to Chris, Wesker, Leon, Hunk like dancing sexy lap dances and girly laughs!!! The best part is the reason why I did it...(hahaha) and the reason wasn't to be silly, or to joke around... but to MATCH (M-A-T-C-H) or correspond their passive walking strafe sprinting & girly amateur dodging...and much more! And finally to prove how the males really are in this game ""RESIDENT EVIL Revelations 2"" [for girls only]"". To summarize the things I listed up here... All I'm saying... is that it gives me a torment to see the men in this game copying all of Claire's emotions. Please leave me an ""Explanation about why did Capcom copy Claire's motions to the rest of the male characters including a Main Protagonist such as Barry Burton""."
,Recommended,287290,30024897,Posted: 18 February,all,Cantreena J.W.,"Nice game,now I'm just looking forward to the movie on February twenty fourth,hope the end movie of these series will be amazing."
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,287290,34828466,Posted: 8 September,all,Rickityr3kt,"1 step forward, 10 steps back. The supposed sequel to the original Revelations, gone are the scanner and intuitve dodge mechanics. Instead, you now control 2 characters at various times with one being useless (non combatative) when you switch. Controls are changed yet again. They doubled down on the episodic format and put in more dlc. Oh and no online co-op....for real. Don't waste your time or money unless you really love raid mode which apparently has an active community."
,Recommended,287290,14657419,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Some Creep,It's a hell of a lot better than The Evil Within
76561198065224703,Recommended,287290,14670278,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dante™,"The story game, and the movement control is good, but the Raid mode is a joke."
76561198099775606,Recommended,287290,14652435,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WhiteDevil,"PC Ver has No offline/online Co-op as of yet but I like what I've seen so far. A Darker and more moody atmosphere is present remiscient of the series horror-roots. I also like the new characters and the teamwork dynamics of the combat. Ammo/supplies are limited like they where back at the roots and so searching for hidden items is encouraged to help stay prepaired. Glad the arcady actio-feeling gameplay is seperate from the Story Mode and can be found  in Raid Mode to create a diverse mix of Survival Horror - Action. Its a fine addition to the game and will keep people clocking in those hours thanks to its RPG-Esque additive gameplay although the missions/gauntlets dont feel as varied as I would like but its enough would still like to have some of the challenge that was present in the orignal Raid Mode in Rev1. With its modest price-tag and mixture of content I deffinately reccomend.Edit: Still no online co-op for Story Mode, remains offline-local co-op only thanks to patch updates. However co-op offline & online are avliable in Raid Mode.I have put in nearly 300+ hours in-total and am chuffed with Rev2 an excellent step in the right direction for the series!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14657766,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,new user,this is a message to the owner  :   fix your ♥♥♥♥en game now  it lags every 3 seconds   you go walk freeze walk freeze  and thats how it goes  you need alot of paitants to be able to play this game if you dont  .  DONT BOTHER BUYING IT  its not worth the hassle
,Not Recommended,287290,25042419,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fatal,I feel like I paid money to play a beta.
76561197991330003,Not Recommended,287290,15843499,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mumblez,Capcom ripping off The Last of Us.
,Not Recommended,287290,15848870,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,AUTTARDEDEDEDEDEDEDED,Really had fun and JUST when it got really good it well.. Stopped now i need to pay MORE for the game i just got -_- Well played crapcom.
76561198084255650,Not Recommended,287290,14679288,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,That Okami Guy,Capcom wont get another dime from me.
76561198117450029,Recommended,287290,28096953,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,achilles,"I have to say, this game - a good horror, for those who are longing for the genre (yes good old RE). Less of it is that with all the authors wish to return to the origins of the series, the game, at times, she reminds hastily tailored monster. First of all, this course can be seen on an ad hoc basis. Also despite the interesting idea with the ""island of bad luck"", in which wandering heroes - location, often made clumsy, dull, and in themselves are transient (though setting with God-forgotten post-Soviet settlement itself-for-itself - an interesting choice). The species is also not a lot of enemies (but then they differ in at least some diversity, in contrast to the first part). To plot no complaints; misadventures of Claire and Moira follow interesting, and the story of Barry, who, along with a little girl looking for her daughter - imbued with (separately surprised by the presence of two endings (bad and good)). The game even has a couple of interesting puzzles. Graphics, predictably, so-so (but it can close your eyes). In ext. scenes are not played ( ""passed"" on YouTube, I do not regret what (boring running around and stealth, on familiar locations)).With all the advantages, the game was released a controversial (largely due to the fact that the budget is clearly not the biggest). But fans of the series, to miss its just not worth it."
76561197992194630,Not Recommended,287290,14763723,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Amazingmao,"Do NOT pay money for this crap.My PC exceeds recommended system requirement BY FAR, but the game still runs choppy even at the lowest possible settings and resolution.It is UNPLAYABLE and a waste of cash."
,Recommended,287290,25635713,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,hahabst1025,just forget to write a review
76561198030073113,Recommended,287290,14813350,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ArkRoyal,Loving this game so far. Finding the episodic release style frustrating as I always want more. Raid is a fantastic evolution of the Mercenaries format. The only downside for me at the minute is that the level choices for Raid are all from the latest series installments. I am hoping desperately for some classic levels from Residen Evil 1 - 3.
76561197999538099,Recommended,287290,14818970,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MrHatStick,"Great game, it was horrible at launch but now the game is turning out to be really good with the beta patches coming in soon! Coop! WOohoo!"
,Recommended,287290,14829135,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,RageJ 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,I like claire
,Recommended,287290,14841181,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CJNEMOzi™,"it's Awesome game of the year.Well done, Capcom."
76561198048559281,Not Recommended,287290,14737573,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,c8の守护神,Can not play at all! very very low fps! My pc is lenovo Y50-70 and unable to control the character in game!
,Recommended,287290,32924267,Posted: 28 June,all,/F4RZ\,"hey that's pretty good.EDIT: i bought the deluxe version, and played trough the main campaign.i really enjoy Raid mode even though it's the same thing over and over again, but it's still fun to playhours and hours of. this game get's a 9/10 for introducing me to a new franchise and making me likehorror games.Thank you Capcom!"
,Not Recommended,287290,20740164,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Katt,the particle effects are rendered by the CPU/processor instead of the GPU which is a bad and very stupid design decision.
,Recommended,287290,23574002,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Smellygoat235,Bought this game for $1... Enough said
,Not Recommended,287290,23606371,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,tomlacho,"Worth one dollar for sure. Weak gameplay, cheap design. No craftsmanship"
76561198035742557,Recommended,287290,14718337,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,orionlee,"Excellent game, no lag, no drop in FPS...just brilliant. I guess it's been fixed or the people that complained that it drop in FPS had low end systems, I had everything set to max and it ran smoothly."
76561198046972977,Recommended,287290,14710096,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,darthsouhel,"Really loved the 1st episode of the game :) definitely a step up in terms of tension and creepiness and less on the action. A huge step in the right direction towards the early title in the series.about the offline co-op : I dont know what the big deal is , this is supposed to be survival horror first and foremost , so in my opinion there should be no co-op at all. I admit it was a bit dicky on the part of capcom to not state the facts about the PC version of the co-op.would highly recommend this game ! 8.5/10"
76561197985926658,Recommended,287290,14909159,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Madcracka,"I have to say i was a little worried about this game at first, the bad feedback was concerning. However now that i have purchased the game and completed episode 3 i have to say i am Greatly enjoying this game, and would highly recomend this game to anyone who is a fan of survival horror games.if i was to criticize this game at all, i see no reason online multiplayer for the campaign is/was not a feature in this game. if anything could have made this game a blockbuster it would have been the ability to play with a friend online. the game already seems made for it. (moders make this happen, i will love you for it)BTW, can't speak for other people but i have not experenced one FPS drop playing this game. Not one.the only explanation i can think of is these people are playing on toasters. i by no means have a ""high end"" machine. (made it myself for $900) and it runs everything i want on the highest settings."
,Recommended,287290,14915483,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ตบโดยกระทะ,Very best story!
,Recommended,287290,14902809,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kyawn,"Another fun and enjoyable addition to the RE series, will be nice once all the episodes are out and full multiplayer is integrated in."
,Recommended,287290,14955782,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ZakkB,Cant move during the final boss and died because they forgot to put in movement. 10/10
,Recommended,287290,14944318,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,tsilver007,Great to see RE get back to business.  Enjoyed it.
,Recommended,287290,26849134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peon Redfield,Very good storyline ! A must have for resident evil fans !
,Recommended,287290,34534755,Posted: 27 August,all,★Dirty Sprite★,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets.- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest.- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed plates.Serve it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,287290,34090957,Posted: 7 August,all,LivingST,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а поко играл мать пришла и от♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ила,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ игра"
,Recommended,287290,16534852,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SinD,I FOKIN LOVE DIS GAYME MAN 8/8 I R8 M8♥♥♥♥♥that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the first chapter tho♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tortch♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Not Recommended,287290,14930689,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Knucklesfan1993,"I'm a big fan of Resident Evil, and the original Revelations on 3DS was one of the better entries in recent memory. RE2 has always been my fave, so when I heard this game would star Claire Redfield, one of my favorite video game characters, and it would be a sucessor to the fantastic 3DS game, I was all in. Unfortunately, the game is a huge letdown.Local co-op controversy aside, the game is a shoddy port. The game stutters and freezes horribly, and a game this ugly has no business doing that on my PC. It's especially bad if you die and have to reload a checkpoint. As the level loads again the game completely freezes, though enemies will still attack and kill you again while you're unable to play.Besides technical issues, the game is horribly unbalanced. There's two co-op partners who serve no purpose in this singleplayer only game, and since they can't effectively fight back they're a walking liability. You have to juggle between characters in the middle of combat to try and perform co-op actions and defend yourself at the same time. This becomes increasingly difficult, as the game throws you tons of enemies to fight and practically no ammo. It's like they tried to recapture what was fun in Revelations and RE4, but with the limited supplies of the classic games, and it does not mix. It's unbalanced and just plain unfun.I love Resident Evil, and the Raid mode is actually still okay(albiet made up of reused geometry from other RE games), but I cannot at all recommend this game. It's an unfinished, badly ported mess. Almost any other game in the franchise is a better buy than this."
76561198061566528,Not Recommended,287290,14931973,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Alexia51,"I waited for this game for months, pre-ordered it and when it finally came out, it was so poorly optimised I can barely play it. I had to grind my way through the first 3 chapters. It was so tedious I barely had any time to enjoy the atmosphere.The stutter and framedrop rob the game of all it's charm.It could have been on of the best...At this point, I just want to be done with it..."
,Recommended,287290,34367337,Posted: 20 August,all,EQOAnostalgia,"This is one of those games, yet again, where i wish you could give it a (meh, not bad) rating. Because it doesn't really deserve a thumbs down, but i personally wasn't thrilled with it. Oldschool fans will welcome the atmosphere of the Revelations games most definitely, but some things irritated me and i'm still not a big fan of the over the shoulder perspective. I honestly prefer to either zoom out into a fixed oldschool cam or just go straight into first person.That aside, the partner mechanics start to feel tedius quickly for the most part. Think of RE0 when you had to zap back and forth from Rebecca and Billy, only not nearly as eventful and zero sense of isolation that you experienced when you were away from your partner in that game, and that's a key element in how you solve puzzles, progress and even find helpful items... this is a big negative imo.Graphically the game looks good, sounds are all standard RE fare, controls are tight and responsive for the most part. The story was decent, but there is a certain point where the DUMBEST of actions literally changes your entire ending, it's a cheap and lazy way of telling the player ""oh hey look, you missed something, you should totally go back"" but you won't want to go back folks... because that multiplayer is a'callin!let's be honest here, the extra merc modes of yore are definitely an attracting force in RE games. I do enjoy this games take on it very much. I like the RPG elements they added to it and it's a hell of a lot of fun with a friend!So all in all, REV2 isn't a bad game at all, it just isn't really what i want as a RE fan, but that's okay, we are a very fractured fan base and i derived enough pleasure from this experience to deem it worth my time and money."
,Recommended,287290,14654265,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Azure Schakal,"Really enjoying RE:Rev2 at the moment. The campaign is intriguing, and really cuts it close in terms of supplies which is great, like the original games. Raid mode has been a blast for me, thoroughly enjoying it.There have been some jumpy frame-rate issues, but it's usually for a second or two, the the game syncs up, so hasn't really bothered me too much. They should patch up any issues relatively soon.The lack of offline co-op doesn't really phase me at the moment, but it's still a shame you have to wait for full release to get the online. Doesn't stop me from enjoying blasting Zeds' as HUNK :D"
,Recommended,287290,14668774,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,A piece of trash,fun as heck!! loving moria!! however.....claire is very ughly wth did they do to her face. im really unsatisfied with the fact that theres no multiplayer/co-op. my thoughts on that here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlT71RnGoUs
76561198075785572,Recommended,287290,14652501,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,swardy27,"Hello, First off I have been playing the Resident Evil games for along time and own most of them. So i understand how much the game has evolved over its time. I believe Revelations 1 and now 2 have taken back to where it should be.Gameplay: If you play Left for Dead or other RE titles, show the game some respect and play on Veteren Difficulty. I did and to me that made the experience. It stressed me out, and i think in a survival horror game thats what it should do. Now in RE 6 they may have taken the mobility a little to high for this style of game, but they made a good middle ground choice with the new dodge system. Gun Custimization is very fun and allows people to play diffrently.Gamplay= 9/10Graphics:I enjoy the gritty look, i dont really understand peoples problem with the models they look fine to me. Creatures and explosions and all look very nice. Only issue is some stuttering in certain areas, hopefully this ca be fixed but i got over it. EDIT: they have patched the game a few times since launch and it has helped the stuttering a bit. still happens in some places but its better.Graphics= 8.5/10Story: Good to me so far, feels more like RE4 and thats a good thing :)Story=8/10Raid mode: Very fun, I enjoy this over the standard mercs personally. adds some cool RPG kinda elements and stuffRaid= 10/10 would Raid again.....for a very long time.Controls: work just fineControls= Work/10So overall i really enjoyed my experience with the first chapter of RE REV 2. i think fans of the series will enjoy it as long as they dont go straight for the OMAGURD ITS NOT LIKE RE1 attack. People should understand that games evolve over time. Example, Final fantasy. Not all changes are good but i truely believe that this is a very good step back on the trail to a good Zombie Survival Shooter.Also Hunk and Mr Wesker. thats a plus.Edit: GET OVER MICRO TRANSACTIONS! no one is forcing you to buy it, its not saying you can only play if you spend more money get the hell over it. If some people want to throw money at a game for extra lifes or whatever let them. i will never do that but it doesnt hurt my feelings.And they have even gone back to the older style inventory kinda, you have weapon slots and item slots, with the ability to combine items and i really enjoy that it is back.UPDATE: EP.2Introduces some new people, ramps up the crafting diversity and lots of crazy hard fights on ""Survival"" difficultySomething interesting ive found out is it helps to use the secondary character to explore. try it. it really  adds to the working together feel. Also they have patched the game once so the stuttering issues arent as bad.AND they have started to implement split screen co-op on the computer. Thank you capcom for fixing your mistake.update Ep. 3another good story section. this one has some awsome puzzles. more cool raidmode characters. I am very excited for tne final chapter.update Ep. 4this one finishes it off nicely, gives you plenty of good things to look forward to unlocking."
,Recommended,287290,14653926,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dr Steinman,It's really not that bad. I didn't have any frame-rate or tearing issues or any of the issues others are reporting. Story seems really solid through episode one. Gameplay is fun. It's challenging but not unfair. Barry ends up being the RE5/6 style shooting segment and the other half of the game *Not spoiling since I'm not sure  what all got revealed in trailers and not* is more survival horror limited ammo.Excited for Episode 2. Don't let the Capcom baggers get you down. It's a solid pickup at 5.99 or 24.99.
,Recommended,287290,14654331,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Classified,"Update for final episode release.It was really good, all of the episodes were a joy to play through, fans of earlier games will definitely like this game, has some neat references. To be honest its the best Campaign/story in a Resident Evil game since the series changed to 3rd person ""shoulder"" view, atleast i think so. big step in the right direction.There are multiple endings aswell, without spoiling i can say that the differences were quite huge so it is worth playing both.I also highly recommend picking up the bonus episode ""The Struggle"" aswell. It added alot of story and filled some points.oh and the stuttering issues was hotfixed :)------------------------------------------------------------The campaign is not as fast paced and explosive as most of the recent games in the series, its more of an atmospheric horror shooter (would ya look at that). And you dont get cabin fever from the level design either :) The first ""episode"" set up the story nicely and was interesting, especially at the end.The game plays alot like Resident Evil 6, and if you havent played that game it is the least clunky game in the series control wise, you can still move and shoot at the same time and melee is still fun (while not as dynamic as RE6) but its satisfying enough to make you wanna kick and hit things. And you dont have to stop jogging for turning etc. Oh and the evade system from Revs 1 is back and works much Much better this time.Graphics are very good too, feels really next-gen ish, with clothes having their own physics and all that.Raid mode is just as fun this time aswell, still a ton of weapons and modifications to unlock, and individual levels for different characters. And the dreadful bonus for not taking damage during a map is replaced with a ""dont use a herb"" medal, this saves alot of frustration, atleast for me lol. Nothing but improvements in this mode.There was also some negativity around the game lagging and stuff and people being unable to fix it. I have an average PC and i had a few lagspikes in the first bit of playing.What i did was set Framerate to ""Variable"" and lowering the Effects quality, the blood splashes and gunfire sometimes made me lag if there was alot of them at once, dont know why.TL:DR_Better raid mode.Smoother non-clunky gameplay.Old school campaign, more slow paced.Awesome graphics.Good characters."
,Recommended,287290,25809696,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CauseYouWillHateYourselfInTheEnd,Natalia is so lovely <3
76561198056214879,Recommended,287290,32854880,Posted: 27 June,all,Sakit Hati KUU,Awesome game and graphic <3
76561198035662762,Not Recommended,287290,15170000,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Silverdax,"campaign is pretty mediocre at best, the story is just really all over the place. would not recommend this to anyone unless its on sale. Raid mode is alright though."
76561198130238664,Recommended,287290,25060849,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,teh.FunKiller,This game right here is teh BEST Resident Evil game since the original that came out in the late 1900's!
,Recommended,287290,28691581,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Epicleen,awesome
,Recommended,287290,30229633,Posted: 27 February,all,Monkey King,"Thought it would be co-op but it is not , this resident evil gave me that feeling I had when I first started playing resident evil over 10 years ago. Has that non commercial hollywood resident evil feeling. They should make a full game like this equal to this. Man I loved resident evil outbreak 1 and 2. Anyway. Its small money but im still getting a refund... Good game tho"
,Not Recommended,287290,19831001,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,FpSHunter,keeps freezing on my laptopwouldent recomend to people who use a notebook
,Not Recommended,287290,16243881,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Xeno,"mechanically this game is horrible, like all of the modern resident evil game's."
76561198007747398,Not Recommended,287290,25476509,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Personally i think RE revelations 2 is a above average game. better than RE 4 , not to mention the racoon city operations,which is completely crap. I have cleared so far the first two episodes. As far as I can see, The story line is clear, not too much bs; the partner set-up practically gives you two lives in game.The countdown and invisible modes are pretty challenging. Raid mode is also pretty dank.But first of all things the bundle crap sets me off. Why the hell don't you just make a bundle of just 4 episodes or sell the complete full game? what if I don't want to buy those costumes and raid characters or extra episodes ? this is sale kidnapping.Secondly, revelations 2 has little / no replay value. if it wasn't for the achievements, i would have unistalled it after the first play through. Today is my 3rd playthrough in episode one. And i am BORED TO MY SKULL.Thirdly, why isn't there online coop feature ?? Isn't it obvious/meant to be since you have the partner set-up? switching between characters is annoying, especially when AI battle is crap.I give Revelations 2 a 6 out of 10. 1 points is for that i have been a RE fan since i was a kid."
,Recommended,287290,19656755,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,shankly1985,"Best Resi todate! Yes even better than Resi 2 ""Personal Choice :D""This game has everything going for it, its Dark horror will bring joy back to Resi fans with Great graphics and superb Audio and a gripping story line game is superb.+Very clever use of switching characters brings new ways to play the game...+Graphics+Audio+Voice acting+Horror+Setting is great you get to travel across wide range of sceneryCan't really think of anything to dislike ??9/10"
,Recommended,287290,28505855,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jack Delgado,game is great but...the AI partner is pretty dumb they would rather choose to stand then defend them selves.somne textures are pixilating but its just minor problem 6/10
,Recommended,287290,32964153,Posted: 28 June,all,SimpleButNothing,Creepy game ever
76561198382172004,Recommended,287290,33828684,Posted: 27 July,all,dimasmahar,i hope next re revelation 3 long story and gameplay
,Recommended,287290,17949515,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,VetistheFallen,THIS GAME IS AWESOME I CANT WAIT TO FINISH RECORDING IT here is the First part i recorded its up on my channel i HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME ITS JUST THAT AWESOMEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4J7nW_YFTNc
,Recommended,287290,14961721,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,*☆*Aki*☆*,グレートゲーム。私は別のパーツが「Biohazard」の古い精神を救うことを願って
,Recommended,287290,14942956,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,I kinda like it
,Recommended,287290,14943883,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sabo,Don't Afraid to Fear
76561198036383583,Recommended,287290,14702162,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DongWasuN,If u like the 1st u should play the 2nd..Cant say much because they only release ep1 and must wait next week to play ep2 but its still good overall
,Recommended,287290,14714936,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jordan Sinard,"It's a good start, I did have a few issues with the frame rate and hope the plan to fix that and a few other issues soon."
76561197990872886,Recommended,287290,14736571,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,deadly_sleepy,"i check this game , and i enjoy this game no matter what, i say something to players about resident evil revelations 21:  the graphics looks fine , but capcom can make this better in our days2: time line in game to short , no matter it's only episode one3: i like how zombies and bio-mutans react after you hit them or killand finally 4: my score at this episode is 4/5enjoy this game i dare you :)"
76561198072147074,Recommended,287290,14700012,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,f1v10,"resident evil revelations 2 is a great buy its a great mix of new school re controls third person shooter mechaicls fast pace movement combat mechacils and old school  re horror and survial and its got the re theme back again. Most of the  complain about this game are unjust in my opionin they are mostly  compliong about the lack of co op yet i bet you most of those people complaining about  co op would of not used it and the peformance and optimisation which is bs and that is a valid reason to complain,but it will get fix up and work great just like re4 and re revelations. This game just like re revelations has no quick time events YES FINALLY i cant stand qte in games and more delevopers should take note that most of gamers are sick of qte."
76561197984159171,Recommended,287290,14693019,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RoFL| Gnomefreak,"It plays ok. Has some weird framrate dips here and there. I play it on my ROG 750jm laptop. It is just as campy and cringeworthy as you expect a Resident Evil game to be, both in terms of story and dialgoue. Gameplay is very straightforward with very linear levels and with a few hidden objects and rooms. Moira is a pretty useless companion, but Nathalie is quite ok. Don't come here expecting much it is not nearly the quality of what you expect from a 60 dollar game. Luckily this game doesn't cost you that much and it is fine for what it is. Bitesized levels with very simple gameplay, but you know what I had fun anyways. Weapons are fun to use and offer a decent variety. Enemies are for the most part bullet sponges that require little strategy, but some are more challenging. ITS OK nothing more. If your craving for some more Resident Evil action that is exactly what you get."
76561197973481972,Recommended,287290,14692180,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JoeDjN,"Very fun shooting, frame rate issues though"
,Recommended,287290,14701205,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,NotMyWaffle,"It not bad for what I played. Kinda like the first Revelations. Wish they hadn't axed the CO-OP, so glad I only paid 5. Will definatly wait and see how the rest of the chapters come out for this game though...Edit:I decided to buy the rest of the chapters. Damn could this game of been any shorter? So glad I only paid 20/25 for it thx Capcon that was smart of you. However I hate the fact it'll cost me another ♥♥♥♥ing 20-30 for the DLC for raid or wahtever the ♥♥♥♥ so I'm going to either wait for those to go on sale or I may never buy'em, haven't played Raid Mode yet haven't decided if it's worth it or not yet.Also I don't know wtf happened with this patch(2.2), but the game went from smooth silky fun, to stuttering randomly from time to time. It rather annoying...  So glad I finished the game just as it came out but I definatlly noticed some hick ups after the patch though."
76561198124905987,Recommended,287290,14693009,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ttrsbst393,Decent game really fun even without the co-op but i must say if it had co-op it would have been allot better bust i still think its a great game and i would recomend it to all re fans
76561197998536009,Recommended,287290,14695384,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kurogane,the game is good but they way there doing it is ♥♥♥♥ed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in episodes wtf is that this is not some master story game like tails of borderlands or the walking dead for ♥♥♥♥ sake i would recommend this game but only after all the episodes come out good job capcom with ♥♥♥♥ing us with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ness again trying to poach other ideas but it does not work for an action game u ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company stop dragging the resident evil name threw the ♥♥♥♥ mud to make money u♥♥♥♥♥♥head ♥♥♥♥s.
76561198079402616,Recommended,287290,14696200,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CaptainCrisp,NWALNLN
,Recommended,287290,14693640,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Leon Awesome,After all the bug fixes...Good.Still no Sherry Birkin... might kill a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,287290,14700803,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Camouflaged Cow,"(Note: This will only be an Episode 1 review and on 2/28/2015)Oh Capcom. Since I recently played Resident Evil 3: Nemesis and beaten it on my first playthrough in under 6 hours, I wanted to play some more. I only recently have found out about this game. The episodic format meant you could pick up the first episode for only $6.00. I went on ahead to buy the Complete Season for $25.00. I went straight to Episode 1. You start off as Claire Redfield (in what I presume to be a prologue to the whole series, like Resident Evil Zero, don't quote me on it) and I thought, that's cool. She looks different, maybe in a good or bad way, and is accompanied by her co-op partner, Moira (A.K.A Barry Burton's daughter). Claire is extremely likable, even with her new character model and voice. Moira in my opinion was a little too... emo(?). She seems a little too scared, even though no one knew about the outbreak. I wish she could just shut up at a few places. Claire isn't annoying at all.When you get into the game and after about 5 minutes, you'll notice Claire will be your friend. She is the character with the guns and the star of the show. Moira is the one with the blunt crowbar, opening up doors and crates. She also has a handy flashlight. Claire has one, but it isn't as powerful as Moira's. Moira can blind enemies with her flashlight, which I thought was awesome. After picking up your first guns you'll be using, the MPM (stands for Makarov PM, and luckily resembles the actual gun) and the Double-Barrelled Shotgun with a name too long to recall, that's the only guns you'll be getting for the chapter (as Claire & Moira). That isn't a bad thing, as you'll encounter a few weapon upgrade stations, where, like in Dying Light, you can put upgrades like Faster Reloading, More Damage, or a Faster Firing Rate to name a few. Listen to the dialogue as Claire references the ""Jill Sandwich"" from Resident Evil 1. After you finish the chapter, you'll switch over to Barry & Natalia.The first thing I noticed after switching over was the overpowered weaponry. Barry comes equipped with an Assault Rifle with 2 clips, the famous ""Samurai Edge"" handgun (but this time with only 9 shots per magazine), and his awesome white Magnum revolver. After the first cutscene, you'll meet a little girl named Natalia. I thought to myself, ""Is this a Last of Us clone?"" (That isn't a bad thing, as it beat the Last of Us and the Last of Us Remastered twice) Luckily, it isn't. Natalia doesn't use any weapons like Moira, but instead, she can pick up bricks to destroy locks (remember that sentence). After finding out when you switch over to her (I forgot to mention you can switch between both characters most of the time), she can see a large yellowish object through walls. Essentially, she can see zombies. Now you know why Barry is equipped with his arsenal, Natalia is almost defenseless. She can point out hidden treasures for you to pick up, which is also cool. The AI in this game for the Co-op partner is good, not the best I've ever seen, but make sure to get the 2000 BP upgrade that allows your Co-op partner to fire their guns when they are not controlled. At the end of the chapter, it leaves off with a perfect cliffhanger making you want to purchase the full game and find out what's going to happen next, like Telltale with the Walking Dead. Don't worry, they left you a little 15-30 second trailer to hold you over.The environments for Episode 1 is actually pretty original. They can give you the spooks and put tension on your hands. Looking in drawers will give you addtional ammo and supplies to help your adventure. I beat Episode 1 on Normal, which I would recommend. If you're up to it, Hard (Survival Horror) is also a good choice. In Claire's side, they leave you with little amounts of ammo. I nearly ran out a few times. Speaking of enemies, I only saw 2 get stuck on a wall, which they easily got out of. The enemies are awesome (and actually die to saw blade traps which you'll come upon, making you want to lure them into the blades) and love to jump on you. At the end of Barry's side are freaky and make you think before you shoot. I won't spoil anything here.I would give Episode 1 a 9/10.Onto Raid Mode...Wait... I crashed? Even after buying the Complete Season and the Throwback and Wesker Character DLCs, I crash. I wanted to get more content out of the game (without playing the Countdown mode and Invisibility mode for 1000 BP each). I wanted to enjoy Raid Mode. After Capcom teased us with an ""accidental"" local co-op, which already a modder (by the name of FluffyQuack) made a working mod for, I wanted to play it even more. I hope they patch a bunch of bugs when Episode 2 comes back around. I'll do a review on what I can.The customization is cool for Raid Mode. If you beat Episode 1 (which I recommend you do before playing Raid Mode), you'll unlock 4 characters from the chapter you can play as. Claire, Moira, Barry, and a woman I'll not spoil here (As of 2/28/2015, you can currently purchase Hunk and Wesker for $2.50 a piece). Each have 4 weapon slots, skill slots, and even shouts (like in Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker). Each character will unlock different slots at different times. Claire will automatically have 2/4 weapon slots unlocked, Barry will have 3/4 weapon slots unlocked, and Moira will only have 1 slot unlocked. At level 5, Moira will unlock that slot. To make up for this, they will have more skill slots unlocked early. The customisation is pretty good. You can even buy a costume for Claire, Moira, Barry, and even Natalia if you'd like. Personally, I think they are a little too goofy for a game like Resident Evil. They seem like they would fit into a Saints Row game. I can't wait to play Raid Mode.On Episode 1, the rating is a:9/10I can't wait to see Episode 2, 3, 4, and the two bonus episodes. They really got me excited for the potential of this game.  After you beat the chapter, you can choose to play Claire's or Barry's scenario, adding a little to replayability. As of now, I didn't feel like replaying Episode 1. I want to wait until all of the Episodes are out. If you are unsure about buying this game or feel like maybe you can't run it, purchase the $6.00 Episode 1 (which even includes Raid Mode and the extra two Episode 1 modes, Countdown and Invisibility). If you like Resident Evil games, Survival Horror games, Third-Person Shooters, or want something to entertain you, this is a great game to dump hours (and only spend $6.00) into. I HIGHLY recommend the Complete Season.I would give Raid Mode a rating here, but unfortunately I cannot review it. Let's hope Capcom bug fixes Revelations 2."
76561198053552710,Recommended,287290,19630652,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,O_O Great
76561198056247692,Not Recommended,287290,19779366,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mariolino,"Started game, played for 2 hours and then....ending credits??? Apparently you have to purchase each episode individually.Bought this game on sale but I got how much I paid for.Raid more is cool tho."
,Not Recommended,287290,19308407,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,All it does is crash and freeze!
,Recommended,287290,34441685,Posted: 23 August,all,Papi,Not that good.But it's Good.
,Recommended,287290,34309752,Posted: 17 August,all,Tadokoro Megumi,Nice Graphic and Gameplay
76561198208674795,Not Recommended,287290,23944882,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JerryMatsuki,good gameplaygood storybut this game must buy per chapter
,Not Recommended,287290,23900162,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,l-xPrince-l,"Game is broken :/ Fps drop issues , Lag , POOR optimized"
,Recommended,287290,35282448,Posted: 28 September,all,Sooubway,buys game for 50centsplays for 1 hourgets boreduninstalledthinking about refundingbut its 50 cents
76561197970707138,Recommended,287290,26201308,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,phillipellis,love resident evil game so 10+10
76561198162032666,Recommended,287290,25680856,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BLAZ4DAYZ,Not Bad you got to keep up with storyline to know whats going on
,Recommended,287290,26325342,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,̚̚,"You get full access to Raid Mode(Mercenaries but 1000x more fun) for .77 cents on the Halloween Sale? Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up, yo. I put another 30 hours on the PS3 version last year, but for less than a dollar you can get waaay more value than most triple-A games can offer. The story mode is OKAY, similar to the last Revelations game in a lot of ways."
,Recommended,287290,26187957,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Toxic_modzzzz,Great Game But EACH dlc is too much..
76561198086909018,Recommended,287290,14666227,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,yer,why cant i quicktime doors. i paid $6 just let me kick the doors open.I WANT DOOR KICK.awsome game btw 100% will buy next episode.also only game i know of where it forces you to play as a 6yo girl with no weapons in a zombie infested hospital/jail. GG capcom.
76561198137578149,Not Recommended,287290,20169495,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BRAH!,"no online coop campaign only splitscreen, raid mode for online"
,Recommended,287290,14644208,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Rhubarb,"So far so good. The first episode definitely brings me back to the first Resident Evil Revelations. I recommend this game for it's ongoing story and to see what will come next. A lot of people complain about episodic games, but there is an appeal to waiting for the next installment. It's like Christmas. But the game handles solid, the controls are tight and Raid Mode is a blast. Most nagative reviews have to do with game performance so make sure your computer is up to snuff.My only gripe to speak of is that there is, as of yet, no online multiplayer for Coop Campaign or Raid mode. Yet. It is said that online capabilities will be coming later on down the line. Of course I wouldn't buy anything on ""maybe"" but I have no consumer's remorse on this purchase and if you enjoyed Revelations 1, then you should get this game."
76561198016074921,Not Recommended,287290,16575378,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tsunaro,"I wish there was a ""maybe"" recommendation button as I like the story of the game. but I payed from sale thinking I was getting a game... not an episode. That dissapointed me as I will not be paying 6 bucks to get the next one.♥♥♥♥♥that."
76561198170139743,Not Recommended,287290,15959626,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cheetix,i have a black screen and i don't know how to fix it
76561198142092698,Recommended,287290,16194412,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TheLivingDead,"This review is coming from from a long Resident Evil Fan.Resident Evil Revelations 2 is well made game all around. All though there is no CO-OP option for the campain, which I am very sad about sence I was wanting to play it with a friend, there is still CO-OP for Raid Mode. The story of this game was very strong and you would grow very attached to all the characters. Raid Mode is very fun to play either by yourself or with a friend. Either way, Capcom did a very good job making these game the way it is!"
,Not Recommended,287290,17407930,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,deefdelic,i did not like the vibe of this resident evil an most of the time it would be running like a glitch... Every other game works good for me but this game did not.
,Not Recommended,287290,17440883,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mr. Snatch,1/10 wack... why do i keep giving this title a chance? on the hardest difficulty the final boss lasted 10 seconds... dont waste  your money just watch lets plays. R.I.P. resident evil since 0
76561197991861604,Not Recommended,287290,16573532,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LiquidSpikes,"Let me just make one part clear. NO ONLINE CO-OP CAMPAIGN!This is a serious let down for the series especially since older Resident Evil titles have online multiplayer.I will be returning my copy.With all the talk of coop I was really excited. ugh, why Capcom why! IDIOTS!Single player is joke as your AI is really stupid again, Do not buy this game, you will regret it."
76561198141499571,Not Recommended,287290,16544472,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,muzist92,WTF??!!! My game got stuck right in the final boss fight with Wesker! Can't move an inch and the cursor wont even disappear from my in-game screen as if I am still pausing the game... Steam better have this game fix! Else... don't buy this sack of sh*t on steam!!!
76561198190726950,Not Recommended,287290,16581663,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CrazySamantha1992,I don't like it.
76561198020579903,Not Recommended,287290,15962938,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bubberducky,"The ""DLC episode 6 bucks per level, please"" model made me uncertain about Capcom's ability to deliver a complete product that isn't riddled with cop-out micro-transactions. Raid mode on the other hand kicks♥♥♥♥♥and continues to deliver. Unfortunately, the cash grabby micro-transaction campaign keeps it from being a winner."
76561198132496050,Not Recommended,287290,22047834,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Razier BloodBane,"cheap ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want you to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥then pay 20 now cuz of say to unlock the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game, screw you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,287290,15047713,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Apex,"Lets make a survival horror game and make it good, all the way to the end and then make the game a joke and make bad humor that breaks immersion, seriously.. like for-real.. doesnt make the trip worth it like the last of us cause I'm pretty sure inspiration came from there."
,Recommended,287290,28594797,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"(review in progress)(1.7 hours in) YES on this one! Setting aside some of the cheesy lines, and some of the lack of logic, it's the BEST of the RE series I've played for the following reasons.1. Good controls that finally feel right (my biggest complaint with RE games.)2. Great graphics3. 108 FPS smooth and fast frame rates with my GTX960 and first Gen Intel I-5 7604. Nice mix of characters to play."
,Not Recommended,287290,16535442,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Su10kt,Doesn't have online co-op for the story. ♥♥♥♥ing dropped.
,Not Recommended,287290,20889402,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Truly Baz,"Extremely boring game, simple way to put it.There is nothing new about this game, its all been done before.You control claire or barry in a very linear & stale map design trying to escape a prison asylum. You succeed after 25-30 minutes of going through the same bland looking environments with lots of backtracking, the enemies all look the same.There is no real sense of challenge or progression, i found myself going from 1 corridor to the next, casually blasting my way through the most laughable & the most predictable enemies that die in a very static fashion.At first glance the game looks decent, with some decent voice acting, then soon you realize this is just another failed attempt to bring Biohazard to the 12 year old market, if you ignore the flaws and somehow manage to get through the first section of the game without vomiting, you'll only end up repeating the whole section again, only this time you control a different character, and of course with the same enemies and core gameplay.(Core gameplay: Run for a while,  WoOoO a zombie appears, shoot him, repeat) and to make it worse, youre stuck with a whiny teenager thats always shouting ""claire watch out!!""  yeah, way to ruin the suspense, as if the game wasnt already a let down.For a survival horror i expected to see some tension and isolation, but not in this game, this is a bad co op and even though you are isolated to a certain degree, you never truly feel alone because youre constantly running into other survivors that are locked n loaded with auto weapons and shotguns.What is the challenge here? what is even the point of playing this game? i honestly cannot think of an answer. Don't waste your time and please try to have a nice day.CONS:Bland environmentsLack of tensionEnemies are prdictableNo real challengeCliche storyRehashBoring charactersBoring storyShallow combatNo feeling of progressionThe controls are a messThe map acquired is nothing more but a minimapIt's all been done before (nothing fresh)Bad graphicsShort campaignsWeapon upgrade system is a jokeSkillsets are a joke, tries to mimic an RPG gameGame isnt optimizedParticle effects uses CPU cache instead of GPU memory (Lag)Outdoor maps look louzy, especially the grass physicsYou have the option to use a flashlight, even though the whole damn place is brightClaire isnt bangable anymoreYour partner is incredibly useless and annoyingPROS:Jill sandwich joke"
,Not Recommended,287290,23725723,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,orgrune,"Can't decide if I should start with ""This is actually a good game but..."" or ""Sad excuse for a RE game but it's still kinda fun...""Still only played the first chapter and it wasn't a bad game. The graphics are horrible but it's mitigated by the total and utter darkness which actually made me feel kinda sortof scared for the first time since RE 3 Nemesis.The story seems decent (again, havn't done it all yet) but it feels half-done. There's either no side-plots and hidden rooms, or they're rediculously hard to find.But what made me decide on not recommeding it would be the unskippable credits after finnishing the first chapter...If you're only after a decent challenge in a visual horror novel, I'd guess this one does the trick nicely!"
,Not Recommended,287290,28728757,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bogs,this sucks . you have to download the full version and purchase it before you can play the whole game!
,Not Recommended,287290,15967157,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,I'm in me moms car,"I bought this game so me and my friend could play through the story of the game together... we both launch the game and to our dismay it says that you can only play CO-OP on raid... the game clearly states that it's CO-OP therefore it should be a CO-OP game. Why should I pay money on a game that falsely advertises itself as a CO-OP game. I have completely lost all respect I had for steam. The game states that it is a ""multiplayer game"" that is obviously for raid mode and ""local CO-OP"" and ""online CO-OP"".  in this they are implying that the ""multiplayer"" is for the raid mode and the ""CO-OP'S"" are for the story, furthermore why create a game that has an AI companion that cannot be controlled by a friend/companion? Especially because almost all the previous games had CO-OP story. I am sincerely disappointed in STEAM and CAPCOM.Yours sincerely a previously loyal consumer...Lastly I am considering boycotting steam in general and telling all my followers to do the same."
76561198037617363,Not Recommended,287290,30135395,Posted: 23 February,all,Inbred Warrior,"Even though the game is not all that bad and its better than RE6, I feel the game doesn't meet my expectations as some of the little bugs the game has are a bit game breaking. Sometimes the AI just acts dumb and just runs into a barriar. In the Little Miss episode, you cannot be seen by enemies and sometimes you have no choice but to be seen as the enemy runs into a barrel looking directly at you. And during the final boss fights, I always have problems not being able to move at all when encountering the final boss again after a cutscene with keyboard or controller. And in the second episode where you have to shut off the alarm, you can't even shut it off as there is no command for it to turn off the power for some weird reason. I would constantly have to verify the game files over and over and it gets annoying. I am currently on the road to RE7 by playing the main games and this is the one of the least fun RE i had with these annoying problems. There are not alot of glitches in this game but the little ones that come up really break the game for me."
76561198078208116,Recommended,287290,20818506,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"This should have been sold as RE6.Revelations 2 is a return to form we havn't seen for years in the RE world.  It is by far the biggest  in the series at a Whopping 18.5 GB and they have used it to grat effect.  Just so you dont get sucked into buying this on a ""Special Offer"" day as I did be aware that this is an EPISODE game with the following installments being much more money than the first.Having said that this game is really good and IMO is the best Resident Evil we have seen in years.  This has managed to succesfully combine the Creep factor of the GameCube Remake and the action of RE4 splitting each episode into Two Sections.  The First Section is the Survival Horror based gameplay that people have been missing and the Second section being the Action orientated Gameplay with the result being tht everybody is happy.Following a differen't storyline than the usual RE games thjis is more in line with the plot of RE4 than the Umbrella plot and is actually more like a Silent Hill or Outlast offering.  This is indeed a ""Page Turner"" that has been paced well to leave the individual wanting more.The Bad side is that because this an Episode driven game  you cant actually ""Keep"" it as a complete item and there is all that tedious Reloading if you want to play an earlier episode which is really annoying if there isn't a fast signal to hand.  I do hope this is released as a single game offering one day.  In any event it is much better than any of those truly awful Movie AdaptationsDon't waste your money on the so called ""Extra Chapters"" upon the completion of the game though because they are just really short, and of inferior quality."
,Recommended,287290,25893006,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BIGBOSS,buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287290,15848458,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ExSaiga,NIce Setup Of StorylineGreat Action Horror GameLooking forward after
,Recommended,287290,14700416,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Drakensson,"(played offline-mode)As an action game, Biohazard has become a good seriesBut as horror, it's bad.It should actually be simple. It's not about the game, it's YOU. Are YOU the right man/woman for the games?HORROR SCORE: 5/10ACTION SCORE: 7/10DEVELOPMENT QUALITY: 7/10RESULT: Both yes and no to recommending"
76561198141732839,Not Recommended,287290,24302232,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ilkan,"If you are using w10 or w8 you shouldn't buy this, its not working on w10 or w8 CAPCOM have to make something about this for now its a pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and money waste"
,Not Recommended,287290,22329151,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ZeKay The End,I can't get past the first 20 minutes of the story due to bugs.
76561198020733534,Recommended,287290,30181472,Posted: 25 February,all,SantaFX,Most Scary Game Ever Played
,Not Recommended,287290,18780570,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MetaSense,"DLC DLC DLC....This part offers 2 hours of gameplay, playing slowly!Got this because it was 2 euros but if you want to finish the story you have to buy the dlc."
,Recommended,287290,14672010,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Feefa Kha'habibi,well...im having fun...sorry...
76561198062979104,Recommended,287290,14750597,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Udesi,Really upset that it does not have an online multi-player.I get some bad frame rates when I load into a new instance.I didnt expect I would have to wait for episodes to release.I dont know it is a good game or not it seems completely better than RE5 which was the last game I played.I am just upset with what I listed above haha.Otherwise I am enjoying the story.
76561198205022188,Recommended,287290,20061733,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,▓ Dont Mess With Andre ▓,hi guys give me episode 2  resident evil pls guys :(( i love this game very much :) for christmas give to me guys
,Not Recommended,287290,25072396,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Vinyl,idk it's fukn♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
,Not Recommended,287290,16091455,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sean H C,co-op is a lie
76561197993219387,Not Recommended,287290,18780289,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Spoksson,"The game on itself, meaning the story and so on are OK. But if you first played the other RE games, the you can only conclude that the graphics of this game are like from 20 years ago. How can one go from the previous  Resident Evil Revelations Biohazard to this game and say this is a good game is beyond me. Lucky me, I bought it as the Halloween special with all the DLC's for just under $20, and even that is a high price."
76561198072192539,Recommended,287290,30783241,Posted: 27 March,all,Luminous,It was Fun and Challenging. Thumbs UP!
76561198004043595,Not Recommended,287290,20693956,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Curly Jefferson,"This game being listed as having COOP functionality is misleading at best, blatantly false advertising at worst. I guess it's my mistake for not checking the reviews before I picked it up, but I really feel ripped off."
76561197984998026,Not Recommended,287290,15040854,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Johnny_Ringo,"I easily exceed all recommend system requirements for this game, and I have to run it windowed, at a pitifully small resolution, in order to get a playable frame rate over 30. If I were to even try to run it at my native resolution, 1920x1080, fullscreen, it's literally UNPLAYABLE! This PC port is garbage, and I want a refund."
,Not Recommended,287290,15372478,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Exogenous,The game is good if were not playing it on the PC it is heavily designed for COUP and needs an online multiplayer connectiong option very badly. Not only that there is online multiplayer for Area either so there is not really much point in getting the costumers to show off if you do get the game do not waste the mony on the complete season pass. I heard that they will be trying to get online multiplayer up but saying and doing is 2 different things until they do so I advice not picking it up.
76561198004066778,Recommended,287290,28226328,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Blade,easily the best RE since RE 4 maybe evan better it has same format and gamplay as 4 with out all the♥♥♥♥♥♥time events !!!
,Recommended,287290,16140227,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Shadow Reaper,"It's a great game, but can't really play it yet since it freezes on me so i was told that i need a better Graphic card or a better computer to play this game, so till i get the money for it i can't play it, so till then i have to wait."
,Recommended,287290,15032116,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mr.NinjaMaster,At first I thought oh great another COM......... You won't be disappointed.
76561198042585412,Recommended,287290,23633918,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sun-Gaku (Kukuhreeeeeeeeet),if you get this get all the episodes to make it worth it. almost done with episode 1 and 10 hours if that tells you anything. this is forsure for the more hardcore resident evil fan where every bullet counts and once your out your out you have to sneak or melee your way past everything afterwords. or you can just stealth your way through and never run out of ammo.p.s LOOT EVERYTHINGGGGGGGG
,Recommended,287290,34661147,Posted: 1 September,all,HeroTheZero,one of my favorite games so far!
76561198016497038,Not Recommended,287290,15412073,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,sougo,"-Barry's campaign is fine, didn't have much to complain about and Natalia is actually useful, he comes loaded with good weapons off the bat.- Claire's Campaign is rubbish though. Moira has to be the 2nd most annoying character after Ashley that they've created and I found here to be almost useless.-Like The Evil Within, starts cheaping out with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ instant kill areas (mostly Claire) and instant kill invisible monsters that force you to redo area's over and over again. It's not hard Crapcom, just tedious.-The voice acting is also terrible, I swear Crapcom just outsource the VA work to Fiverr or something.-Story is also really weak, didn't care much for it. Same boring motive from a lame villain that we've seen similar of in previous Resident Evil's-Not as good in quality as Revelations 1.It's probably only for the real diehard RE fans or someone that wants a bit more of the The Evil Within flavor (though this is not as good) Shame too, because I liked Revelations 1 and had high hopes for this one."
,Recommended,287290,28787109,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gendoss,"kinda sucks that it's in episodes, but raid mode is very addicting."
,Recommended,287290,20408019,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BaltO ツ [Fortnite[,It will be very good horror game.But I hate when I must pay for other capitols.
76561197982804931,Recommended,287290,14703865,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Madbuck,The game is fun and realy scary  I like it alot but I can play Dying Light 1080p@60fps constant the fps drops are bad CAPCOM please fix it
,Recommended,287290,15749635,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sgt.Knox,just a good game.fix alot give it a 8.  sound. 5  game play. 8  visuals 7. must have for fans of the ganer
76561198158464731,Recommended,287290,15777831,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,With Love and Fvck you.,Cool game woth for your money
,Recommended,287290,15790687,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fuck Me,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this...
76561198139416337,Recommended,287290,20693543,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Blackops2777,Fun game but just to old for me
76561198001609347,Recommended,287290,21513837,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Michael,Good Game
76561198066696872,Recommended,287290,15809197,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Freddymojo,"Finally, a good splitscreen pc game."
,Recommended,287290,30037178,Posted: 19 February,all,HollySane,"Finally got around to playing the first few chapters. There was a point in chapter 2 where Claire had to get into a building to stop a certain noisy something (trying to be vague, spoiler free) and I ended up searching everywhere for a point of exit because I was too used to doors being locked. (hey, it's a RE game, right, especially with the first Rev)30 minutes later and close to giving up, I tried the door. Let me tell you. The door was not locked.Well played, capcom, well played"
,Recommended,287290,30076126,Posted: 21 February,all,bGs,Easily scared people ... be aware !This game is pretty scary for the faint of hearth !I did enjoyed it ! (tho' I didn't finish it)9/10 !
76561197990897264,Not Recommended,287290,25814911,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,EyeTry,Doesnt have story online coop...episode one is as long as the credits...
76561197977249742,Not Recommended,287290,20221465,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sparroew,"Saw a massive salebuyed the gameliked it a lotplayed for about 2 hoursgot the credits screen""purchase part 2,3,4 on steam for 6€ each""Fukc....."
76561198170172766,Recommended,287290,29195315,Posted: 11 January,all,andresrodart,Like Reveletions 1 but darker hahaha
,Not Recommended,287290,20207303,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AtTheGates,"If you have an AMD based setup DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!I grabbed it in the Steam sale for 79p. I hadn't bought a Capcom PC game since Resident Evil 6 because of all the stuttering and freezing issues I had with that game, but I was ttempted by the sale. Jesus was that a mistake! It stutters and freezes EVEN worse than Resi 6 ever did. Even though my PC meets the recommended specs, it WILL NOT stop stuttering, whether on the highest and lowest settings! After asking on the Steam forums and looking around online it seems to be a very common problem, especially for AMD users. My PC has zero issues with any other games, it just seems to be Capcom's awful porting yet again.AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!"
,Not Recommended,287290,24024916,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Puppy,This has to be the worst part of the Resident Evil franchise I have ever seen from the new director of the Resident Evil team. Just stop capcom please just go back to your roots for god sake! This is a episodice third person shooter with only three scary parts of the hole game. Capcom is just milking the Resident Evil franchise by now and I hope we stop seeing the action packed Resident Evil's and some scary one's in the future.
,Not Recommended,287290,35272390,Posted: 28 September,all,✪ Walkingnightmare,Bought it and it crashed every single time i tryed to play it (Like 50 times over 3 days) so dont buy unless you feel like it will run for you
,Not Recommended,287290,20940046,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,1st Lt. Helene [34thID],"Well i was happy with this game than "" Pay to keep playing and finish the game"" ♥♥♥♥ THIS SUCKS!Mercenary mode by capcom!!!!  I wish u guys could respect your costumers !!!! We want to buy a game and play it till the end!!!"
,Not Recommended,287290,18863265,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,stinkepeter666 @ C#,DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ITS SCAM THERE IS NO MULTIPLAYER/KOOP THESE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SAID WILL INCLUDE A COOP MODE LATER BUT THEY NEVER MADE A UPDATE FOR THIS SO ON STEAM IT SAIS KOOP BUT THERE IS NO KOOP
,Recommended,287290,26232064,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,🍊M-I-K-U-X🍊,An awesome story if you play 1 episode you want play all episodes.
76561198070013536,Recommended,287290,26329439,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Scarlet2017,Love this:)
,Recommended,287290,24512169,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Scylla,"Six dollars well spent , I got the chance to become one with herbTHE HERB OVER GODTHE HERB IS LOVETHE HERB IS LIFE"
76561197972436174,Recommended,287290,29099388,Posted: 7 January,all,Heather Kettle games,Evil Is Watching
,Recommended,287290,26319338,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kroses,Nice game
76561198006352362,Recommended,287290,26078612,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Whoolfi,6/10
,Recommended,287290,22843455,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ei_bi_CY,a good game to play
76561198132808818,Recommended,287290,22855775,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Oka Ruto,This game is a good game but it could use mods. but recommendable.
,Recommended,287290,23566314,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DemiRose,nice game for horror genre
,Recommended,287290,23571836,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sheb,Very Good Game
,Not Recommended,287290,33132950,Posted: 2 July,all,mynamejeff,U hav to buy the dlc to play the full game
,Not Recommended,287290,14683510,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,<GETH>XenoEmpyreanium,"The game doesn't even work for me at all which means my 40 dollars went down the drain. Sucks that Steam doesn't give refunds. Edit: It seems to be working a little better, but if anyone is interested in the game I would suggest trying it out with episode one and seeing how it runs. I'm done trying to get this game to actually work. Constant FPS drops come at the wrong time, but mostly just running around, so I'm just going to wait and spend money on this game for my PS3. Wish I could refund it so I could do that right now."
,Not Recommended,287290,14704192,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,¹Łoνє Kñives,The story is great and the game has a ton of great ideas...Then only problem is that when they released and patched it they did it badly. BAdly enough to drop all PC users FPS to a stutter as well as constant crashes in raid mode. Until that's fixed I would not reccomend this game.
76561198030822403,Not Recommended,287290,14703241,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Meiwow,"The're not much to this game, it's a fairly straightforward shooter with no real survival horror gameplay depth. It can be a little fun first time through but it will bore you out pretty quickly with it's overly simple and linear gameplay, there's no way to play the game differently for the second time because of it. It's lackluster, it feels like they didn't take a dvantage of the potential the game could have had with the second ai partner since you're very limited to the things you can do. The game while not completely bad, it doesn't offer you a fulfilling experience at all, it's just a simple and linear action game with a parter that it's for the most part useless except on the scripted parts of the game. The game has a lot of stuttering issues loading the levels when you first start playing, it freezes for a second then comes back, stuff like that, specially on the raid mode levels. On top of that the way you aim is very awkward and unpolished, the camera stutters when you move it which makes me a little dizzy after a little while... the game has a target reticle fixed to the middle of the screen no matter what which means that when a fast enemy moves across the screen you have to move the entire screen around chasing your target which is anoying as hell, instead of moving the reticle untill the edge of the screen, then the screen starts to move if you try to move it any further that that... nope, it's not like that, it's fixed to the center and forces you to constantly move the entire screen around, it's super anoying and makes you dizzy! just feels like this game was rushed without the care of making sure it played good or had any minimum level of polish. I would say at least wait for a discount."
,Recommended,287290,14780429,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rax Savvage,Yus
76561198136698098,Not Recommended,287290,21482979,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Microsoft Publisher,''Co-op''
,Not Recommended,287290,14718525,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FullMetalValkyr,"The game was advertised as including co-op gameplay, but that was pulled after release.Poorly optimized otherwise. Turning Vsync off caused the game to crash to error. The game would no longer launch and would just display the error, even after a reinstall.Got a refund via Steam support.I don't recommend getting it on PC. I got it on PS3 instead and really enjoyed episode 1. Gameplay is an improvement, story is solid so far and RAID more is a good amount of additional content."
76561198079346220,Not Recommended,287290,14735353,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,biohazard,"For some reason this game is so painful to play. What the heck did you guys do with the RE franchise?When you play the Remaster RE1 and then this game, just then you'll be able see what piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this new RE games are.This new♥♥♥♥♥♥you call ""RE"" these days is a sinking ship, and you have to do something about it, very fast I should add.Have a ♥♥♥♥ing good day CAPCOM."
,Not Recommended,287290,14908093,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Everton,I bought it on pre order and until now couldn't play the game because of fps drops.
,Not Recommended,287290,28055895,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BOT Asiimov,This just one part of the whole story so either you buy the entire story EP1 to 4 if not u cant finish.So i regreat buying this game
,Recommended,287290,14845862,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Jules,"Lovely game, my favorite Res Evil so far.  10/10For me runs maxed out with very little of the lag some are reporting,on 8350 / r9 290, 144hz no vsync"
,Not Recommended,287290,14656334,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BaboGum,Was really expecting Co-op campaign but sadly us RE fans got scammed.. why would players want to play along side a programmed AI that is soo stupid and just stands there wasting time.. getting killed.. eating all your healing items... I would not recommend buying this...
,Recommended,287290,14650369,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xenoriddley,"Only about an hour into it, so I might revise this later, but so far, it's a pretty good game, I feel.  I like the atmosphere and the music, both of which are excellent and very creepy.  The lighting makes for some very unnerving areas where I wasn't wanting to go certain places as well.  Also, so far, I'm really enjoying the story!While I have been enjoying the game, there have been certain problems.  For example, I was having frame stuttering issues, and the framerate would drop unexpectedly every now and then.  Not only that, but the A.I. for the partner isn't the best, honestly.I'm sure once they get the patches in and it's running at a decent framerate, without the stuttering, it will be a much better game, but as it is right now, it's decent.EDIT:  Alright, so I've finished the first episode in it's entirety.  And near the end, the frame stuttering really get's cut down to where there's very little of it.  Also, the story so far is extremely good, and I'm excited for next week when the second episode comes out!"
76561198136989887,Not Recommended,287290,14753088,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,randallsanders67,"I have to say that i am very disapointed in this. I am a RE fan and this whole thing with Capcom doing pc ports is really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Frame rate is horrible, video lag every damn second, and so much more. Im sorry but until Capcom fixes this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i am done with waisting money! Sorry for all the other guys who posted a review to help players not make this mistake for not litening to you."
76561197983960558,Not Recommended,287290,14823377,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,rr3,"Resident Evil Revelations 2: Episodes 1, 2 & 3 -  03-24-15 – the review so far: (includes Episode 4)Short SummaryThe offline co-op debacle overshadowed the main issue with this game; the game is not optimized to run on the range of pcs listed on their store page.Really hoping they fix it, it seems to be the case that they simply ran out of time and instead of delaying the release, they opted to just release it as is… simply heart breaking…Story so far:		        8/10 have not fully completed Episode 3 (see below issues)Gameplay so far:	        8/10 (some minor issues)PC Optimization so far:	1/10 (serious issues when using recommended pc hardware)Overall score so far:	56% (a failing grade)Would not Recommend as is; you need a pc that exceeds the recommended requirements to achieve playable performance. Update: some performance issues have been addressed but this title still suffers from all the same issues… just not as bad as before; hence the slight improvement in my score.I will be updating my review as this game is updated…About the Offline Co-op DebacleIt is good to see they added multiplayer support for offline co-op with an open beta (now integrated into the game) (this is an example of something that should have never been an issue in the first place; as it should have always been included)... hoping to see it flawless at a later date (note: online multiplayer support for Raid mode is being made available by a patch, but only after all four episodes of the game are released).What Should Have Been the Main FocusThe offline co-op debacle overshadowed the main issue with this game; the game is not optimized to run on the range of pcs listed on their store page; the fps issues are simply put the worst I have ever seen in a pc game.This game has dramatic framerate drops on my friends Nvidia Geforce 980 GTX (a six-hundred dollar card)… ranging from 120fps to 40fps, with occasional few second pauses during the game play… still playable for him (he is above the recommended requirements) but imagine how the game will perform if you have a computer that meets the pc minimum or the pc recommended requirements...The game is listed with the same pc requirements as the original Resident Evil Revelations, a game my computer can run at 1920by1080 with everything maxed out, but despite that, this game can't even run smoothly when I drop the resolution all the way down to 640by480 and turn everything off... so this suggests a serious problem with the optimization for pc users in general.These issues persist at every resolution with everything on or everything turned off... it makes no difference (oddly enough, the game works better with everything on and maxed).As is, this game has random one to three second pauses throughout, and most animations cause the game to go all slideshow.  From jittery animations when walking around with your character to huge drops in the framerate (fog, particles, flames, lighting effects, all cause huge drops in fps) in each (most) area throughout the first section of the game (Claire’s story) and this continues into the second half (Barry’s story) and then seems to greatly improve once oddly enough getting back to sections of the game from the first section (which were originally buggy throughout). Despite the later improvements in the framerate they do not stay this way, as all the issues mentioned earlier still come around and eventually increase tenfold during Episode 2 (Claire’s Story) as the game’s craziness mounts up (playing the game at the Survivor difficulty) the game’s framerate drops and pauses are greatly magnified, making it unplayable…. (edit 3-24-15 Episode 2 (Claire’s Story) is now playable (still not perfect)… but experiencing the above issues in the water section of Claire’s Episode 3).Consistent Problems ThroughoutThe initial firing of a gun cause deep frame drops (and can pause the game for several seconds (, a headshot causes frame drops, getting grabbed caused frame drops… I could go on and on here… so many issues with many of these; finally all of these issues also exist in Raid Mode, but the experience in most of the current maps is still better than in the actual campaign itself (snow maps and the blazing city map are the worst offenders). (update: as of 3-24-15 these issues have been reduced, but still occur just not as severe as previously mentioned)Much Needed PatchesCurrently this title has received three patches (three others if you include the earlier mentioned open beta for the offline co-op, the patch to attach the game to there.netwebsite and a patch to fix a achievement bug; released 3-23-15), but only the first patch attempted to fix issues with the game, while the second patch reverted the game back to the original released state (undoing the changes…) and the new third  (a 2nd performance patch 3-19-15) finally fixes some of the issues (currently at version 2.3) but experiencing jittery animations and pauses during episode 3 (Claire’s Campaign) are painful and after dying the game in general seems to suffer performance issues as it seems to struggle with reloading game assets...The first patch, attempted to fix issues with the variable setting being broken, more specifically it attempted to address the jittery animations when walking around with your character (also commonly called stuttering on the forums).The second patch, removed the changes made from the first patch (it had received a lot of additional complaints about lower framerates due to the first patch), so they reversed themselves and went back to the original launch settings, but also corrected two minor issues 1)part of an issue people had with the mouse staying on the screen at all times (1.0.1 public patch hides the mouse at all times if a controller is be used; but not in the offline co-op open beta) and  2) corrected the high and low shadow options in the settings.The third and latest patch 1.3 has four new changes but they do not address the bigger issues mentioned above... they are as follows 1)integrates the offline coop into the public version of the game, 2) hides the mouse cursor during movies and cutscenes, 3) ""Fix Mouse to Screen"" option can be set to OFF (this means the mouse can be moved of screen finally), and 4) they fixed a UI issue in Raid mode when your items in your Evaluation was full.The fifth patch (third to address issues in the game 3-19-15) actually does some changes in the right direction so far from tests the flame animations in the game no longer bring the game to a crawl. This makes raid maps with flames (have not tested a snow level yet) finally work (still not perfect).This patch still does not address the random pauses and animation jitter (Variable framerate option still doesn't work as it should... locking the game at 30 or 60 fps is still a better experience, but still flawed) and the fps framedrops still occur in the single player campaign (will need to test more during the campaign).  Capcom has stated they are not done patching the game, but so far this is a step in the right direction... will be updating my review with the future March 31st update..In SummaryThe offline co-op debacle overshadowed the main issue with this game; the game is not optimized to run on the range of pcs listed on their store page.Really hoping they fix it, it seems to be the case that they simply ran out of time and instead of delaying the release, they opted to just release it as is… simply heart breaking…Would not Recommend as is; you need a pc that exceeds the recommended requirements to achieve playable performance. Update: some performance issues have been addressed but this title still suffers from all the same issues… just not as bad as before; hence the slight improvement in my score (listed at the top of the page).I will be updating my review as this game is updated…"
,Recommended,287290,14729871,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Teef 🐏,dang fun
,Not Recommended,287290,14854665,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MINI,"The first Resident Evil Revelations managed to be a great game in it's own right, both on the 3DS and other platforms, unfortunately, there is no doubt that Revelations 2 is nothing more than a poor cash-grab, with next to no effort put into it, at least not on the PC.The stiff and clunky control is not the typical Resident Evil control from more modern titles, those usually work out well, they feel responsive, and I have never had an issue with them, but in Revelations 2, both aiming- and movement wise, it feels like it was put together in a matter of seconds, without testing the feel of the movement further.With terrible feedback from using your weapons, the return of the worst element of Revelations 1 (the scanning) but this time with flashlight and pointing fingers (even if you spot a shiny hidden object, you still have to ""aim"" as if it was an enemy, before you can pick the item up, terrible AI that can easily result in a cheap deaths, episodic segmentation, day-1 DLC practises and originally no co-op implemented for this port, makes it more than clear, that Revelations 2 is not worth your hard-earned money, until Capcom puts some actual effort into fixing the problems with this title.To make matters worse, the character models have a strange animation skip from time to time, which can result in awkward-feeling movement when controlling your respective character.Minor fade-outs when opening doors are also present in this title, and we are not talking about the classical ""only the door opening""-animation, just a simple opening of the door, just like in Revelations 1, but with an added fade-out to a black screen for 1 second, a flow breaker, and a unnessesary element, which serves no purpose, in an already off-track trainwreck of a title.The return of beloved characters such as Barry Burton and Claire Redfield are simply not enough to justify the abysmal ""production value"" of this PC port.I recommend getting any Resident Evil title, available on Steam, but this one.Even Resident Evil 6 plays fantastic on the PC in comparison to the 360 counter-part.This was played at max settings, using a 360 controlller."
76561198130709892,Not Recommended,287290,27474009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Ivan,♥♥♥♥ing DLC.
,Not Recommended,287290,14772023,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[EGVT] EGY-ZOMBIE,NO CO-OP  online ???   this sux .... dont get this guys ....  so sad
,Recommended,287290,26249240,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nash,"one of my ""must buy"" game on Hallowen Sale"
76561198083148911,Not Recommended,287290,22879596,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Adriangordon,not worth it. its just an average game
,Recommended,287290,14729414,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,gatekeeper,a must have for any resident evil fan
,Recommended,287290,14739156,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,csgomacho.com,This is the best Resident Evil game to come out since RE4.There is so much that this game does right.
,Recommended,287290,14857906,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,mayonetta,I threw a brick at a zombie's♥♥♥♥♥ and it died. 10/10. GOTY.
76561198179002895,Recommended,287290,14730122,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Paladin Redfield,"Until the frame drop bug gets fixed, this gets a 8/10 from me.The game is overall pretty good; there is one issue, however, that has been constantly getting to my nerves: the frame drop. It is obscene how drastic it is, one second the game is running smoothly on 60fps, then out of no where it drops to 5fps. FIVE. It is ridiculous! My computer is beyond the recommended specs for the game, and yet this happens. Frame drops at 1080p, 720p, it doesn't matter how much you lower the resolution or any other of the displays, it still happens.It is fortunate it doesn't take away much from the gameplay overall, unless you're playing raid mode, in which case it becomes tiresome to stand.BUTHEYWAITThe game is GOOD. It is, the story is good and the game is fun, and raid mode IS fun whenever it's not being a little ♥♥♥♥♥.The good thing is that it is simply a bug, it is something that can be fixed if CAPCOM set their minds to it."
76561197978569034,Recommended,287290,14736649,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Code red6>733M kill PUBG,This is a resident evil not to miss!
76561198317707187,Recommended,287290,32049586,Posted: 29 May,all,Berserker,Waiting for Resident Evil Revelations 3
76561198093584531,Not Recommended,287290,30968906,Posted: 5 April,all,-d00d-,"The control is really weird , I didn't enjoy it and it didn't suck me in like other resident evil games at the beginning. It's actually kind of boring and you kinda wonder wtf is this game trying to do? It's almost like it can't figure out if it wants to be action or survival horror.It may look good by the screenshots , but in reality the game is boring."
,Not Recommended,287290,14650541,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,yewchak,I cannot recommend this version of the game for two simple reasons:1) The PC version is the only version which does not support offline co-op2) When pre-ordering started it was never mentionned that there would be no offline co-op in the PC game.This information was added at the last minute at the bottom of the product description page.This is unnaceptable and we need to show Capcom that we will not tolerate such disrespectful and deceitful business practices.
76561198044029352,Recommended,287290,14658168,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SimonVirusIII,"So far, I've quite enjoyed this game. I'ts done exactly what it said it would do....horrify me. As a Resident Evil fan I can say the game is quite good. Yes it has it's faults, like for example it stutters and framerate drops sometimes, but i'ts never happened at a crucial point in the game. At least for me. The enemies are creepy, the A.I is decent, and the dialog between the characters is interesting. The gameplay can be clunky at times but if you've ever played a Resident Evil game you prolly won't even notice....or care. As for graphics that all depends on what your PC can handle. High-end PC's makes things prettier but it should'nt stop you from enjoying a good game if yours is'nt so great. Oh and all those whiners complaining about lack of co-op on the PC port, stop bellyaching. The game is after all a SURVIVAL HORROR and in my opinion they are best played alone, more frightening that way. Hell, the first RE games were'nt even co-op so why are you surprised.  If you want co-op go play COD or something and stop trying to force a genre to be something its clearly not."
76561197978989884,Not Recommended,287290,14660304,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,john2612003,i paid for the whole game all i got was episode 1  .im not impressed and i am thinking about quiting steam all together over this what a waste of money apart form the  stuttering  graphics
76561198010453712,Recommended,287290,14667297,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DariusRucker,"Really fun, intense game. All RE fans should play dont listen to the hipster haters."
76561198014013355,Recommended,287290,14659090,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RAZA1337,What's with all the whine? It's a great game. Online co-op will be released sometime around the release of Episode 4 in March. Local co-op? Couldn't care less!
,Recommended,287290,14644149,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,-GDL- SnugglyAnteater,"Well, it's pretty good, I guess. It's like Silent Hill, but there's an annoying ♥♥♥♥♥ named Moroi or something like thatThat follows you ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere you go... In Episode One, anyway. I'm stuck at a very stupid part.I also found a really weird, albeit ♥♥♥♥ing funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥glitchhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=398589583"
,Recommended,287290,14646139,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,4nzu,"So being a someone who likes most Resident evil games (Expect 5 and 6) i can say this is a good game, the story is interesting and i can't wait for the next episode already but i will say a few things nowPreformanceThe game runs great with everything maxed out and at no time was the game dipping below 60 fpsMy specs for anyone who cares:http://i.imgur.com/LQYpvFz.pngControlsI don't have my ps3 controller set up so been using keyborad and mouseMy only real compainment is mouse acceleration, Aiming feels awful due to this and i really hope they will patch the game so it can be turned off.GameplayThe gameplay feels like Revelations 1 so that's a plus if you played Revelations 1If you haven't played those i feels like a bit of a RPG-shooter with upgrades hidden around the levels you can use to upgrade your weapons damage, firerate,reload and even ammo type with minor puzzlesStoryThe story is interesting i won't spoil anything so you will have to play that yourself.OverallI feel this is a nice installment to the Resident Evil series and i can't wait for the rest of the episodes to come out."
76561197966110935,Recommended,287290,14657216,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JollyYellow,"Once you get past the vitriol about PC Co-op and Capcom's baffling decision to string the game out this is a solid experience that brings back the limited resource management of earlier Resident Evil games. It was jarring to get rid of the acrobatics of Resident Evil 6 but this is made up by the character switching system that lets you take the reins when the partner AI isn't cooperating. So far there aren't unfair cutscene quicktime events, here's hoping that remains the same for the rest of the episodes.Update: After Episode 4 release and patch 2.2.Plagued by more than a few technical issues but Capcom did eventually patch them up, expect framerate issues but not nearly to the same degree as when Episode 1 launched. GREAT NEWS THOUGH! No unfair cutscene quicktime events throughout the game!Overall:Plot is decent B movie material and is pretty good by Resident Evil standards. Only complaint is that breaking it up into chunks made it exceedingly easy to spot problems in the writing, one of the important parts of a B movie is not giving the viewer the chance to notice plot holes until the end credits roll. Gameplay is solid but once again the splitting into chunks really puts roadblocks on the resource management. RAID mode gives you plenty to do although the difficulty curve starts off rather shallow.On an end note Capcom should try more experimental projects like this with the Resident Evil property."
76561198026948127,Recommended,287290,14670937,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SwanSaivos,"Allow me to get this through any one who scrolls by this review, as I don't write many reviews:Capcom can't make PC ports, and neither can any goddamn Fapanese, or any Asian company out there. Don't even try. The only reason why any ""professional reivewer"" isn't ratting these asshats out even harder than they already are is because they don't ♥♥♥♥ up like Ubisoft does, and because they are not ♥♥♥♥ed up like EA is. EA and Ubisoft is a failed company and a failure will always be a failure, once they fall low, and that's that. Unless one of God's angels comes down and brings Capcom and all other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies back up from the grave, they will always continue to pump out games that will always fail on ports like the PC because they have no skill in coding for that port. No one wants these games. Stop buying them. I say, as soon as you see enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games being produced that are indeed ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"", stop buying the next one and the next one and the next. If they failed the first 3 times, what the ♥♥♥♥ makes you think that they are going to succeed and charm everyone's hearts the goddamn fourth time?!♥♥♥♥ it, no one cares. Stop buying from corrupt companies, because you are becoming a sheep who is eaten by the wolf, alive... and you will dribble your blood onto the fields until you cannot see any more life left in you.I laugh and spit into the mouths of those who give into this nonsense, and if it's not Monsanto ♥♥♥♥ing up the world, it got to be something as seemingly pointless as a ""gaming company"". Oooohh, as if there wasn't a war going on in parts of the world, or terrorist organisations decapitating heads of certain religions, now we got so-called innocent gaming companies doing harm, and feeding the lives of even our own children with lies and deceit.Resident Evil Revelation 2, is one of these lies. We consume countless of them like a distressed man gobbling up pills to lay himself to waste until he finds out he's in a hospital getting his stomach pumped. It's just like that! We hand out endless supplies of this green paper that we use every day to these gaming companies and what do they do? They in return give us these ""games"", and like a child who just got his first gift on Christmas, we pop it into our gaming system and before we know it, we wriggle around in a web of lies as the corrupt corporation, the spider, sinks his fangs into our writhing body and he wraps us up in his web and we are no more...Why must we feed these men, these men in suits as they offer us delicious supplies of lies, that are these video games to sate our appetites. Why? Because money talks and we want more and more and more of it, until we burst. Our gluttonous selves, the ones that give into this filth.... We bring it upon ourselves, and we deliver to their minds what they always want. What anyone wants through a bit of sin, happiness and ecstacy...A bit dramatic, but only to get the point across. ;)"
76561197992596330,Not Recommended,287290,24062790,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Deaf2heart,"Local co op only, no online co op. Seriously?Campaign, chapter one: cutscene, cutscene, walk around for a bit cutscene. With skiping (thank god) that was the first 10 min of the game.Just... no... I'm never buying a Resident evil game again, this series is dead."
,Recommended,287290,22893819,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FixsterX,very good game nice
,Recommended,287290,14831607,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Akira49,"EDIT Review 09.04.2015:I have finally purchased all episodes including bonus ones. The recent patches for game helped a lot with unstable FPS but the problem is still there at some points. The story is great, lots of dark places which could spook some people. Its compelling and well written, better than revelations 1. Finally there are no QTE's !! No need to hammer the buttons and wiggle the sticks to play the game.As for difficulty of the game it's good. there is not much ammunition so conserve your shots and go melee as much as you can.The RAID mode is really amazing, recently it's got coop mode included in recent patch so now you can play with your friend :D If the game could support Campaign coop that would be just icing on the cake.With insane amount of replayability I recommend this game with pure conscience, it's great value for complete season pack."
,Recommended,287290,14731886,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sniper Cartman,"They really took a different approach with Revelations 2, there are some things that are very familiar from Revelations 1 and then there are some things that are more familiar with the other Resident Evil games like 4,5 and 6.  I personally like the set up more than the first Revelations but thats only because the first one was so different then the other Resident Evil games.  So basically you can say this is a continuations from Revelations 1 (to an extent) but at the same time they went back to the roots of Resident Evil games and brought many aspects of it back to the Revelations series.The only thing that I dont like so far is the amount of bugs and issues i've found within just playing the game, not as well polished as some of the other games.  Its a little dissappointing but at the same time I'm sure they will get fix, until then with only being able to play Episode 1, i'd give the game a 4 out of 5 stars."
76561198075448291,Recommended,287290,14842432,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Charles Vane,"yeah the game suffers from fps issues and my notebook aint that powerful to run this game, but i still play it with 1280x720 and min settings, the story itself is amazing and it makes me feel like im watchin movie,give it a shot you dont have to play it with max settings at all,it still has decent graphs even with lowest settings"
76561197970136463,Not Recommended,287290,14647553,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,metaidiocy,"Not recommended. Capcom and their steam page here gave offline co-op as one of their features untill a day or so ago, when they suddenly removed coop as a listed feature at all. This is either a purposeful deception or an unproffesional, clumsy mistake and either way its left many buyers in the lurch.As of right now the game in playable for me and many others due to severe frame drops/stutters for no apparent reason (read the forums). My system is much more than adequate to run the game, with its small environments and mediocre graphics. Do NOT buy untill you hear this issue has been fixed!!!"
76561198082220177,Not Recommended,287290,14781965,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Deadlift Lolita,"The framerate drop problem is not solved yet, still not playable......."
76561198078314824,Not Recommended,287290,14784363,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Seriousman,"I've been holding off on playing this game until they fixed the tremendous lag that everyone kept on talking about. And since they said they've already fixed it, I decided to finally play it. And I was pleasantly surprised to see it was still lagging like hell (even on low settings.) I can't recommend this game. Not until they release a patch that actually fixes the issues."
,Not Recommended,287290,14961285,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Fiesteh,Dont buy if u have a awesome pc.i have a decent pc and still cant play because of the frame rate.wasted 7 dollars...
76561198046136782,Not Recommended,287290,23604217,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,EoNeoGamer,"Hate the way they broke the game up into episodes. Bought it, liked it, went ""wtf?"" when I finished the first episode and got credits rolling. Wish I turned off game when I made dinner last night, would have gotten a refund. Personally going to stay away from Capcom and RE"
,Recommended,287290,14644773,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ryzen_Core,"played through up till barrys level and my game crashed, nice game if it just keeps crashing in the same spot after the little girl in white turns off the power?"
,Not Recommended,287290,14649551,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Edmundo Studios,Not sure what all the fuss is about with performance I'm getting over 100 fps on my GTX 770.The game feels solid for it's price range and raid mode is fun. Only thing I would like is an online mode which is strangly not included yet was on the 3ds.Edit:After playing Raid mode I have noted there are serious performance hits which make the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,287290,14656371,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,marissa830,Very choppy
76561197974105367,Recommended,287290,14656724,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,METAL,"i will add my review to each episode once i have played it several times to get a better impression.EPISODE 1had a good time playing it. playing as claire again is certainly refreshing since RE2 (CV was never released for pc) and the best part: you can play as barry too.as in the first revelations, you have a partner with you. only this time you can switch between them and use their abilities. when playing as claire, she is the fighter, you have moria, who is not a fighter, but can find and pinpoint hidden items with her torch, so as blinding enemies, giving a moment to switch back to claire and perform a malee attack or to evade them. moria can stun enemies with her crowbar if you can sneak behind an enemy and even finish them off if they are on the ground.playing as barry, who is the fighter, you have a small girl called natalia with you, who has the same abilities as moria by pinpointing hidden items but without a torch. she on the other hand can see enemies through walls and even spot weak points. her only defense is throwing bricks at enemies. she is also able to reach places through small holes and passages.the game it self is dark, gritty by going through tide corridors and the story does seem to be interesting. the characters are so far interesting, especially natalia, and also well voice acted.had no issues playing with M&K either.did not play the raid mode since i was never interested in it.EPISODE 2i had even a better time with it than with epi 1. obviously the story reveals it self more and this time we also find out who the villain is. we see how these bracelets effect the person when he/she is too afraid, in a rather grotesques way (obviously).claires path leads this time in a worn down, abandoned (besides the enemies of course) town which was actually creepy. it was dark, dusty, with tide corridors when being indoors and some new enemies. you encounter some survivors of claires work place who are momentarily with her and moira. you also bump in to natalia who is with you for a rather short time.also this time you have some boss fights that are tense enough. also holding your ground in a house was actually suspensful.barrys path continues with natalia looking for his now believed to be dead daughter. you reach other places which were inaccessible with claire and moira and eventually walk along the same places you were earlier with claire. barry encounters invisible enemies which only natalia can see. it surely adds more tension since you have to keep switching between them to see were they are. also natalia seems to be targeted. which makes her even more interesting.over all; it is slowly progressing to where it is leading. the gameplay is still solid and surely added a bit more horror in to it. so i would call episode 2 a step forward.EPISODE 3very much an improvement to the previous episodes. the HUBs are much bigger for exploring, a lot more puzzles that are not too hard to solve but still good. also takes much longer to finish the episode.claire and moira are forced in to some abandoned factories, one of them being a slaughterhouse. faced with few deadly traps and a decent amount of puzzles to solve. of course there has to be a sewer level infested with monsters and more puzzles ready to be solved.by the end of their campaign, the game tries to surprise you with an rather expected twist, that leads to a boss fight. the boss was actually joyful but cant say it was too challenging.barry and natalia were able to escape the tower. this time barry explains as to why he and moira have such a harsh relationship and why moira is afraid of firearms. not to surprising in my view but it gave the characters more depth and that even protagonists arent perfect. so this was very well established.this time you only walk a small amount of the paths you were earlier with claire and moira. you spend half of the time in the sewers and the other half at an abandoned mining facility that also included a boss fight for once. in the sewers, you had to switch a lot between barry and natalia to escape. it wasnt too difficult but suspenseful enough.and natalia is still being very mysterious as to what she is and what she is capable (if at all) of doing.over all; it is in my view the best episode so far. the amount of puzzles were really good, the time it took to complete it and generally it was suspenseful with more revelations about the characters and obviously the story.EPISODE 4the final episode is out and its good. this time we have unlockable costumes including the original costume for claire from RE2, so as barrys STARS uniform from RE1.it also contains 2 endings: a good one and a bad one.clairs part is really short. its mainly escaping the tower with just a handful of enemies in your way. the boss fight...well, its not what you expect. will not spoil that part.barry is the main focus in this episode. spending some time in the mines and later on in a mansion that has no resemblance to the mansion from RE1 but it does give this feeling never the less in a good way.natalia gets finally revealed who she is and it depends on the ending you get as well.over all, a good episode. not as good as episode 3 in my view but still creepy. capcom has released a patch that makes the game run very smoothly. the added extras available like costumes are an welcoming addition just alone seeing barry and claire in their original costumes.since i have purchased the season pass edition, it comes with 2 extra episodes. at this stage i have to spoil them because it relates to the main campaign. so for those who dont want to know, STOP READING HERE.""the struggle""this episode is about how moira survived on the island for the last 6 months. the russian guy we encountered for a short time in episode 3, patched her up and trained her to hunt and to survive. you can play him as well but since he has only the sniper rifle you will play mainly as moira since she has a bigger selection on weapons. there was only one section you had to be stealthy which was alright but nothing to get excited about.its like raid mode in other words. survive waves of monsters in a given time at different locations. thats it.i can not recommend this episode.""little miss""that was a nice episode as to how natalia ended up with barry and got her powers.you play as her and an evil version of natalia. conveniently in a black dress.good natalia has no defense what so ever. she also doesnt have her ability. you have to sneak your way around the monsters. once you are seen, its over.evil natalia on the other hand can walk in front of monsters without them hurting her. also she has the ability to see monsters. so its pretty much sending her first to get a better picture how you navigate good natalia through the area without being seen.natalia is being led by her evil self to find her lost toy, by finding letters throughout several parts of the island that should bring her to her toy.not a terrible episode. was a bit different to be stealthy only. worth a try."
76561198003814380,Recommended,287290,14649867,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,amtzone,nice game...loving it
,Not Recommended,287290,14655225,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Usagi,"My very first Resident Evil game in my library, everything works well until ...Stuttering when playing campaign mode, fps drops at certain placesI seriously don't mind to have only single player AI controlled game..I just hate to buy an incomplete game and the developer sells "" DLC "" for inventory slots, there's no point to get tons of gold in Raid Mode if you're gonna just buy weapons and upgrade kits .Was actually hoping to purchase Raid Mode inventory with in game Gold, not real life currency ..Still .. i wouldn't recommend this game to friends or family .. First RE game, and i got this crap."
76561198111924507,Recommended,287290,14644867,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Cal_Unbreakable,"Buzzing around with Barry is always fun since we don't get to see the guy so often! I love resident evil all around so any new made game is a plus in my book, they just went on a different path with this one by releasing it in season/episodes. Very short for the first time around but fun, i can't wait for more of this. Rating: 9.75/10"
76561198150933393,Recommended,287290,14644605,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,fullynickmate,"I just finished the first chapter of revelations 2 after waiting so long. was i happy with it? HELL YESS!!! So much replaability. If u are a resi fan, get this"
,Recommended,287290,14661757,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hyf1re,"New and exciting! First part feels very much like classic Resident Evil. I highly recommend to turn down the camera motion settings if you use a sensitive mouse, it can be very annoying. Great graphics!"
76561198066396477,Not Recommended,287290,14654857,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dreadz,god awefuli started it up and it lagged trough the cut sceansin game the screen jumped all over the placegot my friend to also preorder on the promis of co-opnow there is nonevfeel very ripped off
76561198060333575,Recommended,287290,14644162,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Arctic Kyros,"Grate game sofar (as of Ep1) other than a minor bug with framerate, I had an amazeing time playing the 2 story missions.There is NO need for Story Co-op due to your partner rly not playing a huge part in conbat."
76561198082565699,Not Recommended,287290,30804153,Posted: 28 March,all,Mildly Offensive Salmon,"I thought I was getting a good Resident Evil game for $5.99. Turns out I was getting the firsttwo levelsof a Resident Evil game. After you beat those first two levels, the game makes you fork over more cash to keep playing. On the plus side, the ""uninstall"" button worked perfectly."
76561198036597982,Recommended,287290,14829823,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KyoKunChan,Yes it has no Online Co-Op for storyline but I can get over that. The game is fun overall and Raid Mode is a blast. March 17 Co-Op online for Raid Mode will be out and that will make it that much better.Would Give It A 8.5/10. Its a good pick up.
,Recommended,287290,14899516,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DX3108,"Great game, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lagging issue really turn me off !!!!!"
,Recommended,287290,14723060,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,☣PonyKing™,For now... if you ask me what did I hate in this game?I will tell you: the story too short.
76561198052280492,Recommended,287290,14899891,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Turok,"The campaign's first chapter was a little short lived but the monster design was quite good.But it definitely didn't deliver the horror I expected .At least there's going to be more chapters, so it gives me some hope they can polish themup a bit better.As for the new raid mode, it is incredibly easy unlike the first Revelations which makesit boring quite quickly."
,Recommended,287290,14693738,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,xinNeth.,"After completing the first episode, i really have nothing but good things to say about this game. Gameplay is solid, well thought out. Most games that have 2 playable characters rarily make it worth while actually utilising the feature. In RER2 it works well.Level Design: Coming into the game, i had heard that people did not like the level design. Now, i have to agree its not exactly ground breaking design, or even very original. However, levels are well thought out. Many a time i saw an area i could not get to with my current set of characters, only to find i could get there with the other set when there stories intertwined.Graphics are, by no means, out of this world. They are smooth, look nice, and ran perfectly fine on my computer.If you are a fan of Resident Evil, this is a 9/10 must buy. If you are not a previous fan or player. Then this is an 8/10 worth checking out. Gameplay, for me, is the perfect balance of action and survival horror. Story, so far, is awesome. Perfect amount of story telling for you to know whats going on, with all the ""WTF"" moments resident evil usually offers. The ending of episode 1, left me absolutely gagging for more, and i cant wait for future episodes!8/10 This game, is Super fun.(I have not checked out RAID mode yet, but again, have heard pretty good things about it)"
76561197997933523,Recommended,287290,14707354,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,cntrlaltdel101,"Sure there's no split screen coop but the rest of the package are excellent.Main campaign highly replayable and raid mode is brilliant. This review is based on chapter 1 only, cant wait for the next installment.As for performance issues, i've had none."
76561198007236390,Recommended,287290,14709063,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,alopho,"Pro: It's Resident evil, need more motivation to play?Cons: Easy game and too short the first Epsode."
,Recommended,287290,14829884,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Downtown Drunk,"If you are a fan of the first Revelation game, then you'll love this game.PROs:Controls feel tight and the dodge mechanic actually worksBarry Burton is a playable characterCapcom's award winning writingCONs:Single player is a bit clunky (Each character has a specialty, which can make solving puzzles a bit awkward)Capcom special way of telling a story"
,Not Recommended,287290,34513617,Posted: 26 August,all,DeadnCryin,no connection to play single player. DO NOT BUY THIS CRAPPY♥♥♥♥♥♥OF A GAME
,Not Recommended,287290,22373133,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Takesoff,BAD GAME
76561198038740654,Not Recommended,287290,23038390,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,RoboticRonin,"Game itself is good, co-op is a pain. WTF Capcom, this wouldnt matter if RE6 on pc didnt have it either, and if the console versions didnt have it. Save yourself some time, just get the console version."
76561197971364766,Recommended,287290,34321597,Posted: 17 August,all,UnDeAd.,"awesome game, love all the resident evil games"
,Not Recommended,287290,14782868,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mr.Rampage11410,"This is my first review so im going to be derict I dont think this game is best designed for the PC. The frame rate more or less dies as soon as anything happens. The keyboard mouse controls felt a little unnatural and using the controllor was just fustrating (aiming at stationary target (the medals) should not  of been that annoying). Turning down graphics and disabling steam overlay helped a little but not enough for the game to be enjoyable, and then there was the random crashing that I was experiencing. However what I have played of the game; it more or less plays like a resident evil game. Think resident evil 4 with a pinch of resident evil 0 thrown in there for good luck. I imagin the game its self is good but the amount of problem i've experienced so far has just put me off it at the moment. I'm going to wait for the xbox 360 version to be released in retail stores. In truth I dont think I can recommend this game and that pains me to say that being a big resident evil fan.EDIT: Didn't bother waiting for retail and have now played episode 1 fully and it played much better on the Xbox 360."
76561198026555836,Not Recommended,287290,14785129,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Banjo,"I have heard a lot about all the crashes, bugs, and glitches this game has. Now that I bought the latest episodes for $12, I see all those rumors were right. I can't even play due to one particular bug. Once I get the part where I select my difficulty, the game then crashes and pops up with a window saying ""Fatal error. E_FAIL : present_result"". Until Capcom can fix all of these bugs and potential graphics problems, I'd stay away from Resident Evil Revelations 2."
,Not Recommended,287290,14955086,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Papa's in the House,"I want to love this game, I really do, and it seems interesting as all hell, but seriously. Capcom has some issues with PC ports. Running this game is a literal nightmare. I cant go five minutes without a framerate drop so severe it almost crashes the game, and it continuously does this until it does crash. The mechanics run smoothly enough, the combat system is pretty decent, and the atmosphere is better than the latest installments. It seems like it would be an amazing entry into the series, if I could JUST PLAY IT WITHOUT ISSUES. I seriously hope this issue is resolved in the future. I would give this game a positive rating if not for the severe framerate issue. I cant even play it, and i dont have the BEST PC, but i can run similar games with these specs without such an issue. I would highly reccomend buying it on a console rather than a PC until the issue is fixed. If it is fixed, hopefully my review will change."
,Recommended,287290,14825388,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SilentHunt,"I'm dreaming of good online coop re, like re5, but it doesn't looks like revelations 2 can have it, because of many reasons. So, revelations 2 is a very good single player game, i like it!Keep it up, Capcom!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14785595,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Girimasquirrel,This game could be really good if it wasnt for the many many graphical errors that make it almost unpalyable most of the time
,Recommended,287290,20149478,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Riley the Spoopy Woof,The Story is before the event of Resident Evil 6 and I like the gameplay very much. I love the characters swap between each situations in game(Like in Resident Evil Zero)
,Not Recommended,287290,22314596,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sovereign Star,"This game's ending suck ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Don't buy it, it's another Japanese crap and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,287290,25221992,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sentient Clitoris,First episode was good it had something going and the story sounded good until the second it got♥♥♥♥♥♥from there.
,Recommended,287290,14656373,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sp0oky F1sh,"I guess I lucked out. I got through the first chapter/season with no performance problems or anything. My specs are:i7-3770GTX 9808gb of ramAsRock Z77 mobo256gb SSD3tb HDDCreative Sound Blaster ZBesides that I've been enjoy the game quite a bit. It feels pretty much the same as the first Revelations, but the graphics have been slightly enhanced, the enemy variety is MUCH better, I find it to be scarier, there's more depth to the game itself, and the gameplay feels a little different. This is especially apparent in regards to how weapons work this time. It feels like guns actually have weight to them and handle in a more 'realistic' way. This is most evident with automatic rifles where your sight will start to stray upwards the longer you hold the trigger instead of remaining in the same place.Although I am not really pleased with all the day-1 DLC, none of it will inhibit you from the game. The episodic take Capcom is doing is interesting to say the least. I'm a pretty patient person, but I will admit that the ending of season 1 got me really excited for the next part and I guess the waiting is supposed to build suspense in a way. The only way this could end bad is if the ending of the overall game turns out to be really, really lame, which I don't think will be the case.It's a shame that so many people are having performance issues because, even though there has been next to zero relation to the first RER so far, in terms of gameplay it is definitely a step up. This is will definitely be something to consider once all the major bugs are sorted out."
,Recommended,287290,28464737,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Skyguy™,"This game is totally awesome! I Love it :Dbut sad is that you can find no one for the Raidmod.I want to level up my other Characters, and my friends don't have ever the time to play with me.So, now to the Story XDDD i love the Story.The Story is soo awesome, but these Glasps argh i hate them XDI Love it all :DBut pls fix the bugs XD i played with a friend and there was a no spawning enemy level XD"
,Not Recommended,287290,19929808,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The IG Hero,"If your like me you have 3 monitors and multitask alot. Let me warn you this game has no Borderless Fullscreen mode its either windowed at a exact resolution or fullscreen... I can play fullerscreen alt tab the game and hurt my graphic's card for doing my normal day to day multitasking(ofcourse i dont want to hurt me PC alt tabbing fullscree ngames)... so I had to play in windowed mode 1600x900 and its not even streched to full the whole screen making this game a pain to see...This is another chip in capcoms bad PC port pile and at this point im just done with try... If they won't think about PC graphic options now in 2015, I dont think they ever will... Its a shame because from what I played it was decent but when it hurts my eyes to play your game, You really didnt think about your PC players at all and it hurts even more..."
76561198258051991,Not Recommended,287290,28706014,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mengvueffr44,Buy if your a resident evil fan. The game is ok lack of content and story. Only raid mode has something of it's worth but storywise it is okish which make up my main 22 hrs of gameplay along with completely 1-4 once which was short for what it was worth. Also steam support refund policy will not help you refund whatever episode content you have barely play for ex. less than 10-15 min of gameplay or when you will feel that what you brought was really worth it or not cause I obviously did not enjoy the extra dlc episode it was trash or when the days have yet expire from it's 14 day policy. This here was a mistake for me to buy as a fan with steam poor policy and services of their refund and support because crapcom can only maintain the in-game content cash dlc but when buying something from the steam store webpage it will not help you provide the needed services you need. Just trash completely utterly total trash services and crapcom itself for this improper revelation series not worth my money for this game...So beware and don't make the same mistake as I did when buying this on a christmas sale.
,Not Recommended,287290,23773067,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,R-A-S-0,"Didn't enjoy the first episode as much as the original RE:R.While the 1st episode is often deeply discounted, Capcom seems reticent to give the remaining episodes the same treatment, meaning you might have trouble finding a good deal on the complete game.Unfortunately, I was unable to play the game for very long because the low FOV made me ill. Currently, the only way to change the FOV is by hex editing the .exe, which, frankly, is more work that I'm willing to put into a game I'm not too fussed about. The game seemed decent enough; I might go back and play  the other episodes when they recieve a discount, and 3rd party tools render them playable for me.If you are similarly afflicted, I would recommend waiting for a fix. Otherwise, it's an okayish start to a Resident Evil game - check it out if you're a fan of the series."
,Not Recommended,287290,20613843,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zombalzz,"Disappointed , no local co op !Come on Capcom , why are you punishing PC gamers?"
,Not Recommended,287290,24255663,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lord Martin,"Got stuck under some shelves 10 minutes in.  Repeated the game and still got stuck under same shelves.  Online Guides say that at this point a monster is attacking me and I must fight it off - well there was no monster, and i couldnt move at all. Sucky game"
76561198067703258,Not Recommended,287290,22311806,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,zigzag_blazer,sad game end of
,Not Recommended,287290,15909997,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,dian~[plue5],its loading time....it took me 5 minutes for each loadingthe worst Resident Evil Series ever.
,Recommended,287290,28676574,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪ Zryn77,good game
,Recommended,287290,14741790,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hanjooks,"Like all of you, I've read a good number of reviews on this game. This is what I've experienced with my playthrough:-Little if any framerate issues ( i5-3570k + gtx 670).-Good controls; Nothing really felt wonky. After spending some time getting used to the controls, it felt natural, at least to me.-Raid Mode is, IMO, pretty fun.-Campaign was, for the price, was decent. Love seeing Barry.-Not really related to the game in general but I really like that I can just buy the 1st episode and not pay full price for a experience I might not like.-I found the partner system (particularly Barry/Natalia) to be cool.-Atmosphere is nice. Quite a few times I dreaded turning that next corner.Overall, I feel I got my money's worth and I will probably get the next episode.Lastly, would I recommend this game to others? Yes and No. To those looking for the classic Resident Evil experience, you won't find it here. However, for those that enjoyed the playstyle of Revelations 1, RE5, and RE6, I think you'll find it satisfying."
,Recommended,287290,14673764,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,still kinda hungry,"Has Hunk 100/10 would buy.-No unlockable costumes yet-Skills are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Mouse aiming kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Frames are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, in some areas.-Has Hunk-No Tofu-Decent story-Great atmosphere-No coop sadlife-Stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing episode ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-No LMG in Raid Mode-English Voice Acting is Garbage. Play it in diff language without subtitles, cause them subtitles are about as accurate as the bible.Final verdict: 6.5/10Buy it when it goes on sale."
76561198212265249,Recommended,287290,25510256,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Colonel Fatman,purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrfakenFECTTTTTTTTTTT!!!! JAMPSCARES EVERYWHEREEEEE <3
,Recommended,287290,23700172,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Baby Girl-,My dishes are very delicious ~~ nyum nyum xD
76561198209805343,Recommended,287290,30197549,Posted: 26 February,all,BurntGaming,love it
76561198118784207,Recommended,287290,19303841,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,I'm So Sorry Loe,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198159458295,Recommended,287290,32478038,Posted: 16 June,all,Disgruntled Bladerunner,Its good enough for a Resident Evil game .7/10
76561198281756135,Recommended,287290,32268732,Posted: 8 June,all,Salt Lord,I HAVE THIS! (but also another Code Veronica just a Larger cast and no shoehorned romance ft Steve 'I ♥♥♥♥ing Died' Burnside)
76561198206214457,Recommended,287290,32407782,Posted: 14 June,all,Rosi,many bugs but good game
,Recommended,287290,14715063,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Berserkir55,"Currently i'we completed episode 1, and played a bunch of Raid Mode, and i'd like to say that the game exceeded my expectations, it's excelent if you ask me:D"
76561198106972901,Recommended,287290,14717772,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Zombie,"I love it! I have been following the Resident Evil series from the start and this game has put a smile on my face. I heard mixed reviews before buying it myself, i decided that haters are gonna hate. I think the game is fun and exciting and i look forward to the second episode so i can continue my journey. Resident Evil will always be one of my favorites, no matter what."
,Recommended,287290,14718380,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hulay Hoop,"It's about damn time! - Said any fan of the Resident Evil Franchise. In the first five minutes of cut-scene during the game, you are re-introduced to Claire Redfield, whom you never thought you'd see again, and acquianted with a family member of a character you'd thought was forgotten: Moira, Barry's daughter. If the opening cut-scene is not enough to throw your attention an excitement into this game in full force, you clearly don't understand how to 'tie up ends' very well. The textures are amazing, the ambience and general eerie atmosphere is back with the heavy hitter monsters included. Capcom has managed to use Revelatons 2 as lifeboat to save the ship that they had nearly sunk with six - and we're only one episode in. Worth the time and the money. Back this. Dear god, back the heck out of this."
76561198155733158,Recommended,287290,14688256,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Legendary NewType,"I can see what Capcom is trying to do here by coping telltales games style which is  releasing episodes of the game (just like the walking dead). And this time the old resident evil is back! (the Horror style!) The gamplay are very game (easy to understand) and i love the way they set up the atmospther it builds up the ""afraidness"" ( i can't explain it), it makes you keep your guards up all the time ( some time i painc shoot) and the story is intersting and im looking forward to the next episodesNote: I might not sense what im saying but you should give it a try. it's really good the way they set up the atmospher.another Note: I know that some (most) people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the co-op mode well deal with it, the Developer well fix it just enjoy the game. (Geez)"
76561198175021557,Recommended,287290,14704330,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Legion,love lots of fun can't wait till chapter 2 10/10
76561198049298362,Recommended,287290,14713290,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Snugglesme,I like the game nice gfx nice video i see the lag and stutters  I lowerd the screen resolution and seems to play fine my screen is 1366x768 and the screen settings is 1280x720 in game and seems fine no lag or stutter.
,Recommended,287290,26296137,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,igreenabdo,nice
,Not Recommended,287290,30318655,Posted: 4 March,all,Phillip IV,"It's a typical resident evil game with jumpscares and pressing buttons like F,space,E  half of the game.But the good thing is, you are playing as a really beautiful babe and your companion is a decent looking emo babe who never stops complaining under any circumstances.Still don't buy the episodes they sell them seperately like EA and not all episodes are with claire you play as some other guy later"
,Not Recommended,287290,19283392,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hekken -PP-,lófasz geci
76561198333200881,Recommended,287290,26261350,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LadySorun,โครตหน้ากลัว
,Recommended,287290,28461377,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Koppent,good game
76561198062297348,Not Recommended,287290,19346993,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,midianmistress,"As much as I love RE, I have found yet another game in the franchise that tried too hard, and got less than nowhere.  First problem, the frame rate is screwy, no matter what you set your own to, the game will not work properly.  I could HEAR the entire opening scene, but I couldn't see it.  Character development might have been nice, but I couldn't see it to judge fairly.  Enemies (because of the fps problem) literally materialized either from nowhere, or a minute after their sound were heard.  Really screwed with whatever enjoyment of the game I might have had.  The interface with the mouse and keyboard didn't quite sync up, making pulling or using a weapon detrimental to my health, lol.  I ended up returning it after an hour of ""gameplay"".  Thats in quotes because most of the time I was on pause, trying to figure out or reconfigure the controls so I could play."
76561197968234560,Not Recommended,287290,20601783,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,CataCombs,"Im a big RE fan with 4 being my favorite. That said I found this to be the most boring RE game yet. This is a budget game and it shows throughout.  Environments are blocky and dull. The story is 'meh'.  Worst of all is that the gameplay feels generic and forces  you to switch betweeen a normal character and a helpess one. But playing as a helpless little girl doesnt make things more scray or intense, its just tedious. Was a chore to finish. And to top it all off, in order to get the 'good' ending you have to NOT do a quicktime event. You know, the ones where you have to react in a split second or else its game over. Thats right, in order to get the good ending you have to NOT do this. WTF"
76561198087191789,Not Recommended,287290,23936228,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Just A Politoed,"Low frame rate, crashes when trying to change the graphics settings, full of DLC. Dont waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,287290,20231621,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Powerthorn Windborne,Litteral trash.  not worth the 90 cents i payed for it
,Recommended,287290,31293330,Posted: 22 April,all,Rens Agatha,I even cant play it on my intel HD graphic... :vAboutRateArt/graphicNot BadGameplayNot badMusicNot badPlaytimeLittle longStoryNot badRecommended?Yescan Low Spec User play this game?NO!!!How many Game BugNo found any bugDLC worth?Wait until Sale burh.....Review Version 1.0
,Recommended,287290,14652309,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CdrBystro,"Stutteryu graphics till I set frame rate to 30fps.  Personally I enjoyed it, gameplay far better than Revelations 1, new enemies are decent design and humour back to RE1 was well done.  I'm looking forward to more episodes to try the game more.  I appreciate people are missing the local coop, This wasn't a factor for me but I can see why it's upsetting for folk.  I'm willing to give it a chance for the price.  Here's hoping."
,Recommended,287290,14652377,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BSHADOWS4LIFE,"I am not disliking this at all, for the price it's worth every penny, I love that the episodes are broken up, makes it feel like a TellTale game..........Yet you have full control and keeps you wondering who's behind everything.Something is telling me, this will lead back to the events of Code Veronica. But from a gameplay and graphics standpoint, it's a easy 9.It feels like Code Veronica and The Last of Us has a child, yet smoother and bug free..Game is a blast so far and great voice acting. Super gory and nice sound effects.Be sure to play in dark with headphones or surround PC speakers....you won't remember.I will edit my review on total package when I have all 4 episodes."
,Recommended,287290,15203617,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,If U Seek Amy,♥♥♥♥ing technology
,Not Recommended,287290,28909247,Posted: 1 January,all,Gwapingto,"That fraking FPS drop and delayed cinematic audio, the fudge is this game?"
76561198026153023,Not Recommended,287290,20059831,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,donodragon,this game has a stupid ending
76561198021757575,Not Recommended,287290,14704178,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,"Well I Dont Know What To Say CAPCOM!!!On How Bad This Game Is!The Story Is Outstanding An Game Play..But No Co Op For Story Like Promissed..An Not Even The Whole Game Have To Wait For The Rest..Wait Till All Episodes Come Out For Buy!!!I Will Buy Resident Evil 0, 2 , 3, Survivor, Code Veronica-x, Out Break 1 &2..If They Come Out On Steam But If Capcom Makes A New Resident Evil GameI Think Im Done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14838273,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LexyLove,"The frame rate drops are insane, the game is completely unplayable. it needs to be fixed quick!!!!"
,Not Recommended,287290,14651050,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,Don't buy this crap Capcom can suck a duck! Those fcktards anounced the game being coop on the Steam page and decided not to add it in the PC version after everyone including me pre-ordered the game. That's fracking theft and i hope they all die from aids!
,Not Recommended,287290,15844855,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,assault satan,This game is bullhit and it promised co-op. Nothing such is found and I also was tricked to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥on sale BUT IT CONTAINS ONE EPISODE of this♥♥♥♥♥alike. Nothing even remotely similar to co-op was not found in this game and overal quality is garbage. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I swear I am not gonna buy any game anymore beginning with the word resident. Holy ♥♥♥♥ing hell me and my friend just wanted a quick cheap co-op game AND THIS ♥♥♥♥ER DOES NOT EVEN CONTAIN ONE! What the ♥♥♥♥ were they thinking. BUY SOME MORE OF THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME MORE EPISODES OMG MORE MONEY AND CRYSTALS WITH MORE MONEY. I've never been this disappointed in my life. Buying Driv3r was a better bargain than this piece of colon mucus.
,Not Recommended,287290,14644116,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,"I am Resident evil fan i am very disapointed about this game cause when i play the game i experiencing poorly frame rate drop, bugs and glitches in the game so i hope that capcom will fix it :/"
,Not Recommended,287290,33176634,Posted: 3 July,all,Nanietté,"Really fun game, but extremely short, i played the whole thing in 2 hours.You have to buy dlc episodes in order to continue which is stupid, so im gonna pirate it instead."
,Not Recommended,287290,14655982,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Emego,i want money back !
,Not Recommended,287290,14661054,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,12♔,Very regret buying this game
,Not Recommended,287290,14714297,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PyroPanda,Right from the start i can see the gameplay is nice but the random FPS drop to from 100+ to 15fps is just a no go.  and until it's fixed i wont recommend.
,Not Recommended,287290,14828338,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Blackwatch,An unoptimized piece of crap
76561198009779678,Not Recommended,287290,14692855,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KatArus,"Was going to do pros/cons but it doesn't really go that way. Overall it feels like Resident Evil 4 - 2 wannabe, Gameplay mechanic itself is good, but everything else... just a descriptionary wall of text:♥♥♥♥♥y cowards don't work well as protagonists, wanting them dead is not a good incentive to keep playing. Brave mutant girl could be a brave mutant boy for a change, well at least she's not blonde this time. Barry was done well, but feels more like an old woman than an old chubby man. Optimisation is terrible, the game is barely playable. Raid mode is completely overhauled, some changes are good, some are awful, but overall it feels better than Rev1. The campaign plot is traditiotally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Bear with me: Burton's daughter joins bioterrorism-fighting organisation №273 Claire happens to be member of. Some armed dudes in generic black riot gear storm the place using black helicopters and kidnap those two while Claire shows Moira (a surprisingly well-fitting name, actually) around headquarters. Claire wakes up in a locked crumbling prison cell, it's doors suddenly open up and you... oh for ♥♥♥♥'s sake.P.S.  Episode 3 is out already, but I still didn't get the second one yet because I just don't want to. AFAIR it's the first time when new RE game is out on PC, I have spare money to buy it, but I don't want to. Well done, Capcom!P.S. all those 50+ hours I spent ingame are actually Raid mode itself and it'sRE.netchallenges. Don't be fooled, it's not a Crapcom fanrage review. The game is mediocre at best, wait until 50-75% discount if you're into RE and move along otherwise."
,Not Recommended,287290,28854016,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lfreels001,"Game is buggy beyond belief for ""finished product"". I was on the final boss fight of the game when suddenly all controls stopped working except the start button. I tried both controller and keyboard controls without success so I know its not a hardware issue. I also reset to last checkpoint and completely closed the game, only to come back and find the same bug. Now, I cant even finish the damn game because of it. Garbage game from a garbage company."
,Not Recommended,287290,14657769,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SLic3R,utter C R A P ! I want a refund .
76561197988414656,Not Recommended,287290,14658018,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,poppindancers,"I'll give you one thing, CAPCOM is fantastic at creating absolutely annoying-as-hell characters.Moira AKA Sherry 2.0 but much much worse for the first half of the first episode is unbearable.She stand there to get hit, never help you in any way except find treasures, can't fight worth a damn and pass through trap when she felt like it.(light spoiler)Seriously CAPCOM, what's with your obsession with putting annoying teenage girl in your story? I want to bxtch slap her when I hear her dialogue via the radio tower, and what's with the stupid looking flame thrower that does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥when you try to escape? Lastly for the love of god do not put infinite enemy, a lot of enemy is fine, but make sure they are not infinite so we get to know how to preserve our shots, especially when you put two pyramid head in there.(light spoiler ended)The second half is better, with a proper sneak mechanic and if done wrong you die quickly which I like.Speaking of mechanic, why CAPCOM do you put direction input in run mode a INFINITE 90 DEGREE TURN?Stop humping the console user and do your job properly as we paid properly.I haven't look into the microtransaction but not plan to since I finished the game without it just fine.All in all, poorly handled, not recommended."
76561198024631937,Not Recommended,287290,14655759,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lucidangel996,The campaign is only single player.  dont waste your time.  there is no multiplayer raid at the momment.  will be given with a patch later on.
,Not Recommended,287290,14649804,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Deathcore Fiend,I want to like this. But i cant. The optimisation is so bad. with dips to 10 fps. Raid mode has no co op for the time being and also bugs on raid mode. Give it a miss for a while.
76561198039511523,Not Recommended,287290,14655601,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,the1995gamer,"utter crap, it occassionally freezes even though the game runs fine until then, Capcom needs to sort their stuff out and release games that run better. i tried the Resudent Evil HD Remaster and it did the exact same thing, this is the last time i trust Capcom with PC games, not worth the money i paid for it at all, total waste"
,Not Recommended,287290,14656151,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,t.k.fischer,"The Good: Creepy atmosphere, cool enemy design, Moira isn't an entirely useless partner character.The Bad: No Alyson Court, recycled story from 15 years ago, AI is dumb as a box of rocks.The Ugly: This game is not pretty enough to justify how choppy the framerate is and how much it taxes my CPU. This has to be the most poorly optimized PC game I've ever played. Not only that, there is literally a setting in the option menu that you can't change because there's only one choice. How does that even happen?"
,Not Recommended,287290,14878536,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Biron5k,"Frame rate drops make the sack of garbage unplayable. Disappointing gameplay. Flat story. Grab it on sale or not at all. If the game were playable, I could probably recommend it, but it's not worth the trouble."
76561197994060463,Recommended,287290,14733111,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,steven.blindexile,awesome!!
76561197988629634,Recommended,287290,14704866,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KingRiker,I'm not getting any issues that some of the other reviews are complaining about from a technical standpoint. I am thoroughly enjoying this game. And as for the ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the whole 'episodic nature and the dlc' Well the first revelations was episodic. And the episodic nature was not hidden from us. So buying it and then ♥♥♥♥♥ing about what you got only shows that you did no research in your purchase. The DLC is nothing new to Raid mode either. As far as I recall raid mode has always had DLC characters and costumes so again get over it and do some research before you buy a game.And as for the graphics. No its not ♥♥♥♥ing crysis 1 level of 'OMG The graphics of the future' but guess what. its basically just a spin off side game of Resident evil. Stop being such a nancy graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ the game looks absolutely fine if your not being a whiney ♥♥♥♥♥ about it.
,Not Recommended,287290,28850810,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,OneShotPaddy,"Don't buy it if you're expecting a fully game. I played my first playthrough in about 2 hours. Then it rolled the credits and I said...""what?"".This is only a portion of the game, and an absolute waste of money. I would expect even an episodic campaign to run each episode a little longer if they're going to sell them individually. This is obnoxious and unnecessary. Completely destroys immersion or continuity.Dont even sponsor development stupidity by purchasing this on sale (thus boosting their sales numbers). Just give it the skip.Side note: the game runs like garbage. Constant lagging/hanging on a gaming rig."
,Recommended,287290,32690816,Posted: 23 June,all,RJ Ghani,IT'S AN AWESOME GAME AND I RECOMMEND IT1 OF THE BEST HORROR GAME EVER
76561198015551890,Not Recommended,287290,14647230,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Thyrel,"This chapter weekly release is just a way to sell a non finished game that they can patch up/develop on the go.. I was wondering how could this game be almost half the price of RE:Rev 1 and you know why.. poor port with weird camera lag/aiming lag. (don't even try to dash and move the camera). Heavy stutter in some areas, like the whole prison where you do the first part with Claire.The game was listed as CO-OP but it actually isn't and you realise why when you play the solo campaign, the other character is just an addon for the main gun weilding hero. Even if it had CO-OP it would suck hard for the second characterRAID MODE HAS NO ONLINE YET (Just lol)Altough raid mode has levels from other RE games which is nice.The only good thing so far ? The atmosphere which is ruined when it becomes a BOW infestation."
76561198145617026,Not Recommended,287290,14654697,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,EMGEEONE,I have an MSI Gaming rig and this game is unplayable the frame rate is horrible....... 100% Do not buy this untill there is a patch to fix this issue.
,Not Recommended,287290,14650426,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Titanhealbar,"So last night before I went to bed, I pre-loaded this game thinking that I would have an awesome new co-op game to play with my roommate (on top of the Saints Row expansion).  I woke up, fired up the game, and played for a little more than half an hour.Though my initial reaction was somewhat a bit more positive, it slowly went the other direction as I played through the beginning sequence and then took a jump off a (metaphorical) cliff as soon as I began noticing FPS hitches/skips (whatever the heck you wanna call it).  Normally something like this wouldn't really bother me.  I would simply wait for it to be patched (a game-ready driver update from Nvidia, just like every other game, would be nice too), and then I can play it to my heart's content.I decided to check the reviews to see if anyone else was experiencing any or all of the same problems, as it turns out, some had it worse than I did! But the ""nail that sealed the coffin"" for me was when I learned that not only was the co-op not included in the initial release (except for the consoles), but the campaign which originally was advertised as a co-op campaign (like RE6) won't be included at all! WTF!?It makes no sense that a previous entry like RE6 gets the offline co-op treatment (fyi, it was well implemented), but this game doesn't.  Why Capcom?  Who in their right mind thought that was a good idea?I will keep my verdict of this crappy port until the following things are fixed:-FPS issues resolved-Co-op included in both offline and online play (for BOTH campaign and Raid mode)-Game is sold AS ADVERTISED!EDIT: I've seen some reviews earlier saying that the FPS issue is only a problem if you have a less than favorable PC.  So just to ensure that it is simply the game and not my hardware configuration (unless there is something I am unaware of), I'm going to add system specs.Gigabyte AMD FM2 A85X ATX Motherboard GA-F2A85X-UP4AMD A-8 6600K Quad Core Processor @ 4.5 GHzCorsair H55 Liquid Cooled CPU CoolerCorsair Vengeance 8 GB (2x4) DDR3 RAM @ 1600 MHzEVGA GTX 760 FTW Edition 4 GBSamsung EVO 840 120 GB SSDWD Green 2 TB HDDWD Blue 500 GB HDDCooler Master V650 650W PSUEDIT:  So I finally decided to revisit this game to see if Capcom  has done anything to fix this game, and is it turns out, they have.  As far as I know, the offline split-screen co-op function is now implemented (like it always should have been), and the FPS issues SHOULD be fixed... but I'm going to need to play the game to see if it performs any better than it did at launch.NOTE:  I don't know if the split-screen co-op only works with two gamepads (I've been experimenting) or if there is a way to use a combo of gamepad/KBM since I prefer the PC controls.  Will update in near future to give the final verdict."
,Not Recommended,287290,14652767,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,M i L L H A,"I have very devided thoughts about this game. The fact that capcom has not given this game coop is like shooting themself in the foot. Everything I have seen about the game pre release was about the coop and how amazing the experiance would be. Without coop RE5 would for examples be half the game it is. So why do this? Why not just give us the coop?Each time you buy a game, you should not have to research it. And if it works as it should on your platform. You just expect it to be as it should, and how the developer showcase it as.Consoles have local coop. And capcom's reseasoning for their choices, are extremely poor. So because of this; the game has lost interest to me. It could be ann amazing game, as I did enjoy the experiance of the first one. But it does not matter, since it probably won't get play without the sour taste of not having coop."
76561197974876029,Not Recommended,287290,14653054,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Infected Ronin,Impossibilité de jouer sans faire planter le jeu.La possibilité de jouer à deux à été oté juste avant la release du jeu ce qui fait que je me retrouve à jouer SEUL à un jeu avec DEUX persos.En gros j'ai payé 25 euros pour jouer l'intro en boucle ?Merci Capcom !
,Recommended,287290,14656892,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fayygo,"Firstly, I didn't buy this game for the COOP. And, honestly, the second player would be a gimmick more than anything. Really as Natalia - who can't die, or recieve damage but can constantly stun *multiple* enemies with bricks.That being said, I bought the first episode and it was around 3 hours length (without searching for extras besides BP/Items) on Survival mode. Had fun. No frame rate drops to complain about. Only thing is that a lot of the texture work was pretty goddamn horrible and even a few noticable seams on Claire's neck, hands, and on ground textures.But, the game is 25 bucks and is decent amount of fun alone. Even worth six bucks if you just want a quick game to play or is curious about it all and want raid mode.Yes, theres DLC. But, the DLC is all what the ♥♥♥♥ they said *before* the game came out. *shrug*Maybe I'm bias because of Claire's♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe."
76561198011625530,Not Recommended,287290,14648162,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,12345,good multiplayer !!! I hate this♥♥♥♥♥♥and CAPCOM
,Not Recommended,287290,14941070,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,CFG9000,"Something is extremely wrong with the way this game loads assets. Even if you're on a high end rig w/ 60fps most of the time, the game experiences massive frame drops and stuttering whenever you do certain actions for the first time.Spawn in a raid mode level. Fire your gun for the first time? 2 second freeze. Break a box for the first time? 2 second freeze. Damage an enemy for the first time? 2 second freeze.The game is completely ruined by the shockingly awful performance from a game that was ostensibly designed for handheld consoles. There's no excuse for this from Capcom. Do not buy."
76561198054434457,Not Recommended,287290,26995815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Super_Effective,There is nothing more terrifying than to turn a corner and experience massive frame drops. 10/10 best horror game
,Not Recommended,287290,14648653,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nyrsis,"Horrible stuttering frame-rate, jumpy animations, buggy controls - basically unplayable. To be fair, the buggy controls are probably due to the weird frame rate. However, with a PC like mine, there should be no issues running this game.The strange thing is the game runs great when I stand still (minimum 60 FPS). As soon as I walk or move the camera, it drops to like 10 FPS but ONLY every other second. Just bouncing from 10 to 60 to 10 to 60 to 10. It looks like the character is having a seizure.The game seems pretty good though! If only it would run like it should. At this time, I wouldn't recommend the game. After some patches things should be okay (I hope). Also, if you're running an Nvidia card you might be good to go. The issues seem to be more prevalent with Radeon Cards. Yes, I have the latest drivers. This is just a game optimization issue (you'd think they'd start optimizing games for Radeon cards considering the new gen consoles use ""modified"" Radeon GPUs)."
,Not Recommended,287290,14647856,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rivia,Umm WTH my game lagged even when my comp exceed the required specs
76561198042767223,Recommended,287290,14721830,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Stinkyanimeguy,"Despite all the negative reviews( which don't out weight the postive) this game feels a bit more RE 1 feely then the first Revelations mainly cause there are no huge set pieces and, gigantic mini gun boss fights. Everything  about this game from sound to visuals sounds nice to the ear, no recycled sounds from RE 4-6 for pistols (which was getting really stale). Creatures move with odd patterns similar to the ooze enemies from the frist revelations leaving you either missing alot of shots or being extremely paitent to make shots count,which is advised since ammo is alot more scarce this time around.I've only done raide mode once and haven't had a single issue so far but it's fun and adds a bit of replayablity compared to it's predecessor. With linear progression that contains perks,weapons and characters,and some really nice music :p. Despite the lack of coop which capcom accidently promised us, this game shouldn't be avoided for such a dumb and small reason.The game does have it fair share of issues like aduio desyncs during cutscenes and fps drops in certain areas but they aren't all that game killing. On a final personal note iv'e never felt like coop was ever something RE needed but it's been a feature thats been returning constantly to the series ever since 5. With revelations being a side series to the core thats focuses on the survival horror roots of the series I came to expect this game to not have coop like the first one. Despite the steam page saying differently, rather capcom turned out to be shady or clumsy this game is still a nice product from them.Oh last thing there is a in game store but it's all dedicated to raid mode aside from the optional costumes (which i wish were in game ,but this is capcom we're talking about...) so there's nothing to worry about with that for now."
,Recommended,287290,14694233,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Andchan,The bugs are fixed and the game is awesome!
,Recommended,287290,14706165,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,CM Tony,"The game may have a few bugs, it may lack co-op even though it was advertised to have co-op (Capcom already stated a while back that online co-op was coming after all the episodes were released so I'm not angry here) but the game is still great when it works.The story is good, the game looks good too and all in all is a fun time.Yes the game has many problems, but 99% of games these days seem to have problems when they launch these days so it's almost expected."
,Recommended,287290,14649247,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Schrodinger's Paradox,"Monetary Issues aside, the developers have mentioned that this is will be on an episodic release as they would liket to try a new approach to allow gamers more leeway to decide if they want to commit to this game.Played Episode 1-2, few things worth mentioningPros:1. Brought back the feeling of horror, whilst maintaining a good amount of action. First timers into this series will defintely enjoy their first playthrough. while lovers of the original RE 1 - RE 3 series will enjoy the similarities now incorporated into the game.2. Controls are Improved, with dodging becoming very useful within the narrow confines of the game.3. Decent Replayability, With Countdown Mode and Invisible Mode which bumps up the game's difficultly.4. Improvements to Raid Mode from Revelations (1), such as making the medals (required to advance in the game) more easy to accquire. Daily Missions so that leveling your character won't become a chore.Cons:1. Still some minor Issues with the AI, it is nothing game breaking.2. Countdown Mode and Invisible Mode, whist challenging, leaves very little alternative ways ofplaying them. This is due to how Both modes are exact replicas of the campaign(with subtle changes to accomodate the mode).3. Some Features/ Difficulty tweaks in the extra modes seems to be there purely for the sake of making the game difficult in the wrong sense.This makes the extra modes frustraing at times especially at areas where you have to replay quite a bit due to how crazy tankish the enemy becomes.4. Issues with Framerates, especially more obvious in the raid mode maps, probably because they haven't properly optimized the maps for lower end PCs.(considering some maps were from Resident Evil 6, with toned down graphics).TL;DR:The main emphasis for Revelations 2 would be on the raid mode, which is quite decently done up. The story is more engaging than its predecessors(Looking at RE 6). but the campaign is very limited unless you are willing to replay the campaign several times over to unlock extras that will elaborate on RE Lore.I recommend this game for fans of the series, or for people who are looking for a bit of 3rd person shooter to kill time with, Raid Mode is really fun, and the story is decent. but currently not worth paying the $31 for."
,Not Recommended,287290,14656097,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Going through hard times,fix the frame rate omg plz
,Not Recommended,287290,14658576,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Aki,"Fans of the original game be warned, This is a Resident Evil title in name only. There are absolutely no elements of survival horror to be found here.1. The entire game is basically The Evil Within staring Resident Evil characters.2. There's no Co-op  offline or otherwise. Major deal killer for me and my lady as we had planned on buying this for the RAID online mode to enjoy together.3. More action oriented, no puzzles or thinking to complete the game required. First episode is a gear cog ""fetch"" quest. Fetch quests belong in WoW and other pay to win subsctiption  based games. Not RE.4. Episodic. Thank you Tale tale for bringing this horrible idea to market. Thank you for indirectly ruining Resident Evil and putting ideas into countless other developer's heads.5. Pay to win. Raid  mode includes a store where you may purchase weapons and gear with real life money. Another greedy move by Capcom. I find this trend in video gaming to be very sad, as I grew up in a time when  you received all of the content on the disc on day 1 and there was no such thing as ""DLC"". Games used to be sold based on their content. Not the after party.  Hell, it was a HUGE selling point if they added a couple of levels and advertised it on the jewel case.This game could have been so much more had the developers stuck to the original formula instead of dumbing it all down to appease the CoD and BF kiddies that have ran rampant in the gaming community lately. As a life long fan of the franchise I was excited to see Barry Burton finally featured in his own game and extremely disappointed in the final product.I suppose Resident Evil 4, 5, & 6 were big warnings. But I gave this game a chance as the first Revelations wasn't that bad and to be honest I felt that it was a step back in the right direction for the franchise. This is clearly  not the Resident Evil that I wanted.Oh well, At least I only purchased one episode.I just wish that Capcom would go back to the RE:Remake style and mechanics. Maybe Remake RE2 & 3 in that style for us. It would be far more enjoyable than playing Resident Duty 6 Revelation Warfare 2. : ("
76561198150910069,Not Recommended,287290,22490789,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rocka,Is this game any fun?Hell yeah!Is it worth the money?Hell yeah!Did you actually have fun?Hell yeah!Do you want to keep on playing?Hell yeah!Well the rest of the game is three DLC's.:(
,Recommended,287290,14736170,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CompHel,"Capcom listened the community and finally added split screen coop!Let's hope this is the last time a pc port get some of its features cut off with absolutely no good reason...The game is great! The atmosphere is really good and playing coop add another layer of fun!The performance are really, really bad, the game eat away too much cpu and it's full of stutter here and there, let's just hope the next patch will fix it.Nevertheless it's an extremely interesting game and I'm not bothered by the episodic release, I actually find it fit for this kind of game and its story."
,Recommended,287290,14821003,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mother,"Low ammo, No hubs, found boxes and glowing things.so i looted 2 Topaz and 1 luby.10/10 (with restart)p.s : ♥♥♥♥ing frame drop screwed up everything"
76561197990921513,Recommended,287290,14725582,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,seblecaribou,"As far as the game goes, it's a satisfying action/horror game. Graphics aren't the best you'll see on pure technical aspect, but there is a style to it, and a good use of lighting, blur and filters. It looks dirty, a bit noisy. The artwork is a step in the good direction after the terrible character design from the first Revelations (I mean, that was god awful...). The enemies aren't the most original, but the protagonists are really well designed, and modeled; they look next-door and at the same time, they have character. The gameplay is more in the steps of Revelations than RE6, which is a good thing. Not that RE6 wasn't good in terms of possibilities (people who REALLY played it knows how much thought went into the mechanics and the overall challenge) but it feels more natural and less super-heroic/block-busterish. And it still gives a great Arcade feel to the Raid Mode which gives the player a way to play the game while waiting for the next episode: nicely done. It's fluid, and the fact that you have to use partner swapping (in story mode) often, is a good addition, though it clearly let that idea go away by the third episode. Overall, I enjoyed the ride, especially for a price so low and that much fun content (the Raid mode is still really enjoyable and that's where I spent most of my time).BUT...japanese developers don't love the PC too much, do they. The game is weirdly un-optimized. Sometimes, it's fluid 60FPS on highest settings, than BAM 15FPS, and getting to the lower options doesn't help. I had a couple of freeze while trying to load a Raid Mode Lvl too, and the game doesn't feel stable in a general sense. Sometimes, it works perfectly, then you have annoying FPS issues. That's not even talking about the local-coop mode which isn't in the game, but is in the game, but not really, oh but wait you need a mod, but maybe they'll release it with an update.TL;DRFairly good game (I enjoy it much more than the first Revelations, that I already quite liked), with a good money/time ratio (if it's what you are interested in) but poorly executed on PC..."
76561198103277668,Recommended,287290,14734166,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Cery,Excellent game play and graphics. I love the way one plays two characters in the game.
76561198030891580,Recommended,287290,14821458,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Andy,"It took me a while to get used to the new elements while old ones were removed as well as the controls, but now i'm getting the hang of it. Since theres going to be an offline coop after all, all I can say ""be grateful fellow RE fans who complained a while ago :P"""
,Recommended,287290,28386276,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,iLermobaloG,mantap jiwa nih game... bikin deg-deg an pisan
,Not Recommended,287290,35101476,Posted: 21 September,all,Enclave,Yo ma eyes bleedin seeing all this lag and shutterspls fix
,Recommended,287290,23594333,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PvtDoggo,2spooky4me
76561198032819570,Recommended,287290,14655947,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BENIS :D :D :D,"Great so far. Probably as good as the first revelations. I notice the framerate drops. Must be worse for other people. Other than that, don't know why the overall response would be so negative."
,Recommended,287290,14656338,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Elkinda,Raid Mode.
76561198116756594,Not Recommended,287290,17524866,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Pagefile21,"Backtracking in a linear game, clearly to extend the short time each episode is. 6/10."
,Not Recommended,287290,31638834,Posted: 8 May,all,Romstat X,"This was the worst RE i have ever played, it was absurdly short, when i finished what felt like an absurdly linear tutorial it rolled credits, this game is a disgrace to RE, it feels like a cheap minigame and since it has real money purches and purchable chapters i feel like it is nothing more than a bad pay to play, it's arcade like aspects made me hate it even more, to call it a horror game is a joke, I thought RE 5 and 6 were bad, but damn, this is a trainwreck."
76561198179342283,Not Recommended,287290,24313034,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ingre,"This is one of the games where dirt and blood is supposed to be scarry. It's not!Controls are awful. There is no auto reload of weapon. To run you have to press Alt. Yes, you can change it in preferences, but this unusual default assignment of keys says everything about the mind state of the creators (and the game). It's difficult to control multiple characters at the same time. If you control one character and want to switch to the other (for example to defend) and then switch back, you find the first character running back to the other.The game is hard, realy hard. You have to replay over and over. With the check point system it's even more annoying.The story is a joke! Someone captures you to experiment with you and you have to break out and take revenge? Seriously? Isn't this the lamest plot ever by now?Conclusion: The game is uninspired time waster!PS: The monsters remind me of orcs. They have clubs. >.<"
,Not Recommended,287290,30892898,Posted: 1 April,all,Libération,Pretty much meh. The story seems weird.
,Not Recommended,287290,25558142,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Above_Zero,Not a very good Resident Evil game seems to cartoonish for me to take it seriously.I've tried to play this time and time again but I can't get into it. Revelations 2 just isn't serious enough for me to play it. I mean its better than Resident Evil 6 but anythings better than that...Wasn't very pleased with Revelations 2.. I hope Revelations 3 takes the game awhole lot more serious.  Revelations 2 seems like a joke too me..
76561198074333477,Not Recommended,287290,33182887,Posted: 3 July,all,TOKEN,yes its a good game but turned into a tomb raider game real quick but the raid mode is fun
,Not Recommended,287290,15066473,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Poppadons,"It says its Co-op which its not, its LOCAL Co-op. Should be put better in the description. I do NOT recommend if you are a big fan of CO-OP and not LOCAL CO-OP"
,Recommended,287290,14690231,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cosima,<3
,Recommended,287290,14737123,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ioquatix,"I pre-ordered this game and when it was released, the previously advertised local co-op was removed. The features has since been added in a beta release due to the huge outcry.We play this game local co-op on a 120"" projected screen using 2 Xbox controllers. I'd prefer to use keyboard/mouse but that isn't possible yet (ever?). During co-op play, each character has a distinct role which presents genuinly interesting options for strategically finishing any particular part of the mission.We played immediately on the most difficult level because we are familiar with games like this. Would actually like to see one more level above this."
76561198093776119,Not Recommended,287290,28318977,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Waybig209,"It's a good game. But it sucks because it has no co-op online multiplayer just local......so if you don't want to play alone and maybe have a friend that doesn't like the game and doesnt want to play it or maybe you just dont have any friends to play with you.....your ♥♥♥♥ed.....because you cant play with online because there is no online. Overall its a good game but just not if you dont want to play alone i'd get this game on console because on there it has online co-op for some reason.- 5/10,Waybig209"
,Recommended,287290,34446615,Posted: 23 August,all,npocmaka,Resident Evil Revelations 2
76561198200198665,Recommended,287290,34353632,Posted: 19 August,all,Guitar #2,One of my favorite games
,Not Recommended,287290,23917478,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ThatBloodyTommo,Game is hard to enjoy with how bad this AI is.
76561198151012540,Recommended,287290,26316293,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,skullhead3010,"its just like the evil within,only harder...and more advanced...but still!love the game!6730/over 9000!!!!get it?"
,Not Recommended,287290,28177133,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Persephone,The controls are way too horrible.
76561197984764765,Recommended,287290,14659420,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Primus Jungler,"I was a bit hyped while looking forward to the release, playing my two favourite characters. Just cleared lv. 1 raid mode. All in all probably a great game, alas, cannot play due to framerate drops. g8 b8 m8.R8 8/8"
,Recommended,287290,14659229,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Even,"Review in English:I pre-ordered this game 1 month ago, and today i played for the first time. Before playing, i've read reviews, and i don't understand why people leaving so many negative reviews about this game. Yes, i should admit that maybe game is not perfect, there is some kinds of bugs like for example FPS drops, and some issue with coop-mode, it's ok. I'm big fan of Resident Evil series and for me this game looks good enough. At least when i played for the first time today, i got positive impressions, despite the minor problems which people write in reviews. Also i think all these issues and bugs will be fixed later in the next updates. In conclusion i would like to say that i like this game, as well as previous games of Resident Evil series. Graphics and characters looks cool, and the story promises to be interesting. We will see what awaits us in the end of Episode 1 =). I recommend this game.Review in Russian:Я предзаказал эту игру 1 месяц назад, и сегодня я сыграл в неё в первый раз. Перед тем как играть, я прочитал отзывы, и я не понимаю почему люди оставляют так много негативных отзывов об этой игре. Да, я должен признать что игра не идеальна, и здесь есть определённые баги, как например падение фпс и какая то проблема с кооперативным режимом, это ладно. Я являюсь большим фанатом серии Resident Evil и для меня игра выглядит достаточно хорошо. По крайней мере когда я играл первый раз сегодня, я получил позитивные впечатления, несмотря на мелкие проблемы, о которых люди пишут в отзывах. Так же, я думаю что все эти проблемы и баги будут исправлены позже в следующих обновлениях. В заключение я хотел бы сказать что мне понравилась эта игра, так же как и предыдущие игры Resident Evil серии. Графика и персонажи выглядят классно, и сюжет обещает быть интересным. Посмотрим что ожидает нас в конце первого эпизода =). Я рекоммендую эту игру."
,Recommended,287290,14658490,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jarsum,"After playing the first episode of Resident Evil: Revelations 2, I was happily surprised. I've never played the original Revelations, but I had heard good things about it. The thing that drew me to this one was the episodic release and the characters. The game being episodic and having a weekly release date instead of monthly like certain other episodic game series brings an interest to me. It's keeping me engaged in the story. The twists and turns of the story are really what's keeping me interested in playing the game. And the fact the rest of the game is being released over the coming month makes me feel as if I'm getting my moneys worth instead of spending the first two days playing the story all the way through and then never playing it again. I actually don't mind having to wait, and I'm happy the waits arent as long as The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones. The characters are where the game falls a little bit short in my opinion. Claire has her history, but unless you know it, I don't think she would gain any sympathy for the situation she's in. Moira is made out to be the steriotypical rebelious teenager who HATES HER DAD and wears a t shirt that says THE WORLD BURNS and says things like OMIGOD and THAT BLOWS. Too much, Moira. However, Barry and Natalia definitely make for an interesting duo. Barry on this quest to save his lost daughter and Natalia who apparently has no parents but has a strange power that complements the gameplay in their story well. My favorite part of the first episode was actually Barry and Natalia's half because of the stealth based combat and the exploration. As far as the scares go, there are one or two good jumps, and atmoshpere is definitely there, it just doesn't bring that feeling of WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WAS THAT SOUND I WANT TO RUN AWAY BUT I CAN'T CAUSE THERE WAS ANOTHER SCARY SOUND OVER THERE TOO AND OMIGOD ARE THOSE PEOPLE HANGING FROM THE CEILING WITH MILLIONS OF HOOKS SKEWERED THROUGH THEM HOW EVIL WITHIN OF YOU GAME.All in all, I'm very much enjoying the game so far. The characters aren't the best, but they are what's driving the story, and the story is, in my opinion, well worth the ride."
,Recommended,287290,14655100,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Boogie,"gameplay is good so far the game is nice and fun.im not having any fps drops my fps is at 60 on max settingmy systemCooler Master HAF 932 - CaseAMD FX-9370 Vishera 8-Core 4.4GHz- CPUCooler Master Hyper 212 EVO heat/sink/fanGIGABYTE GA-990FXA-UD5 AM3+ MotherboardEVGA GeForce GTX 970 4GB- GPUADATA SP900 Premier Pro 128GB - ssd main4 more hdd,s850 watts power supply"
76561198036046069,Recommended,287290,14659394,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Joonesy,"Almost through the game and really liked it. I m just a normal player and really like resident evil game. Had played 4,5,6 in the series and just cant understand the augument about ""the true resident evil game is dead""."
76561198004230403,Recommended,287290,14654713,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,"lightdeed75,aka The GAMESAGE",i love this game !!!!
,Recommended,287290,14655090,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lawhorn,"Alright, follow suite of the majority of my fellow gamers who purchased this game under the guise that it would have co-op play.... No.  It does not.  Nor did it mention the lack of such literally until just as the game released.However, unlike the majority of the gamers, I've experienced no visual lag or frame drops, and the input lag mentioned was fixed simply by turning ""Fast Mouse"" on in the options....  My mouse was no longer 'smoothed' out, causing me to look past what I was attempting to look at.The first episode, however, was upsettingly short, leaving me, of course, wanting a bit more out of my game, and, yes, I know that more is coming, however... Raid mode, should... I hope, keep me interested in this game, except... oh wait... I'm still all alone, aren't I?  -sigh-Aside from that, the game actually plays relatively well, and, it has it's few surprises here, or there....  But from the standpoint of someone who followed the series from the first released back on the PSX.... yeah... nothing surprising.I've already found an annoying unlock glitch, as in, the final character I have to unlock in Raid mode specifies I must have 90 or more Completion Medallions... I have 100... still haven't unlocked that final character....Can I recommend the game in it's current state... well... honestly...?  I could... yes.  If you're interested in playing the game specifically for continuation of the series, or scratching some completion itch... sure.  If you want the game to go crazy with a friend... no, I can't....But, in a nutshell:-     No co-op, yet.  Of any kind.  Despite any description above, none.-     First episode is disappointingly short.  Comparable to one chapter in RE5.-     Survivalist difficulty actually does offer some challenge.-     Raid mode, as well, can offer challenge, but is mostly the same rinse and repeat kill everything and leave.-     Personal experience was, no video issues whatsoever, but... according to others?  Maybe?-     Personal experience; ?Bug? preventing me from unlocking final character in Raid mode?-     All things considered, it's not bad, nor is it something I'd straight up tell everyone to buy.Side note, to those claiming the game has crazy amounts of DLC already... I dunno... I bought the complete season in advance and... it came with the first 23 dollars worth of DLC.... so... uh... sure.  The others, as in, the weapon/parts/album slots... seem relatively unnecessary....  So, if you have the complete season, you really don't have any DLC to download as of this time....Anyway, just my outlook.Cheers.-L"
,Not Recommended,287290,14670646,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Grayflox,this is what resident evil has becomegod dammit
,Not Recommended,287290,15038322,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SiegDere,"CAPCOM, STOP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥A DEAD HORSE, SERIOUSLY!It'll be better, if they just made a raid mode standalone and sell DLC with costumes for it, really."
76561198130931275,Not Recommended,287290,14730490,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Gabriel,"The game cannot be played in its curent state, framrate constantly drops to 15 and even lower, it has insane performance problems, even on high end PC's and it cannot be recommended to anyone in its current state."
,Not Recommended,287290,14904131,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HungChai,"It is found that there is NO ""Co-op"" mode after bought and play the game, I want my money back!"
76561198018296033,Recommended,287290,14657518,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Missile,Meh. Dont look into these reviews too much.Resident evil fans dont know what they want.I for one enjoyed  this episode  (minus the re6 ripped enemies at the begginning of barry's story)Though they need to step their game up for raid mode.Thats is all.
76561198036471432,Not Recommended,287290,23599674,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cadrius,"I bought this game for me and gifted a version to my friend to play ""Co op"" as the steam page says >:(and as you might've guessed it.. it doesn't have co op!"
76561198048410273,Not Recommended,287290,14847861,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Duskit,"Not going to lie this game seemed like it was going to be a good game till I found out (after buying all episodes) that you can't play the main story online. This made me pretty mad since it did not say this on the details page,"
,Not Recommended,287290,26362421,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,I N F I N I T Y,"Way too short, even for a game with multiple episodes."
,Recommended,287290,33143201,Posted: 2 July,all,[TEE] HighNoon,hi
,Recommended,287290,14657148,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PanchoSaurio,"Resident Evil: Revelations 2 -Episode 1- is looking pretty good so far, but it still has some problems.Gameplay is better than previous Resident Evil 6, and the game has borrowed some elements from games like The Last Of Us with the new crafting mechanics, making you struggle to find and manage new resources.Shooting feels pretty well, and aiming isn't hard. Controls are a mix between Resident Evil 6 and Resident Evil: Revelations, with more elements from the latter into it.The new buddy system is pretty interesting. Instead of just having someone pretending to be helping you by shooting enemies, your partner can be used for various purposes, such as opening locks or finding hidden objects. However, the lock-picking mechanic is pretty cheap and having to switch between characters every time you arrive to a new area just to find hidden items later becomes pretty irritating. Also, good thing at least you almost never will have to worry about your partner. It doesn't matter how much damage they take, they won't die or you won't fail, unless you're too far away.The game really tries to focus a bit more on the atmosphere like the first Revelations, but it inevitably ends up turning towards action, which kind of feels weird. Fighting enemies is pretty encouraged, although once they're dead they don't drop ammo or items, which I think is a plus. You find more than enough ammo anyway, and once you learn how to deal with the enemies and how to properly dodge, you're pretty much invincible.Monster design is okay. Some of the monsters look like they were copied from Resident Evil 6. Some other look like they don't even belong in Resident Evil. Character design is much better, and voice work is mostly okay.Graphics are ok, too. The game could use some more polish, though, as some textures don't look all that good. Talking about Resident Evil 6, some animations are taken directly from that game, which I found to be pretty cheap. If you compare, zombies have the exact same movements and attack animations as the ones on RE6. Bad thing there.Episode one is pretty good. However the story is pretty lacking. The episode gives you bits and pieces about the story, but the main plot isn't set even towards the end. Story is okay for the moment. Talking about story, if you buy this game, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT CHECK OUT THE ACHIEVEMENTS FOR THIS GAME. They are filled with spoilers for the next three episodes. Jesus, Capcom, update achievements once every episode comes out next time, okay?Oh, and Raid Mode. It's pretty fun. Lots of new things in it. You'll have a good time.So, 7/10 for first Episode."
76561198061058059,Recommended,287290,14657730,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dennylloyd2,"I like it, the gameplay is awesome the references are also nice and the fact that you have wesker and jill in raid makes it better.The face on jill still needs to go back to RE5 like weskers is.All in all i cant wait for the next Resident Evil!"
76561198004821847,Recommended,287290,14655615,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Riot,"A fun game. Controls worked fine after tweaking them and turning off Fast Camera(why is that even a thing?). The graphics aren't great, but neither are they bad enough to detract from the gameplay. The single-player co-op thing they've done is fairly entertaining to me, as is the general atmosphere so far. I don't see any real reason to not pick it up if you're a fan of the series.Worth noting that a lot of people are mad about the co-op fiasco, which I understand completely. Fortunately this game seems to be able to stand on its own as a single-player experience."
,Recommended,287290,14657013,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The88shrimp,"This review is based off of my personal playthrough of the first episode.==== Atmosphere ====The game feels very ""The Evil Within""ish. They tried to set up a great horror setting but with the past releases of more current Resident Evils it just didn't feel scary at all to me.==== Enemies ====The enemies are also similar in appearance to The Evil Within or even maybe Silent Hill. No they're not zombies but grotesque mutated humans with weird features. There are other enemies but I'm not going to spoil their encounters.==== Combat / Gameplay ====The combat is basically the same as the original Revelations with an added sprint feature and also a manual dodge button. You also play with an extra AI on your side which you can switch to. The other person can't use guns but does use melee weapons, can help see hidden items (much like the scanner in the first Revelations), has their own personal inventory mainly just for storage but can be given herbs to heal you when your health is low and they also are used to solve puzzles.The custom parts for guns are still in the game along with the work benches for storing guns and modifying weapons. There is an added upgrade screen which you can spend BP to unlock passive abilities such as more damage and more healing etc.==== Graphics ====I'm not a person that judges a game on graphics since I could easily play a game form the 90's and have just as much fun, if not more. Although the graphics are quite a step up from the original Revelations the player models still look a bit bland. The lighting is good which is what I think is their main aspect in this game being a real dark game.==== Writing ====The game has some decent writing but unfortunately original voice actors aren't there (or they sound completely different). They definitely tried bringing back the more scared nature of the characters rather than them being bad♥♥♥♥♥Bioterrorism hunters with rocket launchers which is a good thing in my opinion. Not much of the story has been uncovered so far but I'm eager to find out more. There are funny references back to the old games which definitely make you crack a smile................................................ Jill Sandwich==== Bugs ====I would never down vote a game because of a few graphical bugs or maybe a simple enemy getting stuck bug, I didn't find any of these in the game. The only thing that I can think of is some animation jittering every so often but that was all.==== Overall ====Atmosphere --------- 6 / 10Enemies ------------- 7 / 10Combat / Gameplay - 8 / 10Graphics ------------- 7 / 10Writing -------------- 8 / 10Overall --------------  7.2 / 10==== Conclusion ====Overall I had fun while playing this and I do want more which is the most important thing, unfortunately it still doesn't feel like a Resident Evil game it feels like The Evil Within and the first Revelations smashed together.A lot of people have been ♥♥♥♥♥ing over there being no co-op. I haven't tried co-op and probably won’t since that's not how I play games but I can understand people being upset since they did probably plan to play with their family or a friend. They do probably have co-op in Raid mode though.One last thing is that they have already loaded the game with DLC content only a few days after which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. Don't Crapcom have enough money?"
,Recommended,287290,14657964,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,therealsadboyjake,"I really enjoyed the first episode of Resident Evil Revelations 2.  It brought the horror aspect back into the series, which was great in my opinion.  The multiple character switching is a nice change of pace from the usual one character that you play as.  I felt that the story is heading in a good direction, even if it was a bit vague in this episode.  The graphics are fairly good, and the setting is perfect for this type of game.  The first episode was just the right difficulty for me, and I thought the level design was very good. I haven't tried the Raid Mode yet and hope to update this review including reviews of that mode and of the future episode.  In it's current state, I think that Resident Evil Revelations 2 is worth checking out if you are a fan of the horror genre of enjoy the series."
,Recommended,287290,14658399,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheGameTutor,"Edit for Part 2:I am still loving this game for the second part and everything I said in my previous review holds up. The episodic format is great especially with its week release timeline meaning it really does feel like what I always wanted ""episodes"" of a game to be.Part 2 ups the anti and the difficulty and Natalia gets a new sweater which is a big improvement on her previous ""girl from the ring look""For my full video review visit:http://www.thegametutor.co.uk/videos/game-tutor-grades/150226_game-tutor-grades-resident-evil-2-revelations-episode-1Now there is no mistake about it I am a massive Resident Evil fan and rank some of the earlier titles as my favourite games of all time. Unfortunately some of the more recent titles have lost a little bit of what made the earlier games special. The original Resident Evil Revelations changed this when it was released on 3DS a few years ago.Set on an abandoned ship it provided an experience much more akin to what made the original games in the series so good.Needless to say I rank Revelations as one of my favourite games of all time and was very excited when I heard they were making a sequal. Now unlike the previous this game is made in episodes that are each being released one week apart to make the whole game. Normally I am not a fan of episodes as they come miles apart and I lose interest but the fact they are 1 week apart and the “Next time on Revelations 2” that is presented to you upon completion of the first episode really dragged me in to its world.Episode 1: Penal Colony see Resident Evil Alumni Claire Redfield and Barry Burton’s daughter Moira Burton taken by a military group and imprisoned apparently as test subjects in a SAW like game. You play as these character trying to escape and find help. The second half of the game sees you playa s Barry Burton trying to rescue his daughter along with Natalia a young child he meets upon arrival who seemingly has some kind of abnormal powers. The pairing of these 2 is very akin to the relationship between Joel and Ellie in The Last of Us.These pairings work well and as a solo player the switching between the characters is handled perfectly with little mess. There were a few times when evading monsters the ai character seemed determined to hump the thing we were running away from’s leg but generally this was a small thing. Now there has been some controversy recently that the Steam version does not support local co-op but the PS4 and XB1 versions do. Personally I am not overly fussed by this but if this is something that will factor into your decision to buy this game please bear it in mind.The relationship between the characters in excellent and unlike normal Resident Evil games the voice acting is pretty decent. A personal favourite of mine sees Barry making a quick remark about “Now whose the master of unpicking locks” right after using a crane to destroy a door.Gameplay wise this builds well on the previous game but as this time it was not designed for DS it controls a lot better. I played with a 360 pad but equally my short time playing with a mouse and keyboard seemed pretty good to.Graphically the game is a mixed bag. Visually pretty decent but the locations themselves while atmospheric are rather dull and could have done with a little more intrigue… but this is Resident Evil after all.The raid mode again a decent diversions once you have finished the main game but this section allows the creep of one of the game’s biggest annoyances… micro transactions.There is no need to have this in a single player game but you can use it to buy weapons and health and hearts for use in RAID mode which is totally unnecessary and leave a bit of a sour taste. Coupled with the local co-op that was removed from advertised on the steam release right before sale and Capcom aren’t trying to win any PR competitions.But overall I must say I really enjoyed episode 1 of Resident Evil Revelations 2. Its well made its engaging and I cannot wait to tune in to episode 2 next week."
76561198150125562,Recommended,287290,14658415,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lrh0001,"I think people may have been expecting too much from this. Having played through nearly the entire series (aside from RE Survivor and RE Dead Aim), I'm impressed with the story progression (not sure what it says about me that I can follow the convoluted, contrived and swiss cheesed plot strung together by the series [live-action movies not included], but I stand by my enjoyment of its evolution). Capcom's had hiccups, and no franchise can last forever, but they've definitely made a decent effort here. I also can't say I've had the technical problems that others have had, as far as frame drops or game crashes. In fact, the only technical problem I had was a lapse in borrowed internet connection; the reliability of which I have no control over.As far as the co-op debacle, Capcom does shady crap like that all the time...no surprises. And although I didn't buy for the co-op, it would definitely be a nice addition for Raid mode. As far as the campaign, whether or not they add it later, I like the way it is. Resident Evil campaigns are best when the solo player is ambling through the dark and solving puzzles. I can't get into the story if I have some whelp yelling in my ear to hand him herbs all the time. All in all, no game is without sin; and I'm certainly enjoying this one, sins and all.Now for those that enjoy them, a list:Pros:- Callbacks to the '90s games through dialogue and characters. (lol, 'Clair Sandwich')- Adequate, yet still below average, puzzles. (finally, problem solving is back)- Incredible atmosphere and well-paced plotline, complete with cliffhanging plot twist.- Replayability, especially in Raid, which will assist in waiting for the rest of the episodes to drop.- Cost less than every other game I've ever pre-ordered in my life.Cons:- No option for co-op after co-op was offered. (not an issue for me, but still wrong)- What the hell happened to the RE6 control scheme? Would have loved making Gina roll with a sniper rifle in Raid.- Episodes not all available on release. (Though with the possibility that they'll make patches based on customer feedback [co-op option/optimization for unusual setups, I suppose waiting won't be all that bad.)- Microtransactions (I knew there was a reason it wasn't $50-$60, but really Capcom? If you even halfway tolerate the fans of the games you release, don't follow EA's example. Costume DLC is one thing, but drop the penny pinch scheme.)PC Specs:Case: Raidmax Vampire Full Tower (Air cooled, 9 fans)MoBo: Gigabyte 990FXA-UD3CPU: AMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core @ 4.00GHz (can't remember the model Enermax heat sink to save my life, but I've got two fans attached to it, keeping the CPU at a steady 15-20 C, even under load)RAM: 8.00 GB HyperX Fury DDR3 @ 800MHz Dual-ChannelGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750Ti 2Gb GDDR5 @ 540MHz"
76561198012358917,Not Recommended,287290,14651470,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Diamonti,"Game was released in an unplayable state, would not recommend a PC purchase of this at this time."
76561198081156644,Not Recommended,287290,14646827,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JeebusChrist,"I tried to enjoy the first Episode of Revelations 2, the game itself is decent enough.  Graphics are great, combat is just difficult enough to be a RE game, there's a real sense of desperation at times.  The characters are a bit simple and the acting (especially Barry) gets hammy but that's part of the charm.  But the framerate drops all the time.  My PC is a beast and only a few months old, it'll run most AAA titles with everything maxed.  Seriously sucks missing shots, taking hits and loosing the immersion because the game starts locking up.  Fix this and I'd give this chapter a 8/10, it's good value per dollar.  But right now it's choppy and there's a fair bit of clipping through objects and the ground which is also annoying.  I had fun but this isn't a polished nor finished piece.  Patch it please.Edit: So after giving Raid mode a try the framerate issue is worse than it was in the campaign.  Certain maps are near unplayable, the lag in the asian market is horrendous.  I bought this game with the promise of cooperative play and that was a lie as well.  Preordering shouldn't be risky with a company as established as Capcom, they promised coop and didn't deliver.   If I preorder a brand new two seater sports car and the finished product only comes with one I didn't get what I paid for.   Can i drive it?  Sure, probably even have a good time but I didn't plan on being forced to drive alone.  ♥♥♥♥ you Capcom."
76561198063963338,Not Recommended,287290,14656712,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Crud Bonemeal,"I have to say, this was a complete waste of money for me. I may have a crap laptop, but this game just totally pushes it to the point where the game is unplayable.Example: I can run Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes at lowest settings 720p with no hiccups 30fps.With this game, it hiccups for 5 seconds every 2 seconds of gameplay...lowest settings, on 480p.Is this game PC friendly? Hell no! Is it worth it? No way!"
76561198139006427,Not Recommended,287290,14652168,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fearless09,Capcom needs to fix the online feature.
,Not Recommended,287290,14655302,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kitten Mittens,Cooperative play was removed.Cooperative play was the best part of RE5/RE6.Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,287290,33026383,Posted: 30 June,all,SkinnyFamilyGuy,It's like an arcade game.
,Not Recommended,287290,23614659,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Can I see your pokemon?,Ever wanted to play co-op with your friends? No? good buy this game. IT IS NOT CO-OP AT ALI bought this game because me and my friend wanted to play the new Resident Evil games but when you realize that it doesn't say local co-op on the steam store it just says Co-opShort versionDon't buy if you are planning to play online with your friends
,Not Recommended,287290,26567853,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ツ Flayvors,"Gameplay is not very fun.Also, beware if you plan on playing this game with friends- it has co-op but only offline split screen.This is Steam, not X-Box Live. I do not recommend buying this game, not worth the $0.74 I bought it for."
,Not Recommended,287290,34000182,Posted: 3 August,all,Projekt34: Your God,I was so excited when I finally played this Game.Then I realesed I payed 5 bucks to play only one episode who lasts 1 barely 2 hours........HA!HA!HA!HA♥♥♥♥♥YOU!!!
,Recommended,287290,14741574,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Nomad22,"A Sandwich worth biting intoREdux: I did an earlier review, after episode two this my conclusionEpisodeScore 1-5Episode 13Episode 24Episode 3N/AEpisode 4N/AA long time fan of Resident Evil since the playstation, and even a long time horror fan I have to admit that there are a few gripes with Revelations 2. Since we are in the mood for sandwiches, a la Claire and the infamous Jill sandwich, I'm gonna do a negative sandwich bunned with positives.It was too early to judge a game by the first episode, but by the second episode it was redeemed. Each episode is about 2 to 4 hours worth of gameplay, which does include both Claires and Barrys paths. Graphics are okay, nothing to much too behold. It is comparable to the graphics of Resident Evil 6. Gameplay is what you would expect from third person shooter and a Resident Evil game, nothing groundbreaking. Each characters non-combatant ""co-op"" partner provides some skills that compliment the combabatants characters abilities. Moiras flashlight than can blind foes, and Natalias enemy sensing ability.However, despite having Resident Evil 6 graphics, the game at times does have a slow down of FPS. Most notably in areas with high amounts of effects. It does question why it's happening since the graphics themselves aren't groundbreaking. Speaking of which, a lot of the assets are ripped from Resident Evil 4, 5, and 6; to be more specific the breakable crates and barrels. The inventory system isn't the greatest, nor is it the worst, but it is something. RAID overall is horrible; understanding that it's suppose to be based on an RPG, leveling up and what not, Resident Evil Mercenaries mode is a better alternative. Co-Op in RAID will probably be implemented later, but is not available upon release. There copius amounts of DLC, most of which are extra inventory space for RAID, and alternative costumes for the campaign characters, and characters for RAID(mind you that the characters in RAID are only skins, and have such minor differences that they are not different at all). Episodic releases seems redundant if each episode is going to get released every week.One of the things that I do enjoy, is that each campaign has a different gameplay aesthetic. Borrowed from Resident Evil 6 on how each campaign plays different, Revelations 2 does the same. Claires campaign is more action oriented, due to enemies being more mobile; whilst in Barrys there are slower, zombie-esque enemies with a touch of enemies similar to those found in Revelations one. The story should not but put aside from only one episode. As a long time fan, the second episode got me hyped for the next release. The general story isn't profound, and employs a past and present narrative. Claires being in the past, and Barrys in the future. While it is cheap to reuse the some of the environments, you do get different scenarios and go to side areas.In closing, the game is worth the price of $24 or so dollars. From the looks of it, you get about 8-12 hours of gameplay. It is worth buying, right now, or when it's on sale. If you are a long time fan of Resident Evil, and have kept track of the minor details will be rewarded. Heres a hintThey didn't forget about Project Wesker and the Wesker childrenIf you know what I meant, you are in for a treat, if not, well reconsider if you really ARE a fan of Resident Evil since this isn't really explored in the main games,since it was referred only in a small memo. Regardless, it is more of a side story and not really necessary if you don't want to know what has happened to Claire and Barry."
,Not Recommended,287290,28122169,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Aleq,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, bad menu work poorly AI. poorly made animation and it just looks like♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198056914472,Not Recommended,287290,17099746,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Stain,It's not RE40/10
76561198054130405,Not Recommended,287290,31110257,Posted: 12 April,all,Bruni,"Buyed this as a coop game, but there is no coop. One person storymode. Thats it!Grafics totaly outdated. Controls mee.And that i have to buy 3 DLC for 6€ each, to go on in story? Realy?Not worth the money!"
,Recommended,287290,23652953,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ReDeath666,"Dis gaym, eets omazeballz, tso gud. mine got"
76561198093959858,Recommended,287290,14720383,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kevstermonster,Good game .Some Bugs with the cocaroches but other than that it ran great. More than I would exect from a $6 dollar game.
76561197967648495,Recommended,287290,14725630,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,teg,"Closest thing to RE4 that's come out from them in awhile. I'm not sold on the split between two sets of hero's but it helps keep it from being boring. It's still tank controls but you can move while aiming. The gameplay really depends on you moving to spots where you have a tactical advantage. Weapons and skills are up-gradable so it's RPG like. It's pushing all the right buttons for me.Rev #2 has a mode called ""Raid Mode"" I've been playing since I blew through the story missions. It's essentially combat arena's you can play with your characters. I'm really enjoying it. Next install is supposed to expand the number of levels to ""raid"" on. I've probably got 10-12 hours into it. 2 hours in the story (if you watch the cut scenes) and the rest raiding.I paid the full $24 for all episodes. It's been worth it to me so far."
76561198166052562,Recommended,287290,14720867,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,xifms,this is the RE we have been waiting for for such along time :)
,Not Recommended,287290,32072771,Posted: 30 May,all,Miraculine,nein
76561198067340548,Not Recommended,287290,25209468,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RED,CPU usage 100% Capcom? Bug off!
,Recommended,287290,16814561,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Thomas the Tank Engine,"If you are like me, you love the Resident Evil franchise and always waiting for the next release! Well this game filled my desires in everyway possible. This is a great story-driven game and overall release in the series you should totally give a go!"
76561198047344855,Recommended,287290,14655652,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,N1 Opiate,Cant think of any game that was perfect on the day of release. As far as the games goes it seems stuttery but my fps hasnt dropped below 90 on high settings. Maybe its time to upgrade or clean your pc if you cant do better
,Recommended,287290,14660709,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,toxicfrog79,"So far so good!I like the the rather minimalistic graphics which is easy for an eye yet high quality character models, mo-cap and voice actor play. The shooting and aiming system is intuitive, enjoyable and simple, love it. It almost feels refreshing from all other super-saturated AAA games!The only two cons so far - when running [Alt] and going left or right at the same time the camera/character tends to make sharp turns, almost like spinning, a bit annoying. The other con, some parts of the level design seems to be a bit too cheap - feels like auto generated props scattered around. Needs more craftwork here and there.Other than that I would give it a solid 8 out of 10. Must have."
,Recommended,287290,14655543,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,๖Atomicskullz,"This is almost a ""scary"" version of the Modern Resident Evils. Ammo is hard to come by and enemies do not drop loot, making survival a bit tricky. Animations are somewhat ""laggy"", and models will have visible seems by the hands.I do like this game, however you have to wait for the release of future episodes to play the rest of the story."
76561197972292039,Recommended,287290,14660730,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,tjtrotter,Loving It. but the wait for the next part is going to kill me.
,Recommended,287290,14656088,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ocean Night,Amazing!!!!BeautifulI love
,Recommended,287290,14664833,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,AltSaber,"Let me be very straightforward with you.  Everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing and crying about this game FAILED TO READ WHAT THEY WERE BUYING. Here are some key points to be made:1. The developers stated multiplayer will be coming soon after retail release...it does not currently come with the game.2. The micro-transactions people are crying about are just skins in the game...WHO CARES. Play the game as intended or buy skins.  It's your own decision...quit crying.3. This game is episodic, QUIT CRYING THAT THEY RELEASED IT AS EPISODIC.  YOU KNEW THIS FROM THE START...WHY BUY IT IF YOU WERE GONNA JUST CRY!?!?!?!4. Lastly, Many of the people crying about frame-rate, etc.. are playing on laptops....GET A BETTER COMPUTER OR PLAY ON LOWER GRAPHICS...Anyways, as for the game; for a port, it is pretty well done.  The graphics are pretty decent (above mediocre) when set to max settings.  This can also be improved in your 3D graphics control panel.  This game is Episodic in nature, which means, you will play the games chapter and need to wait for the next one to be released.  I for one enjoy this style of games.  It keeps the suspense and hype going, almost like watching a really good TV show.  The gameplay is pretty in depth and has some very fun and unique mechanics. Combat is pretty smooth and fluid.  There is a leveling skill system in the game as well which adds a nice touch, especially if you choose to play again in a different way.  So far I can highly recommend this game as being fun.  Of course, the game is short being an episodic game, however, it is only $25 in total and well worth it."
,Recommended,287290,22915150,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,doggy,I like the start a prison good start for survival area.and a knife.
,Recommended,287290,23566484,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TheBookBoy,Died a lot. Jumped a coupe of times 10/10
76561198130089017,Recommended,287290,23433955,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,"(><)=1+["".""]=0",why should i put like 18$ just to buy the damn game if i have the cd :( but the cd doesnt have the episodes damn u
76561198024872886,Not Recommended,287290,14714885,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,heketsu,"how to ♥♥♥♥ play episode 2 or 3 or 4 i becouse i buy that only ep 1 and can t buy that 2,3,4 episodes -.- wtf????? i wanna play that all episodes!.. but can t buy that becouse i have this game allready!!! -.-  ♥♥♥♥in steam"
76561198044876854,Not Recommended,287290,23601137,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Rhade,"never buy capcom games for pc. massive bug issues with no real support from developers. its a crapshoot whether the game will work or not on your system. the same issue is present in all capcom games involving the config.ini. no fix or attempts at fixes will be given from devs. you will have to forum crawl and try every single suggested fix from the community and hope they work. even if they do, they dont work very well.  buy at your own risk"
,Recommended,287290,23323173,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Vicious,I can shoot things.
76561198284683577,Not Recommended,287290,23598704,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,99 Flake,Dont buy this because of a sale i did and regretted it was going for less than a pound so i was like hey ive heared of residents evil it wasnt very demanding and the graphics were allright but unless you buy the bundle whitch will cost you 23.99 or like 15 if on sale then there really is no point you can only make it so far and once you reach that point you cannot claim a refund it is quite annoying luckilly i didnt buy this at the full 5.00 then i would have been really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287290,32246289,Posted: 7 June,all,Animanser,"Не Biohazard , а Resident Evill ^_^"
,Not Recommended,287290,14653958,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,twitchtv/frunkoh #hype,"Sadly I'm hopping aboard the negative bandwagon. I almost bought this game for a friend under the premise of COOPERATIVE play so when I booted up the game to give it a test run I was sorely disappointed. Tried playing it in single player but trying to control 2 people at once (since whoever I'm not controlling stands around idly during a fight) just really killed it for me. Despite Resident Evil 4 being a generally terrible game, the co-op play gave it great flavor with lots of great memories. I'm going to try and slug through the single player but I am so disheartened to do so. I shall re-review this when Co-Op Online Raid Mode becomes a thing, but for now I would say skip this one. Thanks for nothing Capcom."
76561198031597440,Not Recommended,287290,14658258,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,thunderbreak,"Game is basically in post beta phase, and it's obviously not ready for comercial launch.At this time, the game is on the verge of being unplayable, charcter stutters violently, extreme inconsistent frame rates, and sometimes just straight up freezes.Need patch ASAP."
76561198146732394,Not Recommended,287290,30708738,Posted: 24 March,all,Floofles,The Games Fun And I Loved Resident Evil But This Is Just DissapointingYou Need To Per Episode
76561197970341827,Recommended,287290,14647447,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CTSxViper,I have had no framerate drops and am running this on an I7 with GTX 780ti SLI and so far I love it! Why so many haters of this series?
76561198107281961,Recommended,287290,14657524,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,การ์ตูนS.T.A.R.S,this bug i want update fix bug
76561198145491881,Not Recommended,287290,26447309,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LOGAN,BEWARE not the full game you have to by DLC inorder it to be the full game
,Not Recommended,287290,28863410,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,(´･ω･`),"some things are cool, some things suck pretty bad"
76561198077134316,Recommended,287290,14734735,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Mr Snow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuTC-oXVpBo
,Not Recommended,287290,30836905,Posted: 30 March,all,DARK_WARROCK,How to play Co-op? I really confuse. someone can explain me?
,Recommended,287290,14657459,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dumar,"So... I read many reviews (a total of 22 or so) and I was only able to find thumbs-down and mostly everyone mentioned issues with FPS, controls, screen-tearing, and overally frustratingly buggy experience.I'm here to say, this isn't the case exactly.My hardware is  GPU780ti SLI CPU:AMD OC 8350 FX 4.5ghz.Game Performance:All other GFX options are set to MAX @ 1080p.FPS set to 60 (non-variable)1.5hrs in, and I have my partner and entered combat (with 2-4mobs) and the game never dropped from 60fps -- Not once.Granted, I've only played 1.5hrs' but it was enough to get as far to get my partner and enter combat with 3-4mobs on screen.Controls:I had no-issues thus far at all with FPS, and the game plays really well with M/K.Again, some have mentioned terrible controls and I beg to differ... No need for a xbox360 controller.So far, the story and atmosphere of this game is on-point...The Bad:I'm not sure if I like the enemy design... Something about mobs with hammers/weaponry is just a turn-off in a RE game... I just want zombies... =(OTHER (Multiplayer):So, a lot of reviewers on steam are complaining about OFF-line multiplayer?!In 2015... really? Nearly every country has decent internet, (speaking from experience as I've recently been to Africa /Kenya, Peru/Lima and Thailand/Bangkok I myself played a decent amount of online PC and 3ds games there myself.)I find it difficult to believe how No 'Offline-MP' can be a deal-breaker for some...Time to game-on....PS: Anyway, I made a video of this game, and uploading to youtube now if anyone is interested 1080p gameplay and I get recked as the game is set to the hardest level. (youtube nuruddin peters)"
,Recommended,287290,14653903,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Prospero666,"No Co-op? Guess what, NO ONE CARES!Good game, FAR better than RE5 and RE6. The main series has lost it's way. Plays like a love child of Revelations and RE0. I really like the character switching, different abilites and skills with each.A few frame rate drops but it's not as bad as everyone is b-i-t-c-h-i-n-g about."
76561198160791836,Recommended,287290,14658515,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,G-Man,i love lamp
,Recommended,287290,14644165,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Addict With A Pen,This game is amazing. i was raised into RE games and this one is fanatastic. the only down side is you have to wait for the episodes to be releaes :(
,Not Recommended,287290,14658312,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ivanero,"DLCs:75€ for the full content right now, and it's not over.Terrible port:- I can't move scrollbar with the mouse, same as Revelations 1.- Performance is horrible at some places.- Even the menu gets stuck sometimes not working properly with mouse.Unfinished launched game:- No campaign co-op in PC. Why not? And why not online co-op? It has a lot similarities with RE6 and that game had a great co-op campaign. Why gave the customers less options?- No online RAID mode. Seriously? Chapters thing is fine to me but... why no online Raid Mode yet????But a great game:Excluding all those things this seems to be a great game. I enjoyed Raid Mode of Revelations 1 a lot with a friend and now it seems to be way improved. The engine is better, not orthopedic like in Revelations 1 and more flexible like RE6.I could say this is a good mix between RE6 and Revelations and it has the main elements that first RE games had. Scary atmosphere, dark and laberynthic scenarios, little puzzles, scary moments, mysterious plot...But please... fix those idiotic things Capcom, you are supposed to be a decent company and you make these horrible mistakes with a sloppy and unfinished port..."
,Not Recommended,287290,29562628,Posted: 29 January,all,angela7272,i wish that these games could have more to do with inteligence instead of killing! this game need  more inteligence and less violence I give this game a high 6  It needs more creativity and mystery!  I give this game a 6 out of 10
76561198167804134,Not Recommended,287290,16316762,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,narguy,it sucks
76561198156025282,Not Recommended,287290,24022203,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,𝕾𝖆𝖙𝖆𝖓𝖎𝖈,No CoOp ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t....
,Recommended,287290,23561649,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Goku,EHH IT'S ALRIGHT
,Recommended,287290,14649559,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DankXProXAli,SOO GREAT!! its soo good raid mode crashes soo i cant play it :DDD
76561198142717073,Not Recommended,287290,34489487,Posted: 25 August,all,"<<""ⓛⓐⓜⓑⓔⓡ"">>",Dont even bother buying this crap Game. try other Resident evil game
,Recommended,287290,14646901,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,STiK,Got it just because I could play Wesker !
76561197982171878,Not Recommended,287290,15006690,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Thorin181,Buyer Beware!  This game is poorly optimized for PC.  Stuttering and frame drops drag what could've been a merely ok game down.If you have a powerful enough PC the game will apparently run as it should.  I recommend having above the Recommended System Requirements.
,Not Recommended,287290,23594336,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gottam,"At first, Black screen.Then I went to update my graphics drivers and now it can't even start up.Not worth my dollar"
76561198061225607,Not Recommended,287290,23610526,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Confused Boi,10/10Would crash again
,Not Recommended,287290,15021813,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,personoffood,"Played this on my laptop that has the IntelHD4000 integrated graphics chip.Works fine on Low settings and 800 X 600 resolution at sub-30 FPS.But that's not the problem. The problem is...within the first 10 minutes of thishorsecrap, I barely encountered a single zombie/mutant, and it was just a QTE!Everything else is just running around like an idiot figuring out how to navigatethis abomination of level design that not even Destiny would be proud to have.I promptly uninstalled this game after 10 minutes. I want my $6 back.Also, patch 2.2 can kiss my fanny."
76561198059919166,Recommended,287290,14705299,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,เด่นดี,Omigod! What The Hell!my PC can play RE6  without lagging but not for revelations 2
76561197998677384,Not Recommended,287290,14691684,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,don_joen,You're all bunch of Complainers... The solution to the many problems of this Software is is Simple... Here is the correct Solution... Go to Your Game Library ... Select Resident Evil/Biohazard Revelations 2 and then Right Click... Select Delete local Content... It will save your Sanity and you would thank me for it...
,Recommended,287290,28494215,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[°BfS°] Tao,I do not recommend this to poor people.I NEED MORE EPISODES. I GOTTA FINISH MY SERIES. I NEED MY FIXNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!
76561239819683313,Not Recommended,287290,30525398,Posted: 15 March,all,Sam,1-2 hours GamePlayLittle LaggyGlitchesCrashesStuckCluelessi would say this game is not for you
,Not Recommended,287290,30378086,Posted: 7 March,all,elayis,i don't even know why i have this game.
,Recommended,287290,26263969,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Munithe EXT,Cool game except when will they learn no-one cares about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stick-waggling omg will all devs just quit it already
76561198031175852,Recommended,287290,14663319,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Spinzi,"Very very good game, I really enjoyed playing it, and I like this system with episodes. Good job Capcom."
76561198040595612,Recommended,287290,14643985,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Shadoswulf,"I only played a little bit of this and it handles like a dream, the graphics are absolutely stunning and the new zombies are creepy as hell and I LOVE IT!Capcom this Wulf is pleased and very impressed with the good work you have done.I can't wait to see what other dlc and updates you have in store with this game.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves the Resident Evil franchise and gaming cause this game is well worht it."
76561198150806564,Not Recommended,287290,23619307,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sense,this game only take your money and give one Episode like sh**
,Not Recommended,287290,32485763,Posted: 16 June,all,Aladinas h1z1.plus,give back my money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287290,14718307,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nectarine,"Capcom developers worked their♥♥♥♥♥off to release a new Biohazard game with a decent plot for once, people are butthurt because there is no co-op."
,Not Recommended,287290,29100600,Posted: 7 January,all,Megiddo,Feels like a Resident Evil 6 DLC. You will just play it once and never play it again.
,Recommended,287290,14661628,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,-[Newizer]-,"if you like it buy it  trust your decision !don't care about scumbag reviwers , they're psycho"
,Not Recommended,287290,14730784,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,collectablecat,no ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,287290,14733222,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,YummyToast,Saw everyone angry about lack of local coop for pc and news that coop raid mode would be added at a later date...Made assumption that the coop game must at least have coop online story.Was so wrongCoop game without coop 11/10
76561198057953351,Not Recommended,287290,23161116,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,yolo_swaggins_101,complete rip off
,Not Recommended,287290,29852413,Posted: 11 February,all,Bart Simpson has a Funny Face,ERR09: Unsupported Function
,Not Recommended,287290,28687978,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pepperoni,NO CAMPAIGN COOP
,Not Recommended,287290,14643932,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KoJeT_,"I feel really disapointed and let down with the fact the co-op is not online.  For one.  Raid mode Will be online so why can't the campaign?  I feel sort of lied to and would have waited a little longer.  Still going to give the game a shot loved the first revelations anyway.(edit #1)Alright So after 20 minutes of the story Games framerate drops dramatically though not unplayable the first revelations was similiar alright 0 for 2 so far Revelations 2.Raid mode crashs after clicking deploy.  3 strikes thereNo online OR Offline co-op on the PC version for campaign.  Right.. so why exactly did Couch co-op have to be removed for pc?  4 strikes.Only 3 positives i can think of as of right now.-game was cheap-game looks pretty good compared to the first-Does not attempt to make you deaf at the title screen like the first one and every resident evil before.SO as far as I can tell Not worth getting on the PC  Bad framerate drops, no co-op of any sort which was sort of the ♥♥♥♥ing selling point for the game, and raid mode doesn't even work at least for me right now.  Can I recommend?  God no.  Do I really want to recommend?  Yes I do but im not going to.I will definetly keep up with the game as the next few weeks go by but as of right now do not waste your hard earned cash on this Save it for something thats actually worth playing right now.  I hope to god I can change this review to recommend some where down the line.And capcom.   Please give us online co-op for the campaign.  Yes the PC is not used to couch co-op usually so do the smart thing and give us online co-op I didn't buy two copies of your ♥♥♥♥ing game to be lied to.(edit #2)   ♥♥♥♥ you capcom...  I feel like a lot of us want to say that.  (also If you are saying this review wasn't helpful because its not recommending the game and you are that die hard of a fan than I can assure you I really want to recommend it but I just ♥♥♥♥ing can't  stop sending me friend requests to tell me im an idiot.)"
76561198048420529,Not Recommended,287290,15058961,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ZZZQQQ,"This game is worse than revelation 1.It is like a combination of psycho break (the evil within) and the last of us but in a bad and boring way.In terms of horror and puzzle design, it is worse than rer1 and re 1-3In terms of action gameplay, it is worse than re4-6.Maybe it is not that bad itself, but rer2 is the worst one while comparing it with the games mention above.Also there are some graphics and fps problem ( but it doesnt bother me)"
76561198103441493,Not Recommended,287290,28128557,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,josher,not recommended
76561198070251185,Not Recommended,287290,29175081,Posted: 10 January,all,rascalrhett1,"don't be fooled by that 5.99 price tag this here is capcom marketing at its finest. The game comes in episodes, level 1 is episode one and its like 30 minutes long, the rest cost you money. the full price of the game is like 25 dollars but they will never tell you that"
76561198188886469,Not Recommended,287290,29229699,Posted: 13 January,all,Zoom®,This game looks good to me i love it but saldy cant run it good.. Do to Fps Drops| Suttering. I do hope there will be a patch!!! other then that its a 5/10..(BAD PORTS)
76561198326810846,Not Recommended,287290,25563530,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,universbacksa,why the game not workingi start the game the screen became black and freezi cant play
,Not Recommended,287290,34909426,Posted: 12 September,all,Hoodman,"Yup, episodes for games is fricking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198336475782,Not Recommended,287290,28265076,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GTX 1080TI,ไม่นะ
,Not Recommended,287290,28493457,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gbf PUBGBets.net CSGO-SKINS.COM,no co-op .......
76561198083182223,Not Recommended,287290,23671969,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX,why dont have coop mode how set ? someone can tell me ?
,Not Recommended,287290,23561551,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Phrak,co op is local only lmao
,Not Recommended,287290,14957920,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Al3xius,♥♥♥♥ this game! SCAM! NO COOP!!!!
76561198033250121,Not Recommended,287290,33274728,Posted: 5 July,all,Evil,CAN NOT BEAT THE GAME  game breaking bug at last boss u warned. dont buy it!(EDIT)damn son so much fanboys :s  0/7 found this helpfull XD  erm if u used ur head u would see other people complain just as hard as me....so much trolls  i cant beat the game i make review about the GAME BREAKING BUG and allthe people get salty XD to funny8 days 7 ppl hated this well on my way to ruin the worlds plans ;)   why u kids think crap like this matters  the game IS FLATOUT BROKEN  and ppl thumbs it down oh ye i spend 16 hours to get to END BOSS and walk away from it and lie on a forum about it right.....   that makes more sence right.. how thick are u ppl XDDDDD  this fuels me i trive on this ^^(EDIT2)lets see if we can break the 0/100 thumbs down ;)
,Not Recommended,287290,23836870,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pyotr François,Ucuz diye almayın şu oyunu leş gibi
,Not Recommended,287290,30736631,Posted: 25 March,all,Fairway Frank,"-Purchases game for a whole fifty cents-Launches game-10 minute Anime-esque Intro-I finally get control of my character, 10/10 walking simulator-Walk up to things and press E-Pushes a bookshelf out of the way and a mutant Trump supporter gives me an angry surprise-Quits game1/10 this game has been nothing but mean to me"
,Not Recommended,287290,29325804,Posted: 17 January,all,jigalopower,its a 2 hour long demo for the full game which you need to pay for in incriments. know what your buying before you buy it
76561197977260303,Not Recommended,287290,18633352,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Qusia,What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. You have to buy the episodes just to continue the game... WTF?! Really Capcom? ♥♥♥♥ you.
76561198002925212,Not Recommended,287290,29381616,Posted: 20 January,all,Serann,"I bought the first chapter for this game for roughly 80 cents and I got exactly my money's worth.Its combat system is like a more annoying and almost just as repetitive Alan Wake, which I thought was the king of annoying, repetitive combat systems, until now. You even get the same flashlight mechanic, only even less convenient, this time.I would forgive it, if this were an actual horror game, but it's just a splatter-action-shooter. And if you're going to be that, you should be fun, not dull."
,Not Recommended,287290,29772500,Posted: 7 February,all,Maemuffin,"I feel like this is the biggest ripoff in the history of ripoffs. For the price of the game you get a total of 1 mission and the rest are DLC. I bought this when they were doing their big Resident Evil sale so I didn't realize that the game was originally $5.99 otherwise I would have realized that something was up. I thought that I was getting a good deal. Turns out, nope! I was just being scammed.You basically spend $5.99 for a demo."
,Recommended,287290,14647541,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,10/10Kawaii
,Not Recommended,287290,31876046,Posted: 20 May,all,Hydrus BlaZe,Good game but it should be renamed to Resident Evil Ebola Hazard.
,Not Recommended,287290,25012228,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ok.,*rips a long fart x2*
76561197999346452,Not Recommended,287290,26094867,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Cody Cigar,"*fart* this game sucks and it's in ""episodes"""
,Not Recommended,287290,30708231,Posted: 24 March,all,Fratele Gunoi,its only 1 episode
,Recommended,287290,14643975,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,OPwand,the horror is back......
,Not Recommended,287290,29525408,Posted: 27 January,all,MonsterCat =◕｡◕=,"Stupid game no ONLINE mode, dont buy it!"
,Recommended,287290,14644047,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Always丶,10/10 for Graphics. Not so bad.
76561198156913618,Not Recommended,287290,29996587,Posted: 17 February,all,Kontroller,"To put it short, you have to pay to play for more than 1 episode"
76561198079884183,Not Recommended,287290,34124838,Posted: 9 August,all,Yorozuya,This game is ok.
76561198354458744,Not Recommended,287290,33105088,Posted: 1 July,all,Goo87,total crap
,Recommended,287290,14644127,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,nice playing! new graphics and new enemies!
76561198167137366,Not Recommended,287290,30352519,Posted: 6 March,all,Ruby,"A really bad resident evil game, you know, like most of them?"
,Not Recommended,287290,30285530,Posted: 2 March,all,BHz,"this game is +18 so im pretty sure i can use ""L"" word in here+ positive  things about this game : you can play as 2 Lesbian charecter- negative  things : everything else"
76561198011400321,Recommended,287290,19202817,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Misanthropist,"Here we go, another RE !We have revelations here again and now in episodic version, it can be + or -, depends just on youThe game now looks little bit bigger and better than the first one, also the story is like more personal and I like it :), atmosphere is almost same like in Revelations, just gaming style changed a bit because of 2 new characters - Moira and Natalia, who giving something different to the game, especially Natalia, because they are not typical RE killing machinesLike always it's full of content, so when you finish the story, there are another modes for it, concept arts, figurines, skins and more for unlock- raid mode is bigger and better too, now you will defeating many various enemies in single missions and there are many of them :)- there are also 2 dlc episodes, which are nice refreshment after completing the storyIt has some negatives too like absence of coop campaign or fps drops sometimesAnd I am not sure if i like the ending lol, there were too many unanswered questions, at least on some of them answered dlcs, but i still feel like it should be little bit different, idk maybe it will continue in another Revelations game, who knowsBut if you liked Reveations, I bet you will enjoy this game too :)"
,Not Recommended,287290,19215826,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hans Brotmeister,"ATTENTION: I do not think that this is a bad game. In fact, I think that it is a really good game. However, it is has several technical issues and is in dire need of a patch. As soon as it gets that patch I would happily recommend it.Resident Evil Revelations 2 is a third person survival horror game with RPG-elements. The action takes place after the events of Resident Evil 5. Against the will of her father Moira Burton joins the organization TerraSave, where Claire Redfield is employed. Suddenly the TerraSave building is attacked by an unknown special ops force and several employees, Claire and Moira among them, get abducted. When Claire and Moira regain consciousness they find themselves in a worn down facility. Both are wearing mysterious glowing bracelets and each of their steps is watched by a madwoman who talks to them over the intercom and just calls herself “The Overseer”. At the same time Barry Burton is desperately looking for hints on where his daughter and his friend could have been abducted to.Revelations 2 is divided into four episodes. As with the first Resident Evil Revelations the story is again told in the style of a TV show. The recaps are however far less frequent here, since the episodes are longer. Each episode consists of two chapters. In one chapter you will be playing as Claire Redfield and Moira Burton and in the other one as Barry Burton and Natalia Korda, an abducted little girl whom Barry meets on his search. Unlike in Resident Evil 5 the characters’ abilities vastly differ from each other and you need both characters to work together in various ways.Claire uses guns and a knife while Moira is equipped with a flashlight and a crowbar. The flashlight can be used to discover hidden objects or to blind enemies, briefly stun them and make them vulnerable for a follow-up attack. Both Claire and Moira are able to use sub-weapons like for example Molotov cocktails.Barry also uses guns and a knife albeit his guns are different from Claire’s. He has a flashlight mounted on his vest. It illuminates the surroundings but cannot be used to find objects or blind enemies. Natalia has the ability to sense nearby enemies, even through walls, as well as their weak spots if they have any. She is also able to make hidden objects visible by pointing in their direction. Furthermore, she is the sneakiest of all characters. In combat Natalia can pick up bricks and either hit enemies with them or throw the brick instead. While Barry can use any sub-weapon, Natalia can only use smoke bottles.There are also parts where only one of the characters can get to and then needs to clear the way for their partner. Moira can get up to high ledges by getting lifted up by Claire. Natalia on the other hand can squeeze through small openings where no grown-up would fit through.The weapon system is handled in the same way as in the first Revelations. Each weapon has a set amount of slots where you can fit upgrades in. The upgrade kits that you find are however not randomized as they are in Revelations 1. Claire and Barry will both get a fixed number of certain upgrades provided you find all of them.As opposed to the first Revelations, Revelations 2 has a proper inventory system. Both of your characters have their own inventory and can swap items with each other. The inventory capacity can even be upgraded. The inventory system directly ties into a mechanic that is completely new to the series: Revelations 2 introduces a crafting system. You can combine empty bottles with various other ingredients to craft sub-weapons like exploding bottles, Molotov cocktails or smoke bottles. You can also craft items to treat harmful status effects like bleeding.The other mechanic that is completely new to the series is stealth. Any character is able to crouch down and try to approach enemies unseen. This is a fine addition that feels like it should have been in the series for a long time. Sometimes the stealth works really well but at other times it is quite wonky. There are times when enemies are aware of you while it does not make any sense. Other time you might run into problems with enemies who are so deformed that you cannot be sure in which direction they are looking while you sneak towards them. The stealth system felt incredibly satisfying at times, but at other times it was quite obvious that the developers should have put more work into it.Like in Revelations 1 and Resident Evil 5 you earn BP after completing a chapter or meeting certain conditions. While there are many extras that can be locked with BP, Revelations 2 introduces an RPG-element in shape of a skill tree on which you can spend your BP. Most skills feel pretty useful and none of them feels too overpowered. The better part of the skills benefits all characters while some are only useful for either two or one of them.It is at almost any point possible to switch between characters and you will need to do that to complete the campaign. However, the whole campaign can be played in local co-op and that is where the real meat of the game is. If you have a friend, a sibling, a partner, or anybody to play this with you will be having much more fun than if you were playing solo. The AI partners are not horrible but there is much that they cannot do and that is probably intended. The different abilities of the characters also help to make co-op a very enjoyable experience. It is not just two people with guns who can basically do the same stuff. Both characters working together make for a very satisfying experience.Sadly the level design cannot hold a candle to many other Resident Evil titles. Many of the environments are fine while other come along as quite uninspired. The levels themselves are for the most part too linear and corridor-like for my liking. This is something that should have definitely been handled better.The Raid Mode is also back and this time the developers put visibly more work into it. The stages are not simply parts of the campaign but are specially designed for Raid Mode. Characters now all level up separately and every character has a number of active and passive skills to choose from. In my opinion the raid mode here is way above the raid mode from Revelations 1. Unfortunately the raid mode is also home of a rather disgusting DLC policy. Capcom, we need to talk. Do not charge people for inventory space. That just comes along as cheap and does make people rather not support you.Lastly, here is the only reason why I am not recommending the game: the technical issues. The programmers did a really bad job and a majority of players experiences frequent lags and stuttering. Many rigs that can handle Resident Evil 6 maxed out on 60 FPS have had serious problems with Revelations 2. By the way the raid mode’s hub room makes my GPU driver crash every 5-10 seconds. I wish I was kidding. I suspect the glowing door. The game needs a patch badly and while I would love to give a recommendation, if it stays this way I will not be able to.I do not think that Resident Evil Revelations 2’s single-player campaign is as good as the one in Revelations 1. However it makes up for this with a very satisfying co-op experience, an improved raid mode as well as some interesting additions like the stealth and crafting system. If you know that your rig can probably handle it and if you got someone for some local co-op then you should really give it a try.More reviewshere"
76561198036327955,Recommended,287290,19175621,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,darksage226,"one of the things i clearly like the say at first is the humor in this game is awesome!this game is a definite improvement from revelations as this is not so much puzzling where to go as in the previous installment,weapon aiming and using are also much betterin my opinion you have to get this game if you are a fan of the game series in total!"
,Recommended,287290,19017303,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,eD,"It has none of the cheese from the first Revelations (which is bad IMO - cause the cheese in Rev1 was fun), but it's not the worst RE game. More Resident Evil than 5 or 6 IMO."
76561198027705147,Recommended,287290,19240682,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Shyfe,Just buy it
76561197997738262,Recommended,287290,19048835,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Solcius,EPIC GAMEKAFKA FTW
76561198213986811,Recommended,287290,19142076,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ADE,I have a fault and now cant even launch RE2 REVAfter updating the graphic driver GForce to 358.91version  RE wont launch.Anyone has a solution? sent capcom an email regarding this and they didn't reply as yet.
,Recommended,287290,19148778,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jasant,numero uno
76561198150697143,Recommended,287290,19249556,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,D3ath,Amazing game.This game is just so fun to play.It has a lot of action and horror.Amazing combo right there!!!!One of my favorite resident evil games right here.
76561198257462167,Recommended,287290,19055546,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,hartofadyingsoul,"I only bought ch 1, so that is all I'm going by. But so far so good, I have and older PC with an on board video card but the game runs ok for me, there some pretty nasty jitter at times ( run at low settings in 720) even when I go down to the lowest settings possable I still get jitter which seems odd. How ever in raid mod it seems to run smoother.Raid mode in RE R2 is much nicer than in the first one. Graphics are good sound is good, so far I like this one more than RE R1."
76561198085747632,Recommended,287290,18982608,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Flamenkoo,"Hello, I finish today a 1st episode and I have to say it's really great for now :D. History is interesting, graphic are good, monsters are scary, I can't wait to play other episods :). In few words, u should try this part of Resident Evil series :3"
,Recommended,287290,18917162,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Frostjaw,"If you liked Revelations 1, you're gonna love Rev 2.It's basically everything they did right on the first game plus the ""Jill sandwitch"" thing all over again.PS: Natalia is so OP"
76561198005370632,Recommended,287290,18959334,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Brenda,good game
,Recommended,287290,18977814,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kabam,Only thing I've found wrong is that I don't own the rest of the episodes yet. >.<Raid mode is extremely fun.
76561198115995102,Recommended,287290,18980611,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,GODZILLA™,Resident Evil Revelations 2 Rocks!!!
,Recommended,287290,19069269,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Jolesco,"To all fellow gamers and friends....RE Rev.2 is exactly what you want a RE game to be.Good story with many interesting locations & gameplay mechanics.The way the story was told in the campaign, specially liked the Barry & Natalia sections (not all about firepower)Somewhat the same feeling I got when playing Silent Hill 2, back in the day.And then you have the Raid mode....I thought it was better than Rev.1. More balanced difficulty."
,Recommended,287290,18955117,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,taha.1411,Nice game butthe game have problem or no one online !?
76561197972369460,Recommended,287290,19348127,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dracul,"Not the best RE game around, but not the worst by a long shot. The atmosphere and story are pretty good, feeling somewhere closer to RE4 than the later titles - The game being broken up into segments is strange especially because steam sales seem to only get applied to the first chapter (boo) and each chapter you finish ends with you being force fed the same unskippable credits (why?!).Gameplay wise its proven to be fairly fun, if relatively easy. I havent played a RE title in years and pretty much rip through each segment with 1.3-1.4hrs play time , 70%+ accuracy and 3 or less retries (usually 0 with Barry). You basically go through with one pair of characters and then go through the same area (more or less) from a different or somewhat different path with another pair of characters so there is a lot of rehashing something like RE2 had.The bazaar requirement to swap to your secondary character regularly to check for hidden items is different but tends to feel like it mostly serves to waste time and make the game feel larger than it really is.  Combined with the rating system, hidden blue medals to shoot and a 'upgrade bench' revelations 2 draws from pretty much every popular game around from The Last of Us to Deadspace 3 and everything in between. (Some enemies even look like they stepped out of a Silent Hill game)Dispite its drawbacks and cheap presentation I do recommend Revelations 2, it at least tries to recapture the old Resident Evil feel but unfortunately refuses to abandon the action game feel that has progressively been the bigger focus of the series for a long time now. I did like how very few bullets I tend to have for a situation, haven't really felt a shortage of ammo sense the first, maybe second resident evil (though I haven't played the first revelations) so that was a pleasant suprise. ( I remember playing the original RE prior to auto aim being implimented, where sometimes it was better to juke a zombie or hunter than use precious bullets to gun it down or shooting a zombie dog to knock it down then knifing it the rest of the way.)"
,Recommended,287290,19396881,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tryhardosaurus Rekt,"Best 0,95€! Would've been great if the DLCs went on sale as well... guess ill wait a bit for thoes."
,Recommended,287290,19427991,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,chaotic neutral,I run fast. Gym membership.
,Recommended,287290,30043876,Posted: 19 February,all,MK Rattly,I was almost a Claire Sandwich!
,Recommended,287290,17872535,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,HUNKARIFIC,"Amazing game, love that there is two endings! this game definately gets back to resident evils roots as a survival horror game!"
76561198082509206,Recommended,287290,17829213,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ed10k399,"I have two GTX 970 in SLI and an Intel i7 4770k (stock speeds). OS is Win7 x64. All settings at max.Running on a single card...999 MHz (automatically set)less than 35% load180 watts power consumption for everything inside the PC caseIn SLI...1152 MHz (for both cards)less than 20% load200 watts power consumption for everything inside the PC caseOn the CPU side...less than 35% load whether running on 1 or 2 cards in SLIThe game hasn't crashed on me. No stuttering, except when taking screenshots."
76561198051190291,Recommended,287290,15350012,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Eremes,"This is the best Resident evil game since RE4.That does not mean is anywere close to how good RE4 was,just better then all the games Capcom threw at us after 4.But with this terrible Framerate issues that gets worse from each patch,i will not recommend or not recommend,buy it at your own risk."
,Recommended,287290,14643990,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Calis,"Edit:  I realize most edits go at the end, but they really did fix all the problems I wrote about this game.  Especially bringing the online raid (as advertised on release page... it's not like i just gave it a thumbs down because I randomly wanted for a function to be available in a game that didn't have it), and removing the weird lag/delayed response issue completely.Switching my review to a ++.  Great job listening to players and fulfilling your advertised promises.OLD:Saw multiplayer online co-op and bought a copy for myself and my friend.  Unfortunately that was a mistake.  It's an ""offline game"" with only local co-op.  Didn't even bother figuring out what that was like because I can't imagine playing this game sharing my computer with someone sitting next to me.I did not play RER 1.  I was told it was really lame so i skipped that one.  This review does not factor in a comparison to that game.The hour i did play RER2, it felt terribly ""laggy"" and there was a latency with the mouse movements...  which is odd for an offline game.  I get frame freezes mid fight occasionally even though my framerate says i'm 60 all the time (gamecap).  Was really looking forward to this, and feel totally let down.  The raidmode with the health bar and damage numbers were cool but it wasn't implemented into campaign mode... which felt like previous resident evil games.  I got bored with the resident evil series (even though I kept buying and trying them) and was going to skip this one too.   From the trailers and pictures I thought ""hey, level up, skill ups, farming for better gear with my friends, sounds great!""    I was wrong.  Same old game yet again."
76561198078214260,Recommended,287290,17170222,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Zantor,my Review for Resident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 21) first i have to say this I bought this game for a coop experience with my left hand and my right hand and it work great. one use the mouse and the other one the Keyboard.2) a great story3) I had not one time FPS drops .4) The Grafik great.5) The Sound effects is great it made a awesome atmosphere.6) i love the new littel girl Natalia Korda she fit very good in that story.Play it before you die ;)
,Recommended,287290,17173333,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sadius the Corruptor,"In all honesty it's a hard game for me to decide upon, I like it but dislike it, there are some parts that stand stronger than the first but then it feels weaker in other stages, lemme start off with a comparison to the first Revelations and among other things.1. First off, story really doesn't leave off from the first Revelations and continue Jill's story, you start as the people helping the clean up and play as Claire (Chris Redfields sister), her friend Moria Burton (Barry Burtons daughter), Barry Burton and a little girl (Totally forgot her name, forgive me but I am reviewing this game after several months of last playing it). This game really doesn't have much a connection to the first except the company who started it, not even the T-Abyss is really used (Unless it is and I have completely forgotten, comment if I'm wrong on that). It starts off as Clair being taken by some strange men to an island along with most of the company and obviously, a virus is on the island, I really won't spoil Barry's part of the story as that plays out as the more interesting one of the two.2. Gameplay is relatively the same but you get a co-op buddy that can't be controlled by a friend and can't really use any weapons, you often switch to it to complete certain things (I can't even call them puzzles) and just use her for finding stuff (Applies to both Moria and little girl). It's just shoot the zombies, burn the ones that need to burnt and shoot the ones in special places. However it did away with one thing that makes me happy about it, ENEMIES NO LONGER DROP AMMO, EVERYONE REJOICE3. Atmosphere, tension and any remnants of horror is kinda thrown away for this one I felt, although I shouldn't be praising Revelations on being Claustrophobic but it worked well, this one threw away whatever scares and tension there was despite being a lot more helpless moments and never feeling overpowered.That being said some parts of this game excell, I especially like Barry's introduction to this game but I also hate it's sameness, you often revisit levels and new characters are really poorly written, Moria is your generic rebellious teen, guns are bad and clicktivist, Villan is mysterious and uses quotes to show evilness. Raid is a lot less enjoyable I found compared to the first and I don't know why but I just find it less fun, the levels are taken from Resident Evil 6 as well.It's a fun game but it barely stands up, it does well to reinvent certain things but I think the biggest mistake is introducing co-op characters again, I feel like it removes a lot of the fun but the removal of enemies dropping ammo is so good and it nearly makes you limit your ammo, NEARLY. It feels more survivalish but the actual tension is not there, It's a hard game for me to recommend. Would find it enjoyable if you found 5 fun"
76561198050750789,Not Recommended,287290,14662530,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"you can buy it , but it's up to youi was blame the game but i blame my pcof course when game just release will be some issue that you can fix it or company will care about thatjust need a patience .Raid mode is a good challenge  :PEdit : the performance still  as before very bad they didn't do anything"
76561198068001534,Recommended,287290,17199419,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheBestLadyman,"So I've only played the first episode so far and I'll update once I play the others, but so far this is the best Resident Evil I've played in a very long time. It feels like the old Resident Evils but plays like the new ones and it is amazing. If your new to the series or a long time fan you will love this game either way."
76561198084758130,Recommended,287290,17555953,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Digibro,Needs Graphics settings options in the main menu.Please put it in Capcom...
,Recommended,287290,17575159,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Legendjerry,10/10 would play again
76561198201946823,Recommended,287290,16571028,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,omega,its awsome game
76561197994232553,Recommended,287290,16578215,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Helsvrik,"Revelations 2 feels like several steps in the right direction, back towards the original Resident Evils. It takes contol elements from the later titles in the franchise and incorporates them with the older survival horror atmosphere, and has managed to blend the two concepts very well. On the harder difficulties there will be points where you have to weigh the value of running over expending ammo and possibly running out when you need it most. You're given a third choice though, through your partner: utilizing their abilities to stun your targets and follow up with a physical attack ala Resident Evil 5 and 6. The story is, to me, well written with strong characters, and it's refreshing to see Barry Burton in a leading role. This game has easily pushed him into one of my favorite characters in the franchise. If you've come for the story, I don't think you'll be disappointed. It feels like a true Resident Evil."
76561198188587549,Recommended,287290,16553153,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stanley Rinaldo Sulistyanto,Really Resident Evil feel :) with a nice third person view :)
,Recommended,287290,16555979,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Savion,"Even though this seems like the lowest budget Resident Evil, it's still the best game since RE4. All the action is still there, but there are hints of actual horror and tension unlike RE 5 and 6. The Raid Mode is totally fun and addcting and worth the price of admission by itself. Bought this game on both PC and Console and love it. Hope RE7 follows suit."
,Recommended,287290,16576382,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pr0t0typ3,"Oh, you wanna hear the Story of how i got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by this game?No?Well tuff I am still gona tell you anyway!So this ""Game"" was reduced, so I bought it immediatley, not knowing what was about to happen.I played through this great ""Game"", loving it more by the minute, until BAM:""Please buy episode 2""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOObut now to the real review:Pros:It´s a lovely game, which has some Jumpscares, and works great.Graphics are goodEngine works great.I love the tensionHas a ""coop"" modeCons:Bodys dissolveYou have to buy every new episode.All in all8 Undead/ 10 Undead"
76561198043787346,Recommended,287290,16532595,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tylocks,"While it features everything I would expect a sequel to Revelations 1 to contain, I feel bad for player 2 during the story co-op as they play as a barely armed sidekick character. That and the lack of variety in Raid Mode's background music is annoying."
76561198077593978,Recommended,287290,16533721,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gweigweik,"A bit disappointed that this wasn't for the 3DS like the first game, and the fact they're doing this episodic release is pretty annoying. I got it for sale for 2.99, and it's a good price for the content provided, decent challenge, and Raid Mode is great.  The game is well optimized, it could run great on a toaster with no problem, the mouse aiming is a bit weird, and there isn't a good sensitivity slider. Oddly, it's better to play as Moira, the partner to Claire who can't use a gun, you can easily get through this game using only a few bullets as melee is extremely powerful. The writing is delightfully corny and self aware. I suppose it's a bit cheap, but still, it gives funny nods towards the series in jokes while providing new jokes, such the deliberately corny Terra Save ad."
,Recommended,287290,16543626,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Crosst Night,"Surprisingly good, not the best in the series, but defineltly noteworthy."
76561198060940494,Recommended,287290,16865263,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,LunarButter™,Horror and Adventure YES PLEASE !!!
,Recommended,287290,14653880,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kondorr,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 1: 8/10- RECOMMENDED!Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 2: 9,5/10-  VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 3: 9,5/10-  VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 4: 8/10- RECOMMENDED - especially when you choose Moira to do... you know what... ;) !Review of Episode 4Both chapters are fitting conclusions to this game, although the bad ending (although great) is VERY short and unsatisfing. The good ending is as cheesy, as over the top, as bazooka and as chopper as every other REsi game. In the end I would say this was the best game in the franchise since ""the over the shoulder camera"" revolutions.I like it more than RE4 because of the story and characters, I like it more than RE5 because it has less action set pieces and I like it more than Revolutions 1 because it is not bound by the restrictions of a hand held system. BUT it is a truly shame, that there is no online Co-Op...Still this is one of the greatest REsi games!Review of Episode 3:The Claire/Moire chapter not only is again very strong in survivor mode, which is amazing, considering the evolution of RE games, but also boosts amazing textures and lightning to generate a very creepy atmosphere full of tension and terror. The biggest new (old) addition are the classic RE-puzzles... they might not be to everyone's taste, but they are very classic and fun for those who solved those back in the day. I love how the game solves single player co-op, but still, not featuring online co-op in this game is disappointing, because it would make strategic stealth and survival even more complex and fun. This is THE major downside: Lack of online co-op!One thing that deserves a mention are the boss fights... they are really REALLY tough...The Barry chapter is no pick-nick, but is much shorter, but still great, with lots of opportunities for co-op kills and stealth.Review of Episode 2:While the first one, was really just a teaser, this one changes things up a bit... both, the Claire and Barry parts get more interesting, with interesting enemy types and great level design. Also, while in Ep.1 Barry played more like a shooter, here we are truly and always down to just one more round, one more bullet and survival is tough, therefore the welcome addition of stealth, which can instant-kill enemies normally able to swallow a buttload of bullets.One downside is again the attack of the frame drop. After so many patches, it still is frustrating, especially on the boss fights, but with nerves of steel it is manageable... But this REALLY requires ANOTHER performance patch. I am truly having doubts at this point if going forward with episode 3 makes sense at this point.Another great pro... the ending... so cheesy... so cliche... perfectly right for a Resident Evil game :DReview of Episode 1:Claire chapter is great, the atmosphere is superb, THIS is the RE game I want! The Barry chapter kinda dragged but also was really fun. The story is intriguing. I still experienced SOME frame rate drops, but these were minor. Also, the game seems to load heavily after each death and this causes frame rate drops, which go away after a few seconds, so if you experience this, simply wait before starting to play after death.Resident Evil Revelations 2: Little Miss - 7/10only RECOMMENDED as part of the whole packageResident Evil Revelations 2: The Struggle - 9/10BUYER BEWARE but RECOMMENDED but only as part of the wholeReview of Little Miss:This Bonus Chapter is rather short and not really eventful. You are to get from point A to point B while not being seen by the monsters. The story is rather filler and it shows hows Natalia got from one point in the story to another. Is this a waste of time? NO. But it is hardly worth the original asking price.Review of The struggle:While Little Miss was not much a challenge, but still had a creepy atmosphere, this one requires skill. I loved the idea, that you have to earn yourself your ""lives"" or ""continues"", you have to go for a hunt, shoot and collect game and fill up max 5 bags. The amount of bags is the amount of retries you get later on, when it gets real tough. The later segments are very hectic, require skill, and sometimes learning the spawn-points of the enemy.The downside is, that there is not much cut scenes to tell the story (similar like with Little Miss) but what is there is sufficient. I cannot recommend the two bonus episodes IF you have to pay for them separate, but if you got them ""for free"" as part of the package then definetley both are worth your time.Final Verdict: 9/10 - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561197998477503,Recommended,287290,18366962,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,XaoLongLee,"Story Mode: Less action and just a tiny bit more scary moments than the previous Resident Evil games. Very interesting and exciting to play through.Raid Mode: All the action you need, very fun."
76561198072492546,Recommended,287290,19553396,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Spook,Awesome :D
,Recommended,287290,19547696,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PEACE MINUS ONE,"The game getting exicited since RE R1/BR1.Survive Sense 9/10 = so hard to find ammo or herbEnvironment 9/10 = Just like the old timesAtmosphere  8/10 = i got jumpscare every time when zombie try to hug me from behind . i know i'm sexy but.. thanksWeapon 8/10 = Hand gun , Machine Pistol , Shotgun , Magnum , Crowbar , Combat Knife is fine"
,Not Recommended,287290,14722340,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,valha,I really enjoyed every ♥♥♥♥ing game in the Resident Evil Series but this time Capcom made a real crap.
,Not Recommended,287290,19468558,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Itachi Uchiha™,"I'm big fan of resident evil games and movies. I really love  them. I just finished RE Revelations 1 and decided to try this but... This tottaly sucks! The gameplay,story, graphic everything sucks... Just don't waste your time."
76561198234607980,Recommended,287290,19477451,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,WildHell,"I've never played Resident Evil before in my life, even tho everyone say it's a good game.So this autumn sale I saw it and decided to give it a chance, bought the first eipsode of this game.It is really good!! just too short...I am looking foward to buy the  other episodes"
76561198133286094,Recommended,287290,19483721,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kewageshig,"being a little girl smashing skulls with a brick, can you do any better?! i don't think so10/10 i need to smash another skull!!!"
76561198045470612,Recommended,287290,19490492,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Driex,"My favourate RE game without a doubt,Offers a fantastic campaginand offers a fantastic post game mode being raid mode that will get you lost in it for HOURS, with some fantastic characters to play (Leon,Hunk,Jill,Claire) to name somethe only issues with this game is that they rushed it which is pretty evident when you start playing campaign mode, alot of audio issues, graphics and visual issues, and diaglog issues. But this dosent carry off into raid mode which is fantastic.8/10"
76561198310784776,Recommended,287290,23671955,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,LIZER,"все просто идиально,над этой игрой разработчик постарались,в ней есть и хоррор,и экшн и отличный сюжет.Да есть конечно минусы,какие то недочеты,но посути они естьв каждой игре.Вобщем  по 10ти бальной шкале я бы дал 8"
76561198139520562,Recommended,287290,19926290,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Billy Frost,"even my intel hd graphics card runs better than my nvidia card WTF!!EDIT: I feel like the game is broken because the framerate doesnt change between lowest or max graphic settings but still, im not complaining tho but capcom just needs to fix that. The game is great and fun like all the other RE games just new features added and some new mechanics. At first i was complaining because the game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my nvidia card with the graphics at lowest having some huge frame drops but i decided to crank the graphics up to maximum settings and enable triple buffering in the nvida control panel and the framerate was better with no fps drops, weird. It doesnt annoy me but maybe to low end players yes.Game: 8.5/10Optimization: 4/10"
76561198155058621,Not Recommended,287290,20379952,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jim Halpert,This game loooves to friggen freeze!
76561198130059043,Recommended,287290,19981136,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sophie,"I love in the Raid Mode the variety, both in the weapons and the enemies you face. Fighting a fire zombie? Switch to your machine gun and load it up with ice bullets. Mixing and matching tactics to fit what the game throws at you is a continually enjoyable challenge. You're constantly unlocking new weapons, characters, abilities, and so forth to customize your play style. :)"
,Recommended,287290,20352394,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,✪Fire<3,This game is goodGraphics - 8Gameplay - 7AI - 4Guns - 9This game 10/9
76561198016818946,Recommended,287290,20374186,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,animalmagic,"maybe the best resi yetgraphics could be betterbut the most dynamic and involved combat yetthe duo skills i.e nat and barry, moira and claire is superbwell done"
76561198259138277,Recommended,287290,20081951,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CaptainLittleNuts,love it
76561198020888243,Recommended,287290,20332638,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Punishment,The game looks amazing...
76561198077522829,Recommended,287290,20310286,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,prophercyend,"Its a good old school horror puzzle game, plenty to find good graphics for its time recommend the whole resident evil series"
76561198047448891,Recommended,287290,20398872,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,undertheeliptic,one of the best most playable resident evils since 4. great story line takes place some years after re 4. claire redfeaild is the lead in this one but she looks different. great game but i can not get it to run right. it crashes every time i access menus and i am losing dialaouge on the fmv.
76561198149857859,Recommended,287290,17785829,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Drez21,awesome game! 10/10
76561198057842710,Not Recommended,287290,17239026,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Deeman777,"I've only played through the first two episodes of this, I gotta tell you, I regret the 15 dollars I've wasted on this game. Its a fairly decent game with some good tense moments in it but the fact that it can't run ♥♥♥♥ing right is what sends me over the edge. It tears, it lags...BAD. Really bad. This is for the first 2 minutes after its gone through a loading screen. This includes dying. Guess what, I die a lot from trial and error and I've waited for this to run how it should for a total of 20 minutes. 20 wasted minutes for a 15 dollar product. I've been able to run games that were almost photo-realistic on max on my machine and its having trouble running this on medium.  I paid for something that should only be 5 dollars for the whole package until they fix this. Game was clearly not ready for release and its been 5 months and you had to have the fan community fix it for you. Amateurs! Terrible port, don't buy it unless you want to get ripped off, the developers need to learn how to port a ♥♥♥♥ing game to PC or just ♥♥♥♥ing neglect the PC because this is BS. And its only a decent game."
76561198022873572,Not Recommended,287290,17243752,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,skullncross,good game graphically but got lots of glitches in it not worth buying if you love glitches it now sits in my folder needs redeveloping section lots of things that ate impossible to complete comon who puts a switch facing oposite direction and you have so many seconds till door closes you have a companion that 99.99% of the time that does nothing worth while they could of hit the switch while you pass throufg gate needs redeveloping up to this point was fun till i goto the impossile gate to get through was at a score for me at that point at 10 then dropped drastically to -1
,Recommended,287290,17776001,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,BruceleeRoid,Hnnnnng 10/10.
,Recommended,287290,16786421,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dehumanizer,"As a long time fan of the series, I must say this has to be the best RE game since RE4. The first Rev was great but this game takes everything Rev 1 did and made it better. Claire is back and Barry is finally a playable main character. Classic RE cheesy one liners, great atmosphere, relys on horror and Barry saying ""I have this"". Absolutely awesome. Sure the graphics arent on par with RE5 but to me they are alot better than the abomination RE6. Hell, this game takes a nasty crap all over 6. Raid mode is awesome. Alot of customization and alot of characters and stages. Shame no one plays it though. But if you have a friend who plays then get together and play some raid because youll be playing for a few hours and not even realize it. What I also liked about this game is that you arent handed a bombardment of ammo anymore and you actually need to conserve. The story isnt fantastic but since when is a RE story supposed to be great? No, its cheesy, just the way I like it. Wish we had more character development with Alex but nonetheless, she was a great villan and I was happy to see her debut. If you love classic RE you will love this too."
,Recommended,287290,16756797,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"This is probably my most favourite resident evil game to date!Good things:- Very creepy atmosphere!- Nicely done combat with bigger variety in Raid Mode- Raid Mode- Pretty intruiging story for a resident evil game!- Cool idea with switching sides and telling story from 2 ends- 2 endings (at least that I know of)Bad things:- Online part of Raid mode could be done little bit better (like they could make hosting easier so I wasn't locked to wait for people to join while in host mode)- Maybe this one is only me, but some maps in raid mode are very... like... ""wtf is going on here"" kind of maps :D I'm not 200% up with resident stories so can't even put resident game to some maps from raid mode and they look very interesting- May be considered short in story department :( The longest episode is #3 and the creepiest is probably #1. I wish they will make campaign longer in Revelations 3 which (based on this game and Revelations 1) I'll be looking forward to now."
76561198120569908,Recommended,287290,17906364,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dia'Mortis,"overall the main campaign and raid mode are fun and rewarding and have the feel of the old resident evil i give them a 9.5 outta ten because i had to pay money for the entirety of my game(more money than the 30 dollars it took to buy the game why i had to pay another 10 for the rest of the main story is beyond me) now on to the 2 dlcs stories... moiras campaign is assinine and stupid i dont care how she got there in the main story we find out shes alive so why do i need a dlc to tell me that? and its compltely moronic because on the second level i failed 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times because the enemies can detect you if you so much as cut a fart because apparently their kin to ryu hayabusa and have motion trackers it boiled down to me grabbing the assault rifle and running out the village screaming ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out! i give that a 1/10 because of the auto fail and needing to kill animals just to be able to continue my game why? is it there i dont know it serves no purpose and now to little miss the most assinine and stupid of all the dlcs... it boils down to natalia not having any powers and u sneaking through areas with enemies who detect you through walls and oh guess what! the one thing that ruines a game? auto fails come back here with a vengence! if they so much as hear dark natalia say something rude to you because shes a ♥♥♥♥♥ like that you fail when i dont know i could just run up the stairs grab the post card and move on.... but nope you basically have to sneak through levels while dark natalia follows and acts like a total ♥♥♥♥♥ get used to having to repeat the same god damn area 6 times because you will i got frustrated and quit more times than i care to admit, the dlcs are not worth the buy unless they involved raid mode as that is fun as hell avoid little miss and the struggle if you can really the only thing i got out of them that was worth it was the costumes for natalia and moira but if your a glutton for punishment and wanna kill about 6 minutes go ahead and play them"
76561198273695851,Recommended,287290,20689169,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,williamstevenson26,great game only played episode 1 up to now but runs smoothly had no trouble with glitches or crashes up to now
76561198121160829,Not Recommended,287290,19987324,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,くま,Fix the goddamn stuttering
76561198202031650,Recommended,287290,20716211,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ryza,"This installment of Biohazard renews hope for all old school Biohazard fans. This game has corrected what was wrong with the last Revelations. The unbearable cliche characters of Revelations are thankfully not present in this installment. Revelations 2 brings back an old school Biohazard fan favourites Claire Redfield and Barry Buton.The game does not have the clunky tank controls that took all the way until Revelations and Biohazard 6 to fix. The enemies are faster and more grotesque looking. Boss battles are intense and the game allows the player to seemlessly switch between characters. Unlike prior RE games in which the partner character was a bafoon that could only serve well as a pack mule; Moira knows well enough not to run head first into danger. Most of the time the player will not have to worry about the partner dying. Moira and Natalia recover health whilst Claire Redfield and Barry Burton do not.Gameplay relies on using both characters to solve puzzles and fight enemies. There are some enemies that Natalia and spot and help Barry fight. Moira can stun enemies with her flash light and help Claire dispatch enemies with her crowbar.The only disappointing aspects of the game are the graphics and length. Nearly all episodes can be completed in less than half an hour. Luckily, Raid mode can offset most of this disappointing aspect.This game is undeniably shorter than Revelations 1; but a huge leap forward for the series.It is exciting that perhaps that any future Biohazard titles will have the survival horror elements that have been lost since Biohazard 4.Biohazard Revelations 2 is a game that must be played by any Biohazard fans and survival horror fans."
,Recommended,287290,20603052,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,"Capcom doesn't understand what survival horror is and while that shouldn't come as a surprise, what was a little bit jarring about this game was that it attempted to go halfway on the idea by trying to make enemies intimidating and limiting some resources, however it still plays like an action game and outright requires you to kill certain enemies. This doesn't exactly work when you're trying to limit resources. In summation the game is ok. The quality starts out rather high and decreases with each new episode. 1 > 2 > 3 > 4. Still worth a play though."
76561197987704222,Recommended,287290,20616721,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Forthias,"I loved the campaign, then discovered Raid mode."
,Recommended,287290,20639286,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sanya V. Litvyak,半回归本质，算是还原了一些开门动画一类的一代老传统，氛围不错
76561198124254214,Recommended,287290,20614097,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Gussiboss,"I loved every moment of this game, as a true RE fan. Claire is my absolute favorite and the return of Burton was epic. I feel this game overcame the first one in the series, and was for me the best game since RE 4. Still it needs more horror and puzzle. Not perfect, but very good.Pros:-Plot and Characters-Design-Two different stories which meet perfectly-A very good plot-twistCons:-Needs more puzzle solving-Needs more horror and less action gameplay-Raid mode could be better"
,Not Recommended,287290,18922936,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Hustle G,"Another Resident Evil title attempting to recreate the formula of RE4. I suffered through the first Revelations giving it the benefit of the doubt, but an hour into Revelations 2 and I've realized that this series has been run into the ground. I thoroughly enjoy the root games of the series, and have high hopes for the RE2 remake, but I don't see myself buying any future titles otherwise. RIP Resident Evil"
,Recommended,287290,19229754,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,chocolatte,Gruesome graphics. Intense. Spooky. Insane. Hardest and best resident evil game (on suvival difficuly) since RE4. A must play at midnight :)
76561198038705562,Recommended,287290,18602209,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rocco,"Just bought the game and played the first part of chapter 1 on hard (survival). I'd say; buy the game only if you are a true Resident evil fan, I like it a lot but you'll be dissapointed if you expect a well balanced game. The game mechanics sometimes feels like a ****, wich is just not what I expect and like in 2015, and it's kinda annoying when monsters dont just don't react to vulnarability's like the flashlight or don't get stunned when they should, especially when there is no room to evade these things are very annoying. I dont mind to die or get hit by enemies, but when its caused by game mechanic limitations its just not done.That said, the gameplay is oldschool, wich i do like very much and the atmosphere is also really good. Look for hidden items, search for ammo and keys and find your way through the game with the help of your partner. I'm happy to play Claire again and I really feel like playing playing resident evil again.I would give the game a 8/10, if you're not a Resident evil fan I wouldn't go further than a 6/10 and you'll probably want to try a game like The Evil Within for a much more satisfying experience."
,Recommended,287290,18685768,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,NATOMarksman,"TL; DRPlay on Survival difficulty, very few/no zombies (like other post-RE4 games), storyline sets the stage for a very interesting future of the franchise, animations are all right, graphics are decent, level design is decent.All four episodes are $25 with the season pass, so I would wait for a sale if you don't want to spend that amount.What I did was spend the $6 on the first episode and go from there.  If you don't care for it, you only spent $6. If you liked it, buying the season pass will be cheaper because there's a discount for upgrading from the first episode.If you do buy the season pass, play both side campaigns AFTER completing the game.--The game has a system similar to RE2, with the A/B storylines that converge. For the A side, you have Claire and Moira Burton (yes, the daughter of that Burton), and for the B side, you have Barry Burton and a mysterious young girl named Natalia.The central premise of the game is fear, in a literal sense. The Progenitor Virus derivative in this game is T-Phobos, which activates when the subject's nervous system is totally overtaken by a sense of fear. It then mutates them while also creating the opposite effect; by invoking fear in other people, they get a sense of euphoria, which causes other infected subjects to mutate.If the subject isn't overtaken by fear, the infected are compelled to try to kill you.So naturally all of the infected try to kill you.The game follows Claire and Moira as they try to figure out why this virus exists and who created it, while Barry tries to track down Moira with the help of Natalia.What makes this game excellent is when you play it from the get-go on Survival difficulty. Casual and Normal are similar to Very Easy and Easy mode in RE1 REmake/Remaster, which is to say that they are intended for people who want to play and judge this game based on the storyline and atmosphere alone.The problem with that is that it kills the experience. The whole point of survival horror is that you don't have enough ammunition to squander powerful shotgun (or worse, magnum) ammunition on every single enemy you face, and so you have to evade, dodge, and conservatively fight your way through. You end up having to sneak around searching every corner to scrape together enough ammunition to survive your next boss fight or major encounter. It really amps up the atmosphere, because of how Survival difficulty demands much more attention to detail. Dying is part of the process, because it gives you a reason to be afraid and cautious.So play on Survival.A number of the animations feel recycled or wooden, but I can look past that because of the above. It really does feel like survival horror now, even if it doesn't really have zombies in it.There are zombies, but considering how you encounter them with Barry (who has the .40 cal Samurai Edge of RE1 REmake fame as his primary handgun), they aren't a central enemy of the game, and at this point, when almost every playable protagonist is capable of drop-kicking enemies, they wouldn't be.I had hoped that there would be no projectile or blade wielding enemies and that they would be more focused toward Uroboros type designs (which directly challenges your ability to use said melee techniques), but in a post-RE4 franchise, that would be hoping too much. The endgame boss is essentially a more mobile version of a certain enemy from RE4, which was also disappointing, but considering how the bulk of the game is spent trying to survive, I can excuse that as well.I still recommend this for RE fans looking for a game where enemies don't drop ammo or items, and where exploration is not only encouraged, but required to scrape together enough to survive.Moira was surprisingly lively as a character, with lots of deadpan snark and Buffy-esque one-liners. I'm actually looking forward to seeing her in another game.If you do get to the end (there is a certain cutscene where a character has to decide to overcome her fear), things start to fall into place, and the ending is very satisfying.--9/10 for overall direction in terms of mechanics, dialogue, and plot development, 8/10 for execution of overall direction."
76561198069663259,Recommended,287290,18713839,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Diamond Doge,"When Resident Evil 6 was coming out, I was onboard that hype train as soon as they ""promised to bring back the zombies and horror"" aspect of the previous games but came away dissapointed after completing the game with little to no horror whatsoever. But then you have the Revelations series of the Franchise which actually brings back the horror elements that RE6 and the Evil Within was lacking in. RE Revleations 2 is a great start in bringing the horror back to Resident Evil. This game in particular almost has a Silent Hill kind of feel to it."
76561197961368845,Recommended,287290,18707632,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,HoneyMeloTea,"Great Value for great fun, the graphics are also amazingly good.  But unfortunately the game is super short, 1 hour per episode. If you dont mind purchasing each episode seperately then this is a great buy.  Until November 16th they do have a special sale for the complete collection for $20."
,Recommended,287290,18706862,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,luickx,¡Referencias!
,Recommended,287290,18706914,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Matt Wilson,"I've been a Resident Evil fan for the past two decades, and I've seen a lot of games fluctuate from good to bad and then from bad to worse and then somewhat good again. This is the ladder; something that has come along to try and restore fan's hope the series hasn't lost it's way and wants to stick true to it's survival horror roots. Although it does a decent job, it doesn't quite hit the mark just yet, but I think a lot of fans upvote this for the positive reinforcement that this game is a ""step in the right direction"".To me, it's more of a cobble pot of fan feedback and community ideas that kind of got tossed into a barrel and stirred around, then dumped on the floor and the creators stand back and exclaim ""Ta-Da!"" and this is what we get.So here are some of the pros and cons from everything I've seen from this game. (The whole series + Raid Mode )Pros- You get to play as Claire Redfield once again!- You also get to play as Berry Burton! (With Uther the Lightbringer's Voice!)- Nice RPG elements, like building up skill levels (Story + Raid) and unlocking and equiping new gear, upgrading gear, and unlocking characters and leveling up (Raid)- Monsters/Zombies are intimidating and bring back an old, Resident Evil feel to them. Also, no more exploding heads and being replaces by annoying mutant hybrids that are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to kill (One exception is with the bomber mutation, but that's the only one.)- Enemies are also unique in the way they look and how they move around. No more charging at you at full speed and then stopping right in front of you. These guys mean business this time.- A progressive story line that keeps you engrossed the entire time, and you always want to find out what happens next!Cons- A pretty sorry port to the PC, with a lot of dips in the frame rate.- Half the skills you need to upgrade or unlock should honestly already be a part of the game. Like really? You need to upgrade a skill to have your A.I. partner attack for you while you switch back and forth? To do a follow up move or stomp on an enemy while they're on the ground? Really?!- The A.I. is actually pretty stupid and the worst I've seen in all of the RE games I've played so far. I'm not sure what the fetish with them and co-op mode is but most of the time I have to switch back and form between characters just to keep them alive because the computer will have them standing RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE of a team fight popping their gun off and getting mowed down by some enemies weapon. It because a very redundant, daunting task after awhile.- Enemies as well as partners have a bad habit of sometimes getting stuck into walls by walking into them, and you need to back track in order to get them un stuck.- Enemy damage is inconsistent in story mode. In Raid Mode everyone has a health bar so you can see what's going on, but in the story mode the damage varies. You could do the exact same attack or attacks to various enemies and the damage output is never the same.- Don't expect your A.I. partner to save you. They won't. They never reload their weapons, either. (Even when passed ammo)- A lot of missions are failed because your partner refuses to move and takes too much damage and dies.I'm at a cross-roads with this game, because I want to love it more than RE6, but there's a lot of things I feel like they should have brought from that game and added to this one, like the counter system. A perfectly times button press at the right angle lets you counter your enemies attacks, while in this game you simply have a dodge ability that may or may not work in any given situation. The ability to leap forward or backward has been taken away as well as prone crawling in place of simply crouching. There are ""stealth"" take downs, but there's not very many oppertunities in the game where you can use it, especially since Berry is the only one who can do it and the enemies always seem to know where you are.Also, ammo can be very scarce no matter what difficulty your on, which would normally make for a great survival horror experience. But, since the melee system is trash and the counter system is non existant, you have to rely on pop shots to stun your enemy long enough to kick them or knock them down, then (with the given skill) stomp on them while they're on the ground. So, it's like the developers are at least trying, but they're taking away certain aspects of the game to add new ones for the ones they've taken, which makes no sense.All in all though, I like the enemies, I love the enviroments, the characters are cool and the system is there, it's just the A.I. partner really, really needs some work and they need to work on putting back in the features that work and adding other skills to spice up the rouster rather than making you unlock things that should already be standard in the game. It doesn't make it more challenging, just more of an uncessary headache.6.5/10"
,Recommended,287290,18782552,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,EPiCGAZZ™,I love this game! i enjoy playing raid mode with my brother it feels much better and more polished from RE5 and RE6recommend for first time RE players start on Revelations 1 first :D
76561198197732399,Recommended,287290,18738579,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BubblesH.Bear,"All in all, from what I've played, this is a pretty amazing game so far. It seems a tad bit glitchy, but still amazing."
,Recommended,287290,18759120,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fat4Life!,Best Resident Evil since 4.Raid-Mode is fun and challenging.Also a great co-op experience.
76561198034997190,Recommended,287290,18647654,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ivo hellcase.com,"I really liked this one. Way better than the first revelations and RE4 & RE5. It kind of remind me of the trilogy. Has something of survival horror, and the ability tree and the teams bring something new to the game."
,Not Recommended,287290,18871829,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,aMzaleG.,MOST BORING GAME IVE PLAYED
76561198115836780,Not Recommended,287290,18856041,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,vuikeeITguy,can someone answer me why i play ep 3 that door no open and  stuck in there please fix it or i want reinstall?
,Not Recommended,287290,18869282,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,| HollowFvck,gua kira 4 chapter !! ternyata cuma 1 !! bangke lah beli lg episodenya !! khamtek !!
76561198056482661,Recommended,287290,18871028,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mr. Shakedown,"If not for Barry, the master of unlocking, I might have become a Claire sandwich. This here's a good one with a fun raid mode, good coop, and lots of replayability."
,Recommended,287290,18868062,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sofacykel,"Surprisingly short first episode, however it does contain ""Raid Mode"", a 2 player co-op ""mass murder everything from point A to point B""-mode. 2 hour campaign that ends in an introduction to the next episode.I had hoped to walk the asylum a bit more (like the mansion in RE1 and the police station in RE2), find more backstory or gruesome stuff happening, but that was a shortlived journey. Now we're in for a seaon of ""Lost"" instead and I'm not sure I'm digging the direction.For 6€ I suppose it's alright. It really doesn't do much though, and the supposed zombies will often get stuck in walls or walk on the spot when they can't pass certain terrain/objects. It's a bit too action-y for my taste, but they've finally picked up the Resident Evil flavor again. A few very easy ""modern"" puzzles here or there, but it's babysteps in the right direction I suppose. Some of the monsters have a very ""Dead Space"" feel to them as you shoot limbs off them hoping to find the one with the glowing yellow bubble of videogame vulnerability, although they are relatively scary to fight.Seeing how the next episodes won't add anything to raid mode and probably be just as short as this, I can't see myself purchasing any more for 6€. The quality just isn't there to justify it. The ""Complete Season"" is out for 20€ (25€ if you don't own Episode 1) but I'm hard pressed to recommend that either.Campaign is Local Co-Op only, and for some reason I can't get it to work with M/K+Controller. I has to be 2 controllers in my experience. Raid Mode is Online or Local. If you don't have anyone to play with you'll be stuck with a halfway terrible AI in Campaign (Solo in Raid), but all they do is secondary stuff (no guns or real fighting ability) so it might not even be that fun to be Player 2.It's the best Resident Evil out right now but I suppose that isn't saying much. I recommend giving Episode 1 a try at a discount (definitely worth those 2 hours of playtime!), but the rest I can't comment on as it's merely speculation."
76561198159631056,Recommended,287290,18858393,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,onizaki,Resident Evil Revelations 2 is my second favorite game in this series. It's very good gameplay and story but I want more melee combat like RE6. That should make this game perfectly.
,Recommended,287290,18849819,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CheetoWTF,THE BEST  GAME EVER!!
,Recommended,287290,18865104,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Borba-e-Alex,"I do recommend this game. Pretty much. Yeah, seriously."
76561198012076797,Recommended,287290,18834821,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,west4sider,"Nice graphics and interesting story, but not good multiplayer options."
76561198002558707,Not Recommended,287290,18848847,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Taiga,"Waited a long time for this game to fix all its stupid issues, such as its miserable co-op support. Thought it'd be fixed by now. Tried it briefly, found the intro amusing. Got into the game, and was immediately shocked by the absolutely awful mouse camera. Spent ages trying to fix it. Searched for solutions online, couldn't find one.Great. Why does this always happen?I remember back in the old days when mouse worked fine. Doom, Wolfenstein, etc. No problems.Why is simple mouse control such a huge issue in recent PC gaming?It's a fundamental issue and breaks the entire game.Protip: When you make a game, before you start putting in assets and stuff, make sure the basic controls work properly!I know this game is a budget title, so the visuals aren't great. But from what I saw briefly, there are some pretty amateurish issues, such as inconsistent texture resolutions, which low-res and muddy even at maximum settings on 1080p.What bugs me most is the lack of decent lighting. The game looks like Resident Evil 4 original PC port.Light and shadow are key for good visuals. You can't make use of shaders and normal maps without decent lighting.If you can deal with the above issues, then sure, go ahead and try it.Personally? I think my time is better spent elsehwere."
,Recommended,287290,18849441,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KenMassacre,"Out of all of the games so far, this is a must play. The characters, some old and new, are a lot more developed and very intriguing. The vulgarity of their language makes for a real commentary reaction plus lightens up the already deep dark ambiance of Revelations 2. The mechanics are closer to old Resident Evil but improved with some RE6 tweaks. Although at first, it seems your partner may be as useless as the Presidents Daughter, they actually have sub-roles in helping you through the campaigns and they're very capable. Even a small ten year old has skills and attacks! The only thing I don't like about Resident Evil is their still grainy noise filter but that's in most games. So far, very enjoyable and thrilling story."
,Not Recommended,287290,18881876,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,rey,"Juego malo, el asalto es muy aburrido, no hay mucha accion, disparo de la bala mala, el sonido de los zombies malo, impacto en la bala malo, lo unico que se rescata es que da mucho suspenso en el modo historia y te pegas un par de sustos, pero tambien hay cosas que son dificiles de entender y todo es poco trabajado. 5/10"
76561197972345188,Recommended,287290,18881505,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,PwnyNation,"WORTH. I dont write reviews ever. This games deseves it. This game goes places in the story that will suprise you Kafka Quotes, life death mortality. This is the best RE I played since RE4 hands down.My thoughts good re games. if you like those 3 this games for you.RE1RE2RE4RE REV2"
76561198064938909,Recommended,287290,18888930,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ka-Leo_303,"Good game, Feels like Capcom is in the right path to a very good RE game."
,Recommended,287290,18890119,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Fonikh $oupi@,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 1Has any­one under­stood the rea­son behind Capcom’s deci­sion to make an episodic game, instead of a full robust title? I mean, all the episodes are going to be released in an almost one-per– week inter­val, there­fore it is safe to assume that the whole game has been com­pleted a while ago. There is no rea­son in bust­ing our heads as to why Cap­com has come to this deci­sion, and I’d like to con­tinue by pre­sent­ing the game’s episode one.In the first part of Res­i­dent Evil Rev­e­la­tions 2 Episode 1, Claire Red­field and Moira Bur­ton, after being sedated and kid­napped, try to fight their way out of a mys­te­ri­ous penal colony where grue­some exper­i­ments are being con­ducted on its pris­on­ers. In the sec­ond part of episode one, Barry Bur­ton arrives at the facil­ity, in an attempt to res­cue Moira and Claire, and is accom­pa­nied by lit­tle Natalia, who he finds as soon as he steps foot out­side the building.In the game, Claire and Barry are the main char­ac­ters and carry all the heavy fire power, while Moira and Natalia act as sec­ondary sup­port char­ac­ters. Moira car­ries a crow­bar while Natalia is able to sense the dread­ful crea­tures and is able to help Barry avoid them, or warn him of their pres­ence. The player can con­trol any of the two char­ac­ters avail­able in each part, which can be use­ful in var­i­ous cir♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stances, espe­cially if there is a puz­zle or a small crawl­space in the wall where only a child could fit.Res­i­dent Evil Rev­e­la­tions 2 Episode 1 does not fall into the sur­vival hor­ror genre, rather into a 3rd per­son shooter with hor­ror ele­ments. There is no great vari­ety in the type of ene­mies encoun­tered and the sim­plis­tic envi­ron­ments add up to the over­all not so inter­est­ing gam­ing expe­ri­ence. Char­ac­ter mod­els are not impres­sive and can be con­sid­ered as last gen, rather than next gen designs. Addi­tion­ally, some­times the AI con­trolled player might get stuck on objects found in the game, although that can usu­ally be rec­ti­fied by tak­ing con­trol of them.Back­track­ing in the game is a must, espe­cially where puz­zle solv­ing is con­cerned, and what makes the game even more unimag­i­na­tive is the fact that dur­ing part two, where Barry and Natalia are the main pro­tag­o­nists, the player has to go through the same envi­ron­ments for half the part, through the penal colony, and undo the puz­zles solved by Claire and Moira in order to progress to the out­side. Really now??It is also a pity for the PC gam­ing com­mu­nity, that Cap­com has announced on the day of release that there will be NO co-op mode in the PC ver­sion of the game….. The only online fea­ture will be the Raid mode, which is cur­rently avail­able only as a one player expe­ri­ence, and will launch later, prob­a­bly after the release of all four episodes of the title.Dur­ing the Raid mode, the player has to go through a series of mis­sions, usu­ally to kill a spe­cific num­ber of foes, or com­plete cer­tain objec­tives, and is then rewarded with in-game cur­rency or var­i­ous types of new weapons and ammu­ni­tion. Weapons can be upgraded, and char­ac­ters can level up a wide vari­ety of skills, thus mak­ing Raid mode quite fun to play. Unfor­tu­nately, micro trans­ac­tions are a real­ity in this game, via the online shop, which can be accessed through the main menu or the reg­u­lar phone, found inside the raid mode booth.Res­i­dent Evil fans will enjoy the game, as long as they have no co-op gam­ing expec­ta­tions or wish to play a next gen title, because Rev­e­la­tions 2 can­not be assessed as that. Those who were hop­ing to have a great time play­ing co-op with friends should stay away, or get a con­sole ver­sion of the game, where local co-op exists.For more reviews go tohttp://www.blowsomesteam.com/resident-evil-revelations-2-episode-1/"
76561198007956871,Recommended,287290,15442969,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,EviLBlooD,the game is not bad. but raid mode is somehow strange. the character level and reward level are confused. 4/5
,Recommended,287290,15497136,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,pgnator •(ㅅ)•,"You had me at ""Moira Burton."""
,Recommended,287290,15466185,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,On VACation,"I like this game very much. Nice story, aprox 1 hour for chapter on first run so it has good lenght. I liked the mercenarise mode in last RE but raid mod isnt bad. If i compare this RE with RE6, this RER2 is a way better."
76561198083496212,Recommended,287290,15572529,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,LeonKennedy617,"As a Resident Evil fan, i must say that i loved every aspect of this game, totally recommended, lots of scary moments, action and even mistery, great game!"
,Recommended,287290,15487297,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Rheme,"A nice return to the RE4 style of the game, while keeping the handy back up character.  As a female gamer, I really appreciated the fact that Claire Redfield looks like a woman in her mid 30's who's been through some♥♥♥♥♥♥in her life, not like a tarted up little girl.  Even Moira's default outfit passes muster.  The Alternate costumes are ridiculous and 'sexy' of course, but since I didn't have to stare at the cowboy hat through the whole game, I suppose it's up to other people whether or not they use the outfits.  (I can't complain too much, I got a kick out of Chris's 'Sailor' outfit.)Barry and Natalia's half of the game had more of a stealth game feel to it, which was a nice change of pace from the run-shoot-dodge-shriek like a pterydactyl-shoot-shoot-run feeling of RE5 and RE6.Despite being a child, Natalia was not actually annoying, which still leaves Sheva Alomar as the worst sidekick in the RE series.Jokes about the 'Jill Sandwich' and the 'Master of Unlocking' was a nice send up to RE1, especially in light of it's recent re-release.All in all a great game, really great addition to the series."
,Recommended,287290,14689557,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Frost Spectre,"Campaing mode seems to follow same formula as the first Revelations: game is played in 2 different times, telling things in that fashion as the story goes, it's also split into ""slow/survival"" and ""fast/action"", so players can get back into the ""slow/survival"" parts of the game faster.Game also has Raid Mode, unlike past Mercenaries modes, you can equip skills and weapons on your chosen character (from campaing, bonus characters and others as DLC), allowing more variety than before.Raid mode is lvl based, your characters gain experience from playing missions, if you leave some characters unused, these characters will gain ""rest bonus"" which boosts exp gain from playing as one of the ""rested"" characters.Gameplay is mix of RE6 with RE:Rev. (Keyboard and Mouse)Basic Movement is done with WASD, Camera is on free look and controlled by mouse, but character will always stand face forward/back to the camera like in RE:Rev, character will always run and sprinting is same as in RE6.Dodging is similar to RE:Rev ""dash to direction while duck under the attack"", but is now usable anytime with dodge button and direction button, like in RE6. Dodging is not full dodge, timing is still important and direction you dodge, since some monster attacks can't be dodged with certain directions.Weapon usage is still same as in first Revelations, same goes for upgrades. No Secondary firing mechanism.RE:Rev2 has Skill upgrades and BPs (Bonus Points) are used as currency to unlock and improve abilities (Same points are also used to unlock extra content, like concept art and figurines). There is good selection of upgrades. Example: RE:Rev style Melee hold is one of the upgrades, which increases melee attack damage according to how long you hold the Attack button on stunned foe."
76561198009759801,Recommended,287290,15696861,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Oh-RNG,Kinda short... but i still enjoyed the game... Descent RE title!8/10
,Recommended,287290,15701349,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,oJ,Short story but good gameplay and excitement!
76561198004627556,Recommended,287290,14651885,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dante_87,"I'm changing my review for 3 reasons, 1st, I finally finished the first episode and have played the raid mode, 2nd, I finally came off the anger of the controversy from Capcom, especially after they apologized, 3rd, It's unfair to soley base my recommendation on the mistakes of the company rather than what the actual game has to offer. The delay of online gameplay and lack of offline co op is certainly very disappointing, but not reasons to hate on the game.I'm recommending this game because it is very fun, and the way they finish the episode on a cliffhanger is just tantalizing; this, along with the short wait time of only a week for the next episode, makes the anticipation for the next episode that much better.Gameplay: I played on a mouse and keyboard, and frankly, had very little to no issues at all. A little tweaking of the sensitivity and mappings and bam, I have the controls to my liking. The features are intuitive and easy to use. If you've played RE6 then you will feel at home. The only real difference is the dodging mechanic, it's not like the dives of RE6, it's more akin to Lara's scramble from Tomb Raider. Personally, I didn't use it much, so I'm not sure how vital of a mechanic it is, but that could just be my play style.The charchater switching mechanic can be a nice touch. I say ""can"" be because with Moira, it feels very lazy and quite frankly, uselss.  She hates guns, so she only attacks through melee and she uses a flashlight to ""reveal"" items  so Claire can pick them up. The only time she feels useful is to blind enemies with her flashlight. It's only the first episode so he abilities can be developed later and che can become more useful. Natalia on the other hand, she can sense enemies and some enemie's weak points, so I found myself constantly switching to her when using Barry.All in all, the gameplay is fun, sprinkled in with just the right amount of action.The Raid/Mercenaries mode is better this time around. There are different types of missions to engage on, so far I've gotten 'clear this area of enemies' and 'defend this object'. I'm sure there's more, but what really surprised me was that some enemies have properties like freezing. For example, there was the blue glowing enemy that when I got too close or meleed it, I slowed me down or froze me. I'm guessing there are more types as I'll keep playing, but that certainly adds a nice twist. You get to customize your character with different guns and abilities, you also get to sell and upgrade your guns. It makes it feel very RPG-ish.Graphics: Not much to speak of here. It seems they reused the same engine as RE6 and I believe RE5. Althrough the characters themslevs look great, the environmental textuers are pretty average, even less than average since we're moving to a more technologically capable generation. Still, the game looks overall adequate and sometimes decent.Story: I like that they don't reveal everything at once, or that you can see things coming from a mile away. The cliffhanger at the end of the episode was great and had one, maybe two, twists that I did not see coming. If they keep this up, they have a quality story on their hands, the best probably since Code Veronica.Bugs: The only bugs I experienced were the FPS dips (no matter whether on my laptop or desktop) and a really bad game freeze on my desktop PC. The game certainly needs optimization, but nothing was game breaking in my expereince.All in all, this is a step in the right direction. The story is good, pacing is good, gameplay is great. If Capcom can build on this, then I look forward to Revelations 3 or RE7"
76561197985856403,Recommended,287290,14646197,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bloody Five,"After screwing up badly and potentially trying to deceive customers, Capcom listened to the community and brought back the local co-op feature.In light of this new development, I now recommend the game for the following reasons:-Excellent co-op gameplay.The two characters are complementary and the design is well crafted around this asymetrical realtionship. My only gripe is that Natalia is a bit less interesting to play than Moira.Local co-op works great and is a joy to experience with a friend or your significant other.-Less action and more survivorLess ammo, slower pace, creepier atmosphere, this game finds in my opinion the perfect balance between the slower original titles and the more action oriented ones.If you enjoyed the Evil Within, this is right up your alley.-Excellent raid modeIn my opinion, the best iteration of this acrcade-oriented mode.Lots of replayability and plenty of challenge. A blast to play in co-op.-Interesting story.It's too early to judge but it shows some promise and I find myself looking forward to the next instalment.I did not experience any technical issue with my mid-tier gaming rig and have nothing against the episodic structure so I can only recommend this game."
,Recommended,287290,14658346,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pepperoni PlayBoy,"after some of the recent patches, Claires butt is starting to look ok now..."
76561198017259921,Recommended,287290,14649416,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TastefulGoth,cant wait for the ofline co-op to come out :D love the game
,Recommended,287290,15991371,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Syndra Zyrick,"A return to Horror elements, and a step in the right direction for Resident Evil, there is fun and scares to be had in this game!  Recommended for fans of the Resident Evil series!"
,Recommended,287290,15992487,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,arururu,"So I have played the first Revelations and thoroughly enjoyed it both on the 3DS and PC, so I went into this game with high expectations. Fortunately, Revelations 2 has met and exceeded my expectations.The atmosphere of the game is much darker and tense than the first Revelations and dare I say, much harder. After comparing both games on Normal difficulty, I can say for certain that Revelations 2 is harder. Items are scarce, and the amount of enemies the game throws at you doesn't make it any easier. The level designs are great too; there's an abundant amount of creepy areas. Every corner I turned I expected something to pop out at me. For what it's worth, it's much scarier than the first game. Here's the thing: the first Revelations had a spooky vibe to it in the first half of the game which turned into full on action at the end. Revelations 2 had a spooky vibe the WHOLE game. Like, spooky scary skeletons, which sent shivers down my spine. I'd just like to say that I'm not good with scary games, and even though I KNEW that there was something coming, I still jumped anyways.The story mode takes about 7-8 hours (or longer) depending on how good you are, or how much exploring you do. There are 4 episodes and each take about 1 or 2 hours to complete. I'm not going to say much about the story other than there was still some confusing as hell parts, especially at the end. (Those who finished the story can agree). God damn plot holes. There are also 2 extra episodes (currently, unless they plan to add more) but I can't say much about them as I haven't played them yet.Raid mode, the main part of this game's replay value, is even better in this game. Daily missions and on-going event missions make it even better to keep coming back and playing. (Although the main point of the daily missions is to get life crystals which is basically the ""free"" way of getting past Crapcom's micro transaction scheme). Basically, you use crystals to revive yourself if you die during a raid mission. General changes to the system are that you can level up characters individually, rather than having one level across all characters like in the first game. Weapons can no longer freely change parts and you have to destroy parts to make room or destroy the weapon to get back your parts, so choose wisely. Weapons and parts must be evaluated before use, which uses money. New changes to Raid mode is skills. When you level up you get skill points which you can use to buy skills and level it up. How many weapons you can carry is also locked behind levels too. This lets you be more versatile with your play style. There are also new weapons such as SMGs and more rifles.However, with all these pros, there are also cons. Cons that can make or break your decision on buying this game.If you're looking for a beautiful game, stop, because you're not getting it here. Graphics are sub-par and is only slightly better than the first game.There is a noise filter over the game, which cannot be disabled AT ALL. It can't even be lessened or increased. If you can't stand noise filters at all, you might want to avoid this.Technical issues such as FPS drops and crashes. I haven't had crashes yet but I have been getting some annoying FPS drops. Some water segments severely drops my FPS from 60+ to sub 30 and even lower. Some enemies dropped my FPS too, when they attacked. Outside of those, the game ran fine. There have been patches but they don't really help. xDOverall, it's a solid game. It's worlds better than the first and I will be replaying the story mode multiple times to unlock the achievements. (As well as finding everything I missed). Raid mode is the main reason why I'll probably spend another 200 hours on. The technical problems may be annoying but if you're willing to chug through it, it's definitely worth the trouble.Also, god damn it Capcom, why wasn't this on the 3DS as well?"
76561198189332019,Recommended,287290,15992878,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Robin,good game
,Recommended,287290,15997474,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Okean/Jack,I've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on myself.
,Recommended,287290,16029618,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Illcannabill,"One of the better Res Evil games released, More than worth your time and money"
,Recommended,287290,16034796,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,AL Fajr-i,"nice graphic which runs in a low spec, like a GTA V PC"
,Recommended,287290,15938684,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Umbra Enigma,RAID MODE IS GLORIOUS
,Not Recommended,287290,15912466,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bluecakes,"Pros- Cool game, fun to playCons- Can't play the campaign with a friend because reasons"
,Recommended,287290,16009869,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ezion,"revelations 2 made the first one looked like a joke, this one is so awesome, and far creepier than the first oneand the best thing:Claire sandwich11/10"
76561198167724236,Recommended,287290,16010809,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kasumi,its so fun sitting in own room playing this game with headset on and lights off.
,Recommended,287290,15984811,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Vinicius Matos,"I've played only the first episode, now I'm looking forward to buy the whole game"
76561197983885546,Recommended,287290,15988879,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Epica,"A return to form , more scary then action.A little lacking in optimization , but playable.By far the best Resident evil game in years."
,Recommended,287290,15978611,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shibato,"TL;DR on the top:8/10 game wise, wait for a sale on the DLC7/10 for performance, due to how long it took to get the performance to good standardsGAME REVIEW:Rev2 does a good job trying to balance the horror with action, like Rev1 (50% horror/action) and not like RE5 (85% action 15% ""horror""). Very atmospheric and without spoiling anything, the story should keep you hooked in. The DLCs (The Struggle and Little Miss) are short and sweet, taking a ""new"" angle at how the game is played.PERFORMANCE REVIEW:As you may have heard, this game had an textbook awful release in terms of performance. I will speak for myself and say playing at 20 FPS was a good day. Granted I don't have MLG pro gear, but I'm not that underteched nor was I the only one receiving the these problems. And do not get me started on the not included online raid mode. THAT was then and as of patch 4.10 the game runs as smooth as butter. Playing at 60+ FPS with textures at highest is now a possibility for those that live the laptop life like me. Sometimes it gets alittle jank here and there but that's mainly from the aforementioned laptop setup. Online is pretty good even better with theResidentevil.netevents that happen."
,Recommended,287290,16489422,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,sloumsun,i like that u can move with ease
76561198052258827,Recommended,287290,14658221,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SublimeEddy,"Bought this hoping for some offline coop with a buddy. Apparently doesn't exist for the pc version. #whatisthis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tWant to like it, but framerate has bizarre fluctuation even on the lowest settings.Not worth a purchase until the game is actually finished (Not just content).EDIT - Game works now. B."
,Recommended,287290,16498324,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RobHiro,MOIRA EFING BURTON! 10/10
,Recommended,287290,16499783,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Prop. Joe,Played it with a friend it seems pretty short but then wegot to the raid mod that was Super Ultra fun so for it's price it's totaly worth it
76561198254331619,Recommended,287290,30302722,Posted: 3 March,all,DisasterMaster [PT],"+ Good story, good gameplay- Terrible graphics, Moira's over-swearing, not having a sequel"
,Recommended,287290,18940628,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gert uit Friesland,"If you are looking for an amazing story mixed with some nice emotions and great gunplay, then this is the game for you, LOVED every part of it"
76561198173440051,Recommended,287290,15266957,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,jcmedtrans,"This Game is cheating me. If I can blow up the wooden gait I can get To finish the game. I hate this Game,"
76561198169906759,Recommended,287290,18319538,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ty10sk,Fantastic co-op game.
76561198039476851,Recommended,287290,18300865,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,...
76561197974748557,Recommended,287290,18479852,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,jononarf,"Resident Evil and Silent Hill had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child in episodic format.If you come to this right after the first Revelations, you're going to hate the controls. Seriously, aiming and shooting with the bumpers on PC!? What was wrong with keeping the control scheme like the first Revelations? Other than that and the buddy system, Biohazard Revelations is worth it for long time fans."
,Recommended,287290,18276954,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Crizzz csgowitch.com,"The game its so so,its not a gta 5 )"
,Recommended,287290,18460323,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kaoru (Nehdo),It's a great game! Makes me scared like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Patch it US version and i'll be good. Seeing JP on the 1st 10secs is really not i wanted. Can't read it lol.
,Recommended,287290,18551336,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Holly Hazard,"This is How it should be doneThis game is what Resident Evil should be these days.  Excellent story, great pacing, ammo and item managment and that feeling of tension.  I hope Capcom learned a thing or two from this compared to Resident Evil 6.  For a budget Resident Evil game. this one nailed it.  Being a Budget title, sure the graphics arent top notch but I found them clean and very well done, voice acting is spot one and I loved every moment of this game compared to the multi million dollar R.E 6.  It was great to play as Claire who we havent played as since R.E 2 and seen since R.E Degeneration as well as Berry to whom we havent seen since R.E 1.  Gameplay mechanics are very tight and responsive, the enviroments give a great feeling to this game.  What I also enjoyed about the R.E is that they don't just throw you tons of ammo and healing items and until you manage to get better add-ons for you weapons and learn the enemy patterens you really conserve what you got.  The game itself is long and rewarding and I very much loved the story here as branch out from Revelations 1.  If you haven't played this game yet and are thinking about buying it, do it.  You won't be disspointed."
,Recommended,287290,18579059,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Joe,"Love this game! Great story and great gameplay. Raid mode is hecka sweet too! However this game blew up my laptops Graphics Card. So yeah, I definitly recommend just have a spare graphics card..."
,Recommended,287290,18709852,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Zviadi,it's very good game i am big fan of Resident Evils :)
,Recommended,287290,15111724,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,V4lle95,It a good game8.5/10Ps the raid mode is the best thing in the game
,Recommended,287290,14852691,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PlatformerKid,"Well, now that the game is playable (still not completely out of issues though), I can change my review and recommend it to anyone who likes RE4, 5 or Revelations. It's a great game with tons of content for the price. A step in the right direction for the series."
76561198152156934,Recommended,287290,15113948,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,지현Yang,"it will be rewarded as game of the year soon i suppose...thanks to capcom for producing a series like this as to remind me back of my school days where i play RE2-RE4 and scared the sh-it out of my PANTS...the review as follows...PROs1. the good keyboard controls...if u are a general FPS player, u would like this controls..(ETC space for evasion)2. the claire/moria campaign scares are best...so far leon and claire series scares are good but other char dont have it..3. ammo/herb management is back...makes u wonder whether to pull out a shotgun or not...4. hidden drawings and emblem hunts is back...this time is much better and harder to find...5. when there is a plot, there is a twist...i wont spoilt this further....go find out yourself ^^6. Raid mode is better now...compare to Revelations 1,,,and i cant wait for 1st of april where raid mode co-op is live7. some of the new monsters in the game is good invention...it really makes u panic for sure...(ETC...exploded body)8. so far the AI is still ok after the patch...CONs1. problematic AI when it will only reacts after u stop switching it for 1-2 mins or so...during fights it get hit for sure...2. capcom make claire as main char where u GG when claire exhausted but moria wont...3. the grenade..AKA exploding bottle...is a glitcher item where i throw pass the fence...4. the episode 3 ending part where boss fight...whenever i wielding my aiming towards the boss it lags..."
76561198062632557,Recommended,287290,14645065,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. ปลาช่อน,"PC' port is terribleFRAMERATES DROP AND JUMP EVERY SINGLE SCENE*Editthey've fixed it, so I now thumbs up"
76561198026977205,Recommended,287290,15131525,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DonFelipe,"I LOVE IT!The beginning of the game was a bit boring, but then I got sucked into the brilliant atmosphere and I really enjoyed Barry´s, Natalia´s, Claire´s and Moira´s struggle for survival. (Although I have to say, that I liked the Cthulhu-HP-Lovecraft-T-Abyss-Virus-Ship-Setting of Revelations 1 a bit more than the Saw-Communist-with-crazy-mutants-island of Part 2).The story and the cutscenes are motivating and thrilling and so is the gameplay, although it could have been a bit more creepier. There are too few jumpscares (but the jumpscares which exist are pretty effective. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ :D )And the best of the game: There is a ♥♥♥♥ing MANSION!!!!! A MANSION LIKE THE BELOVED AND INFAMOUS SPENCER MANSION of part 1. AWESOME!!!Once you have completed the game, watch the whole credits: There is a foreshadowing for Resident Evil Revelations 3."
76561198094320582,Recommended,287290,15131810,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zaraz,"Great game lots of action and the guns and upgrades are Fab, I recommend the game to all over 18s"
,Recommended,287290,15133565,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ShadowRav,"Was really looking forward to this game ever since they mention it and with Claire being in it as well since the last time we see her in game is actually RECV in storyline and exluding Degeneration.PROS:- The horror atmosphere is back unlike previous games.- More than enough ammo & herbs to last throughout the whole campaign modes (including No Escape mode) if ammo are used wisely and using your partner to help from time to time (for Claire's).- Having making decisions in Claire's chapter to affect Barry's chapter, something fresh and new.- Raid mode from RER2 is definitely better than previous.- Claire and Barry are back.- Killing enemies won't give you any more ammo, giving the horror survival feel back like it supposed to be.- Alex Wesker.- Monsters are definitely more creepy looking.- The prison and most of the places give a creepy vibe.- The secret files and the gallery.- Classic lines from the old games XD- RER2 is story, horror and survival.- Claire can't seem to get away from islands huh?CONS:- Raid mode maps are literally a copy & paste from RE6, least copy it from other games as well if you wanna copy it.- Personally, I feel this is more Barry than Claire rather than equal but I still love the game regardless, what's with Claire's short hair anyway?- Frames do stutter in the beginning in one of the raid map every single time, no problems in other maps and campaign.- Isn't invisible mode supposed to be the toughest?Have been a RE fan since I was very young so I'm really glad that this game is actually focusing on horror and survival like how Resident Evil should have been, no more ammo dropping from dead enemies, you have what you have, go find more to survive. Have been addicted to Raid mode after finishing all 4 modes. Currently still hunting all the rewards left for me XPMost issues have been solved through the patches, Barry can finally move in the last battle xDThis is what I can say for now after 90+ hours of gameplay.Overall, I would give this game a 8/10 cause I was hoping for more Claire than this XP"
,Recommended,287290,15191864,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,80 on my wrist,"its an alright game, cutscenes keep pausing, need a fix now"
,Not Recommended,287290,15192035,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,<ATLAS>DeSoya,"It's tagged co-op, but my buddies and I didn't really manage to have any sort of co-op experience... you can't play the campaign online with a friend, you can't even play the raid mode properly together, just with a random partner. At least we didn't figure out how, which is also a sad story since we explored nearly every corner of the extensive menus. So, if you like clicking through tons of menus, I can definitely recommend this game!BTW: It's a ""no"" review for the coop part of the game. I can't judge the singleplayer missons -- so those could still be nice :)"
,Recommended,287290,15194648,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,xiaOYe,不错的游戏。我一直都很喜欢~唯一不足的就是剧情战役不能联机~
,Recommended,287290,14834429,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CSHack.com,"The game is now running smooth as silkFinally they fixed the poor optimization and now I'm willing to give this game a much better grade.Being a big RE fan who never complain much about the series, I'm sincerely love this game.[+]Great story for RE fansGreat OSTSome spooky moments (c-cough cough the mansion)Nice team work systemFinally Resident Evil with multiple ending[-]Less scary than RE REV1Verdict: After a much long await performance patch, Capcom finally fixed it at their final release.Clair is back, Barry is back and Moira is back (oh wait, what?) so I recommended you should get this game if you're a fan of Resident Evil."
76561197982282221,Recommended,287290,14796612,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,confusedsole86,"Wow after reading the reviews most people made it seem like it lagged for only a min or two and then cleared up, not the case lages constantly non stop on lowest of settings at 1080P running I7 4710HQ and a GTX 970M. Looks to be amazing once fixed but until then dont bother.EDIT: After update 2.1 it is playable finally, t was total BS that it was broken to begin with but for themost part has been fixed. Still seems to plag a little does not seem to make much differance what settings you use, or what resolution it is set at least in my case. Great game though."
,Recommended,287290,14643684,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"#Update 20-03-2015 2:23amPatch 2.1 is released and currently testing the beta patch for RAID mode, the game is playable finally, ful review to be expected after beating the game and playing some RAID mode.RAID mode launch = crashCampaign has choppy framerates and jumps everywhere, as low as 10 then back to 60 fps, then again.It is unstable it's initial release and patches are required to address multiple issues.Played on HP OMEN Notebook - 15-5004tx, with current specs:CPU: Intel® Core™ i7-4710HQ (2.5 GHz, up to 3.5 GHz, 6 MB cache, 4 cores)OS: Windows 8.1 64bitChipset: Intel HM87 ExpressMemory:	16 GB DDR3L SDRAM (onboard)Storage:	512 GB SSDGraphics:	NVIDIA GeForce GTX 860M (4 GB GDDR5 dedicated)http://youtu.be/IIfGpXtof6M#Update 01:Patch 1.01-- Campaign stuttering has been reduced but still noticable.-- RAID mode is still crashingGame performance as of 3-3-2015, patch 1.0.1http://youtu.be/IZNtW5o87UU"
,Recommended,287290,14847767,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ikazuchi,The game just have an updated and now the FPS issues is no more.With the new story and the good raid mode it's sure a good game to have fun with.I recommend this game :)
76561198074589722,Recommended,287290,15252083,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Rodillas Flectadas,"This game would easily overshadow those ""big"" RE releases like Re5 or RE6, I would put this game up right next to RE4 or even above.Capcom had a bad start with this game but look at it now! is getting perfectly optimized, amazing job.If you enjoyed resident evil 4 more than 5 and 6, if you miss old resident evil, if you want to be immersed in a fantastic world with a fantastic plot, simply buy it and play it.TL; DR : A must have for old RE fans"
76561198167723984,Recommended,287290,15270745,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Kio,"kids, this is why u dont do drugs"
,Recommended,287290,15223402,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Captain Kawaeho ﻐ,"In this exciting sequel to the first Revelations game of the Biohazard franchise, we take an in depth look into sluices and their goings ons. Featured are: the operation of sluices, guided tours of an actual sluice, some footage of sluices shifting in operation and an exhilerating simulation of flowing down a sluice. However simple this may seem at first, even to the point that children are easily capable of doing, it is highly advised to avoid operating sluices in an actual situation without the proper knowledge and training."
76561198048550423,Recommended,287290,14652368,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JBelmont,"UPDATE:Now that this game is playable with splitscreen, and after playing through the main campaign,  extra episodes, and quite a bit of raid mode, I can say that this game is worth a buy. I still do not appreciate all of the mistakes Capcom made near the game's launch, which should not have happened in the first place, but I do appreciate how fast they responded after their customers called them out.STORY:The campaign is overall pretty decent and has a genuinely creepy setting and atmosphere. A secluded island is a good follow-up to the Queen Zenobia from RE: Revelations 1, and it makes for tense moments. The story, while not the most compelling in the world, is interesting enough to keep you hooked through the entire game. It also hearkens back to plot points from previous games: obviously Revelations 1, but also RE1 and RE5. The playable characters are well developed, but the most of the rest of the cast is pretty generic. Most of the monster designs, barring a few cool bosses, are also pretty generic (one is pretty much pyramid head from Silent Hill). But despite all of the generic stuff, the game is still a fun and creepy adventure.It is also important to know that the plot/location is more focused than Revelations 1. It takes place solely on the island, rather than being split up between multiple locations.GAMEPLAY:I'll start off by saying I played through the entire game using splitscreen multiplayer with a friend. The co-op in this game is a lot better than in previous RE titles. It shines especially during Claire's campaign, as using Moira's flashlight along with Claire's fighting ability can help save ammo or your life. The co-op aspect in Barry's campaign was not bad, but also not quite as balanced as Claire's. Instead of both players being able to defend themselves (Claire=guns, Moira=flashlight/crowbar), Natalia is left with nothing overly useful, and is left to pointing out enemies and their weak points and running around while Barry cgets to do all of the zombie killing. Some of the earlier stages (the forest) were built very well around Natalia's mechanics, but some of the later stages like the hospital and the mines left us wishing that Natalia could do something more useful than throw bricks.Also, Glasps are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Sure, they give Natalia's sense more use, but any monster that can kill you automatically in one hit leads to stress and annoyance rather than tension and fear. (I'm looking at you, hospital basement....)The controls are a mixture of the ones from RE6 and Revelations 1, and it works very well; it lets the player move at their own pace, whether that means taking it slow or dashing through like a madman. Luckily, there isn't any RE6 kung-fu garbage; the melee system is straight from Revelations 1.The inventory/crafting/upgrade system is also simple, yet good. I like it.RAID MODE:Raid mode was one of my favorite pieces from the first Revelations, separating the game into stage missions and making the game more ""arcade-y"". The enemies had life bars and you could level up your weapons while unlocking different characters to play as. It was pretty sweet, especially the last level that encompassed the entire ghost ship, filled with branching pathways and hoards of enemies.Revelations 2's Raid mode is also very fun, but also a little bit disappointing. It gives a larger cast of characters to unlock and play as, not only from Revelations 2, but from previous RE games. Each character also has a set of skills that you can level up, which makes each character feel different. You can also upgrade your weapons in a similar way to the first Revelations. The way this mode handles the characters/upgrades is fantastic.The stages on the other hand, are the disappointing part. One point that I was very excited about prior to this game's launch was the variety of stages in Raid mode; there would not be just stages from Revelations 2, but from previous RE games as well. Would we get some cool maps, like the castle or village from RE4? The ghost ship from Revelations 1? The mansion from RE1? Raccoon City? Some other stuff from RE5? I was pretty bummed to find out (through experience) that around 75% of the stages are from RE6, 23% or so are from Revelations 2, and maybe 3 or 4 of the 52 stages are from the first Revelations. Some more variety would have been nice, or even more stages from Revelations 2. To top it all off, there is no stage that captured the same fun and majesty of the ghost ship stage from Revelations 1. They missed an opportunity to have a stage that encompassed the entire island, and it makes me shake my head.Despite the over-representation of RE6, raid mode is still fun to play and I would recommend it.EXTRA EPISODES:This game features two extra episodes, The Struggle and Little Miss.The Struggle is a fun, short, and brutal chapter that details events that happen between the two campaigns.Little Miss is a stupid forced stealth mission that insta-kills you if you get seen. Not fun.That is all.TL;DR:This game is pretty good, and I would recommend it if you like horror games/Resident Evil games, especially for the price. The only part that I absolutely hated was the extra chapter, titled ""Little Miss"". The rest was fun."
76561198120698044,Recommended,287290,15398739,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,BigGreyKitsune,LOVE THIS GAME !!! still a  bit actionie but more scary loving it so far
,Recommended,287290,15399562,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Zeref,"Very good game. I got it the day it came out, and finished each episode the day after it's release. Good game play, great story. Raid mode is fun, and the extra episodes to fill in the story are great. I recommend this game to any fan of the Resident Evil series."
76561198126967700,Recommended,287290,19687974,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JeffreyTheCrow,"Definitely like it.  Just got off of 400+ hours of Revelations 1.  Raid Mode is quite different, but in a good way."
76561198027952112,Recommended,287290,22230750,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,joobiem,"Incredibly stoked to play a RE title again after so long...""Episode 2 is available for purchase.""Haha, but seriously.  Oh, you're serious.  I hate you Capcom."
76561198038677251,Recommended,287290,22200968,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NaZQ8,"+good story+horror element+great characters (barry,claire)+strong opening+good puzzles+raid mode+good coop-dated graphics-no vairty in monsters-the extra episodes are boring8/10 .. its a really good re game.. i even enjoyed it better than re6"
76561198141959401,Not Recommended,287290,21974287,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,rickmanjohn,well i like the game for what i can play of it but since all of the gauntlets doesn't unlock and some gauntlets don't load into the game  there isn't any sense in aquiring the game since you can't play the whole thing . so therefore i wouldn't recomend this game to anyone because it would be a waste of money!!!
76561198172142879,Recommended,287290,22105380,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SSGT Josh O. Willway,dont play if you have intel baytrail but my new pc (hd 2500) should run it
76561197997337314,Recommended,287290,30748034,Posted: 26 March,all,ydobemos,"For the current price (0.77€) this is a no brainer, even if it is just a single episode to get you hooked for the rest. There are two (pretty tense) story segments with different characters that will take you a couple of hours to do the first time, then there's Raid mode, which is just some good old fashioned zombie slaughtering fun. Plus you unlock stuff, there are hidden things, etc. so some replay value is bundled in as well.Online seems dead, but what can you expect 2 years after release..."
76561198115453355,Recommended,287290,22266926,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Quickslash87,Aivan loistava!
,Recommended,287290,14858382,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nanu,"Don't know why people get fps issues and a lot of problems, the game runs pretty good on my pc, even tho is high - medium gama. Waiting for the EP4!!"
76561197995145777,Recommended,287290,22094871,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DKH,"While the story is a little weak, gameplay is exceptional."
,Not Recommended,287290,22094893,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dustybrown,Local co-op only? Really?Rubbish.
76561198149072816,Recommended,287290,22091243,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fives,love it better then RE6 wish re6 was like this
76561198334902488,Recommended,287290,30734640,Posted: 25 March,all,M4Z3_,Uhh where do I buy the other episodes?
,Recommended,287290,22040616,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sausage Parade,"Immediately more resident evil then RER1, this is a winner"
,Recommended,287290,22033471,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cwan,Suprised how good this resident evil is! It's like they made it after they made 4
,Recommended,287290,22148095,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,David5750,"Bought Episode 1, and will likely buy the rest of the episodes (Rather like this concept, as it allows you to purchase the game over time).I've only played a few Resident Evil games, but I really like the survival/arcade mode in this Res Evil. Buying new guns, upgrading them, special zombies, different levels to complete at different difficulties.The main story is very scary/ thrilling too (gotta play it at midnight with all the lights off!).May be highly addictive!!"
,Recommended,287290,22065934,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,asesh,"I found Resident Evil Revelations 1 really boring but however I really like this game. It scares the crap out of me. Never thought I would like horror genres again after loving RE 4, 5 and 6 but it's awesome."
,Not Recommended,287290,22075067,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Heihei,"Worst game on Steam. No wonder it costs 6€ and on sale it gets to €1.Bought it on sale for the co-op. Guess what?1. Console port.2. Local co-op. Controller only it seems.tl;rd: if you want to buy it for co-op, don't."
76561198040804992,Not Recommended,287290,22075476,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Noraver,"Purchased this (because it says co-op) to play with a friend.No real online co-op, only local and two controllers are necessary.Thank God I only spent 1.00 on this.  Never purchasing a bad excuse for a RE game again."
,Recommended,287290,22076043,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Reyes,"it's pretty,but good."
,Recommended,287290,22002745,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,The Notorious V.A.G.,"capcom is on the edge and that was their chance of getting saved and honestly did a great job of getting back that horror feel + kept the coop. the shooting is as good as the old the revelations the melee was greats best controls and gameplay of all resident evil games. the action of the game was perfect, this is the greatest amount action we want capcom, the story wasnt wow,  good to see capcom doing something good again."
,Recommended,287290,15335349,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nitrocide,As an all time fan of the RE series I'm always looking for more story to go through and after being greatly disappointed in the combat portrayed in RE REV (the one before this) I was slightly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at capcom but then going through this game makes me feel a bit better considering they made the combat a bit better and comparable to that of Biohazard (best RE game I played so far)!I'd say go for it if you're an RE fan but if you're new to the series consider the earlier titles first or you'd find yourself in some unexplainable crap.
76561198141351523,Recommended,287290,14985801,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jin,"Pretty Good Game For A Resident Evil Game. I Didn't Even Finish RE6 Cause It Was Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... I Did Finish RE5 Though And Love It,The Horror In 5 Was Kinda Good In My Opinion With Good Puzzles :)Compare To RE6 This Game Really Improves Alot And Kinda Went Back To The Horror Genre Abit I Guess It's Kinda Forced Itself To Scare The♥♥♥♥♥♥Out Of You With Many *JUMPSCARES* And Some Creepy Stuff. It's Overall Did Pretty Well For A Average Person.I Am Kinda Hard To Get Scared Sooo yaa....Having To Switch Between The 2 Characters To Accomplished Some Stuff , It's Actually Worth The Time Since They Do Reward You. Since Ammo Is Pretty Low Starting Of The Episodes Till Boss Fights. *But It Does Feels Like A Drag Sometimes Constantly Switching*The Frame Rate Issue Is Abit Of A Problem Sometime...*You Died In The Middle Of A Time Challenge And Spawned Inbetween The Mission,Everywhere Has Fire And Then The Frame Rate Is Like Below 20 Frames Per Second And You Just Lost Your Way Cause It Was So Hard To Look Around Barely Even Possible To Turn Around.Plus Characters Development In The End Of The Game Pretty Sweet xD *LOVE IT*Overall Good Game Would Recommend Anyone To Get This Game For It's Worthy Price :)"
,Recommended,287290,15027817,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,wheto666,COOL
,Recommended,287290,15028292,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,slackjawmonkey,This game has a lot to live up to. Even with the abysmal last few games I still had high hopes for this game and for the most part it lived up to. I can confidently say that even with the technical issues this game is the best Resident Evil since Resident Evil 4.The only three problems that really got to me while playing this game are 1) The frame rate drops make the game unplayable at points but this is a prblem that will be fixed soon through a patch most likeley. 2) Their are points in the game where i am so frustrated by the AI at points. 3) if you are standing over an item and you are trying to shoot don't bother because you'll just pick up the item instead of shooting and if it's a weapon you'll just keep switching the weapon till you step out of range but by the time you will probably have taken a lot of damage.In myopinion there are a lot of good things about this game. 1) The story is pretty damn good. 2) The price is great. 3) Gameplay is pretty solid with only the pickup item problem mentioned before. 4) the graphics are amazing 5) Lots to unlock giving it some decent replay value.Overall I enjoyed this game a crazy amount and would recommend it to any one who liked the last few resident evil games or hated them because i think it combines the elements of both old and new resident evil games pretty well.
,Recommended,287290,15028520,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Floki,when are they going to add the ♥♥♥♥ing online co-op and local already???
76561198169991591,Recommended,287290,15034056,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ClinkClankBoy,Good but one isuee you have to bhy the other epsodes wcih just anoys me a bit other then that raid mode is op and the game just is awesome i like this beter then 5 wich was the obly resi game i played at the time i did play the re remake but i dont like the old games
,Recommended,287290,19501071,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Winkbell,"when i was play Raid mode, it's so fun more than story mode. maybe with friend is so fun."
76561198111265516,Not Recommended,287290,19486256,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,кιттεη мcғℓυғғү,"I figured it'd be a practical steal for only $5.99 for the full game, but that's not the biggest issue. Even though the game requires practically zero high-end performance to run fluently, I too often encounter rapid stuttering and performance issues, no matter that my graphics settings are set to.The playability in this game is next to none solely because of the drastically and unexpected low drops in FPS and eventual screen locks/freezing. I have tried numerous tweaks to the in-game settings and still no luck on repairing the intense performance issues coming from this game only. Even at the low price of just under $6, I felt like this was a steal from my bank account."
,Recommended,287290,19668301,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,"Nobody noticed the really cool video game narrative that happened in episodes 3 and 4, because they were busy conjuring up flaws or otherwise nitpicking on thigs that don't really matter because Capcom and wrong set of expectations for today's RE...Regardless, revelaitons 2 is a solid third person horror action game with emphasis on body-horror, but also features some atmospheric levels.RAID mode is arguably my favorite part of the game. Shootan' , grindan' and loot collectan' abounds. Although the variety and number of weapons is disappointing. This is remedied by number of characters and unique skills that you can use in the RAID mode.Also, Claire is best RE girl, and personally, I think it's pretty neat that she looks her age in this game. We don't get many mature female protagonists, so I can appreciate that.Japanese voice track included +1000 otaku bonus points."
76561198069285592,Recommended,287290,19644709,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,NIRAHC,"Best 95 cents ever !!( got it on sale ) I thought for 95 cents what could go wrong?If I like the game I will buy the other parts. If not no harm done 95 cents is 95 cents.So, So far Iam enjoying this game though gets hard to figure out sometimes."
,Recommended,287290,19441601,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DR DOGGO,"Ce jeu est trop facile, mais il distrait c'est le principal, il est en 4 parties donc trop cher pour ce que c'est je trouve"
,Recommended,287290,20906060,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Seth,"Decent Sequel to the Revelations 1, I would rate 7/10. Buy only when on SALE."
76561198018070792,Recommended,287290,20851393,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,abetterplay3r,"Not a bad game the TV eposodic appraoch is interesting and does highlight the drama in the game. I think it's worth 15 bucks easy. It's also a solid B grade game hence the discounted price, wait for a sale and i think you'll have fun with it.ProsCheapSimple controls.Zombiesis scary at times..Resident EvilConsGraphics look a tad dated at timesPoorly optimised.No Coop (apparently, can't confirm\not sure if this has been fixed).Meh (not bad/not great)The storyEpisodic approach"
,Recommended,287290,20888420,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Grimby,"I'm only on episode 2, however I can already say that this is much, much better than RE Revelations 1. Definitely follows suit of RE4 and The Evil Within, although not quite as impressive as those titles so far."
,Recommended,287290,20880043,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Gantulga,"RE6 runs very smooth but this is unplayable so laggy, graphics not that impressive but still requires high video card"
76561198142302676,Recommended,287290,21267189,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Starslash Storm the wolf,Two characters in each gameplay with their own special equipment and skill that's awesome
,Recommended,287290,21146052,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MyFootYourAss,certainly better than RE6. This games actually scary so yes. play it.
76561198140180330,Recommended,287290,16872145,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,성혜진,"Why you should buy it:-much much more collectibles,not just shooting stupid coins,especially they are really hidden-raid mode improved than the previous sequel[many skills and unique base placement for each char,and each char has its own level]-just like re6,the battle is much more dynamic[you can evade anytime and time still runs even when opening inventory]-you gotta be smart to find each encountered enemies' weak spot,not just trigger happy everything-not just shooting,there's some horror,well-made puzzle,and other documents worth read as wellWeakness:-Unlike re6,almost all characters' attacks only either roundhouse or impale[only some character has its own signature move]"
76561197991279501,Recommended,287290,21468399,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ghost Judicator,"Being a diehard resident evil fan,I have a bias and haven't disliked a single title,Hell I still play racoon city and plan on buying it for pc shortly. This game needs to be played,the biggest draw is the raid mode,better then mercenaries because you don't have to rush around fearing the almighty clock. Campaign is rather enjoyable as well,my daughter and I had some tense moments as she franticly yelled ""Dad shoot that big guy,I'll hit him with the crowbar"" The tactical feel of it is great as well, the first moments we fired up raid mode it became apparent this was gonna be up their with my all time RE favorites ""1-3"" It even feels like I am playing one of the older ones with a better camera angle."
,Recommended,287290,21415739,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,-black hearts- ^^,i love it.
76561198059835494,Not Recommended,287290,21684661,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,FeralJumper,"Both this and the first have an inexcusable startup problem with a black creen and until then , it gets no solice from me."
,Not Recommended,287290,21794593,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Münchausen by Proxy,"-Barry's back-The Sandwich meme is back-tight gameplay-not a terrible story-somewhat scary-gets unscary really fast-fun gameplay-more actiony than REvelations 1.-Huge difficulty spikes that make segments unenjoyable-Raid mode isn't nearly as fun for some reasonIt's also really ♥♥♥♥ing easy to get the bad ending by mistake. Once you get it, the game tells you to go ♥♥♥♥ yourselfCo-Op is local only. Which kinda defeated the reason I wanted the game in the first place.I honestly like this game, but I can't really recommend it for the multiplayer or singleplayerHowever, the raid mode in this game, although not as fun (for some reason), has tons of cute outfits for all the characters. Especially Moira and Claire. A selling point for those who rightfully believe Claire is best girl."
,Recommended,287290,30713066,Posted: 24 March,all,[xTHCx]HandzoShimada,Well it easy to scare me so ill give it a 11/10 most buy at steam sales i got mine for 0.77 cents
,Recommended,287290,21801874,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Damuel,"This is more of a meh, than a thumbs up. TL;DR buy for RAID mode, do not expect much from the campaign.The campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It BEGS for co-op but there is no online co-op for it. The game is just tedious as hell and basically makes you backtrack through the level as the side character so that you can collect ammo. Even if you play near perfectly getting headshots every time and finishing enemies off with melee you'll find yourself short on ammo at times.Raid mode on the other hand, is quite fun. Lots of progression, a decent number of missions, and it has online co-op. I'm very happy with the selection of characters. If you wanted another decent co-op game, this is where you will find it.Otherwise, meh. Graphics are garbage. Options are♥♥♥♥♥♥for PC, and the mouse aiming has some weird acceleration or something to it."
,Not Recommended,287290,21758255,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gødden,"Restart without ammo after you die = restart chapter. It's not scary, it's just ♥♥♥♥ing boring.Wow, this is just bad bad bad. First time I'm going to try refund. Just a complete waste of time.Just discoverd I paid €0,95 for this game or that's what I can get in refund so I'll not even bother asking. zzzzz"
,Recommended,287290,23771375,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ｍｉｃｏ^,Big fan of the RE Game Series. The game shows great goosebumps plus intense background music for additional excitement. It gives me hard time to find some resources but still a challenging game.P.S.: you can still survive with just using a Knife. lmao.
,Recommended,287290,23758145,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JackS FC X KuNaK,for RM3.++ or 1USDthis is such a bargains :Dbuy this :D
76561198310809438,Recommended,287290,23758490,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KatieMurrayo,gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Recommended,287290,23768847,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TrippingLean,GOOD GAME -ING
76561198206330403,Recommended,287290,23767808,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nonestro,Good game
,Recommended,287290,23712213,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SayaKagaTauSiapaSaya,Brick is Love Brick is Live - NataliaRating : 9.5/10
,Recommended,287290,23750300,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tweastr,"Very good game, I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself."
,Recommended,287290,30755301,Posted: 26 March,all,Totaljackass,Die Zombies Die :(X)
76561198065873308,Recommended,287290,23633496,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,I beat this game on PS4 on Split Screen Co Op mode.This game is not mean't to be played alone because it seems heavily built around co op.Switching back and forth is frustrating so having a a friend play makes the game easier.
,Recommended,287290,23697620,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AdDiKT,Got mini-heart attack on first scene total worth 1$10/10
76561198109761645,Recommended,287290,23700160,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,some-kind-of-crazy,good game but buying each episode is quite taxing
,Recommended,287290,23589277,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,CYBP93,"For one dollar?! this is madness lol, started the game, already feel like it's going to be great, I won't buy the bundle, just the rest of the episodes seperately so the full game is basically just 12.50 which is like half off original price."
76561198143304094,Recommended,287290,23589013,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Buraqq8,"Great game with atmosphere,story and oldschool resident evil graphics. This game just like a movie also with good price. U should buy it."
76561198042263029,Recommended,287290,23815942,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SparkyNight,"great game and all, but there is no online co-op in the campaign so dont end up buying it for a friend like i did if thats all your here for, but the could update this so be happy if they do!"
76561198236466258,Recommended,287290,23816007,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Awemore,Awesome.
76561198047192127,Recommended,287290,23816190,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Yasuo miss gank tem 20 gg,Good game
76561198138168295,Recommended,287290,23779133,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,한효주,.
76561198066309226,Recommended,287290,23686185,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Super Saiyan Rose Goku Black,"I enjoyed the first episode, If you think about it for a dollar you get to play the main story and raid mode which is worth a dollar for the first episode.So basically buy this episode when it's on sale"
,Recommended,287290,22214941,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mbah™,""" Go Jump on a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boss!!! ""-Moira Burton"
,Recommended,287290,24052275,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Getcha' Pull,"Great game, much better than the first one. Need to buy all episodes though..."
,Recommended,287290,25583686,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dark Reveller,"Resident Evil Revelations 2, you play through as Clair Redfield and Moira Burton. You also play as Barry Burton, Moira's Father and Natalia. Every episode has a part a and part b. Part A you progress as Clair and Moira. With part B you play as Barry and Natalia.Clair is the agressive player in the pair with Moira being more support focused. Throughout the world you can use moria flashlight and natalia pointing to find hidden objects. They range from herbs, ammo, to BP which can be used to purchase skills to improve your characters.The game features RAID mode, just as the previous resident evil game did. It has been improved with more missions, weapon variety and the gameplay hooks you in pretty quickly. The enenies are always challenging so you never feel like it is a cake walk. If you aren't a fan of the story then just purchasing the first episode for $6 and playing RAID mode is alone a good enough reason to purchase the game and you'll more than get your money's whorth.The story is compelling and you find yourself hooked pretty soon. Clair and Moira are absucted and find themselves in a prison. from there you encounter many obstacles, overpowering enemies will be a big one. The game uses the world around you to your advantage in how you deal with your enemies. Claire and Moira , as well as Barry and Natalia's team work is truly something to behold.The enviroment around you looks amazing objects are crisp and clean, effects are great. This is a game worthy of being in your library. If you are a Biohazard fan or new to the series, definitely give this series a shot."
,Recommended,287290,25572369,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,FLGshadow,"They dropped the ball a little especially with the episodic format, but still one of the better resident evils as of recent years"
,Recommended,287290,25570526,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prozender,"Resident evil's return to form, going back to its survival roots. Could use better presentation though, engine looks pale compared Resi 5. Still a good romp. Buy if youre a Resio fan.7/10"
,Recommended,287290,25405223,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,EskimoWolf,This game might be considered a side game compared to the core entries but it still offers a lot.
76561198157893187,Recommended,287290,25463534,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,cofochips,good
76561198084696870,Recommended,287290,25489329,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Darko,Great game
76561198053268342,Recommended,287290,25489593,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,asmn2003,Best game in the series for the last years.It felt like old resident evil somehow.This game is a must for the fan or anyone wants to enter the world of BIOHAZARD.
,Recommended,287290,25487520,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Howl,"Looks like Capcom finally got the joke. Pity about all their impoverished development and support staff, but hey, there's a cute punk girl in it."
,Not Recommended,287290,25133121,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ú ®,"Frequently stuck game in raid mode while uploading score after finish main mission. Can't exit game, i must end process to exit game."
,Recommended,287290,25430776,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Aome,"Good enough for being part of Resident Evil franchise, but not the best one .Gameplay is okay but not better than Re:revelation 1.Story is predictable but not so boring.Someone complained about episodic DLCs but it doesn't even bother me , just buy the deluxe edition.6.9/10"
76561198160904560,Recommended,287290,25743062,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Venturian_2,I loved it the story is Lovely
,Recommended,287290,25997942,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ace [MY],Almost the same like the revelation 1. some old characters and new one.
,Recommended,287290,30881655,Posted: 1 April,all,ZyphyrX,This RE has gotten all right. The story in this game is quite creepy and I enjoy it very much. The environment is very atmospheric and the customization of the weapons is quite unique. The monster design is quite scary and grotesque. The cons in this game is the graphics and the frame drop. The graphics in this game are certainly not as gorgeous as recent games but it's quite okay. There's huge frame drops while zooming the scope of sniper rifle (from 60fps to 35fps) and it kindna annoys me.
76561197970554803,Recommended,287290,25629686,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"This is what I'd call a ""thinking persons"" resident evil, certainly not a typical run 'n' gun scenario.I'll make A few points rather than a review because I could analyze the hell of of RE, revelations 2.Firstly, graphics are graphics....what can I say. It ran nice and smooth on my rig, which is getting dated, running a 5+ year old AMD fx 4100 with 8gig of ram and a radeon rx270. At 1080, at max settings, never dropped below 60fps and I guess that's to be expected because its not exactly a new game and nor is it revolutionary with what it presents. Still, it's good to know that you can crank up the settings and enjoy the crisp gory detail.Speaking of gore, the setting is eerie, possibly the most ""disturbing"" entry to the series (Until RE7 arrives...), while the fear effect wears off eventually, the sickening gore and images are apparent through the whole game. You get the feeling you're playing a Silent hill game crossed with Dead space in the Biohazard universe.And that's exactly how the game plays. I can see how they encourage replaying the game, you're rewarded with BP, which is basically the games currency to buy upgrades, extras, special unlocks, artwork etc. If you find enough gems and hidden items, accomplish certain things in the game, you're rewarded BP. To me, it's too overwhelming, there are a lot of unlockables and you'd have to invest a lot of time to unlock everything. By the end of the first playthrough, you probably have over half of the special abilities \ passive abilities if you invest all of your BP, enough to make a 2nd playthrough more enjoyable....so you can earn more BP to unlock the extra costumes, artwork.....etc etc. Need I say more? At about the 25 hour mark, it seems like a bit of a grind unless you're a hardcore RE fan. Me....I have a steam backlog like you wouldn't believe and I've got no time for that.All in all, it's an interesting story, worth the investment and even one playthrough, purely for the purpose of the ongoing resident evil canon."
,Recommended,287290,25944653,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DinDarkDevil,I love this game. ^ ^ !
,Recommended,287290,26500671,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Michael1400e,"I love all the resident evil games, and this one is one of my new favorites. I love this game."
,Recommended,287290,28553637,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,S.W.A.T  –farmskins.com,i was happy yesterday because i bought it with less cost，but its awful that i bought is one part of the game
,Recommended,287290,28555691,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LA FLAME,Best direction for RE
,Recommended,287290,28165406,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mubarak,I really liked this game. The story and the way its switches between characters and different timelines is very good. The gameplay is good but nothing special. There are some cool puzzles but they're not hard which it good. Some of the sections are padded for too long.
76561198317912650,Recommended,287290,28635754,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ronfar,The raid mode in Revelations 2 is just bloody top notch.I hope capcom continues with the revelations series... it's my favorite. Need more wesker. ww
,Recommended,287290,28578865,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bobby Big Plays,"Great graphics, and an awesome addition to the resident evil series. As someone who has played a LOT of resident evil in my day and has a love for the classic resident evil feel, this game delivered better than even expected! Would definitely recommend for people who love the series!"
,Recommended,287290,28719821,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[CW] Potassium,itès fun but... short and I realised after that I had to pay even more for the second half of the game disapointing.
,Recommended,287290,22994948,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lorddemolatron,"First time playing this RE game, and well beside sometimes scarying me jumpscares im liking this game"
76561198100587881,Recommended,287290,22972433,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Manfred,very good
,Recommended,287290,22371953,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kevinmeister,"Quite a good game, but the dlc need to be cheaper."
76561198259081541,Recommended,287290,22511594,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Joey,classic survival horror noice
76561197983714699,Recommended,287290,30762708,Posted: 26 March,all,Dual,I really enjoyed this game a lot...only RE 1 and 2 were better...this is my 3rd favories and I've played everything but Chronicles and RE7 at this point.
76561197986416959,Recommended,287290,22556182,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MrH,"It's OK. It feels somewhat like a poor man's The Last of Us. I paid 70p for it so I can't really complain. I won't be rushing to buy the remaining episodes, but if they become cheap enough I'll grab them. Probably a 6.0/10."
,Recommended,287290,22200090,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,S4ge lol of legends,how can i get my money back? :)
76561198242120288,Recommended,287290,22541766,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TransB0tic,NOICE!
76561198176433503,Recommended,287290,22659373,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,zazzmagicmaster,"I got it on sale. SALE SALE SALE !! I wasn't looking for a magor epic nerve twister. I just wanted a little Rez Evil something on my laptop. For the money, it was O.K., and I can flip $5 any old time and get some more episodes, or I can wait for another sale and get a real deal on the expanded episodes. If you're into 2 player local action, you'll probably notice that player 2 functions a bit like a loyal puppy in both episodes. Both girls (I forget their individual names, but, The first girl was the heroin's skinny friend, and the little girl in the next episode was probably an escaped experiment) are good at finding things, and getting a good nip in from the side. Loyal puppy. Funny. I wanted the menu to look and sound a bit more like Code Veronica X, but it was Rez enough.Was it supposed to be that same island? Now I wanna buy some more episodes and find out. DOG GONE IT ! WHERE'S THE SALES??!!??!!"
,Recommended,287290,15199400,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,《『ノートちゃん』》,GG And Raid Mode Is Very Fun. You can coop with friend
76561198142355612,Recommended,287290,22573221,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Samez 00,"Obviously the entire games out now and alot off the bugs have been fixed, so ive decided to re do my reiview, the games not awfully long to be honest and it feels like its a precall to whats to come and considering the price it isnt to bad and i wouldnt mind reccomending it, but i feel its better to buy this on console iff you want to play this online as not many people do on steam, i do prefer the original revelations to this but this is still worth a play :)."
76561198015538840,Recommended,287290,22974234,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sgtCooper,"Although there is no online coop mode for the PC version, I still enjoyed this game. It is a pretty well polished up game since Revelations 1.  I do not care if RE should always be like RE1 or not. Just like Games always get boring since any concepts get also older. I mean, everything gets repetitive in the end. Therefore, we have to get over the old concepts and make something new (but not in the way like Call of Duty is doing). We, of couse, want to cherish our old time playing RE1 for the first time and still want to play a game something like that. But if the new RE would become exactly same as RE1 today, I am sure it would get boring very quickly for you. In this sense, RE Revelations 2 is still on the line of RE1 and has some new elements. I can see that the RE developpers are trying to be innovative by listening to us who used to love RE1, which is always importatnt in delelopping games. So, next time, I hope they listen to us more and make a game allowing us to play online coop."
,Recommended,287290,22643996,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,FucKonami,Resident evil's last 2 game were terrable but they have made a comeback great story the aiming i didnt like and they over did the ammo every corner theirs like 100 bullets i thought i was playing call of duty but everything else was AMAZING!cant wait till next Resident evil!
76561198171791423,Recommended,287290,17745324,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,kingstonjamaica,love the game
76561198028038920,Recommended,287290,24232523,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Yaztip,Liked environments and feeling surrounding them. However playing alone cause lot of struggle with AI.
,Recommended,287290,24228859,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Parthiban7845,Its a very awesome games and it is the best game in resident evil franchise...........
76561198041986494,Recommended,287290,24333517,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sieglufer,I crowbared the whole game.
76561198043779451,Recommended,287290,24198939,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,shadowzero78,Nice AI there...I had fun for 1 hour. Then I got stuck for the remainder on the cog part. Reeeeeeal fuuuuuun.Edit: Raid mode is rad. Really liked it even if it is a bit silly with the elemental power-ups.
,Recommended,287290,14652638,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,LittleMenace,Thought this game would be fun with co op all the sudden the night before they released the game they dropped the co op and multiplayer tag...http://i.imgur.com/lMj5thq.pngEdit: They fixed all the issues and this game is amazing!
76561198052242622,Recommended,287290,24707537,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lobstermadness,"Play it for Raid mode.  You may have to fiddle with your vsync options if you have nvidia.  Before I did that, the frame rate was a buggy unplayable mess."
76561198018229599,Recommended,287290,17909867,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Last Shadow,It is one of my favourite Resident Evil games.This Resident Evil's plot is close enough to the plot from Resident Evil 4 which was the best Resident Evil I think.Action          - 7/10Horror          - 8/10Campain      - 9/10Raid mode   - 8/10
76561198292217071,Recommended,287290,25507211,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,♡☆♡Xxx☆OverLord♡xxX☆,"It's good game, And get the game for 80cents, ♥♥♥♥ yez :D :D :D"
76561198154879268,Recommended,287290,25611940,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Daerieus,"Good follow-up to Revelations 1 and RE 5, and a far better game than RE 6. Great fun new gameplay mechanics, interesting story, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,287290,27132671,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kanna,I wish another revelations would be shown after the new mutation :(
,Recommended,287290,27049179,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kortikulage,Very good & excited. Sometimes I was afraid to play it lonely. Gameplay fell like old Resident Evil but with different style.
,Recommended,287290,27332431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShiroKuro4696,went back to being scary comparied to RE6 (although i still love that game)RE7 should of kept this gmae style imo
,Recommended,287290,27405480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PROUDMOORE,Good game but the first one is better
,Recommended,287290,20215225,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,7enkou,"good story nice gameplay easy to control, no ammo drop from zombie [that's right lol] ..... so worth to play <3"
76561198175099647,Recommended,287290,20522647,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,mcazoo,alot of fun
,Not Recommended,287290,20015614,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zero,Does not work with Windows 10 64 bit and with latest Geforce drivers. Also lacks online-coop.
,Not Recommended,287290,20022732,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JØEY❤,"How to COOP with my friend in Resident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 2 , I don't know how to do that . You can reply me gmail :archanon.joe@gmail.comabout in game ."
,Recommended,287290,20024462,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BOSS,
76561198259454522,Recommended,287290,20123828,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CyoCyo,I NEED EPISODE 2!
,Recommended,287290,20110460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CK,Nice Game but it is too expensive if need to buy those episode one by one.
76561198179144453,Recommended,287290,19941882,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,trooper john 10,Game play was good just double check to make sure you can run it. I couldn't and as a result I can't play it. Resident evil fans will definitely enjoy this game
,Recommended,287290,19942762,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Loki,Noice
76561198059069951,Recommended,287290,19983855,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Icon-Army,"This game take's you back!! If you are a classic Resident Evil fan. What does it take you back to you ask? Ammo is average but not Plentiful,Puzzles (Puzzles that make you think and look around your enviroment),Intense jump scares, and Best of all Claire Redfield(She is my favorite sorry lol)This game story is between RE5 and RE6 it is Episodic 4 main episodes and 2 extra episodes. As of this review I have 17.8 HRS in the game 15 of it actually playing and is what it took to beat 4 episodes.(No I have not done the extra's yet but I hear they add an hour each) This game is decently long and FUN I never felt bored playing it. I still have RAID mode and the extras to do. PLus there is a bunch of unlockables to keep working towards. Im sure I will have 30+ HRS in the game when its said and done. If you are a Resident Evil fan this game is for you!!"
76561198117713343,Not Recommended,287290,19959556,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,"I bought this game for coop, but it's seems this game don't have any online coop. well done Capcom"
,Recommended,287290,19950188,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Voyager,Its  good baby.All the episodic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and micro transactions are kind of not cool though
,Recommended,287290,19969006,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,whatkindagayshit?,i got this for like 25 cents during the sale on christmas. Pretty much but best 25 cents i've ever spent.
,Recommended,287290,23724744,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TOMÍK,"bought for 1E, VERY GOOD DEAL!"
,Recommended,287290,23725603,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,brianthesnail,allways liked the resident evil series ... and Resident Evil Revelations 2 / Biohazard Revelations 2 is no different .. however i wondered why it only cost me 89p .. and thats because you need to buy the other dlc to complete the story .... that said the 2 chapters are well worth the money and great to playon sale this is worth buying but for a fiver its up to the player ... personally i wouldnt
,Recommended,287290,27471237,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GoldBeatX,Nice game  1 of the best horror/story/action games out there
,Recommended,287290,27600207,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EvolveN,"Jogo Otimo Bela Historia E Jogabilidade MAISSSSSS O Jogo Ainda Tem O Plobema De TRAVAS Aqui Fica Travando De Mais Ai Tenho Que Uzar Alt+Tab Para Voltar Ao Normal E Engraçado Que Meu Pc Roda Lizo RE5.RE6.RE Operation Reccon City,Re Revelations 1"
76561197971118703,Recommended,287290,27582256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ScrapedOffRoad(Maddogge),Always have had a love hate relationship with RE games. The awful tank controls.  This game though I really enjoyed and will eventually get the other episodes. It almost has modern controls.
,Recommended,287290,28228896,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,satsun,"I enjoyed this game much more than Revelations 1, Revelations 1 and Resident Evil 6 were both released the same year and feel very similar in that there is tons of action (shooting things) in those games; Rev1 had a habit of throwing hoards of enemies at you at certain points. I'm a fan of the earlier, more subtle Resident Evil games, Revelations 2 seemed more subtle than Revelations 1. There are some battles in Rev2 but the game as a whole feels less action-oriented than the more action-oriented RE games. After the first episode I did set the difficulty to 'casual' so this may have had an effect on what I experienced, but I think I enjoyed the game more that way.I didn't experience any technical difficulties while running this game, it sat at 120 FPS the entire time (played on a GTX 970 then a 1080), I liked the audio, and I enjoyed the story.Minor spoiler: There are different endings based on one action you make in a later episode."
,Recommended,287290,28087334,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HxFahmi,my god this game is the best
76561198029136700,Recommended,287290,28076182,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Devilz Roger,"Wow, Not bad... My first time of all Resident Evil game..... Good game I will buy another Episode"
76561198050536208,Recommended,287290,28054435,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dreamotion,In preperations of RE 7 i recently did a RE marathon and in my opinion this along with rev 1 is really good compared to newer titles like RE 6 wich felt more like a Michael Bay action movie.8/10 The only thing that i hold this game negative for is the way items are being hidden and how you have to find them.
,Recommended,287290,19976097,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Riddle,The Game works fine! and i love it
,Recommended,287290,28525846,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ÃŇŤ ЌĮŇĞ,buy this game now
,Not Recommended,287290,25130803,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,PatDart,"thought i was buying the game, but turned out that i only bought the rights to one chapter of the thing. I'm putting this review down as a warning that you should calaculate the price as if you bought all of the chapters to avoid unexpected drip payments to finish the thing. On the other hand you could buy a chapter just to see if it interests you. I'm going to wait for a sale before i get the rest. I've been liking the game so far but not willing to pay an additional $30 for the rest of the game at this point."
76561198007977062,Recommended,287290,28493779,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Blargle Wargle,I quite enjoyed it.
,Recommended,287290,27850408,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raiden,Rsident Evil is back to its origins with many news... really loved this game!!!
76561198070197029,Recommended,287290,27842362,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jasinauskas,"Good horror game, have nice story and atmosphere."
76561197984305500,Recommended,287290,27893987,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,herurubin,"wow, how did I miss this game? I've only had a chance to play for about an hour and I had a really scary and engaging experience. I think I was turned off to RE after RE5 and RE6.I like how the characters are just regular people, not super powered secret agents or whatever. I got a bit fo a Silent Hill vibe and found myself wondering if this was really happenning or something supernatural or a hallucination.Little touches are great like the facility is old and decrepped, but the difital locks are shiny white and high tech looking. It got me really curious to find out the story of this place. Some of the notes you find are in Russian, were you transported to remote Siberia?Another great little touch is the second character says she's afraid of guns after ""what happened"" and there's a moment when you first♥♥♥♥♥♥the shotgun and it startles her.Pretty great, definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,287290,23637525,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Izzulhu,The story in this game is 10/10. Honestly I can say this game feels like Resident Evil unlike Resident Evil 5. If you want this game but have your doubts go ahead and buy it. You won't regret it.
76561198262282715,Recommended,287290,28490391,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Something...,The gameplay was great and also the raid mod but crashing when turn on the flashlight.Well I guess that common issue for intel Hd graphics user.At least I can still finish my walkthrough.
,Recommended,287290,27002686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roldan,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 might not mean the second coming of Jesus to the RE series, but it is a damn good effort.For a 2015 game, you'll find out that, graphics-wise, it looks much more like Resident Evil Revelations - a game originally released on the 3DS - than one of the bigger, numbered releases. Geometry isn't as complex and texture work is okay at best. That, alongside its episodic structure and lower price tag, shows that it is undoubtedly a budget release. You shouldn't be turned off by that, though, and I'll tell you why.This is a game darker in tone, resembling Resident Evil 4 at times. Unfortunately, their similarities doesn't extend to the gameplay aspect: while not bad, the combat doesn't hold a candle to the fourth numbered entry in the series. Instead, the shine in its core gameplay lies on the coop aspect, with each character having its own advantages or flaws - unlike RE5 or 6, where both characters have the same abilities. So, although the combat itself isn't anything to write home about, the dynamism between both characters during gameplay more than makes up for it. Puzzles are back and, while not very complex, they sometimes involve some kind of backtracking, which reminded me of the earlier titles (in a good way).Presented through 4 episodes in a TV show structure, Revelations 2's narrative is rich, but it's not one that is shoved down your throat. Much like the first games, you'll have to read files scattered through the stages to understand better where you are, or what is the villain's plan. Later cutscenes/dialogues end up being a bit vague because they assume you know stuff from reading the files (so don't skip those!). Once you pay attention not to what it is being shown to you directly, but rather what it's being subtly implied, you realize why its story is interesting and probably one of my favourites in the series. Also, I mustn't forget to give a big shoutout to whoever did the cutscenes, because they are really well directed, especially the ones rendered in CGI. Fantastic camerawork!I could keep going on, but the bottom line is: this is a very good game, constrained only by being a low budget game. It isn't revolutionary or anything, but it doesn't need to be - it does well what it aims to do. As a bonus, you'll also find a compelling story, beautifully done cutscenes and tons of fanservice that will leave a smile in the face of the classic Resident Evil fans."
,Recommended,287290,26963373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,endrionstarscreen,"Resident Evil was a game that helped to bring the Survival Horror genre to the west in a big way. Limited ammunition, zombies and mutants out for our blood, and janky, B-movie dialogue, but the good kind, with just the right amount of cheese. Then, over the years, a lot of sequels, and they began to drift from the formula, becoming a lot more action and less horror. Then came the Revelations series, which was a refreshing return to the standard of cramped spaces, flesh eating undead and ammo scarcity. Revelations 2 manages to take what 1 did, and then improve on it, albeit with some small hiccups.Revelations 2 tells a story from two different timeframes and sets of characters, first visiting a region, then revisiting that same place much later on, with some of the things you do in the first part having repercussions on the second. The downside to this approach, however, is that you end up retreading a lot of ground, leading to severe cases of ""Oh lord, not here again."" Additionally, in each chapter you are given two characters to control, the teamwork between them being a key element. However, only one can fight, the other is relegated to support, finding hidden items or pointing out weakpoints. While you can take direct control of them, this smacks of escort quest at the worst of times, and can get grating.Finally, we have Raid mode. I love Raid mode. In it, you take characters into very short, pregenerated levels of standard zombie killing (If you want your action fix!). Each level is typically short, maybe 15 minutes at max, and adds to it an aspect of rpgs, with leveling up, skill selection and finding and upgrading of a variety of guns. While anyone can finish a raid mode level, true mastery requires you to finish a level without ever healing, killing every enemy, and doing it at the reccommended level, intentionally holding you back to make things harder. I have spent much, much more time in raid mode than in the main game itself at this point, grabbing all the guns and shooting all the zombies I want, but able to go back and scare myself silly as desired. My only complaint in Raid Mode is that a large number of the skills can be difficult to use effectively (I'm looking at you, bottles.).TL, DR?If you like the older style Resident Evil games, you will probably like this, as it melds the old with some newer design sensibilities and older style cheesy plot. As an added bonus, you can always try just one episode and if it doesn't suit you, you can leave it at that and not pay a full game's price."
76561197982482840,Recommended,287290,27009330,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bear Commander,"Been a while since a Resident Evil game gave me a fright! I've missed this feeling... also, Raid Mode is seriously addictive."
76561198032108462,Recommended,287290,26903107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,angelbuffy,Absolutely love this game for Raid Mode alone.  Could spend entire days playing it.  Two thumbs up!  :)
76561198059778836,Recommended,287290,26892841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,→ ★ !kiNnNzuXaT ★ ←,Nice
,Recommended,287290,26360707,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pamela Vess,Yea so I only have just 4 gb of Ram and it still won't run even though it says minimum is 2gb of ram so wtf...... If I can fix this some how can some one tell me?
76561198109858979,Recommended,287290,26364202,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"EARLY REVIEW AFTER 1 HOUR:RER2 finally brings you back to the RE series origins 8.0/10Pros:- Scenography. After 30min in the penal colony you are already inmersed in your nightmare.- Graphically looks way more polished than RER1- Puzzles, survival and co-operation are the soul of the Survival horror experience- Gameplay is not interrumpted after every 5 min as a sub-chapter (RER1)Cons:- I find disturbing that Claire and Barry faces look a bit different from RE1, RE2 and RE Code Veronica. You need to get used- A bit reminiscent of RER1 in the wandering aspect"
76561198126410364,Recommended,287290,26354570,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Psychopath,Great 7/10
,Recommended,287290,26366109,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Akai,"I spent 77 cents, (realizing it was just one episode) and I must say for those 77 cents, this episode was not bad at all. Resident Evil games have been experiencing hard times, but I feel this game brings it back just a bit. You get to play as Barry Burton and Claire Redfield, who are returning characters from the franchise. The games atmosphere matches that of the older Resident Evil games. The only real problems I have are the fact that there is no online Coop for the story mode and controlling two characters is quite a hassle. However, Raid mode brings a cool idea to the game and is quite fun once you're done.""I was almost a Claire sandwhich.""  To be honest the 77 cents was worth it just for that line."
76561198205690225,Recommended,287290,26275834,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,"Beijamin, a Rola",Best Resident Evil since Resi4.
,Recommended,287290,19915768,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fish,"Really enjoyed and highly reccomend, a very solid game in my opinion and there is quite a lot of content packed into the episodes."
76561198013314259,Recommended,287290,26793532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nirvana_sth,6/10somehow fun.- mediocre level design- useless items and weapon parts- meh story- cheesy endingmain campaign took me 13 hours to finish.wait for a sale.
76561197991770441,Recommended,287290,26584324,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Just A Regular Eskimo,Does anyone want to play?
76561198151598425,Not Recommended,287290,18313623,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PcAddict,this is♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY!!!!!!!
76561198089509671,Recommended,287290,26632531,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lobinho17,"Very good game and a RE game after all. Solid Raid mode, a suitable and needed add to make fresh and interesting way to the Mercenaries mode. 9/10 easy for me+Interesting Storyline+Solid storytelling+Old Characters chemistry with New Characters- Cutscenes kinda blurry due to lack attention on the PC port- Local coop troubled to get it"
76561198261826080,Recommended,287290,26647205,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,hbasilakis,"This game is really based on coop, but it does not support it! So the single-player campaign becomes really hard and frustrating. Overall though, this game is interesting and offers a captivating story (until the last episode) with some nice bonus game modes."
76561198027295819,Recommended,287290,26586166,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jcscarlett10,"Its good, but I really miss the re4 linear, single fleshed-out story. Jumping back and forth between campaigns breaks the immersion, but gameplay is awesome. 100% chance of death? NOPE EVADE!"
,Not Recommended,287290,28611058,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,marcoraco17,worst die in the first 15 minutes of the game cause the AI block my way of escape and the constant perfarrmance issues like the revelations 1 was really good and have rooms with a lot of stuff happening but this one nothing is happening and my frames drop like crazy and on top of that the cut scenes are at 1 FPS plays the audio and then it plays the cut scene this game have some really bad problems with performanse and AI
,Recommended,287290,28527246,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CHΞRRY,thought it was gonna be a full game episode but it was fun i guess
,Recommended,287290,28794978,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kord,Cool arcade-horror game. Worth of money. If you want play something like Dead Space but easeir and without extreme tension - go and buy this.
76561198125458826,Recommended,287290,28792564,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sobiul,"Creates fear in the beginning, which later fades into resource management and puzzle solving.If you see it on sale, buy it, all of it."
,Recommended,287290,28806351,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LanSeRocK,"Story is good!If you miss old Re Series, you should play it!"
,Recommended,287290,28795217,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,theblastone,the game is incomplete 10/10
,Recommended,287290,28920930,Posted: 1 January,all,gabezyte,This is an amazing game. can't stop playing it
,Recommended,287290,28757748,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SAY10,"REvelations 2 brings series back to its roots. Definitely a huge plus for the franchise on long run. This is what fans were looking for. Fast paced action horror game. Not too many puzzles though, but still good title to spend several hours trying to beat it on highest difficulty level. Your skills have huge impact on your performance, it's a great plus for survival game. I'd gave it 9, however after seeing rivers of negative reviews due to lack of co-op online in campaign I must pull that up to 10. Controls are good, even with such a large number of action keys. Music and sound are on top level - just put your headphones on and enjoy the horror REvelations 2 has to offer."
,Recommended,287290,28847838,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dracula The Prince Of Darkness,brillant but scary
,Recommended,287290,28914601,Posted: 1 January,all,RAZERKhas,Great game 10/10Keep in mind that you must buy all the episodes to play whole game.
,Recommended,287290,20723975,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DG | Tom Da Bomb [S] [D] .tv,"★ ★ ★ ★ -Ok for RE games i like to rate them as a game of the type of genre, and as a Resident Evil series game, just to start with try to get it on sale because the campaign mode isnt multiplayer, only the raid mode is but theres a lot of content to be played in raid mode so its good if you have a friend to play with.1) So as a 3rd person Action Horror game i personally enjoyed this one, the story line was long enough and it comes with raid mode which is the new alteration of mercinaries, but now with a leveling system it really helps keep you going through the same mission over and over, let alone they use maps from RE6 RE revelations 1 and 2 so the maps feel fresh.The dodge system is back as well as the sprint button so doubled with the guns to grenade selection a lot of things about this Action zombie game feel so fluent. Id have to say that personally i enjoyed playing it as much as i enjoyed the gameplay in RE6, and they really tried to take it back to the dark and scary environment so watch out for thats that pop out at you :O2) Now with all that said id have to say this is again another horrible Resident Evil game, the storys dont match up, they take great leaps with the characters whereabouts, and you can just tell its almost like they dont even try to make the RE story lines make sense anymore. There isnt really any attempt to explain or correlate to the original storys or where the characters left off, they just slapped the old RE char names on the new game and its good to go lol.Like where the F has Barry been since RE1 ? and if he was in the BSAA where the F was he when Chris and Jill went for Wesker at the Spencer estate? and where the F has Claire been since Code : Veronica?. So again the storys are just a huge pile of crap now lol but the game does have great value just as a 3rd person action horror shooter.NOTICE: i would recommend this game for fun but please do be careful, the game sucks up a lot of ram and quite a bit of cpu power so make sure your setup can handle it before you buy, the port for this game isnt the greatest and the optimization job is a bit lacking so the reflections and particle effects can cause some cpu spikes. So as long as your running some good hardware you should be all good."
,Recommended,287290,14673250,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,solipsistastic,"Runs well now, even for low spec PCs. I am a long time fan of the franchise. I like Raid Mode with it's light RPG like elements to it, but it is super grindy. The only unlocks are skins and a couple characters, but they mostly play the same. The weapon mods are good, there is a decent amount of diversity with the weapons. In the episodic story mode, Barry's support character is basically useless, while Claire's support is a bit overpowered. Moira has an insanely overpowered crowbar and she is basically immortal though she can be knoked out. Just use the main character to help her up. You can switch control to the partner character. I really just like this game, but it seems like the community has died out already. Only co-op I did was in Raid-Mode."
76561198116870807,Recommended,287290,28655938,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Binbougami-chan,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!! well,, every Resident Evil games for me are awesome!!!"
,Recommended,287290,28666686,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PeterLee222,"Totally worth it, I mean, if you wanna buy it at $0.77,  its Raid Mode is even worth itFor the Episode 1, the story is attractive, which makes you have to buy the Episode 2 to know what is going to happenIn a word, this game is worth buying."
,Recommended,287290,27928078,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GAN TOGE LOVER,HORROR GAME
76561198064474439,Recommended,287290,27906760,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Foxyrat,The atmosphere is amazing!
,Recommended,287290,26757074,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,☢ _ Krieg™_ ☣,- The story is good BUT you can't co-op with friend in Story missons. (On PC)- You can only co-op with friends in Raid mode. It's quite fun to play
76561197971289550,Recommended,287290,27895094,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mangetout100,"The Resident Evil series for me is a bit hit and miss, but the 2 RE's I have really enjoyed is Code Veronica (except when you went through a door...yawn) and this. Good combat, can be challenging but nothing to stop you, items are helpful but supply isn't endless so you need to be a bit careful. RAID mode good for a few hours as well. Well worth paying for."
,Recommended,287290,28007651,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Kaplan,The best :D But not like old RE Games but still :D
76561198143781252,Recommended,287290,29683050,Posted: 3 February,all,GRIZZLYnator,Good game but I think cuting game on DLCs after one hour of play ruin the game
,Recommended,287290,29803988,Posted: 9 February,all,OldManJason,"so far its Re all the way. Moements of sheer panic and limited ammo, it is all here. Solid co-op via raidmode. Still working on last chapter but if u got the itch this will scratch it for sure. Solid for purchase price all around"
,Recommended,287290,29762474,Posted: 7 February,all,.freeman,5
76561198166563938,Recommended,287290,29746293,Posted: 6 February,all,What is life? / TZB,"A good game overall,despite the pc comunity is dead,still pretty good.Too bad it doesn't has VAC protection and stuff,but eh,who cares? Unless if you're trying to compete for the leaderboards in residentevil.net. 8/10 would recomend it to everyone."
76561198195306550,Recommended,287290,29581263,Posted: 30 January,all,King Blitz Krieg,looks like aa playable game
76561198254101247,Recommended,287290,29641818,Posted: 1 February,all,Conbon2609,First Resident Evil game ive ever played and i loved the first episode. plan on buying the rest sometime.
,Recommended,287290,29516118,Posted: 26 January,all,Biohazard X,"This was just outstending part of Resident Evil history!Thanks to Campcom for this amazing game!Storyboard 10/10, Sound design 10/10, Music 10/10, Characters 10/10, Monsters 10/10Resident Evil is still the best survival horror game out there no matter what!"
,Not Recommended,287290,23988768,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tim Tim,lack of movementsits just annoying that you cant change the sensitivity
76561198105847869,Recommended,287290,29331745,Posted: 17 January,all,Fuehrer,100+ hours in and I didn't even play the game... I just played the Raid Mode. Don't judge me.
,Recommended,287290,31012544,Posted: 8 April,all,MxRommel,"Really good game, worth the buck, nice gameplay and story."
76561198039816259,Recommended,287290,29415072,Posted: 21 January,all,^1voy777,"Love this game,  its style of play, good graphics and atmosphere.If you liked RE 5 and 6 this is similar. And of course RE Revelationss, ifyou liked the first one this is more of the good stuff.Not to fasst paced, not to slow, lots of hidden stuff and if you can aimyou can dispatch enemies quicker with head shots."
,Recommended,287290,29345027,Posted: 18 January,all,Lord Selrahc,"This would be one of the great instances a neutral review would be excellent for. I personally experience many upon many crashes in this game, although I think it may be because my computer happens to be about 6 years old. But still, this is my first resident evil game, and i very much enjoy it. It also seems to not be very recording friendly, either... But besides all that its a great game. I would like to buy another resident evil game in the future, maybe one that doesnt require you to buy the other 75% of the game."
76561198143538417,Recommended,287290,29412917,Posted: 21 January,all,QtPanda,"I'm a big fan of Resident evil games, however when I stumbled on this game with my gf, I didn't expect much.But I can say that this was a positive surprise for me. So far it has been good bang for the money.The co-op is unfortunately only for the Raid mode and it was bit complicated to set up, BUT it's fun!I'd rate it 7/10."
76561198253271696,Recommended,287290,31028496,Posted: 8 April,all,STGGAMING,is kinda creepy for a survival horror game thats more action packed than horror
76561198071937133,Recommended,287290,30799057,Posted: 28 March,all,J o k a r r.,maybe♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287290,29894400,Posted: 13 February,all,GAinSAy,THIS IS NOT A FULL GAME!You might get 2 hours out of it as it is the FIRST EPISODE! THE REST OF THE GAME IS DLC!That being said the game is pretty fun.
76561197983681400,Recommended,287290,14811009,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mwebby,the 1st one is better
,Recommended,287290,16406510,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Mad Doctor,played about 50 hours for part one alone. pretty much worth it.
76561198200351893,Recommended,287290,31119060,Posted: 13 April,all,のびたーくん,I'm like this game
76561198309542440,Recommended,287290,31163751,Posted: 15 April,all,$Yookiz$,This game is sick and perfect for the REAL Resident Evil fans!!!
,Recommended,287290,31224405,Posted: 18 April,all,Visigoth,Definately the best one out of the two Revelations!! I loved the horror feeling to it that Revelations (the first one) doesn't have as much as this one. All the episode are worth playing and I loved the extra two episodes too!!!As a fan of the first games and as a fan that tried to play ALL the RE games despite if they were bad or not... the Revelations series really suprised me. The graphics are amazing and nothing feel clumsy! :)
76561198182473099,Recommended,287290,26642786,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,deathan,"Makes fun!  I play single, so can't judge coop. PLaying on elder equipment (780m)  graphics are top and animations smooth. Only when entering new areas it freezes sometimes, like one second to load. Enough time to take a deep breath! Switching between chars is intuitiv and makes sense, I make a good team :)  Monsters are scary and deliver some tough fights. The pace is quite fast in places, the thrill is amazing!"
,Not Recommended,287290,31691891,Posted: 11 May,all,bonerwizard,"Don't believe the propaganda thats conveniently nestled under your other RE titles.  This game is abysmal.Still don't believe me? Okay, well I hope you're prepared for an exercise in futility because the new AI is on a whole new level when it comes to being incapable.  Incapable of staying behind you, incapable of engaging the enemy, just flat out incapable.  By the way, the entire game you have to hold your partner's hand while executing the most simple task, oh yeah also theres zombies and all that good stuff.Raid mode is solid, wait till its on sale for 2 dollars and buy it for raid mode.  otherwise this game is a steaming pile of dogshi--"
,Recommended,287290,31751641,Posted: 14 May,all,Blex,Awesome gameplay awesome storyline
,Recommended,287290,31830372,Posted: 18 May,all,M2 Exterminator,great game
,Recommended,287290,30935430,Posted: 3 April,all,MorallyBankrupt,Way better than Resident Evil 7!
,Recommended,287290,29330607,Posted: 17 January,all,Synkki,ya boiiiii
,Recommended,287290,31899595,Posted: 22 May,all,+<(| Bee |)8=,I hope we get a Resident Evil Revelations 3 with this same hero + sidekick co-op setup. It works really well. Love it.
,Recommended,287290,31497078,Posted: 1 May,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"It's a very powerful weapon, especially against living things!"
76561198059171343,Recommended,287290,14653729,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Last Zaku,"Not as good as the first one, but it's nice to see Barry again."
,Recommended,287290,31462272,Posted: 30 April,all,✪ Qui1ZAro,Great game
,Recommended,287290,31652913,Posted: 9 May,all,r4l,"Bought this as it was on sale and I had cash to spend. Surprisingly it kinda brings back the memories of the classic RE games incorporated with newer graphics. Never expected it to be good (due to the players' constant bashing of modern RE games except 7) and it proved me wrong. It's more of an RE minigame imo. I didnt finish it yet (will update this review once I finished campaign) It has the split screen coop which is cool. Those who are on a tight budget (along with all classic RE fans) should definitely get this. Overall, this game is very underrated and deserves more attention."
,Recommended,287290,31622378,Posted: 8 May,all,Yung Chookah,"This is a great game overall, the episodes all long and provide so much to do and differ in playstyles, the raid mode is fun and has co op capabilities and is so much fun to goof off with. overall 10/10"
76561198136908959,Recommended,287290,34842326,Posted: 9 September,all,Leonhart,Recommend
,Recommended,287290,33656359,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr. Tree,is  good and help me
,Recommended,287290,33792270,Posted: 25 July,all,MDL,"Love this game, wait for sale to buy the next episode"
76561197996368907,Not Recommended,287290,22119279,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Tec7,"Even worse than the first 'Army of Two' game, AND it has broken mouse controls.I payed 0.75 EUR for this and i still feel ripped off."
76561198116531938,Recommended,287290,33769955,Posted: 24 July,all,ReisenII,one of the Best Resident Evil series...
,Recommended,287290,33813024,Posted: 26 July,all,Villain,just like a Telltale games but more freedomPls gif uz free episodes :(
76561198275246494,Recommended,287290,34383950,Posted: 20 August,all,ℳ𝐸𝒯𝐴,"1 issue with this game,------------------------*Claire's face"
76561198071436890,Recommended,287290,34385494,Posted: 20 August,all,evil bunny,it`s a fun game but the one down side is the co op you have to use two controllers
76561197973295445,Recommended,287290,34184744,Posted: 11 August,all,Clonest,"DOES ANYONE STILL PLAY RAID MODE ONLINE ANYMORE!?!? ADD ME! Seeing as this is the last 3rd person shooter, 2 playeraction adventure Resident Evil game of the genre Capcom will ever make(goodbye sweet game engine re-used since RE4). WHO WANTS TO KNOCK SOME ZOMBIE HEALTH BARS DOWN WITH ME!?!?I remember this being a pretty decent game like the ones before so i'll do them the mercy of leaving a positive review. Despite all that BS capcom pulled at release pretending ""there is NO split-screen 2 player Campaign on PC, it's just not possible"". Only for someone to hackmod it back into the game few weeks after proving the game files were ALREADY THERE. Console sales marketing stragedy much? Then i came to learn conviently enough the DAY AFTER the very popular hackmod news dropped, Capcom released a patch to ""fix the issue"" so now everyone can enjoy all the game has to offer in 2 player splitscreen(or raid mode online) *slow clap*.  I still suggest checking to see if anyone plays online raid mode before going through and purchasing all the episodes though, otherwise it's money wasted it. For the rest of you who wish to still finish th story well, you know where to get games for free. lol"
76561198006726936,Recommended,287290,34261012,Posted: 15 August,all,LoS | Elite Enemy,"After completing each chapter at least 5 times, I've decided this game is fantastic. It's got all the elements of past Resident Evil games and makes you want more. The story is great and the extra episodes is a bonus."
,Recommended,287290,26350421,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Darkening Demise,Raid Mode is fun at first till you realize there's a lack of variety and lack of players to play with. Campaign itself is awful. Bad English dub not the cheesy goodness of RE1 just plain awful like a dubbed hentai. *Pukes*Plot is the typical you got to stop the bad guy from unleashing the virus and dominating the world blah blah blah mad with power blah blah blah.For 77 cents I wasn't expecting anything. And that's what I got nothing. Capcom needs to change their ways. Especially with RE2 REmake coming.
,Recommended,287290,34384850,Posted: 20 August,all,Johnny Truant,Damn no wonder this game is only half a buck i'm hooked and now i want the other rest
,Recommended,287290,34516088,Posted: 26 August,all,Dad Works For Sega,"this is nothing like res evil  7, this is more like the originals and something i havent played since maybe 2011. it feels good."
,Recommended,287290,34540580,Posted: 27 August,all,uncolober,"Actually, this was surprisingly fun. This kind of game normally falls apart on the hardest difficulty, because controls and mechanics in such games just aren't up to par, but RE:R2's first episode was actually challenging and very enjoyable on Survivor difficulty. Playing through Claire's piece on Survivor was an absolute thrill. Barry's part was a bit bland (although Natalia sensing enemies is a cool mechanicin theory), but actually ended up serving as a welcome wind down. I enjoyed it much more than I expected I would. Absolutely worth the chump change this episode cost me on some sale some years ago.Who directed it anyway? Some guy called Yasuhiro Anpo. Never heard of him before, but he's gotta be pretty good."
,Recommended,287290,34564534,Posted: 28 August,all,Rezto,"One of the best resident evil games for sure. Im a longtime fan of the series and have played every game, this one really stands out."
,Recommended,287290,34682945,Posted: 2 September,all,Blood of the Dark Soul,keep calm and play raid mode
,Recommended,287290,16029633,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mama Lancia,"Resident Evil Revelations 2 is a SOLID GAME.Intriguing characters,location  and story line, which is revealed in a dynamic way.Main campaign is plot in a isolated and mysterious Island.Superb soundtrack and sound effects.Very Good Level Design.Responsive controls,fire guns and other weapons feels great to use.(Raid mode) the ARCADE mode of the game is big and addictive.Revelations 2 feels fresh, renovated and modern,but don't loose the the essence of a survivor horror game.Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198041203199,Recommended,287290,34961404,Posted: 14 September,all,miki,"Very fun and good game, in every way improves on Revelations 1. Only flaw is that the co-op in the story is offline-only instead of allowing for online. Raid mode is more fun here, as well, but still isn't the most fun bonus mode in the series."
76561198068180362,Recommended,287290,34965079,Posted: 14 September,all,LoOOoLq8,previously in the walking dead xD lol i like the game it's ok to me
,Recommended,287290,25831919,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Drain,"Drain's playlist of Resident Evil games:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGYTSvZvuRkEDLQcfCpDuYog7MJQMQnuGMuch to my surprise, Revelations 2 turned out to be a decent game. I guess it's hard to expect much after playing that complete trash called Revelations 1. This game is subject to prejustice because of its title. It's a victim of being titled a sequel to a terrible game it has almost nothing to do with, which is not fair to it. It probably would have done much better if it had its own unique name. But in all honestly, Revelations 2 is worth playing, unlike the first game, which I recommend you just skip. You don't need to have played it at all before this one, nor should you."
76561198127564919,Recommended,287290,35077326,Posted: 19 September,all,Ham & Cheese Hot Pocket,"This game is so underated. I can easily rank this as one of the top 5 best resident evil games. The atmosphere, the combat, the enemies, they did this game right. The only thing i disliked about this game was that the episodes are locked behind a paywall, but thats just one problem i have with this game. I highly recommend to any hardcore Resident Evil fans!"
76561198736194466,Recommended,287290,35244142,Posted: 27 September,all,Hero,Good! nice
,Recommended,287290,35251919,Posted: 27 September,all,wiscki,Very effective at time consumption. An excellent multiplayer adaptation to the resident evil series with the raid mode. Endless hours of mutual entertainment.
,Recommended,287290,14689189,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BunnyNN,A.I. is very stupid hahaha
,Recommended,287290,35509826,Posted: 5 October,all,babycakes,"This is some GROTESQUE mutant murder mayhem, so I don’t know what possessed me to purchase this game. Just kidding! I love torturing myself with scary games. That's why I clicked on the Store Page thumbnail in the first place.I first tried out Episoide 1 when it was on sale under $5. After deciding it was interesting enough and scoping out the positive reviws, I purchased the entire episode pack for around $20 on sale.Visuals (art, graphics, character/map design) and sound are both great, as expected from the RE series. They do their job of paralyzing me with dread and occasionally getting me to scream my head off. The maps, although linear, are well designed and hold enough secrets (a.k.a achievement opportunities) in the nooks and crannies.Gameplay is also quite fun due to the dual layer of POV switching. First, each chapter has a Part A, in which you play as Claire and Moira, and Part B, in which you are Barry and Natalia. This introduces an interesting factor for storyline progression: The player must piece together parts of the story and how the main character’s actions relate to one another. Furthermore, it is interactive in the sense that what you do in Part A might affect exploration opportunities in Part B, and vice versa.The other function of POV switching is to give the player access to the wider variety of weapons that each character specializes in. This suits different play style preferences (stealth, melee, ranged, and environmental kills), although some situations will force you to adhere to one. For the boss fights, there is always a “creative” option (find and exploit its weakness to do large damage), but there is also the “Resident Evil” option: Empty enough bullets into it, and the thing will die.Second, you can POV switch to control different characters, i.e. you can choose to lead as Moira or Natalia rather than as Claire or Barry, and you can command them to wait or follow. Activating this mechanic is central to solving puzzles, and it is quite fun. It reminds me of Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, except everything looks hideously terrifying and is trying to kill you.Leveling up for skills was relatively easy for me due to the fact that I loooted many gems for BP (skill points), and I replayed a few chapters ifI didn't like the grade that I got after completing them. Scarcity of resources was also not an issue in normal mode--perhaps only in the very beginning when you are quite defenseless.Controls can be buggy at times. For some reason, I found it significantly more difficult to pull off stealth kills as Claire than as Barry. Moira also let me down many times by failing to blind enemies with her flashlight when I set up what seemed like a opportunity. Not to mention, there was a handful of times in which the enemy pyramid head had seen me while I was crouched behind cover, far away! Lastly, I was forced to restart one time when I was controlling Moira, but Claire jumped next to me, got stuck on the ceiling, touched the floor, and promptly DIED.The story ended up being somewhat stereotypical of the genre, and of what you expect for the Resident Evil series. It was decent, and the ending culminated in a satisfying boss fight for me. Furthermore, I think the writers did a good job of creating not only likeable characters, but also convincing rapport between them. I enjoyed the writing and found several interactions endearing. Unexpected sassiness also created some unintentionally funny moments for me."
76561198046305932,Recommended,287290,14650199,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ShurikenSalvo,Nice game.Capcom fixed many thing and now I can play this game smoothly.
