user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,287390,32584621,Posted: 19 June,all,Sharik,"Basic informationTitle:Metro: Last Light ReduxDeveloper(s):4A GamesPublisher(s):Deep SilverGenre(s):Action, Shooter, First-Person, Sci-Fi, ArcadeSingleplayer:YesMultiplayer:NoNumerical ImpressionOverall*/10AI7Atmosphere10Gameplay8Graphics10Characters8Optimization8Originality8Sound10Soundtrack7Story9Ratings85/100General ImpressionThe atmospherics really do make you feel you are in this game. There are some shocking and jumping moments when you get the hairs on the back of your neck tingling. You feel at most times vulnerable and as though you are being watched or followed. Ammo is very hard to come by and you have to be very careful what you purchase, sell and use. However all these elements make a really good game, a game you have to think about your every move."
,Recommended,287390,12990193,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,VirtualVictory,"The differences  between Metro 2033 to Metro 2033 Redux are significant while the differences between Metro: Last Light and Metro: Last Light Redux are unfortunately miniscule and in some cases, non-noticeable. I personally purchased this game for some easy achievements but that's not to say I didn't enjoy what I experienced. However, I feel there's a bit to praise and criticise 4A Games on with this product.Note worthy additions to Metro: Last Light Redux:● Enhanced lighting. This time around Metro: Last Light has been brightened and it now features lens flares! Whether it's for the better, that's up to you to decide!● Many textures in Metro: Last Light Redux have been slightly enhanced. However, this enhancement will not be noticeable unless you're running the graphical settings on Very High.● Enemies are now more responsive to light and sound. If you fall from a high place or turn off a light, expect an enemy to investigate.● The addition of safes. Hidden throughout the game are safes with corresponding keys. These safes contain a variety of items including ammunition, military grade ammunition, grenades, throwing knives, etc.Chapter enhancements (For users who have played through the original Metro: Last Light)In the chapter Reich, you now have the ability to jump when you're in the chase scene with Pavel.While fighting the Rhino in the chapter Undercity, nosalises will now attack you. It makes fighting the Rhino a little more challenging, but not nothing you shouldn't be able to handle.Aspects of Metro: Last Light Redux worth praising:● The ability to approach a combat situation in multiple ways. Sneaking, knock out kills, use of silencers, and using the darkness to sneak up on enemies. It may seem silly and common knowledge but many games in the current gaming industry fail to deliver anything more than just a watered down run and gun experience.● The new A.I. combat subroutines are irritating yet innovative. If you're approaching a combat situation guns blazing be prepard for some jumpy, trigger happy enemies.● The achievement progress saving system. In the original Metro: Last Light, progress was saved in a consecutive playthough. This time around you can reload checkpoints to accumulate kills, unlock safes, filter air time, burn cobwebs and unscrew light bulbs.● No unsynced voice and facial animations. Although a little wonky, the facial animations and voice are never unsynced from start to finish. That's certainly saying something considering the majority of the games created today have the issue with unsynced facial animations.● No 'in-game' store. The majority of developers feel the need to put a direct link to their game's downloadable content within the game itself. This angers some consumers while ruining the immersion they're trying to create.Aspects of Metro: Last Light Redux worth criticizing:● Non-existant NPC eye tracking. I never realized how important eye tracking was before I played the Metro series. Almost all of the NPCs in Metro: Last Light Redux feel as if they're staring off into space, unaware of their surroundings or the player.● Copy and paste menus and user interface. The menu and user interface of Metro: Last Light Redux is the exact menu and user interface that Metro: Last Light used back in 2013.● The watering down of achievements within the game. While they may have added 5 new achievements, they have completely gutted 28 from the game, including ones that were from once downloadable content.New achievements 4A Games has added to Metro: Last Light Redux:1. Veteran - Choose three primary weapons that use different ammo.2. Pyromaniac - Burn 50 Cobwebs.3. Engineer - Use 10 Lever Switches.4. Master Thief - Open 10 locked safe boxes.5. Cheers! - Drink at every occasion.Achievements that were in Metro: Last Light but were not present in Last Light Redux:01. Weapon Smith - Install all possible Customizations for a Weapon.02. First Draft - Write 10 of Artyom's hidden Diary pages.03. Tesla - Break 50 Lights.04. A Present - Take the Custom Pistol from the Locked Box.05. Businessman - Make 100 Purchases.06. Diver - Fall in the Swamp 10 times.07. Soup - Kill 5 Shrimp with Grenades.08. Equipped - Find all Equipment Stashes in the swamps.09. Walking Bank - Collect 1000 Military Rounds.10. Inferno - Set 2 Enemies on fire at once.11. Forgotten - Find the Hidden Ammo in the abandoned part of the station on the QUARANTINE level.12. Musician - Use all Musical Instruments in the game.13. Nobody's Home - Ignore the Phone Call in the Anomaly.14. Bloodlust - Kill all the Reds on the THE CHASE level.15. Van Helsing - Kill a Demon with the Helsing.16. True Spartan - Hold the Platform without dying.17. Gunslinger - Kill at least one Enemy with each Weapon available in the game.18. Shadow Ranger - Complete the game without killing any Humans unless forced to.-----------------------------------------------------------------------20. Sniper - Kill 10 enemies with headshots using your sniper rifle.21. Artifact - Find 30 artifacts.22. Homo Homini Lupus Est - Kill 100 enemies with heavy weapons.23. Willpower - Сomplete at least one HUGE mission.24. Arachnophobia - Kill 20 spiders with your flame thrower.25. Specialist - Complete the SHOOTING RANGE and ARENA.26. Safe Cracker - Open 8 safe boxes on the PAVEL level.27. Hunting - Kill 20 Nosalises on the KHAN level.28. Eagle Eye - Kill more Watchmen than Artyom does.Unfortunately, this product can only be launched while connected to a network. These type of business decisions only affect the users who have legally purchased this product. If people have interest in pirating this product, they're going to find a way around this restriction.The original Metro: Last Light has been removed for purchase from the Steam Store. If you some how manage to find a Metro: Last Light Steam license from a 3rd party source, best of luck finding licenses for the downloadable content. My condolences go out to the users who care about achievements and have purchased Metro: Last Light before it was removed but did not have time to purchase all of the downloadable content. These users who have only purchased the base game will never be able to obtain 100% achievement completion for this product.I didn't enjoy this game as much as the original Metro Last Light, but I would certainly recommend it if the price is right."
76561198015927399,Recommended,287390,14546997,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"Having played Metro: 2033 Redux I was suitably impressed by its story, graphics and gameplay, but was left wanting more. Metro: Last Light Redux offers more and I jumped straight in with an aprehensive smile on my face and a spare pair of pants by my side. So, what did I think?I freaking LOVE this game! A brilliant continuation of the story and once again the graphics are next to none. New enemies add to the scare factor and the lore of the games' setting. Everything that made Metro: 2033 Redux so good is back but with even more. The length of the gameplay for me was longer than the first game, which was welcome.If you enjoyed Metro: 2033 Redux (I know I did) then you should definately purchase Metro: Last Light Redux. For me it ticked ALL the boxes and still managed to scare the S**T out of me! For this one reason I praise this game so highly. Never since the likes of AvP 2000 has a game managed to quicken my pulse and caused me to pause a game to take a breath. Developers take note, this is how you make a true FPS with horror elements.9/10"
,Recommended,287390,17349318,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ownosourus,"For those that weren't aware of Metro: Last Light its first time around, the game is a direct sequel to Metro 2033, with the plot being set forth by the last moments of 2033. Russia has been decimated by nuclear war, and the only way people were able to survive was to turn the underground metro system into makeshift settlements. Above ground, animals have mutated into horrific beasts, and mysterious psychic beings called the Dark Ones lurk both above ground and below. In Metro 2033: Last Light the monsters aren’t the only danger, as different factions from Neo-Nazis to Commies and beyond are all duking it out for a doomsday device in a civil war for control of Russia’s remains. It’s up to Artyom, the player character, to learn more about the still-mysterious Dark Ones and try to keep relative peace throughout the metro. I really enjoyed the narrative. While the plot itself isn’t terribly original, the world and characters are expanded in the way a good movie sequel grows things not simply for growth’s sake, but to make the player feel even more like they’re in a living, breathing place.What makes Last Light shine isn’t how many things go boom or how many monsters get pumped full of lead. I mean there’s definitely action, and when it’s there it is satisfying, but where the game series as a whole really succeeded was in creating a palpable atmosphere dense with despair, anxiety, and powerlessness. In some ways Last Light improved on the immersion of Metro 2033 through fully first person cut scenes, expanding the game’s universe, and greatly improved graphics that brought out each spiderweb and puddle of mud.With the narratives and worlds so tied together it seemed a bit jarring that gameplay took such a sudden change in direction. Thankfully herein lies, in my opinion, the biggest positive about Last Light’s re-release treatment. Now fans of both styles can be happy, as the game lets people choose from the get-go whether they’d like to play the more action-oriented style of the original, or boost up enemy damage and scale back the amount of resources available to play in the style of 2033.Unfortunately some of the other improvements that Redux boasts end up being largely inconsequential. While graphics technology has improved noticeably since the franchise’s freshman effort in 2010, I really didn’t notice anything looking particularly better in this version than in the Last Light of 2013. I’m sure that if compared side by side there’s probably a few nicer textures and models here and there, but all in all tech just hasn’t developed enough since then to make the visuals a viable reason to upgrade. Don’t, however, confuse that for me being displeased with the way things look. Though the game takes place in underground tunnels and barren wastelands, the game still manages to keep the screen from turning into the brown soup that so many desolate games do.The art direction helps things too. Everything from the weapons to the underground ""buildings"" feel ready to fall apart at any moment, and the various people drinking around fires, shopping, and just generally going about their daily lives give the settlements in particular an organic, personable vibe that pull you into the world of Metro that much more. So while none of this is particularly different from the original release to Redux, it’s still pretty darned good.Whether or not you find Metro: Last Light Redux worth the money is going to depend entirely on what you’re buying it for. If you’re someone who’s never played the game, or if you’re someone like me that liked 2033 but didn’t appreciate the pacing changes the sequel brought, then yes, pull the trigger. The game becomes much more of a survival-horror title with the new available options, and if you’re new you can try both styles and decide for yourself. Otherwise, there’s really no reason to prefer the original over this remastering. The audio visual improvements are modest, and the added content of the DLCs are relatively miniscule. All in all, I myself had a great time with the title, and the Metro franchise is still one nuclear winter I never want to turn to spring."
76561198021354223,Recommended,287390,32553300,Posted: 18 June,all,Doctor 7-93D,"Metro: Last Light Redux is an incredible game, just like its sibling this game will keep you playing.GAMEPLAYNot much has changed since the original except that theres more variety in the weapons and a few new mutated creatures. Although I do believe they wasted the mechanic of the rail car, I think it could've been used for more.Though, also like 2033 there is questionable AI in some parts. Although there isn't much else to say.STORYJust like 2033, the story in this game is fantastic, if not better though at first it may seem a bit fuzzy, but definately gets better as you go!It has new memorible characters that you will both love, and hate.The only complaint I have is that, the one section that has nudity, the way they execute it feels a bit awkward.The game is very cinematic with it's story telling, making a enjoyable atmospheric and immersive experience within the game itself.AUDIO & MUSICThe music and sound design in this game is phenominal. The guns, again feel real, and powerful. While the mutants horrific and scary!GRAPHICSThe graphics in this game are definately better then 2033, and the lighting even moreso. The game is just beautiful to look at, especially the new surface world. Which you spend more time on thankfully to take the beauty in.OVERALLWhile Last Light doesn't change much, gameplay wise from 2033, thats okay because the formula used works so well with the game, Last Light gets an8/10, a great game just like it's sibling!"
,Recommended,287390,15132513,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Joel,"After playing this game, Metro Last Light ""Redux"" i have to say.. It was amazing! Every single bit was amazing so lets get right into it.Pros:- Amazing Graphics (I don't reccomend running this on a Potato, sorry)- Weapon Customization (Alot better then Metro 2033 (Non Redux Verison)- Very gripping story that sometimes will have you on the edge of your seat.- Great DLC, Simple and Short and thankfuly it comes with the Redux Verison so thats a plus, ties in with the game and you can see what happened through the eyes of others (Palve, Khan, Anna)- Somewhat Replay Value (Morale Points and Endings, along with just taking a different apporach)Cons:- The Morale points and the two endings, if you get one thing screwed up you will get the bad ending for whatever reason, its really annoying and can really ruin what ending you were trying to work for.- For me, i don't know why but playing on Surivial Hard Core i seen my self having more Military Grade Bullets and Normal Bullets, Filters etc in full supply which annoyed me, i am not sure if this is like this in Ranger mode so please take that in mind.- Somewhat stupid AI > Khan in level ""Fate of the River"" will stand there helplessly while you fight of a horde of mutants which is quite annoying. The Mutants do not attack him nor does he attack them.- (Somewhat of a spoiler for this one warning right now)On the last level D6 where you are tasked to kill a Tank if you die AFTER destroying the tank you cannot reload saves or die. You will crash to the desktop and have to restart the whole level which can be annoying but the D6 level doesn't last long.Well, this is not the best review out there of this game. But i do hope some of you know what your buying from reading this.This game can be VERY challengeing on harder modes or easier on modes like Sparta.I reccomend this game to those Hardcore FPS gamers or anyone who like Post-Apoc Settings."
76561198076696204,Recommended,287390,16031948,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Soedric,"Icompletelyrecommend playing Metro: 2033 Redux before playing or knowing anything of this game, otherwise you might be confused and lose important advancements in the previous game.This game, or shall I say experience, is truly an unknown Gem. It is remarkable, and it is sad that it is not too well known. I didn't even know of its existence until it was on sale and steam recommended it to me, and I bought it due to the fact it reminded me of the Fallout series.This game is brilliant, as well as its predecessor Metro: 2033 Redux. They both leave you with an eerie feeling that sticks with you, sort of indescribable. The overall tone of this game is of morality, it glimpses to the past and evaluates its crimes committed. Ultimately leading to a morbid journey through trials that is to undue the sins of the past.~Some Pros/cons I compiled. ~Pros:+ Morality has its role to play.+ Its story progresses smoothly, and goes off soon after the ending of its previous game.+ Gorgeous, very atmospheric and it completely immerses you into this world of post-apocalyptic Russia.+ It's combat system is very well laid out, you can choose to be stealthy or simply go full on into combat.+ You get to choose from a nice array of weaponry, as well as possess some nice upgrades for them.+The story is affected by your actions.+They managed to include the antagonists of 'The Reds' (Communism), and 'The Reich' (Nazis) in such a way that it is not corny, but rather emphasizes the struggle not for only day to day survival in post-nuclear life but rather its political/social injustices as well.+It includes supernatural/spiritual scenes as well, nice touch.Cons:- Some achievements are hard to get.- Very few minor graphical errors.-This game does not always hold your hand.- It ends."
,Recommended,287390,12622286,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CzechDeath,"REDUX! This version of last light does not differ all that much from original. Basically lighting and some shaders are improved slightly and several locations have more prop objects and are filled more wtih detail, but other than that you will be buying Safe box key searching game mecahnic.If you own lastlight wait for massive sale on lastlight redux, for you are purchasing only handfull of changes, unlike 2033 redux.However if you dont have metro and would be for some reason deciding between original and redux BUY REDUX!"
,Recommended,287390,28244123,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Metro: Last Light is pretty cool, I guess.You play as Artyom, a man who lives in the Moscow Metro because some jerks with big red buttons decided to push the big red buttons and kill us all.During World War 3 in 2013, a war I apparently missed, it all got too hot and everyone decided to nuke everyone. Major cities across the world were burned away in nuclear hellfire and most of the human race was wiped out. Fortunately, 200,000 residents of Moscow managed to avoid being turned into the skeletons form Terminator 2 by hiding underground in the Moscow Metro station.It is now 2034, and the Metro has taken on a society of it's own. Less than 50,000 people of the original 200,000 are alive in these Metro tunnels, but they have formed their own brand of society and go about their day to day lives working, exploring, farming, and of course, waging war.Because what screams post-apocalyptic Metro tunnels more than Nazis fighting Communists?Metro: Last Light is a first person shooter where you, playing as Artyom, must travel through the Moscow Metro in search for the last Dark One, a survivor of a race of strange creatures that were wiped out in the last game.  But after being captured, Artyom is cut off from his faction, the Rangers of the Order, and has to travel through a hostile Metro while fighting Nazis, bandits, mutants, your mother, and several other enemies that want you dead.Metro: Fast Food puts a big emphasis on resource management, ammo and supplies CAN be scarce within the metro tunnels if you're a big stinky man who doesn't know how to manage his things properly. Artyom is a very sneaky fellow, and usually has the advantage of not being seen when he goes into a new area. As long as you stay out of sight and avoid light sources, the enemy shouldn't be able to see you, allowing you to plan out your attacks and pick off stragglers and loners as you see fit. Or you can just avoid them all together and stock everything like the hermit you are.The game gives you a lot of options for handling enemies and dangerous situations. Not only are all of the weapons weighty and crunchy to fire, but you also have a knife that lets you dispatch enemies quietly as well as throwing knives for when you want to do your best ninja impression. Not only that but you can carry three firearms at any given time and customize them to meet most situations. A silencer for when you want to be sneaky, IR scopes so you can see in the dark better, and even a suppressor for your shotgun because 'No Country For old Men' was a rad movie.You also have two types of ammunition, or at least two types of ammo for weapons that can fire Soviet 5.45x39mm cartridges. See, I did my research.These ""golden bullets"" have become a currency in the Metro tunnel. The way it's explained is that the bullets aren't backed by any kind of currency standard like the NCR money was in Fallout, but instead they're prized for their stopping power and penetration. So you have a choice to make, hold on to these bullets and spend them as currency, or use them in your gun if for any reason you feel as though the shoddy and poorly made dirty rounds that are manufactured in the metro just wont cut it.The game is linear, but honestly, what do you expect when you're walking through a literal metro tunnel. The game does open up and allow you a bit of freedom when you enter stations with enemy encounters. But for the most part, you're on the rails, no pun intended. It's not a bad way for the game, considering how narrative heavy it actually is, and I never really felt all that oppressed when going through it, there's still enough room to scavenge and hunt for supplies in between sneaking and fire fights, which is more than you can say for most linear games.But should you play Metro: cockfight?The game's linearity may ward you off, and the mutant fights feel like nothing more than events that happen only to drain your resources. The boss fights are fairly boring, but they only happen twice or so throughout the entire game.I would say Metro works as a nice gateway for people into the Eastern European Post Apocalyptic genre. It shares many similarities with another series of the same genre known as STALKER, who both borrow heavily from  Arkady and Boris Strugatsky 1971 classic novel: Roadside Picnic. It's a very different take on the genre than you might be use to. There's this overlying feeling of...I don't know, hope I guess. There are crazies and freaks in the Metro, but it's not like raiders and bandits completely outnumber and overwhelm the decent folk like the modern Fallout games, and it's not like Mad Max where everyone is living off borrowed time and outside of things like ghosts and mutants, it feels more grounded in reality.The people aren't living off borrowed time, they picked up where they left off and struggle to make with what they can. Don't get me wrong, living in the Metro tunnels would still be a terrible and dreadful experience, but if you held on, if you struggled and fought with everyone else, you can make a life for yourself in those dark, old tunnels. And even though you might never see it, maybe, just maybe, your children, or your children's children can stand on the surface world without radiation suits and gas masks, and can build a new world from the ruins of the old one. Maybe there is a light at the end of that tunnel...Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was beautiful, did I really write that?Metro: Last Light gets 8 rat kebabs out of 10.I don't know, I think the Metro shrimps would actually taste good.The curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curationEDIT: Actually, nevermind, the more I think about this game the more I like it.Metro: Last Light gets 9 rat kebabs out of 10."
76561198149747443,Recommended,287390,32329575,Posted: 10 June,all,ShagaShagaShu,"Is like linear STALKER. But still good.There is vodka, and AKs."
,Recommended,287390,18445709,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,WAAZZAAP,Well i just wanted to shoot things but the game gave me feels instead
,Recommended,287390,17027061,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Robert J. Sullivan,Got the bad ending because of a fine booty.
76561198042358009,Recommended,287390,25768005,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Akrybion,"This game tought me, that I can't spend all my money and ammo on strippers, because I might have to shoot myself through a radioactive swamp only 10 minutes later. And it tought this lesson to me the hard way."
,Recommended,287390,15004499,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Vortex Darkstar,The best russian subway simulator
,Recommended,287390,11891745,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,g0ggles,"This and 2033 are remasters done right, other developers need to take note of what 4A have done and what they have achieved. It's beautiful, smooth, immersive and above all; engaging. Metro has earned a name for itself for telling a story of post apocalyptic survival different to others and it is well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,287390,22632775,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,interFaZer,"One of the grittiest and most rewarding gaming experiences I've ever hadDark, creepy, immersive, tense... just a great show all around.✓ True immersionWhere most games try way too hard, Metro Last Light does beautifully. Play at night in the dark with a good headset, set the voices to russian and the subtitles to whatever you prefer, play on survival/ranger and experience this game at its best.✓ Stunning visualsThey went a bit overboard with the bloom, but the rest of the game looks amazing. It really adds to the atmosphere and they did a wonderful job on the models/textures.✓ Good storyIt picks up a year after Metro 2033 ended. This time it's darker and there's a different goal. As usual with post-apocalyptic games, it shows you that even if your environment is surrounded by deadly creatures, the humans are the real monsters of the story.✗ Some technical issues1. Atrociously low FOV that, upon modification, will screw up some HUD elements2. Many dialogues are un-subtitled if you play with russian voices/english subtitlesVerdictIn a nutshell, Metro Last Light is like Metro 2033, but better and with boobies. The Metro Redux bundle goes on sale all the time. If you still haven't played these amazing games, you're missing out on a GREAT experience."
,Recommended,287390,12750386,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheIronicTea,"The adrenaline rush you get when you realise you have no ammo for the next boss, your gasmask is cracked and seaping poisonous air into your lungs and you have no health packs or filters left... There is no other choice but to man up and fight the boss thrice your size with throwing knives and courage. This is Metro.Metro: Last Light is a very immersive, superb linear first-person shooter that has good stealth elements mixed in the sauce. The AI is pretty stupid though, and even one step you take without crouching makes them question the sound even though they have a dozen friends running around already. Another thing that really annoys me is changing between your throwable weapons, you have to move your mouse while in-game in a very idiotic way that I really cannot even describe. Also, when you're making a stealth kill, both you and the enemy stand up without any animation - it's looks very clunky, and your character doesn't go automatically back to the sneaking position, which is why I was spotted numerous times.The Redux version of Last Light does not differ from the original at all, if you don't count some fixed lighting. It also includes all the DLC, which seems to consist of pretty decent side-missions. The graphics are fantastic. Play in Hardcore Ranger-mode for a good time!Metro: Last Light is a superb game with fantastic gameplay and immersion. 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,23724814,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,T.P.D #Nova Plague,"Metro 2033 Redux + Metro: Last Light Redux:About The Game:""The Metro"" series is a book based game, that is all about the life in the underground metro station of Moscow, Russia.The story is all around the metro because this is the only place where survivors in the game could have survived the atomic bombs and the radioation that is all around the city as a result of those atomic bombs explosions.In the game, the protagonist is Artyum, a young man who wants to join the ""Rangers"" squad in the metro and help fighting the Nazis, the Communists (AKA The Reds) and the most common and dangerous enemys, the Mutants. Yes, there are mutants in the game.Gameplay:In the first 5 minutes into the game, you'll feel as everything is moving very slow, literally, and you'll feel weird and uncomfortable to play, but you'll get used to it.The movment of the game are nice, it lets you feel comfortable enough to be able to combat and fight your way trough the metro and use any weapon that the game will offer you such as on any other fps game, nothing to special about the mechanics of this game.Voice Acting + Soundtracks:Well, I have to admit that the voice acting of some characters in this game are really weird and awkward. like, when a little kid approches you, you'll expect him to sound like a child, right? Well apparently, Metro is a game where kids sound older than their own father. so dont be surprised if you hear an adult calling you in the game, and when you'll look at him you'll see a little scrub begging for money (BULLETS, in the game). Also it seems like ''4A Games'' haven't put a lot of effort into the voice acting of the game....Now the Soundtracks, thats another story. The soundtracks of the game really fits to the environment of the game. Creepy ghosts, moaning monsters, Injured soldiers and battle-crys. Weapon shells droping, scopes zooming in and out, and your heavy breath as you're using the gas mask. Every sound that a good horror game needs to be perfect.Ok, So, After all, Metro is great horror game and I cant say to much bad things about it. Its fun and intresting, it has a good story and its also a long game. I highly recommend playign this game to everyone who likes a good long story.P.S: For the non-russian fellas who wanna get this game, dont buy the normal Metro 2033 game. It has Russian language only in it and it can't be switched to any other language. So do yourself a favor, and get the Redux version (The gameplay, graphics, everything is the same)."
76561198074661529,Recommended,287390,27280551,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sniper Wolf,"Metro: Last Light Redux is why I play video games, this game is fantastic and one of my all-time favourites. It runs great for me at 60 FPS, on a GTX 980, with Windows 10. However, the maximum Antialiasing setting appears to be broken. So, I play with everything maxed out except Antialiasing, which I leave at the default setting. It looks and sounds incredible, with clever gameplay elements, that help to make it one of the most immersive games I’ve ever played.The game can be played with both a shooter or stealth play style, with different endings depending on decisions you make throughout. There are also hidden depths contained within the game world including a ‘moral system’. Which encourages the player, to take notice of the extensive attention to detail, contained in Last Light’s design. As a sequel to Metro: 2033 Redux, Last Light continues the entertaining and immersive story from that game. While adding more fun scenarios and well-designed chapters of its own.This version of the game also includes all of the DLC content, which can be found in the ‘Chapters’ section of the main menu. The first time I played through the campaign, I didn’t know about the DLC, as it can be easily missed. When you go into the ‘Chapters’ menu, you can press ‘x’ (XBOX 360 controller), to switch between the campaign and DLC chapters. These DLC chapters are great, each one demonstrates different aspects, of ‘Last Light’s gameplay and design. My favourite of these chapters are Kshatriya and Khan, over all though this DLC content is probably the best that I’ve ever seen.I highly recommend Metro Last Light as a fun and immersive video game, which stands as a shining example of great game design."
,Recommended,287390,22908676,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Frankie,"very slav game. would recommend, ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,287390,17684045,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lucasif The Odd,"tl:dr: The game is fantastic, needs a decent computer and runs solidly. You should play Metro 2033 first. 8.5/10.You know when you read a book/movie/tv/game series and you get to the end and just want more? I'm replaying this for the third time and I still get that craving for more once I've finished. It's a very well made game for one, having many different mechanics at work often all at the same time.You'll need to manage your air supply when in toxic environments, represented as your gas mask filters which you will need to swap out every 5 minutes. You'll need to make sure your torch is topped up with energy, manually pumping the thing every now and again and you'll also need to make sure you're hidden from view, highlighted by the blue vial on your watch.*This game requires a moderatly well equipped computer to run at reasonable framerates.* The framerate itself is fairly stable and doesn't stutter or dip, at least that I know of.Explore the tunnels of the metro, the horrors of the destroyed Moscow city as you climb through the ruins of the city, dodging the shadows that flash every time lightning strikes. You'll then realise the shadows look noticeably human like. Enjoy the flashbacks to the last moments of the Russians' lives as they react to the explosion in the distance. You'll see many things in this game, you'll experience many different fear invoking reactions. If you hate spiders, you'll be scared. If you cannot stand small spaces, you'll be breathing hard. If the thought of the supernatural sends shivers down your spine you might consider putting on a jumper because being cold will be the new norm for you.This game should be played after you finish Metro 2033 (redux preferred) as playing this first will really not make any sense at all.If you choose to play this game, you'll be choosing to experience a fantastic storyline, spread over the two games and several DLC levels alongside the amazingly well polished gameplay that comes from managing your gas mask filters, gas mask screen (It cracks, you start dying) and the dirt and blood that comes from shooting dirty/bloody objects, or being shot yourself. I would give this game a 8/10 if not a 9/10.The only reason I cannot give this game a 10/10 is because I personally find the ghost sections to be too uncomfortable for me to handle. And although I mention spiders being prominent I should mention one of the DLC's is literally just you being given a flamethrower and you burning down a spider nest. That was very enjoyable. Otherwise this game is flawless in my opinion and I'd recommend it to anyone, even those scared of the mentioned things because it's truly an experience that cannot be beaten.Side note: Writing out this review which I spent the most time on out of any other review instantly gets downvoted into hell while one of my stupidest comments which I spend no time on got voted to the top of their respective review sections. Well played 10 year olds, well played."
,Recommended,287390,16980805,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Evo,"Metro: Last Light ReduxPlay as Artyom, the ranger in the main storyline and discover the secrets and plans of other factions and uncover the secrets of the Metro in this post apocalyptic world in Moscow, Russia after the crisis.Pros:✓ Astonishing graphics and lighting effects, highely recommend you play this if your rig can handle it.✓ Immersive post-apocalyptic world, you literally feel like your there.✓ Interesting storyline, I wanted to play more to progress more of the story. I listened to the prespective of Artyom during the loading screens, even with the option to skip, this intreguing me to the character of Artyom and the story.✓ Gameplay is fun, including combat. You decide how to approach the situation, each choice has a consequence.✓ Challanging and doesn't hold your hand during the game like a toddler.✓ Neat mechanics, requires you to recharge your flashlight, you can wipe blood and rain from your vision when you're wearing a oxygen mask. this mechanic creating an immersive atmosphere, etc.✓ Wants me to play more.Cons:✗ Voice acting can be a little off sometimes, very questionable.✗ Can be difficult to know exactly how to progress in some situations, but nothing to be noted, can be solved with a little exploring.Verdict:I literally want to play the game again, I can't stop thinking about it, I want more. If you're reading this and you haven't bought it yet, the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing? Buy it now, it has amazing quality over most triple AAA titles to this date, yet it's cheaper than most AAA titles. You wont regret buying this game."
,Recommended,287390,30808939,Posted: 29 March,all,Snow,"Buy it,Download it,Launch it,Play it,Enjoy it,Finish it,Quit it,Cry,Uninstall it."
,Recommended,287390,33745739,Posted: 23 July,all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL;DR? See Conclusion and Final NotesNOTE: Related ContentAlso see my:Metro 2033 Redux ReviewINTRODUCTION:Metro Last Light Redux is the ‘remastered’ version of Metro Last Light which was originally released in 2013. The game is a linear first-person horror survival shooter which was generally based on the novels (Metro 2033 and Metro 2034) written by Dmitry Glukhovsky. This game serves as the sequel to the critically acclaimed 2010 game, Metro 2033.PLOT (No Spoilers):One year after the events of Metro 2033, Artyom (Артём) finds himself as a full-fledged member of theSpartanswho has set up shop in the massive Soviet bunker known as D6. After receiving word that a Dark One survived the ‘canonical ending’ of Metro 2033, Artyom sets out on another adventure in the post-apocalyptic world to capture this last surviving Dark One.PROS:+ Excellent graphics+ Excellent atmosphere (blend of action, horror, suspense and mystery)+ Excellent world building+ Very good sound design+ Very good map and level design+ Very good story which is told in a fairly lengthy game time+ Subtle morality system that will have an effect on the final outcome of the story+ New game mechanics (ex. Stealth takedowns – lethal or non-lethal)+ Very fun gunplay+ Improved enemy AI+ Improved character animations from the first game+ Extensive weapon selection and upgrade system+ Fair but challenging difficulty+ Very fun and relatively challenging DLCs+ Lap dancesCONS:- No Field of View (FOV) slider: Note that the default setting is 50.625, which is too narrow (in my opinion) for a first-person shooter game.FIX- Rare crashing issues- Ridiculously (unskippable) long intro cinematicsFIX<-I have personally not tried this- Although there are improvements in the overall animations of the characters, facial animations can still use a little bit more polishing.NEUTRAL:+/- All weapon mods/upgrades can only be removed if you visit the weapon shops. This means that you cannot remove your silencer at will.+/- Armor upgrades are now tied to the story and can no longer be purchased, unlike the first original game.+/- Cliché boss battlesCONCLUSION:GREAT GAMEandGREAT SEQUEL. Metro Last Light Redux is a worthy successor to Metro 2033. Much like the original game, it delivers a unique and very immersive first-person shooter experience while bringing in several game mechanics that add to the atmosphere and immersion of the game. It blends together the atmosphere of narrative driven games, the suspense of horror games, and the heart pumping combat of action games.WORTH IT?The game is worth $19.99 (or your regional equivalent). If you’re new to the Metro series, I would personally recommend that you purchase theMetro Redux Bundlebecause its only $29.98. If that’s still too expensive, then I suggest waiting for a sale.FINAL NOTES:This is not an open world Action-RPG game like S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Fallout. The Metro series falls in line with games such as F.E.A.R., DOOM, and Half-Life which are narrative driven games.Note that the original Metro Last Light (2013) game is no longer available on Steam. As of the time of this review, it has been replaced by the Redux version.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
,Recommended,287390,20283802,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＮＥＴＷＯＲＫ,Very realistic game. Amazing story and graphics. 10/10
,Recommended,287390,31835137,Posted: 18 May,all,Comrade Goodfeels,"Addictive, scary and fun. By far, I consider this to be one of the best post-apocalyptic titles of all time, because in games like Fallout, I have never felt so scared like in this game.+ Great graphics+ Awesome soundtrack+ Well made universe+ Exciting combat+ Great story+ Wide choice of modifiable firearms+ Hard boss fights- Sometimes unstableOverall this is one of the best games during last decade, and it is deffinetly worth the price. Some may argue that it is too difficult and harsh on new players, but that is what makes it so ♥♥♥♥ing fun. This game suprised me with an awesome soundtrack made by Alexei Omelchuk, who also created soundtrack for Stalker: Call of Pripyat. Only other post-apocalyptic title, that is as addictive and scary as Metro, is the Stalker franchise."
,Recommended,287390,32028667,Posted: 28 May,all,Cy83RN1Nj4,"Recommend if you like a good first person shooter game that throws some stealth and thriller into the mix!I heard about theMetroseries for a while now but never had the chance to play them until I finally picked them up off aSteamsale. There were many aspects I liked about the game as soon as I jumped in. Personally, I find that when you play a single player, first person shooter game, it can go one of two ways. Firstly it can either be a good mix of an action/first person shooter/and or adventure game, keeping one drawn in with various tasks, different sceneries, and things to do besides move and shoot. However, first person shooter games could just be that. With no real motivation to do any specific tasks you could quickly find yourself noticing all you do is move and shoot. I can tell you with ease that this isn't the case withMetro: Last Light Redux. I liked that the game kept it from feeling like most bad first person shooter games and instead followed my first description; various tasks, different scenarios and things to do. I also liked how the story had multiple endings, it added replayability to the game. Especially because you have to work through a single play through to get to one or the other of the endings. Possibly making your second play through different then your first. Amongst other things, I also really liked the weapon customization. It's always a better experience when you play a game and get to make things your own, i.e. naming characters, making decisions and or customizing things.To be honest, there isn't a whole lot I don't like about this game. While usually I try to make sure I throw some points in for the other side of the argument, I honestly can't think of some genuine things that you could dislike about the game.PERSONALLYI don't like the outside segments and really the only reason for this is because of how perceptive you need to be(unless using a guide). What I mean by this is that the outside can be overwhelming your first time through. It'll seem like there's so much to explore and it'll seem like it'll be easy to miss something. Which it is. However, I don't feel as though this is a flaw in the gameplay and don't see this as a argument to be made not to buy the game.Would I recommend this game? Yes! I feel as though it's one of the better (if not best) first person shooter games I've played in a long time. I like the stealth mixed into the gameplay. Personally, I'm always a huge fan of stealth so that was a big thing for me. I liked the weapon customization along with the story. The moral choices and the alternate endings are a plus as well as it adds on replayability.NOTE:The game does have nudity in two levels that you can't skip by and can't select an option for it not to be. As much as I don't have a problem with this, I feel as though it should be included in this review!"
,Recommended,287390,31692789,Posted: 11 May,all,noxteryn,Make sure you play it in Russian.
,Recommended,287390,22912202,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zhev,"Total Metro immersionA great filler between the booksThe atmosphere and music are outstanding, really helps paint the picture the author envisioned."
76561198073472922,Recommended,287390,17379481,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lunken Perk,This game is the reason i dont swim irl
,Recommended,287390,34135152,Posted: 9 August,all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"The game becomes much more of a survival-horror with An actual story + immersive dialogue and excellent graphics.This game is one of the best atmospheric shooters ever made.Its not particularly scary but it tells a dark, depressing story and engages your emotions like few games ever did.Metro LLR is definitely worth a play through. The visual effects are top notch. The sound effects and music meet expectations. Once you get over the little flaws, Last Light Redux is thrilling and satisfies your apocalyptic FPS needs."
,Recommended,287390,23770902,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Squiffy,"Amazing game, even more atmospheric than 2033. Pick up both Redux games on sale and you will NOT regret it!"
,Recommended,287390,14490894,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Blades,"Kills a bunch of neo-nazis and receives a small amount of negative moral points, asks for a lapdance and receives enough negative moral points to get the bad ending for sure.11/10"
,Recommended,287390,30258179,Posted: 1 March,all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,"Metro: Last Light ReduxPositives:+ Good shooting, each gun has its uses in different situations and you really feel the power of the weapons. You'll get access to modifiable pistols, shotguns, rifles and a number of explosive devices. Stealth is encouraged and is a viable approach to many missions.+ Very detailed, atmospheric environments, traversing the dilapidated Metro stations and nuclear waste swamps on the surface was great. I enjoyed the seemingly insignificant, yet immersive graphical effects of Metro: Last Light Redux, where raindrops blocked your view when it was pouring down, or dirt splashed all across your screen when you waded through irradiated marshes.+ The story is interesting but it's also a bit hard to follow, even with diary entries found within each level. Picking up from the events that occurred in Metro: 2033, Artyom is sent to eliminate the last known surviving 'dark one', but ultimately ends up embarking on a journey of self-understanding and reflection on humanity.Mixed:~ Some of the DLC is fun and some of it isn't. For example, in Sniper Team you'll infiltrate a Nazi compound, relying on a high powered sniper rifle to neutralise enemies from afar. In spider lair you're recruited for an expedition to charter the metro tunnels. After a few days, you wake from unconsciousness stuck in a giant web of silk - now you must survive and find your two partners in the spiders' den. The mission in Kshatriya, where you scavenge the libraries of Moscow on the surface for cultural and technological artifacts is also good. Returning to base camp you will be paid for the items you retrieve so you can re-stock for future trips. The goal is to acquire a secret map of the subway somewhere on the surface, which will aid your cause.Other parts of the DLC like 'Heavy Squad' and 'The Tower' are very boring, amounting to nothing more than mindless ""survive the wave of enemies"" combat levels.Negatives:- I dislike how my decisions in the game weren't appreciated by the developers. I made choices for the self-preservation of the Rangers in D6 who I serve, doing what was necessary for the safety of the Metro as a whole and killing any hostile mutated creatures. The plotline was so predictable, I could tell I was going to receive a ""bad ending"", even though morally my decisions were entirely justifiable and logical. This was a very shallow and sad design implementation by the game's developers.- Dumb, scripted 'boss fights', where creatures or humans take an abnormal amount of bullets or cannot die until a certain condition has been triggered. Unrealistic!- I wish there were more levels for the surface and more opportunities to explore it. Unfortunately most of the time you are rushed, trying to delicately balance the filter timing in your gas mask with exploration (if it runs out you will suffocate). I still managed to thoroughly search the surface every chance I had, but it's the feeling of time pressure which is annoying. Metro: Last Light Redux looks so amazing and the surface is one of the best areas of the game, so it's disappointing that you feel hurried in these sections.- Microstuttering on a high end PC - GTX 970 4GB, 8 GB RAM, i7 CPU, not fixed by developers.8/10"
,Recommended,287390,31197606,Posted: 17 April,all,just clam,A game that makes you read a real book for more lore/backstory11/2
,Recommended,287390,12293135,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Splash,"Note: Make sure that you've played Metro 2033 or Metro 2033 Redux before playing this game as it takes place after the events of Metro 2033. I have written a review for that game as well that you can find on my profile under the reviews tab.In Metro Last Light Redux you take up the role as Artyom once again. It works the same as Metro 2033 when it comes to the ""Military Grade Rounds"" which are used as both currency and extra damage dealing ammunition. On top of having all of the weapons that were available in the first game, they have added several new ones and given them attachments as well making it easy for you to make a weapon that suits your needs.Metro Last Light also offers amazing character progression, with outstanding voice actors natural movement from the AI.The same detection system is also available here, combining sound and vision, and it works great.Environments in Last Light are absolutely stunning just like in Metro 2033. The devs have made an outstanding job with capturing the post-apocalyptic feeling you get while walking on the streets of Moscow.They story in Last Light is equally captivating as in Metro 2033. Metro Last Light Redux is,  like its predecessor, an excellent game worth playing."
,Recommended,287390,12983574,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,🌸KuShY🌸 燃えている♆,All i can say is it's very hard.. Good game but hard so plan on restarting alot..  I recomend this game great story line alot of blood and stealth you have to be carefull you run out of ammo quick so you need to save and look every place for ammo and mask's These Redux versions are so much better then the orig.
,Recommended,287390,25609358,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Arsacius,One of the best and the most atmospheric FPS game ever.
76561198114944289,Recommended,287390,31751812,Posted: 14 May,all,SOFT ~,Some people call them demons.I call them ♥♥♥♥♥es.
,Recommended,287390,26109195,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DigitalDivision,"This is a good game, I played this on PS3, but here are my thoughts for this gamePros:+ Good Graphics+ Good Gameplay+ Storyline is perfect+ Improved Stealth+ Animations is pretty good+ Character's voice is perfect+ Interesting places+ Good Steam Achievements+ Smooth ControlsCons:There isn't anything wrong with this game, it's just my opinion or anything- Spiders, Creatures scared the rest of my experience- / + I wish for the third game (Which is coming cause I edited this review)The game doesn't deserve some Cons, it's a good and a perfect game, I love the post-apocalyptic world and the details, it's always gonna be my favorite FPS game.10/10 would play a game that contains Russians, and I wanna kill all the Red Lines and the Reich"
,Recommended,287390,34509274,Posted: 26 August,all,[B]LzuU,By far the best apocalyptic game i've ever played.
,Recommended,287390,30662213,Posted: 21 March,all,SynnSauce,9/10One of the most immersive survival post-apocalyptic loot shooter I've played.If you play S.T.A.L.K.E.R then get this now!
,Recommended,287390,29276860,Posted: 15 January,all,Foxy the Milf Hunter,My favorite part was Venice ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198037396227,Recommended,287390,16719093,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rob,"Metro Last Light has to be my penultimate game i've ever played in my entire 22 years of existence. It is a follow up masterpiece, set 1 year after the events of Metro 2033, and the game, has become even more of a supernatural, terrifying, emotional and at all times dreary and depictfu montage of the  meagre existence of humanity after the end of the known world in 2013, the great nuclear armageddon. A beautifully crafted creation and adaption of Dmitry's novels, Last Light is an ambitious, successful and deep look at the human condition, and brings to meaning the real threat to our existence, is not anyone else, but ourselves. We created our own hell, and that is how we are punished, with an unforgiving and harsh reality forevermore. One will feel that his very existence is to that of a cog, wound in a wheel within clockwork, turning to make other parts function, and if he is not working, then neither will the entity.....read on..As Khan puts it, ""Heaven, Hell and Purgatory were atomized as well, so they must all remain here, forever to relive their moments"", this line explains everything you come across, from the mutated beings of physical form, to the more neutral ghostly figures of the metro, to the anomalies, ""no more evil..than say fire"", to the ultimate phenomena know as the ""Darkness"" and ""The Voices"" encountered within Dead City. Interestingly the Dead City voices are not linked to the ghosts of past, but more to the intricate combination of a wound world no longer separated by physical and what we depict as supernatural or unnatural. A new world, though humanity may have survived, who's to say that those spoils of heaven, and those demons of hell didn't also? It is a subtle and at times, very frightening and scary experience in an example of the human condition and the struggle of mankind, we destroy ourselves, yet war brings the best out in us, a paradox of sorts that metro tries to answer through the minds of a similarily aged young man named Artyom. The Dark Ones return, this time as protagonists of sorts, and will help the player in realising the miracle? or punishment of this new world that tries so hard to extinguish the flame of human existence. ""Try to gain an understanding of things, before you make your judgement"", perhaps Khan is the divine in the flesh?, and the Dark Ones are really angels? what if what we thought was good, was not always that. and what was bad, was actually good. Think before you judge, one cannot describe the importance in this quote, you will see for yourself, do not be so quick to shoot or kill, but observe one that you think is evil, may infact be struggling to survive, just as you are.A few words cannot describe the sheer amount of emotion and level-headedness one must have as they venture deeper into the darkest parts of the soul. Old Moscow remains, soviet soul is there, but the world we once knew, it is all gone and you, and you alone must discover what it means to forgive, to show understanding and to change, otherwise, what good is all the blood you've spilled, in your belief of a better world....perhaps redemption for your own sins commited at Ostankino? All that you were told was wrong, and now you, trained to be the best, take it upon yourself to see it through, to change the very course of humanity, so that whatever hope exists on a burning candle, it may persevere for a world, one day that our children may see as...human.Are we all in this together? Why do we fight? Why is our journey one of hardship, loss, pain, anger and why do we seek vengeance? Why must I do this alone? All are questions you will repeatedly ask yourself as you venture through the dark underground of Moscow's metro tunnels, to the harsh terrains of a thawing nuclear world with new treasures and dangers. Last Light explores the darkness of the human soul, the very essence that our greatest enemy is not the demon flying overhead, or the nosalis' stalking our tunnels but our own brethren, men whom we call friends, who we eat and drink with, at a moment's notice turning against everything that you believed in.The moment that caught my very essence was the friendship forged with Pavel, initially a, lighthearted, comedian of a red line soldier, whom you learn turns out to be more than meets the eye of innocence. A high ranking officer of the Intelligence Bureau, your travels together, form a friendship that even a man of his caliber shows reluctance to carry out his orders. A man sworn by oath, a soldier, many of us are, and how to set aside our morality is what plagues us, but is what makes us human, and if we lose that, then what is left of humanity in this new, frightful, threatening and aggressively destructive world? Without a doubt facing Pavel's men in ""Red Square"", a name of Soviet origin, a place of souls, trapped and eternally confined to pain and loneliness was the greatest moment of conflict I had faced, I chose to spare him, for without forgiveness Artyom loses what makes him unique, his ability to forgive, in a world where war still ravages on, even though humanity has all but destroyed itself in the last one.I cannot measure this game in the finite terms of numbers, this is a masterpiece, far beyond any rating, exceptionally charged and absolutely raw. Whether it be from the dark, abandoned, and haunted tunnels of ""Regina"" to the unforgiving conditions and insightful observations by the baby dark one in ""Undercity"" and ""Bridge"", to the sad and mundane existence of all that's left of humanity in ""Dead City"", to the feelings of mateship and strength in ""Separation"" to the utterly heartbreaking yet redemptive events of ""D6"" this experience delves into the very machinations of humanity, our eternal struggle for existence and our continuining hunger for the unobtainable, which leads us to our very own destruction, repeatedly, time and time again, a wheel of fortune, where the prize is death and the winner takes nothing to his grave. So please before you think it carefree to be completely devoid of a sense of soul, experience this for yourself, see if you have what it takes to really save your world, one you treasure so much, hold so dear and want to stay the same...all they wanted was a world they could live in, reclaim what was their's, remember you shape your own destiny no matter what forces move against you, it is your choice how events will transpire. This experience will live long into my future, and no suprise I would let my own son and daughter experience it in 20 years time.This is a thing of pure art, it should be preserved in the great library of human thought and development, preserved for generations to experience, through a heartfelt, honest but raw and untouched story that if we do not work together, arms linked against the wind, then what are we, men against a blaze of progress that we cannot control? I have said more than enough, experience this, you have not understood true passion and pain until you venture into the Metro.Stay tuned, I'll have even more to add once I come to the conclusion of forming my further observations regarding the in game events....."
,Recommended,287390,32177777,Posted: 4 June,all,Quagmire's Giggity Gun,"Ok, so I originally just bought Metro 2033 Redux when it was on sale for $5 to try the game out. 2033 was AMAZING, and the ending left me wanting more! So, as you can see, I have bought Metro: Last Light Redux now, and I REGRET NOTHING... Until mutated animals come out in packs to completely murder my face. Anyway, This game is awesome!"
76561198044033965,Recommended,287390,23769182,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr Horsey.,"Amazing game, amazing graphics, amazing story, amazing gameplay... Must buy. 10/10"
76561198024160947,Recommended,287390,13460293,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,kaishark,Great remake! If you liked Metro 2033/last night you'll love it!
,Recommended,287390,12727067,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zamiel,Metro: Last LightI enjoyed the game to the fullest walking through spooky areas in post apocalyptic Russia on the 2014 Halloween.The graphics are amazing looking and the gun mechanics are decent. Really spooky atmosphere when you're walking in the underground.8/10
,Recommended,287390,34753249,Posted: 5 September,all,URMarty,"Pros:+Story-  An amazingly well crafted environment and atmosphere with a great story, one of the best post-apocalyptic games out there.  Explore the metro and it's darkest secrets!+Gameplay-  Some of the maps are not linear, and there is mostly quite a few ways to beat the level, can go with stealth or lethal takedowns, also guns blazing just like Metro 2033: Redux.+Redux- A great technical improvement over the original which was removed from Steam store, the new version of 4A engine performs a lot better than the old one. Also fixed my weird stuttering issue from original!+Monsters- Not zombies, more like mutants, some may have supernatural abilities!+Enviroment- Not only you get to explore huge Russian metro system but you will also explore the Dead City!+Awesome Devs-Awesome devs, they work on Metro Exodus now! <3Cons:-Difficulty- Even the hardest difficulty in the game is kind of easy, no modding support to fix this.Updated 09/05/2017The game is definitely worth it! You probably won't regret playing it."
,Recommended,287390,22904334,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Antiquarian,pros- graphics- survival mode- awesome sound track- smart eniemes :3 LOLcons- short game.i would play it again 11\10
76561198002589014,Recommended,287390,34547518,Posted: 28 August,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,If you are developer and reading this - this is how you make video games!If you are gamer and reading this - just get it if you haven't already...
,Recommended,287390,32867233,Posted: 27 June,all,Mogrey665,russian simulator. cheeki breeki vodka. oh and ak power.
,Recommended,287390,28322458,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kvothe,"Take Your Time, You Won't Regret ItIf you haven't played Metro 2033 yet, I would go there first. While not essential it will give you a far better feel for the story these games are telling. This game is an incredible blend of survival horror, deep story telling and (depending on how you want to play) stealth/run-and-gun. If you really want you can complete this game in ~6 hours. Or you can take your time and immerse yourself in 15-20 hours of phenomenal content. Including some great DLC that comes with Redux allowing missions that give insight into other characters present in the story.4A Games have created something that will keep you on edge right the way through without letting you get bored. Yes there are some lengthy cutscenes but they are presented in such a way as to keep the story moving forwards. And any time spend scavenging is only of benefit to you it isn't a fruitless achievment grind.ProsIncredible story telling and second to none attention to detail (you can listen to hours worth of conversations to learn all about the Metro and the people that live there with you)Emphasis on stealth and resource managementVisualsA full 6 act Bolshoi theater showGreat DLC that gives insight into other characters met in the storyConsVoice acting falls off a little towards the endSlight shift in focus from the Metro to something a bit more supernatural (not a bad thing, just not fully explained)Predictable AIHave fun, immerse yourself & take your time. A brilliant experience.8/10"
,Recommended,287390,32465621,Posted: 15 June,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review for Metro 2033 Redux:Here.*** Note: This review contains major end-game spoilers from Metro 2033. If you have not finished that title, I highly recommend doing so before reading this review. Consider this your fair warning.The original version of Metro: Last Light was released in 2013 by developer 4A Games, and publisher Deep Silver. Alongside the reissue of Metro 2033, this successor also got a Redux version upgrade in mid-2014. Whereas its predecessor was based off of the best selling novel of the same name, Metro: Last Light is not actually inspired by any book from Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky, but rather it's a direct sequel to the first game. In fact, a majority of the ideas for Metro: Last Light came from 4A Games themselves, though done so with heavy input from Glukhovsky, who also wrote all of the dialogue for it, alongside a brief outline of the story.First up, for owners of the original Metro: Last Light, is the Redux worth it? Since the graphics were already better in 2013, the striking difference between the original and the Redux is not felt as profoundly as the striking differences between the 2010 version of Metro 2033 and its subsequent Redux. That's not to say that the game isn't beautiful, because it is. The engine is also a lot smoother, and gameplay is definitely more fluid. However, I wouldn't say pay full price for it if you own the original release; if you do grab it, get it on one of its frequent $5 sales. If you're new to the series, read on.Metro 2033 had two endings, and depending on where your hidden karma meter landed you, you either got the good or bad one. The bad ending for Last Light's older brother, wherein Artyom ends up bombing the Dark Ones and eviscerating them with missiles, was chosen to be cannon, and this title picks up one year after that fateful event. Main protagonist Artyom has been promoted to a Ranger, and his crew have since occupied the D6 military facility that he discovered in the first game. Due to the mysterious and legendary status of the D6 bunker, rumors of it housing great riches spread throughout the metro, and rival factions have set out to seize the area for themselves. Though that isn't the sole basis of Metro: Last Light, Artyom soon discovers that one Dark One has survived the barrage of explosive devastation that was meant to kill them all.If you played the first installment in the series, you'll already know what to expect with Metro: Last Light Redux; as stated previously, the engines are the same, as are the mechanics. To its credit, it does feel like a direct continuation of the first game in every sense. However, while the senior title focused more on a guns-blazing approach, this release really centers around stealth, especially in the beginning. There's also more of a focus on the horror elements, rather than survival mechanics. The 30 levels across its 13-15 hour campaign are also a lot more linear, and despite having more missions, it has fewer collectibles and a lot less attention to detail in regard to background chatter and NPCs. The first half of Last Light is rather uneventful, which may turn off some players, but where it shines are within its segments where Artyom is completely alone. There are some really memorable moments here, and if you're patient they will eventually come.To its discredit, Metro: Last Light Redux ends up leaving the series feeling exhausted once you've reached the end of its long campaign, especially if you're continuing onward right after playing Metro 2033. Though the developer wanted a direct sequel, literally nothing within the gameplay itself has changed, there are only a few new creatures to contend with, and a couple of new weapons. The linear progression and lack of NPC immersion that was present in the first game also really holds this follow-up back.This Redux does include all of the DLC that was previously released, which includes the Developer level that's like a mini-museum for the game, Anna, Kahn, and Pavel specific missions that are mini-stories, the Spider Tunnels mission where you must traverse a deep dark dungeon alone and weaponless, the scavenger level Kshatriya where you fetch specific items from around a map, and the Tower which is a wave-based survival/shooter challenge. This content alone lasts for a good 3-5 hours, depending on your skill level, and the character specific mini-stories are some of the best content that Metro: Last Light Redux has to offer.When it boils right down to it, Metro: Last Light Redux is a good game, but it's nowhere close to being as fantastic as Metro 2033. It's missing far too much of the immersion that was primarily given from listening to NPCs banter, and the story does take a while to pick up; the soundtrack and ambiance are also lacking. It's very easy to tell that it's a direct sequel to its predecessor, which is what the developer intended, but it also feels like a reskinned Metro 2033 game since nothing really has changed; if it weren't for its immense length, it would've been better off released as DLC. If you do grab this one, do so on sale and play a game or two in between the first installment and this title.Rating:4.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,287390,18941205,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,EVILKILLER,Highly recomended! One of the best FPS I've played. Love the story. Since Steam is offering you to play this game with Controller and link then go a head and USE it. The best in the middle of the night.P.S.I thought that no video game would never make me scare but I was wrong about this one. Once I entered in a room full with ghosts I didn't wanted to leave it and stay in the corner with face directed to the wall
,Recommended,287390,12414812,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,シナイダ,"One of the most intense games I've ever played. It can feel like it's railroading you into setpieces a lot of the time, but when it gives an hour or more of uninterrupted gunplay... god damn.When you play this game on Hard mode,♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real, real fast. I had to try to keep my flashlight on 5 different giant spiders simultaneously to keep them away, as they tried to close in around me. I had to sprint across an entire wasteland segment because I had only one minute of filter on my gas mask, and kill a boss while my guy was gasping for air, about to pass out. I had to fight off a horde of rampaging dickwolves with only 10 rounds in an assault rifle and 4 shells in my quadruple barreled shotgun. Then I had to fight the boss that came right after that, with only a knife.This game has some memorable moments for sure."
,Recommended,287390,29915053,Posted: 13 February,all,Asian Persuasion,"MUST BUYBest £4.99 I ever spent, bought the Metro Redux Bundle, Loved both games.10/10 Perfect game, has gotten me to buy the books (enjoying reading the first book so far).PLAY METRO 2033 FIRST!If you don't play the first game you will regret it,  you will be very lost in the story.THERE ARE 2 ENDINGS, Good and Bad (for both games) and Last light picks back up a year after the events of the Metro 2033 game, bad ending.I do recommend you get both endings, I personally would just play the game how you like first, no spoilers then afterwards look at a guide for the good ending (unless you got that first) then play again.ALSO after completing the game you can go to chapters, then NEW MISSIONS, you can play as some of the characters in the story and some randoms.10 hours of gameplay, I HIGHLY recommend using stealth but you don't have to.I played the 1st and 2nd game on Normal, Ranger difficulties, Normal for a survival aspect of the game, and Ranger for immersion and that extra intense challenge.All I can say now is... Have fun!EDIT:Where did Ulman's jokes go? D:, I remember him saying jokes all the ♥♥♥♥ing time in Metro 2033, even after SOMEONE DIES, was funny still :3.EDIT 2: I rated this 10/10, BUT thats just my opinion... I do exclude bugs and crashes, why? Because it wouldn't be Metro without a good crash and bug :3."
,Recommended,287390,12795566,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Smurf3J,"It's a very good game. I previously owned the original Metro Last Light on my other account.But when i saw Redux bundle, i just had to get it.So what are the differences between normal Last Light and Last Light Redux?Well,,,,,,,Redux have all the DLC for Metro.Easier & Fewer achievments ( I currently completed everyone today. )Graphical wise, it's really no difference only DLC and Achievments.Do i recommend this product?Well if you already have the original Last Light, i would maybe not bother to buy this product but if you don't, then buy this one for sure!"
,Recommended,287390,30896616,Posted: 2 April,all,Sam.350,One of a kind experience! Its like the developers designed the game based on my nightmares..
,Recommended,287390,20722749,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Briddie,"Metro: Last Light ReduxThis review may containspoilers, continue reading at your own riskThe 'Metro' games are excellent. They are based off the popular post apocalyptic fiction book by Dmitri Glukhovsky. Metro Last Light does not follow the story line in the book, instead it is a direct sequel to Metro 2033 (the game and book). Metro LL (last light) is a game I believe everyone should try.GraphicsIf you have heard of this game, which you probably have, it is not unknown that this game is visually outstanding. On my GTX 970 I had the game maxed out with a high framerate, well the majority of the time. Entering the mission often made my frames drop but thats too be expected with this game. The attention to detail is phenomenal, every part of the Metro has been carefully engineered with precision to create the look of a worn and dying civilization. This attention to detail creates an immersive and atmospheric game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=607229675GameplayJust like the original game Metro 2033, Metro: Last Light is played from the perspective of Artyom, your player character. The story takes place in post-apocalyptic Moscow, mostly inside the metro system, but occasionally missions bring you above ground.As a first person shooter, the gunplay has to be perfect if the developers wish for success, they have got it right. There is a small selection of weapons, which was suprising, but the customisation compensates for that. Who needs a sniper when you can find a revolver and add an IR sight and a stock; even a suppressor for you stealth fanatics.The games plot is excellent. The Metro is very atmospheric and immersive thanks too the excellent graphics, the slow paced solo guitar music and the excellent plot. I won't go into detail as I don't want to ruin the stroy for anyone who hasn't had the pleasure of experiencing the Metro games. Essentially you, Artyom, wipe out the Dark Ones with a plethora of nuclear bombs- or so you thought. Intense radiation plagues the streets; which has caused mutation in many species turning them violent, untamable and monstrous.On the way you meet people , meet the civilizations (Hanza, Reich, The Order) and have a great time. There is a sexual nature to some of the scenes so do take that into account. The game does seem to throw enemies at you sometimes which to me could be the downfall of the gameplay.Music/SFX/Voice Actinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQg2RZ7Bd7gThe music is good in this game, as of now I don't have a good headset so the audio isn't of a good quality; but the music and sounds in this game were great. One of my weaknesses in games is that I somehow block out music and it tends not to register in my mind, or my brain disregards it- but I have listened to the starting music multiple times and it creates an aura of atmopshere, a post apocalyptic atmopshere. As you listen you can imagine the sadness in the citizens of the Metro, its played by one person- with a guitar ,I'm not sure which type. He is playing slow notes in a memorable tune which masterfully creates atmopshere.The gunshots in this game sound on par with modern military games which is great, the sounds of the beast are definately threatening and after you encounter one, you are always weary of hearing a battlecry of the beasts.As this game is set in Russia, they had to find talented voice actors that could speak English with a Russian accent, they did a good job overall, although some of the charcters were clearly faking the accent which at some point sucked me out of the immersive grip that the Graphics and Gameplay had on me.ConclusionOverall this game is a must play from me, works great on PC with keyboard and mouse, and I'm guessing a contoller would work well too. The game has great gunplay and a stellar story line, which can be let down by the feeling that the game throws hordes of enemies at you for nothing else than to make you have more gametime. The music and SFX are good but the voice acting feels lacking for some but most characters are excellently voice acted.This game gets a :9/10If you liked my first review please send me a friend request if you are interested and also comment on this review how I can improve my reviewing skills. Thanks for taking your time to read this."
,Recommended,287390,29229395,Posted: 13 January,all,Rufio,"I own a lot of games and I only do reviews if a game is worth recommending or is worth putting on the dirt.I hate post-apocalyptic games. I hated Fallout, played it for 1 hours before getting bored and requesting for a refund. Not because it was a terrible game but because post apocalyptic games actually bore me to death. Anyway, this isn't about Fallout. I saw a great deal on this game and decided to just go ahead and buy it. Probably was one of the best decisions I gave in a while. This game has it's scary moments, has it's creepy moments and hard difficulties are a REAL challenge. It still looks amazing to this day and it's pretty well optimized. First question that might come to your head; ""Do I have to play Metro 2033 to understand this game?"" No. You don't have to play Metro 2033, I didn't play it and I still could understand the story perfectly fine(though I will definitely play 2033) This game has it's intense moments, running away from mutants because you will run out of ammo if you try and fight them, stepping on a swamp and then wiping your air mask's eye protector, your air mask also can be broken during fights and you'll need to switch to a fresh air mask every once in a while. Gameplay was freaking awesome, escaping from disgusting beasts while trying to find air filters in order not to suffocate, damn was it intense. Nearly EVERYONE in small campsites have their own tales to tell, some of which are really heart breaking to say the least. The story is really intense as well, it just makes you want to play more and more. There are several ways to play the game which is great to say the least, stealth, sneaking by, killing everyone on the way. I did stealth when I felt like it, killed everyone on the way when I felt like it, could never sneak by though. The atmosphere is seriously amazing as well, it immerses you into the Metro universe. This game is probably post apocalyptic games done right."
,Recommended,287390,33163847,Posted: 2 July,all,Mano Kelpo,-you can kill mutants-you can kill nazists-you can kill ♥♥♥♥ing communistsanything better?10/10
76561198034740265,Recommended,287390,25206899,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bizarro lexilogo,"Absolutely bloody amazing. This review will serve as both a review of 2033's Redux and Last Light's Redux as they're rather similar games, and because my reviews are always extremely inconsistent this one'll be addressing criticisms these games have had.-The morality system: Actually? These games have some of the best morality systems I've seen in a game period. For the average player it'd be easy to mistake it for a Dishonored type of deal but there are actually significant differences. The way it works is that you get ""Points"" for doing certain actions or so on, (You're not told when you get a point but there is an audio/visual cue. The system is also never explained at any point which is also a nice touch) BUT unlike games like Dishonored it's not almost entirely determined by your bodycount. Acting out of character, shooting the corpses of your former friends, and ecetera makes you lose points, while paying attention to conversations, not killing people, but primarily exploring earns you points. Note that exploring is the primary source of points- You can play both of these games as a stone-cold soldier and still get the good endings, because you explored your environment and made the right decisions/had the right reactions to situations. Not to mention that neither of these games are designed for 100% nonlethal in mind- Not only can you go as lethal as you want on mutants, but there are also several segments of the game where you killing is perfectly acceptable. If you only kill when you need to you won't lose an opportunity to earn a single point, if you kill across the course of the entire game you still won't lose many points. Oh yeah- And the ""Bad"" endings aren't even that bad. 2033's bad ending is canon anyway and Last Light's bad ending is still fairly satisfying- In both bad endings you're still somewhat the good guy, and you still succeed in your missions, one's just a wiser decision than the other.-Gadgets not being usable for nonlethal playstyles: This is a legit criticism for Dishonored but NOT for this game. While fighting mutants it's open season, so you can use that flamethrower all you want- And I'd estimate about 50% of both games involves fighting mutants rather than humans. You get plenty of chances to use all those killing machines in both games regardless of your playstyle.-The three-weapon system: While I still feel like it's restrictive (I think 4's a better number), it's meant to be deliberately restrictive and I can respect that, not to mention that unlike something like Bioshock Infinite there aren't really many specialist weapons- While weapons have strengths and weaknesses all of them are relative all-rounders. The pistols have enough stopping power to function on their own, for example, so using a pistol in one slot is perfectly viable.-Glitches/poor optimisation: My rig ran this game fine with pretty short loading screens and sweet graphics. It's not exactly a god-tier PC either. As for glitches I'd be lying if I said I didn't encounter some but none of them couldn't be solved by restarting from a checkpoint which takes around 15 seconds maximum. Glitches are obviously bad but I encountered one gamebreaking one during my entire two campaigns and when it only needs a 15 second fix there really isn't a problem deserving of an entire negative review.-A bad stealth system: For a game where stealth is more of a throwaway feature rather than a focus I found the stealth level design perfectly fine, bordering on excellent. The stealth system works like Mark of the Ninja does with darkness rendering you almost invisible- My only greivances are with the actual light and enemy's FOV interacting with cover as sometimes those acted a bit weirdly.Anyway, with that stuff out of the way these were both great experiences. As someone going into these games expecting a highly immersive and top-tier singleplayer FPS experience I got exactly what I came for. These games were definitely worth the playthrough and I'll probably give them a few extra in future- There's a lot of secrets I missed and Ranger mode will probably amp everything up to 11."
,Recommended,287390,17285766,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Therellar,"I want to play this game, I really do.But the spiders...OH GOD THE SPIDERS...They come. They always come.They never stop.Always there...Lurking in the shadows...(Jokes aside, this game is pretty good. But the spiders genuinely scare me...)9/10"
76561197975291280,Recommended,287390,29502075,Posted: 26 January,all,ColMustard,I clocked many hours on a less legit version and had to give them my money. That's how good it is.
,Recommended,287390,25729292,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kallus Rourke,"I got into the Metro series a little late, but I've thoroughly enjoyed Last Light.  If I were to paraphrase my experience: frustratingly fun. Last Light feeds into my love for FPS games, as all you're doing is shooting people or creatures. There is an option to knife/melee, but other than that, it's primarily gun play.  The atmosphere of this game is dark, and I don't mean the story.  For the most part, you're playing in some part of the map that is dark and difficult to see.  This element was done to help make the player on edge and ""scared"" of what may be around them.When you start the game, you're given two options which are either the game gives you more ammo and isn't as punishing if you just unload your weapon, or, essentially, hardcore, where ammo is scarce.  Even if you choose the former, ammo is still scarce.  There were a few times where I ran out of ammo and non was around, so had to reload an earlier check point.  Personally, I'm not a fan of this.  I know a lot of people are, but I don't want to spend five-ten minutes just trying to gather supplies.Unfortunately, I made the mistake of playing Last Light first, as I didn't know 2033 was the first game.  It is highly advised to play 2033 first to help you understand the story characters better/  Eventually youkind offigure it out, but you're still left confused about certain characters.  As this is the redux version, we can go back into the story and play from another character's perspective.  This is a fantastic option!  I've not seen many games offer this.There were some parts in the game that I felt weren't helpful and were meant for raging.  It's bad enough when you have an invincible demon in the sky trying to swoop you up, but to make matters worse, there are these water creatures that come out of the water, shoot things at you, and/or just follow you and are invincible.  Oh, and if you go in the water, there's a creature that insta-kills you.  I raged..hard.Gun wise, I felt the developers did a fantastic job differentiating between the guns and accurately depicting their power.  For example, my favorite gun to use was the Revolver.  It packed quite a punch, and was pretty accurate.One element I hadn't been expecting that I enjoyed very much was that we could use our lighter to burn up cobwebs and/or light wall torches. This is probably one of the best mechanics I've seen in a while!  It's not often you see a game which actually has your lighter burning things when you're near/touching them.  Brownie points to the devs!Finally, I took the time to explore this game.  Explore the surroundings, the people.  Today we don't see this as ever happening, impossible, right?  But to imagine it. To imagine that something happens and we're forced underground like they are.  I may be in the minority here, but games like this really make me think about something thatcouldhappen, albeit a very far fetched chance.All in all, and raging aside, I quite enjoyed this game.Positives:Good graphics + animation.Good story + voice acting.Good gunplay.Fantastic job of giving us a little fear element in certain parts of the game.Continued the Metro story very nicely.Full controller support.Nudity ('Cause nudity is always nice. :P)Lighter burns cobwebs and lights torches.Trading cards.Steam achievements.Negatives:Spiders.  Oh lawd did I get so creeped out by the spiders in this game!  You lose those brownie points for that! (I'm kidding, by the way)Certain points in the game felt like the intent was to make you rage.  Certain parts were just difficult and took too long to complete."
,Recommended,287390,33603440,Posted: 17 July,all,changeqe,"Metro Last Light - a Sophisticated ReviewThe definitive Metro experience... yetI had already played Metro 2033 back in 2010 but I could never finish it as my copy was pirated and a game breaking bug prevented me from doing so. Well, as it turns out, Metro 2033 was far worse than I had it in my memories. So, I didn't expect much when I started playing Metro Last Light. Boy, I was in for a pleasant surprise.STORYOnce again you step into Artyom's boots, who has now become a ranger in the Spartan Order after the events of the first game. Khan, a dude that helped you kill the Dark Ones in the first game, shows up and tells you that there is one of them left. A child so-to-speak. He tells you it was a mistake, that the Dark Ones only wanted to help and so on. So now, you set out on a mission to save the last of the Dark Ones. At least that's what you think you'll be doing. But just like in the first game, you embark on a journey in- and outside the Metro while stirring up the sinister plans of the Reds, the Nazis and all of the other scum.Story and characters have improved enormously in comparison to Metro 2033. Now, you as Artyom have a real motivation: a personal vendetta that ties in perfectly with the overall objective to save the Dark One. This time around, the Dark One doesn't get out of focus like in the first game. Instead, it plays a massive role in the second half of the game. I'm not going to tell you anything about that, find out for yourself.  All of the new characters are very interesting and are finally fleshed out. Characters from the last game that show up again however aren't. They're still the dull, boring cutouts of characters.PRESENTATIONIn Metro 2033 it kind of went like this: here's a horror level, here's an action-packed level, here's a sneaking level, here's a level to explore a peaceful station. This time around, the different aspects of the metro: the horror, the disgust, the sparks of hope have been balanced out more properly. Save from the very beginning, you feel way more invested into the story than in Metro 2033, because it has much better flow. It feels more complete, while the first game felt like a collection of short stories, which was due to the writers trying to adapt the novel as accurately as possible.Overall, it feels that the writers managed to overcome the source material and finally started to do their own thing. Metro Last Light isn't as accurate of an adaptation and damn, it feels fresh. Virtual copies of the Metro books also don't show up as frequently as in the previous game. Last but not least, the singleplayer is noticeably longer (Metro 2033: ~7 hours/ Metro Last Light: ~10 hours).GAMEPLAYLess fights inside the Metro, more fights outside the Metro. Damn, that's exactly what I wanted. However, no major changes considering the FPS - typical gameplay. AI hasn't changed much. Once you're noticed, they'll charge at you until they're all dead. A few new weapons, new type of mines, but still almost all weapons feel alike. Get a shotgun, a semi-automatic gun, a revolver, put a silencer on all of them and you're good to go. Which leads me to...The levels have become bigger and more open concerning what you want to do first (because objectives are still very linear). Sadly, Metro Last Light doesn't exactly put this to a good use. It forces you to sneak by everyone (even more so than in the first game), not killing a single person, unless it's a cutscene. Or else you won't get the good ending. Really stupid decision, for a FPS. However, if you don't give a damn about which ending you get (good or bad - they are almost exactly alike save for a narration in the good ending) that's not that bad. Well, it only is, if you want to get all of the achievements.PERFORMANCEMetro Last Light runs noticeably smoother than Metro 2033. Even on my system, I managed to play on high settings without any framedrops whatsoever. It isn't perfect though, there are some chapters where the game will keep crashing for no reason at all if you die only one time. So, either don't die at all or you'll have to restart the chapter.CONCLUSIONMetro Last Light perfectly shows what the developers are aiming for with Metro Exodus. Namely: an open-world  approach (kind of) and more fleshed out characters. Sounds good in theory but if they don't fix the obvious flaws (like the forced sneaking) I don't think I'll be as satisfied as I am now, comparing this game to Metro 2033. So, obviously I hope that Metro Exodus will be an improvement as big as this one.7/10nostalgia didn't play any role. keep it up in metro exodus plz"
76561198060486919,Recommended,287390,23863499,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Daimao,"Game was very immersive and fun to play, you actually feel like you are the one there. IT IS your life in peril.Pros--Made me cry during some intense scenes.-Plot is very good-Mechanics are well thought out.Cons--Made me cry during some intense scenes.OverallIf you are unsure about purchasing then just go straight up and buy the bundle. Great game, 9.5/10."
76561198134175970,Recommended,287390,25341432,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Frost_LK-7T2,"Time to review Metro Last Light Redux  ladies and gentlemen!- What is Metro Redux?Metro Redux is the remastered version of the 2010 Metro 2033 and the 2013 Metro Last Light games!All of these games are based on the AMAZING Metro Book Saga ( Metro 2033 , Metro 2034 and the latest book Metro 2035 )- The StoryIt's the year 2012..the whole world is basically ♥♥♥♥ed up. there was a nuclear war..everything is destroyed! In Russia , 20,000 people survived the nuclear detonation by hiding in the underground Metro System of Moscow. And of course with Nuclear Detionation..usually comes Radiation! Many of the animals of the surface got mutated , and now they're dangerous creatures you will encounter both in metro and on the surface. Also worth mentioning that because of the radiation , you can't breath without a Gas Mask.You play as Artyom , a 21 year old Russian gentlemen ( and Yes , just like the previous game , this game also takes in Russia ) who is a Ranger of the Polis. The Game Basically takes place like a year or a few months after Metro 2033! In this game , you'll learn wich ending was the Real Ending in Metro 2033! i don't want to spoil anything about it! The Story is Awesome.- The GameplayBasically the same gameplay as Metro 2033 Redux ( and the 2014 Metro Last Light game )! just amazing! game has stealth mechanics , but they're never necessary to use ( worth mentioning that these mechanics are really good! ) the game has two play styles : ""Spartan"" and ""Survival""! Spartan focuses on players who prefer guns blazing over stealth! Survival focuses on players who rather stealth when they have to opportunity! amazing mechanics. love it.-The GraphicsSuperb. Amazing. one of the most beautiful games i ever played.enough said.-Positive Things:- Amazing and honorable re-creation of the 2014 Metro last light game.- Amazing Story! its a very nice continouation.- Different Playstyles for different players! play the game in the way YOU want to play it!- Ranger Hardcore ( its now actually included for free ;D )- SUPERB graphics!- Pavel.- Multiple Ending..and both endings are amazing! loved it!- *IMPORTANT* Also worth mentioning that every DLC for 2014 Metro Last Light IS INCLUDED in the redux version- DLCs are fun little adventures! Loved the part where i could play with Anna!- Negative Things:- NoneFinal Verdict: 10/10! if you loved Metro 2033 Redux , or just the original..go buy it ASAP! i bought the Metro Redux Bundle here on steam , for full price..and you know what!? was 100% worth it."
,Recommended,287390,11869098,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,OneBlurredEdge,"My experienced so far - 9/10Ep#1 video can be found hereI'm glad they made the re-release. It's a bummer I had to pay for it again - but from what I understand there's an added 10 hours of single player game play that was DLC on the previous one...""This definitive version also includes all previously released DLC, adding 10 hours of bonus single-player content to the huge solo campaign. Fans of the original game will notice new features and gameplay improvements, including new melee animations, the ability to check your watch and ammo supplies on the fly, and new full-body player animations.""PLUS if you had the previous version you also got 50% off pre-order. Worth it to me - up to you if you want to check it out for yourself. It became available as of am 8/26/14.I have Metro: Last Light and then bought the Redux version.  Here's what I can say 20 minutes into the game - same story line as Metro Last Light (obv) but the experience has been better for me.For my computer specs I'm using a:-R9 290 GPU-AMD FX 9370 4.4GHz CPU-16GB GSKILL RAM-480Solid State Hard Drive-was 1000w PSU now 750w PSU-Asus CrosshairV mobo- Win 8.1 (and now win 9 coming late 2014...?!?!)When I payed the prior release I was having such a bad time due to screen flickers. I played with the graphics options but even the pre-buffered intro screen was choppy.UPDATE: So I did have issues launching the game during my second play - why it worked like a dream the first time and then the second time I had to force let it start in a really low resolution is beyond me. Once I was able to launch the game I cranked up the settings again - but still not sure if that was something going on with my pc or the game... hope this was a one time issue.Ep #2 can be found here.UPDATE: The following time I played was after a couple patch updates and I've had no problems since.Ep #3 can be found here."
,Recommended,287390,26825693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raul,10/10
,Recommended,287390,30638600,Posted: 20 March,all,s3ppuked,Damn the feelings at the end :((((((((
76561198231060272,Recommended,287390,28083061,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,exNvP,"What can i say about this game? It's freaking awesome. Poor Artyom, a man who just wanted to right his wrongs and try to make his current world better. His biggest regret is forgetting his mother's face.﻿"
,Recommended,287390,31034657,Posted: 9 April,all,blessthefall,"I have played the original Metro Last Light game at it’s release. Between that one and this one there is little noticeable difference, just that Redux has all the DLC already included. The story is even better than in the first game. The gameplay is also better. You now get to drive a train car. Much more action, the AI is better.Now, the cons. Metro Last Light it’s an awesome experience, but it can be ruined if you experience motion sickness.The FOV is extremely low, which might cause motion sickness. It can be changed from the game files. Also, in the outside areas, sometimes the screen is crowded with all kinds of elements like dirt, water or the red bars if you are damaged. This made it barely possible for me to actually see. Same issues with darker areas."
,Recommended,287390,27427850,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♊[2LEK`S]™Swegesk00pz,Эта серия игры очень хорошая как и серия СТАЛКЕР
,Recommended,287390,12018125,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"SURVEY AS TO WHETHER YOU SHOULD BUY METRO: LAST LIGHT REDUX1: Do you have Metro: Last Light with all DLC already?A: Yes!B: No, no no no. No. Definitely not. I checked in my video game bag.If A: Don't bother. This is just a remaster for a year old game. It comes with some new features that aren't really going to affect your experience. As a matter of fact, it actually adds bugs. The intro movie bug struck again, which freezes my game until I have to replace the movie file with a blank renamed .txt. A couple of times I got caught in the Metro's geometry. The Metro ate me whole. Stick that in your ♥♥♥♥ing air mask and breathe it in.If B: Yes, you should, because this is a complete edition, and Metro: Last Light is pretty good. This is the only Last Light related thing to buy for the complete experience."
,Recommended,287390,30440329,Posted: 10 March,all,Spencer,*hardbass playing* *swamp noises* *spoons rattling*
,Recommended,287390,28840541,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rain7x,"This is the 2nd best game in my library, only second to the First one, Metro 2033. The immersion this game creates is one that brings all of the great elements of horror: Mystery, Paranoia, and Straight fear. Everywhere you go you are constatnly looking behind you into the pitch blackness of a tunnel that you just crawled through, only to see blackness slowly creeping towards you.9.9/10"
,Recommended,287390,26583110,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sermike,"Metro Last Night Redux:Gameplay:Gunfights felt pretty smooth and killing enemies felt rewarding.Killing enemies wasn't a problem either as they would need the classic 3 body shots or 1 headshot to die.Finding Ammo and Filters makes the Game more demanding and actually throws you im that survival feeling.The Game did not feell repetitive at all as most of the mission were different.Game has Stealth elements too which is always a plus. (9/10)Story:There will be no Spoilers, no worries.The characters are very memorable. Voiceacting is nice too. The Game really makes you feel as if youre in that universe which is in my opinion the best criteria. The Game has multiple endings and mindblowing changes which makes it a great story. (10/10) Solid 12 to 16 Hours of Gameplay.Graphics:The Game has amazing visuals even by todays standards. The Russia postnuclear outside world and the rotten umderground cities and piers are amazing adding the great music and the great socialazation of the NPCs plus the great physics i have nothing bad to say except the animation of the faces are sometimes weird (in my opinion)(9/10)Performance:Runs Ok on my Cheap Laptop (Intel i5 5200u Intel hd 5500).Runs Great on my 760 and 1070 so an average Rig won't have any Problemos.Price:The Game is ♥♥♥♥ing cheap on sale get itIf you love postnuclear stuff and deep stories buy it."
76561198318131536,Recommended,287390,34796629,Posted: 7 September,all,秋风萧瑟请听吾言,"Forgive for my poor English anyway( •̀∀•́ )The most fantastic that I ever played.When I bought it I thought it's just a gun shooting game like CODs. But when I finished the two games l was really moved, and shocked. This feeling is different from other games I've played: in other games I feel mostly excited,but in the metro's world,my mind got shaked!(well, Ireally don't know how to express my feeling in English…) I mean, it's like a movie or a autobiographical novel,and you can really learn sth from it,about friendship, prey,fate,etcTo tell the truth, when I finish metro last light and got a nomal ending, I burst into tears and cannot get into my dream.metro redux: it beats my soul!"
,Recommended,287390,33147666,Posted: 2 July,all,beema,"Last Light is 4A Games' follow-up to the also excellent, but not as polished, Metro 2033. If you've played that, then you mostly know what you are in for. Being able to step back in to the world they have created is in itself a treat. Although the narrative structure and level designs are very linear, it shares much in tone and atmosphere with its Ukrainian sister series STALKER (and, arguably, takes place in the same universe). It's one of very few games to replicate STALKER's truly immersive environment and oppressive post-apocalyptic world, where you never really feel safe. Despite not being able to explore much outside the bounds of the level path, the world feels organic, living, breathing, and full. For once, antagonistic wildlife in a game actually feels like wildlife, instead of just more enemies thrown at you. Creatures run in packs, scavenge remains, and keep to themselves unless you step in to their territory (which often can't be avoided, or is offered up as a risk/reward for loot areas). This world is showcased via some absolutely gorgeous graphical work, which also performs very well in spite of its high fidelity (at least, in the Redux version, which includes graphical tweaks and updates). Adding to the immersion is its wonderfully minimalist HUD, most parts of which are integrated organically in to the game world.The story and characters aren’t particularly deep or original, but its method of delivery, and the content and message at its core manage to make it compelling none the less. You’ve no doubt seen other fictional works about war that cover similar thematic territory, but  this game’s unique presentation makes revisiting those ideas a very worthwhile endeavor.  The world of the game may be bleak and cruel, but there are always bits of earnest humanity that manage to shine through.  There are a couple binary moral player-choice moments baked in to the narrative, but aside from those most of the game operates in a moral grey area that doesn’t seek to beat you over the head with a “right” point of view. This isn’t unique to Ukrainian games, but it feels much less prevalent in western games, which can often come off as preachy, or undercut their moral outlook with things like tone-deaf jingoism or sappiness.  The only real complaint I might offer up in this category is that nearly all of the women characters are sex objects, and even the one that isn’t eventually turns in to a cliché romantic story beat. This is a problem a great deal of games and media in general suffers from, though, so I’m not going to dwell on it here.The gameplay experience is a harsh and unforgiving one (particularly on the more difficult Ranger or Spartan modes), in fitting with the game’s world. You will die a lot. This can be viewed as favorably adding to the immersion, but unfortunately it also leads to multiple instances of trial & error gameplay, where you must repeat a section until you finally intuit what the game wants you to do (or give up and watch a guide video). In several instances, mechanics that the player has not been introduced to, will be sporadically inserted in to the game and then never seen again.  In addition to this frustration, the autosave system can sometimes leave you stranded in a seemingly impossible situation (eg, you’ve run out of gas mask filters for an outdoor area). Because the levels are so linear, almost to a fault (with several environmental cut-off points in each mission), this generally means no backtracking for missed items. The occurrence of these design “faults,” be they intentional or not, are not so frequent as to detract from the game as a whole, however.So yes, it’s a bit buggy, a bit rough around the edges, and most certainly not for everybody. But the experience of this game as a whole is so rewarding in many ways that it will remain among my absolute favorites of the genre."
76561198128085739,Recommended,287390,22819772,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Squidasaurus Rex,I've had this game since last years summer sale. And I've only beat it once. I love the game to death trying to get back into it. but this one reason that keeps holding me back from playing it is it keepings crashing and freezing and its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME THE ♥♥♥♥ OFF. But besides that great atmoshpere great story and great gameplay and great shooting mechanics. The AI is a little ♥♥♥♥ed and of course just like every game you have to do everything yourself. I've enjoyed and I plan on putting more time into this game to make it worth while.
76561198009422194,Recommended,287390,11939539,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Death Assured,"At first I thought I wasn’t going to like Last Light considering I didn’t finish 2033, after about 20 minutes into the game I was hooked, I couldn’t stop playing it. The immersion this game brings is quite incredible, the sound track, and especially the stunning graphics which the redux version is very well optimized. The story in my opinion was very well thought out and overall fantastic.  If you have the money, this game is definitely worth the price, buy the redux and not the originally version but that is just my opinion. 9/10"
76561198020018811,Recommended,287390,24630598,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mungo1,"The first time I ran this game I was blown away. The story, graphics and the atmosphere are really good,better than in most of nowadays FPS. And if you like stalker-like games, then you gotta have this. You change filter of your gas mask, you clean your mask of blood,mud and other stuff and it looks cool. You burn the spider nest with your lighter, you charge your flashlight, you loot enemies... There is a lot to do, as a survival horror, it is a very decent game,especially with the Ranger mod on, which makes the game even more realistic. But the game has some cons,too. There are many invisible walls, impassable areas and strict scripts. The action in this game is not fast paced, but it isn´t bad in my opininon, because  there's a lot of  stealth and the game isn't meant to be a slaughter like other FPS. On higher difficulties, it is very demanding and you need to use some tactics and think about it a bit, unlike COD or something like that. The game is a must have for stalker fans, and a very decent fun for others. 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,26937110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sigma3,Better than the first one -- something I thought impossible...
76561198099351039,Recommended,287390,30701642,Posted: 24 March,all,tofig.atakishiyev,"Really liked the stealth parts, and the variations of endings."
,Recommended,287390,17659646,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Beikenbarch,"Всё тот-же Метро Луч надежды только версия Redux сделала графику круче, а так что сюжет что геймплей что музыка всё та же как и в оригинале. Рассказывать нечего, игра хороша и так + улучшенная графика, поэтому слов нет игра отличная, советую."
,Recommended,287390,26689730,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DeathWantsMore,"This game is an improvement over 2033 in my opinion, although it's not based on the book and it appears to be just a freestyle expansion for vanilla.Good things:Mandatory - Graphics.Main campaign is pretty diverse and consistent.Story is on par or even better than in 2033 (I bet not many people would dare to say this but still...).Very atmospheric.Good level design.Game balanced around RH-difficulty rather well, provides decent challenge. Probably due to increased number of ""tough"" encounters.Optional stealth elements.Optimized well.Bad things:Clunky animations. While it's ""okay"" regarding human enemies for the most part, monsters feels very plastic with their unnatural movements and habits to stuck in ridiculous poses here and there.Arsenal. They added a few new guns to LL but the problem is that most of them serve exactly the same purpose and work almost identically while taking away cool stuff like Flamethrower and Rail Gun (you can use those in DLC, but... Ugh, talks about DLC later).Faulty AI. Sometimes human enemies have no clue how to use cover or work together, I guess difficulty level balances it up.Boss monsters. The problem is that they are all the same. You'll be using the same strategy for every one of them: place a mine, dodge their charge move, shoot their @ss, repeat. On RH-difficulty they're going down very fast, fights with them are boring without any kind of tension and not memorable at all.And I want to talk about DLC specifically. DLC (which consists only in a form of side missions) in this game is surprisingly bad.While there were a couple of interesting ones - most of them are super short, like 10-15 minutes long, some of them are incredibly unbalanced towards RH-difficulty (basically you'll have to be 95% accurate with those headshots to win, there's little to no margin for error) and way too many reused maps from LL/2033. The only good thing is that all those are included for free in Redux version, I really can't see myself spending extra on such a low level content. I'd recommend spending time on it only if you're a huge Metro fan and can't get enough of it.Despite the cons core campaign provides a very unique experience in this genre and is definitely recommended to play."
,Recommended,287390,16623550,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,nitro912gr the Tryhard,"Amazing game, metro 2033 (both the book and the game) left me unsaticfied about the end and last light close the story very well.Also while 2033 had some creepy moments, last light gave me the chill many more times and also made me feel bad and sad about humanity (in the game), the immersion is just great (just don't dare play with the lights on, you will ruin it).Also you can go stealth if you want, many times I avoided combat just by hidding or killed the enemies with knives before they see me."
,Recommended,287390,23855472,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Supposed to be an improved version of Metro: Last Light... if the developer was visually speaking, I didn't notice much difference between the standard and this Redux edition.Just like the standard, this Redux edition supports 21:9 ratio and 1440p resolution!I replayed parts of the game, just to see how different and good the improvements were compared to the original version.The main appeal I would say is the Redux edition adds all DLC with the game, where the standard isn't!If you loved Metro 2033 (Redux or not), you should get this fine sequel!"
,Recommended,287390,28873544,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mamsie,"Great atmosphere, graphics, gameplay and story!Perfect game 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,23602797,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jimba,"This game is an absolute must-have. It is 20 dollars when it is really worth 60. If you do not have Metro 2033 Redux, you can buy the bundle and save 5 dollars on each game, a huge steal. There is absolutely no reason why you shouldn't own this game or 2033 Redux. This is the definition of a great sequel and improves heavily on Metro 2033 if you have played that already. There are a few errors and glitches, and the gameplay can become slightly repetitive if you do not change up your tactics every now and then, but these are minor issues and everything else about the game makes up for it. There is about 13.5 hours of gameplay if you plan on only playing it once, and that is if you only die once or twice. That does not include all of the gameplay from the DLC missions from Last Light, which are all included in Last Light Redux. I have not played the DLC missions yet and will update my review when I do. For 20 dollars this is a really good deal even if you don't plan on revisiting it later. You'd be crazy not to get this game, I know I already said this a thousand times but there is really no reason for you not to play it. If you enjoy survival horror and action along with a great story, you need to play this game. It will NOT disappoint you. 10/10"
76561198015939568,Recommended,287390,29583958,Posted: 30 January,all,Bobzzo,"The Metro series are just another perfect example that if you put a descent book into descent developers hands - you may end with a another masterpiece game (like the Witcher trilogy).Overall this is one of the best (if not the best) story driven linear FPS, although achieving the ""happy ending"" is not that easy :). In terms of graphics , sound, voice, gameplay, stability, performance - everything's just perfect.IN SHORT:Read the books (Metro 2033/2034/2035)Play the games.In that order.10/10"
76561198121775141,Recommended,287390,32963842,Posted: 28 June,all,Freejek38,(Play Style: Survival; Difficult: Ranger)Gameplay is the same of Metro 2033.Plot is not better than Metro 2033's one and It is more difficult than Metro 2033.8.5/10
76561198153921576,Recommended,287390,25505839,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,tmills196966,I been playing DOOM and WOLFENSTEIN games for the 90's atill now...BUT NOW METRO and METRO LAST LIGHT REDUX is THE BEST FPS i played in a long time...i give it a 9.5 out of 10
76561198056000019,Recommended,287390,17264622,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,bulletcluster,spent all my MGRs on drinks and dancesbest private dance scene in-game:-)
,Recommended,287390,28922025,Posted: 1 January,all,The Window Guy™,"It was a good second part for Metro 2033. In the series I realised made a bad choice of the ending and regret everything, like all my gameplay was pointless. Apparently I got bad ending in this one too. After google'ing why, because I spared most of the lives, accidently killed one I found out I was partying too much, drinking and played too much stealthy ninja assassin. Very good game still, recommending."
,Recommended,287390,31307603,Posted: 22 April,all,Rusty,"ARACHNOPHOBES BEWAREAn atmospheric FPS set in a post-apocalyptic Russian underground. Metro: Last Light is fairly linear, but is filled with scripted moments and set pieces that are genuinely creepy and occasionally heart-warming.The combat and stealth mechanics are also much improved on the previous game, although fighting certain monsters is still a pain. The game does suffer from some poor A.I and a lifeless main character, as well as some poor objective markers.(my first impressions video)https://youtu.be/lbyaSiR8ZQYLast Light can also look gorgeous at times, especially when you venture above ground. Highly recommended for those who like atmospheric, story driven FPS’ (Half-Life 2, Bioshock etc)."
,Recommended,287390,23216190,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Untold,"Metro Last Light is as solid of a game as is its predecessor. The messages in the game are powerful. The gunplay is refined, the survival gameplay feels realistic, the enemies are interesting, and there were some action scenes (such as the Final Fight) that were extraordinarily well-done. The coolest part of the game, though, is the world that it creates. The Metro truly does feel like a real world as you walk around in it; it feels lived-in, and what an underground civilization would actually look like. You can meet Russian Nazis, Reds, and heroes from the last game, discovering that the Metro is in a three-way war. You can travel to Metro city-states and explore them, and that was super cool. Also, if you want a challenge, this game will fulfill your needs. While the difficulty and survival can be a pain sometimes, I recommend that you play this game!"
,Recommended,287390,34631589,Posted: 31 August,all,Ayumi,"Metro Last Light (a sequel to Metro 2033) it's one of my favorite post-apocalyptic games ; the story goes like this: you play as a ranger called Artyom living in Moscow's metro system (after a nuclear war ) along with many other people that found refuge here.You are suppose to find the creature called ""the dark one "" but before completing your task ; you get captured by the Reich ; and so your advanture in the metro begins needing to fight different factions and mutated monstersThe game by itself looks so pretty in special if you are a fan of post-apocalyptic gamesOver all i really enjoyed this game and the special missions as well:Story 9/10 (there are 2 different endings )Characters: 10/10Graphics: 8/10Gameplay 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,21795024,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bipolar Polar Bear,Never played Metro 2033 yet but this game has a very intriguing story line especially the ending...7/10 would die to demons over and over again
,Recommended,287390,22920390,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,nerrd,"This game is the best story line game I've played so far. The story keeps you wanting to keep playing and wants you to stay up all night. The game has a horror feeling to it at some parts and will make you not want to move on, even though you have to. If you hate spiders, play this game, you'll hate them even more. If you like twists, get this game. Overall I 100% recommend getting this game. For me, I ran the game with ease. Pure 60 fps. (At the time I had a i5 4690k, 16gb ram, and GTX 960). This game is a rough game to run but looks amazing in the end. (I also no lifed it and beat it in 7.9 hours)!"
76561198068064972,Recommended,287390,22905559,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,UberNoob,"This game is an amazing experience from start to finish. I especially love the atmosphere that Metro games generate: from the sounds to the meticulously crafted environment. If you have the machine to run this game on maxed out settings, then get ready to be blown away by some of the most impressive visuals ever. All of these features really gets you immersed in the game world, which is approriate for the nature of this game.Although you can play this game in run and gun mode, I highly suggest you choose the more difficult modes that make it harder to find ammo and so on. This makes the game more tense as you will have to constantly be on the look-out for threats and supply. One time, I had to use up all my bullets, grenades, mines, and throwing knives to kill this one particularly tough mutant (I killed it with my last throwing knife!).  The relief you get when you find a safe zone or friendly character after each journey or life-threatening situation is nothing short of impressive. Safe zones are generally places in the game where you can relax after a tough fire-fight or a heart-pounding escape from mutant hordes. There you can upgrade and trade your gear, participate in events, and meet new characters.The story picks up from where Metro 2033 ended and introduces new goals and twists that will make you question the nature of human morality. Metro: Last Light does suffer from some bugs and glitches more than the previous game in my experience, but I have not ran into anything game-breaking.Overall, Metro: Last Light Redux is a very well made title with many things you would expect from a good post-apocalyptic FPS. It's got impressive set pieces and audio to keep you immersed, tense combat that keeps you alert, and a well written story that makes it a worthy sequel to its also excellent predecessor."
76561198025093178,Recommended,287390,22901019,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ihKu47,"An overall improvement on Metro 2033: A more gripping plot that involves the major factions in the Metro, even more beautiful and interesting locales and improved pacing with boss type encounters. Only thing I'd substract points for is the awkward nudity that adds nothing to the story and a glued in romantic infatuation that wasn't really needed in any shape or form - least of all in relation to a very annoying new character you luckily endure only brief moments of time. The thing is, if you haven't played Metro 2033 you are not significantly invested in what happen in Metro Last Light.Heartily recommended for postapocalypse aficianados but mainly if you get the first game as well - which you is only a decent shooter if you're not into the setting."
,Recommended,287390,16764052,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,McquacK (not dead),"Alongside, Tomb Raider, The Last Of Us, The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds, and Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, This has to be one of the greatest games of 2013! The game looks amazing as hell but the linearity of some of the levels can be a little bit on the falling flat side of things. The voice acting can sound a little awkward at times but that won't bother you. I would recommend playing this game in the gamemode survival rather than spartan, because then you can feel truly immersed. Now, the difficulty I would put on the highest, you know for immersion! But I didn't like the buisiness practices with ranger mode and the pre-ordering. But talking about the amount of immersion in this game is that the reloading animations are so accurate compared to other games. I also like that you have to put a mask on everytime you go out of the metro and if dirty things come on the gas mask, you can wipe it off. I also like the watch. When you are being detected by enemies, the watch screen will go black. When not detected, it will become blue.Now, that is where I jump into the stealth addition of Last Light. The stealth is and cover is fairly decent and you can take out enemies non lethally, or lethally depending on what you want. But you have to watch out if the enemies don't wake up. I also like that surpressed guns are not always quiet and people will feel like they've heard something out of the ordinary. But the stealth players are only really for the people who are playing on survival on a hard difficulty. Basically I just trying to tell you that this game was not made for a ""going in guns blazing"" type of game. The story is also fairly decent and sometimes I feel like the metro train track sequences can feel a bit too much like a rail shooter which not everyone will feel totally okay with. Is this game as good or better than Metro 2033? Maybe not but it's a subjective topic. Totally recommend it... 7.8/10"
76561198120240796,Recommended,287390,28333602,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ANII,best game i recommend you to try it great story
,Recommended,287390,17210614,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,💀 La Smarka 💀,"If you haven't played Metro 2033 Redux, I would highly recommend playing that first.I'm sure Metro 2033 will do just fine in terms of helping you understand the story, but I can't recommend it as I've never played it. However, I have played Metro 2033 Redux and it's an incredible game.Story:The game takes place one year after the events of Metro 2033. The story continues from the canonical ending, better known as the “bad ending” of 2033. You resume the role of Artyom as he is now a Ranger. After launching the missles and seemingly wiping out the Dark Ones, Artyom's remorse for his actions have led him to having chronic nightmares. But when Khan informs Artyom that he has discovered a surviving Dark One in the Botanical Gardens, there may be one last hope for redemption and the future of humanity. Meanwhile, when word gets out that The Rangers have occupied D6, rival factions gear up to take control of the facility and it's supplies for themselves.Gameplay:The gameplay in this is amazing. The game switches back and forth between stealth and heavy shooting. It keeps the game fresh and it never feels dull. On some levels you'll be turning lamps out, hiding in the darkness and knocking out soldiers as you quietly try to complete your objective. On other levels, you'll be surrounded by a swarm of mutants as you blast away with your shotgun. Once again, on the stealth levels, stealth isn't mandatory but it's certainly advised and much more fun. But if you absolutely hate stealth, you can blast your way through everyone so long as you aren't playing on a hard difficulty. Just like in 2033 Redux, there are several types of mutants from nosalis to watchers to the occasional demon among others. And just like in 2033 Redux, you'll come across weapon shops periodically where you can spend your military-grade rounds on guns, upgrades for your guns, ammunition, medkits and more. The moral point system returns in this game. It's one of the only things I don't like about the game. I like the idea of playing a role and choosing between good deeds and bad deeds, but this game seems to arbitrarily give you moral points for random things such as discovering a dead body in a dark corner or exploring the level and finding a secret location. Because of this, it's very easy to get the bad ending in this game, much like it was in Metro 2033.Metro: Last Light Redux includes all of the downloadable content from the original Last Light including the Faction Pack, the Tower Pack, the Developer Pack, the Chronicles Pack, the DLC-exclusive weapons and Survival Mode. There are apparently some graphical upgrades, but I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the look of this game and the original Last Light.Conclusion:Overall, I'd highly recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of post-apocalyptic games, FPS games or stealth games. The story keeps you interested, the gameplay is great and keeps you hooked, while the graphics are gorgeous and creates an incredible atmosphere throughout. Once again, I would suggest that you play Metro 2033 Redux before this game as it will help you understand the story and it's just as good as it's successor."
76561198055539802,Recommended,287390,17361676,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pheonix028,Gameplay 10/10Graphics10/10Story12/10Boobs 10/10
76561198139792652,Recommended,287390,17937845,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Zephry,"I don't even like reading, but i still enjoyed the book more. A good game for fps players who want a real challenge, and I highly recomend getting the books."
,Recommended,287390,24635134,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Crowley,"If you read the book series (metro 2033,2034,2035) and you want to experience the story of one of these books, then you are in the wrong place, but if you want to experience Artyom as an badass who can single handedly destroy 20 guys in heavy armor, fall into a cave with something that looks like it just got obliterated by a chainsaw and buldozer and yet still wants to eat you and then defend D-6 while Miller gives you a hype-up speech how you are the Spartan order's best soldier along with 20 more men ? Then youre in the right place. And in an add-on missions you can play as an Order's sniper who is actually a female and has a 50. Cal sniper rifle with which you can go ham OR play as a guy who got stuck in a spider's nest with a ton of flamethrower fuel ?By the way this game has 2 endings. One is good but it doesnt end well for you and one is Good and that one ends well for you. But this second one is hard to get and if you want to experience Dark Souls combined with Metro the try to complete this game on the hardest difficulty without killing anybody who is human. You'll get your♥♥♥♥♥raped."
,Recommended,287390,34351160,Posted: 19 August,all,Baines,"After completing the game, I have decided to write a review on 'Metro: Last Light Redux' the second edition to the 'Metro' franchise. This game offers a lot, especially for its price! (I bought last-light for about £4 during a steam sale)OverviewMetro Last Light has an interesting main campaign and has a rich backstory of the main character (Artyom Chyornyj) Even without playing the previous game, I didn't feel lost at all, as the game basically explains everything that happened within the last game. All the characters you meet seem interesting and unique (except the guards, who don't usually speak) offering interesting stories and choices, that affect the outcome of the later game. Everything you do in this game matters. Choose the wrong choices, and it will affect your ending. Choose the right and it will affect the ending. Everything you do in this post-apocalyptic wasteland has consequences later down the line. Meaning you can't just slaughter everyone you want, without consequences. Allowing you to get exactly what you want, and allowing you to play the game however way you desire.The campaign is completely story-driven, and sadly not open-world (however, some parts of the game allow slight wandering of the surface) Therefore, if you enjoy rich, interesting stories featuring within post-apocalyptic settings.  This game might be for you.Description of the main story, no spoilersYou play as, Artyom Chyornyj. The main character within the last two games. After nuking and killing the dark ones in the previous game your confused and seek guidance, as you're haunted by the memories and are crossed between what you did, either that it was the best thing for the remaining humans or a mass genocide of innocent beings. Throughout the game, you meet characters with different opinions upon 'the dark ones'There are (I believe) four factions the Nazi faction (The Reich) The Reds (Communist) The Polis, and your faction which you are part of The Rangers of the Order. All Factions have their own desire and goal. However, as said before this game is a pure story, and doesn't offer the joining of any other faction, except the one you are already part of.Side Quests: The game has a lot of side quests within the cities/metro areas that you can complete the story. Adding an extra 2-3 hours to the main game.The main game took me about 6-8 hours to complete (which isn't bad) and was really fun, I actually felt connected to some characters, and didn't want them to die. Which is pretty hard to do in most titles these days. The story wasn't too long and didn't make me want to stop playing as it kept the experience always at a peak. The wildlife was interesting and some animals/mutants you cross paths with are truly terrifying and a challenge to defeat.However, this game does have flaws. The cinematic scenes are really strange, and seem really out of place (really laggy 20 FPS and the resolution seems to lower a lot, which kind of ruins the scene)And some choices seem to be really stupid.*******SPOILER******When Making a decision to kill or spare two people part of the 'Red Line' choosing to kill them ends up with you getting the bad ending. Even though they both have killed hundreds or even thousands of innocents. However, this does make sense. As the 'Dark One' remembers and learns mercy, as he learns that humans can forgive and show mercy to even the worst of society, and somewhat forgives them for killing his race, as they have learned mercy from their mistake.HOWEVER, what I really don't like. Is the fact that taking a drug, or entering the strip club will immediately give you the bad ending, which is frankly silly. (In my opinion)  even not listening to one conversation leads to the bad ending (I was informed at least, have no source to back me up)TL;DRRich story drove game, offering hard decisions and awesome experiences. Features a post-apocalyptic Russia, and has strange and scary wildlife/mutants posing threats to you alongside the factions and their threat.Overall, would recommend this game for people who like Roleplay, or story games with action and post-apocalyptic themes.8/10"
,Recommended,287390,34106650,Posted: 8 August,all,[VSF] Migel,"Metro: Last Light ReduxI went into this game with mixed expectations. I had playedMetro 2033 Reduxbefore and not finished it. My biggest problem with that game was linearity, clunky gameplay with pacing issues and overly scripted enemy encounters. What I loved was - of course - the breathable atmoshphere (ha-ha-ha.), the carefully crafted story and lore, as well as the unique environments... so everything the Metro series is known for.I'm glad I can say that Metro Last Light Redux managed to fix most of its predecessor's problems and even improve on it's strong points. Gameplay feels more natural now. You have more space to explore outside the story, more ways to tackle enemy encounters and even multiple endings in order to give your decisions some meaning.That's not to say this game is perfect. I still had some issues with slightly repetetive gameplay: especially on the surface, where you would encounter the same enemies over and over, engaging them the same way every time. Another thing this game likes to do is is a ""defend your position"" mission. You call for help and have to defend against the Metro's creatures while waiting. These and the literal ""rail shooter"" segments are serious weak points, although they are made more bearable by the context in the story. The Metro series does not give you mission markers. It depends on your skill to understand what to do next, which for me sometimes led to confusion. I like to rush trough sections, and sometimes I miss a lever or window to climb trough. Then I run around the emptied area, looking for where to proceed. Looking at the Steam forums, it's not just me. The lack of this feature is immersing, and all around very much worth the cost. It lets you enjoy the environment and figure out the way forward yourself.Overall, I would say that Metro Last Light Redux is a great game with massive flaws. It's worth playing, but at some points, the gameplay makes that a chore. Overall I would have to say that the pros outweigh the cons.My rating is 8/10.Note: early on, I had issues with my hard drive, leading to the game not launching normally. This had nothing to do with the game."
,Recommended,287390,12765563,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Karma Kid',"After overcoming some crash issues, this is one of the best game I've played.The metro series have proven to have a great story and gameplay; it really takes you to the gritty life of living underground away from post-war nuclear radiation, and telling the story that no matter what hardship humans go through, they don't change much.great game'"
,Recommended,287390,31425191,Posted: 28 April,all,stevo,One of the most atmospheric games I have played.
76561198144344839,Recommended,287390,33538100,Posted: 14 July,all,Sosig,"This is probably the best goddamn game i have ever played in my life... Everything about it is amazing, if you haven't tried it already then i suggest you buy it right now. One last thing, i would not recommend playing on Ranger hardcore if its your first time but the normal Ranger difficulty makes the game even more immersive and can really scare you at some points of the game because of the genuine danger of all enemies. 10/10 in my opinion"
76561197989826200,Recommended,287390,32659526,Posted: 22 June,all,Arcanus Goodspeed,"Metro: Last Light-Redux is a first person shooter and is the continuation of Metro: 2033-Redux and takes place after you launched the missiles blowing up the Dark Ones. Even if you got the good ending (didn't blow up the Dark Ones) this game takes place in the very near future as if you did launch the missiles killing all of the dark ones...or did you kill them all?! Soon after you start the game you find out that, at least, one Dark One survived..but its much smaller then the others were (perhaps a child?). Its now your job to find that ""last"" Dark One and kill it so their threat has been completely removed from this destroyed/dieing world that you live/exist in.M:LL-R (Metro: Last Light-Redux) is very similar to the first game in that bullets are still currency and just about everything you come across either wants to kill you or kill you AND eat you! I must make this absolutely clear..EXPLORING PAYS OFF!! Its not without its own risks but usually the rewards out weigh (provided your aim/reaction time is good) the increased chance of injury/death. Search everywhere for keys and their safe counterparts so you can get some decent loot (generally a small cache of ""Special"" bullets with some ammo/med-packs).If you want to play loud and proud (shooting without silencers/stealth kills) you can do that. Letting everyone know you're coming and their isn't a damn thing they can do about it!! If you want to play stealthly (my personal favorite style) that can pay off more as long as you're perceptive and patient. Stealth doesn't necessarily mean slow..it just means, as I said before, being PERCEPTIVE and PATIENT..waiting for enemies to path to the most advantagious areas for you to take out so other enemies don't find their bodies and ruining your stealth. Its a lot of fun going through a whole area knocking out/killing all the enemies while never raising the alarm..makes you feel like a badass.I personally followed a 100% achievement walkthrough and it showed me where to go/what to do to get the most out of the game and makes it much easier to get those ""easy to miss"" items/achievements. If you don't like to use strategy guides thats fine. You won't need them to play/enjoy/beat this game. Its story is, imo, excellent and you can't help but feel for those who are suffering around you. You want to help them and doing so, usually, nets you positive morality points.Morality is..somewhat important in this game. It affects how some view you but mostly it affects the ending of the game. Have a mostly positive morality and you get what the game has deemed a the ""good"" ending (usually less needless death is involved with that ending). If you preferred to be a mean/uncaring person and don't care about morality then..yep you guessed it..you get the ""bad"" ending. Many positive/negative morality points aren't exactly easy to find..as I said earlier..exploring tends to pay off. Some are easy to understand, steal a bullet from a beggars cup..negative morality point. Donate/give a bullet to a begger..get a positive morality point.There are several different types of guns/weapons (including grenades and throwing knives) of which you can customize (limited though it may be) to your liking. Silencers, scopes, extended barrels, laser pointers etc can be added/removed from your weapons to help suit your play style. You can find most combinations of guns/attachments throughout the game whether its off of decaying bodies or enemies you knocked out/killed or you can get them from gun merchants (that option is going to cost you money....bullets).I could go on for a decent amount more but I'll bring this review to an end with this last bit. The overall gameplay feels solid and is great experience. If you liked the first game you will like the second one. I'd give this game an 8 out of 10 if you are the type of person who likes seeing a number rating system and/or requires one to objectively view/review a game. Theres so much more I want to tell you but if I do it would ruin your emersion into the world/environment and you'd hate me for it. Purchase this game..you won't be disappointed (I sure wasn't..bought this game, and beat it, twice..once for the original games and again for the Redux versions).Should you buy/play this game then good luck and have fun."
,Recommended,287390,33663389,Posted: 19 July,all,FadedMind,"Really good game, if you liked Metro 2033 at all, or even if you thought it was just ""meh"", I would highly reccomend you pick this one up, as it improves in every way over the first game. (Make sure you play Metro 2033 first, this is a direct sequel) Also, this game is so beautiful im pretty sure my f12 is feeling abused."
,Recommended,287390,12547819,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Troglodyte Jesus,"Let me just start by saying that this is a STRESSFUL game. I have no problems with that, because it creates atmosphere. But in many circumstances i found myself out of air, running to a hard-to-get objective with a handfull of enemies chasing me while i had no ammo. I was saved by cutscenes 1/3 of the time, but the rest was just the death screen. One thing that comes up alot in Last Light is CONSERVE. You need to conserve everything, if you dont, you might aswell restart the whole chapter. (I restarted 3 times just to say the least.) I feel like Last Light has an evil triangle; If you don't die by lack of air, you will die by enemies. If you don't die of enemies, you will eventually run out of ammo and might aswell die by the lack of air.You also find yourself alone over 80% of the game, which i think is fantastic for these types of games. It really brews up the atmosphere, and the immersion is top notch. Although i wouldn't put this game in a ""horror genre"" i would more likely put it into atmosphere and immersion.The redux made the game better on all fronts, i suggest you buy it at once. The developers really made a good sequel to an already fantastic game."
,Recommended,287390,20103925,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tricky,"For those that weren't aware of Metro: Last Light its first time around, the game is a direct sequel to Metro 2033, with the plot being set forth by the last moments of 2033. Russia has been decimated by nuclear war, and the only way people were able to survive was to turn the underground metro system into makeshift settlements. Above ground, animals have mutated into horrific beasts, and mysterious psychic beings called the Dark Ones lurk both above ground and below. In Metro 2033: Last Light the monsters aren’t the only danger, as different factions from Neo-Nazis to Commies and beyond are all duking it out for a doomsday device in a civil war for control of Russia’s remains. It’s up to Artyom, the player character, to learn more about the still-mysterious Dark Ones and try to keep relative peace throughout the metro. I really enjoyed the narrative. While the plot itself isn’t terribly original, the world and characters are expanded in the way a good movie sequel grows things not simply for growth’s sake, but to make the player feel even more like they’re in a living, breathing place.What makes Last Light shine isn’t how many things go boom or how many monsters get pumped full of lead. I mean there’s definitely action, and when it’s there it is satisfying, but where the game series as a whole really succeeded was in creating a palpable atmosphere dense with despair, anxiety, and powerlessness. In some ways Last Light improved on the immersion of Metro 2033 through fully first person cut scenes, expanding the game’s universe, and greatly improved graphics that brought out each spiderweb and puddle of mud.With the narratives and worlds so tied together it seemed a bit jarring that gameplay took such a sudden change in direction. Thankfully herein lies, in my opinion, the biggest positive about Last Light’s re-release treatment. Now fans of both styles can be happy, as the game lets people choose from the get-go whether they’d like to play the more action-oriented style of the original, or boost up enemy damage and scale back the amount of resources available to play in the style of 2033.Unfortunately some of the other improvements that Redux boasts end up being largely inconsequential. While graphics technology has improved noticeably since the franchise’s freshman effort in 2010, I really didn’t notice anything looking particularly better in this version than in the Last Light of 2013. I’m sure that if compared side by side there’s probably a few nicer textures and models here and there, but all in all tech just hasn’t developed enough since then to make the visuals a viable reason to upgrade. Don’t, however, confuse that for me being displeased with the way things look. Though the game takes place in underground tunnels and barren wastelands, the game still manages to keep the screen from turning into the brown soup that so many desolate games do.The art direction helps things too. Everything from the weapons to the underground ""buildings"" feel ready to fall apart at any moment, and the various people drinking around fires, shopping, and just generally going about their daily lives give the settlements in particular an organic, personable vibe that pull you into the world of Metro that much more. So while none of this is particularly different from the original release to Redux, it’s still pretty darned good.Whether or not you find Metro: Last Light Redux worth the money is going to depend entirely on what you’re buying it for. If you’re someone who’s never played the game, or if you’re someone like me that liked 2033 but didn’t appreciate the pacing changes the sequel brought, then yes, pull the trigger. The game becomes much more of a survival-horror title with the new available options, and if you’re new you can try both styles and decide for yourself. Otherwise, there’s really no reason to prefer the original over this remastering. The audio visual improvements are modest, and the added content of the DLCs are relatively miniscule. All in all, I myself had a great time with the title, and the Metro franchise is still one nuclear winter I never want to turn to spring."
76561198169119291,Recommended,287390,22872500,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Scabs,The metro redux pack is a masterpiece. Definatly recommended...
,Recommended,287390,14143145,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"An absolutely beautiful example of what a PC game can look like. The textures & models are pretty good, however the lighting is just beautiful and environmental effects add a great deal to the world. This may easily well be the best looking game I have ever played. Perhaps finally besting Crysis.You have to manually charge the battery that powers your light every now & then, replace the filter on your mask, along with a whole bunch of other little things that make the game just that much more immersive. But none of these little things ever feel like they're in the way, if anything they add an element of immersion I wish other developers would bother to put in their games.The guns feel great and there's not one to date that's felt as good to let off some rounds. Each has about 3-4 customization options from stocks and scopes to different barrel tips among other weapon specific components.The human AI can be a bit janky at times and a bit stupid but mutants are intelligent and you'll spend plenty enough time fighting them to keep things interesting. At launch of the origional, I come across maybe 2-3 bugs through the whole game, one of them forced a checkpoint restart. Though checkpoints are hardly more than 10 minutes apart so it's not an issue at all, as there were barely any bugs in the first place.The world is mostly linear but often allows for some exploration after about two to three hours into the game. If they were to make a Fallout-esq open world game in this world that wasn't so story driven it could easily be game of the decade worthy.The story is alright, the world is interesting, and occasionally you'll encounter the game's horror element which does indeed go beyond creepy mutants crawling about. Though in the end, I have pretty much no issue with the game at all aside from it holding your hand too long at the start.All in all, its certainly worth the $45 I paid and I encourage you to play ranger mode even if you're new."
,Recommended,287390,12402486,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DANNYBHOY62,"Well metro last light is completed second time i have played through both games have to say its the best series of games every made amzing story and grapics now im just going to sit here and wait for 4A to make the next metro, I whould recomend this game to anyone scary at some points and not at others its got a bit of everything in it dont think about getting this game just buy it worth every penny 500/10."
,Recommended,287390,35423401,Posted: 2 October,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,"Metro Last Light is a true post apocalyptic fps action game. Sequel of Metro 2033. It's  a true masterpiece. Metro 2033 not that great but Last Light just impressed me in many ways. Stealthy way of killing enemy's by turning off the lights or throwing knife make this game more enjoyable. And of course a great post apocalyptic mexico city with deadly creatures make this game spooky. Story was mind blowing based on a novel. Shooting and weapons are more fun to use. Beside Main Missions, there are some extra missions with some game characters in Chapters Menu.Pros:1. Amazing Visuals.2. Great post apocalyptic City.3. Fun Weapon.4. Tons of DLC.5. Great Story.6. Fun Combat.Cons:1. 404 Not Found.10/10. A True Masterpiece."
,Recommended,287390,11962677,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[~ĐĐ~] Chronic sonic tonic,this game is Way awesome the other redux is really awesome. I played these games over and over and over and cuase it has some changes it makes me replay the game to actually see the changes. and whats coller still is the story my only beef about the game is the voice actor for the children and the face animations in metro 2033 redux and some other features that may call me a tad bit selfish but I missed the early access to the auto shot gun and rail gun in the game. because in the original you can find the rail gun in the bandits camp with bourban. and the auto shot gun at the smithy's hut paired with the volt driver. also they cut a lot of diary entries such as with the boy  and khan. other then all that I am impress with the detail they put into the game. hense I give them my aplause.
76561198157061846,Recommended,287390,25549009,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,seswrt,If you love the orignal this a must play.
,Recommended,287390,29489443,Posted: 25 January,all,Tobblok,"A well structured single player linear shooter with stealth elements. It has a good story which sometimes fogets about the plot and goes of in a different direction but the ending will make you dead inside. The only downside is when you go out the metro and fight the mutants which is normaly just a chore or you could just run past them. Lastly to make it better i think it should have been longer, only lasting me 7 hours on survival gameplay. In the end a good game with a few problems,9/10"
,Recommended,287390,28700343,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Beamer,"I have played through both Metro 2033 and Last Light, and have absolutely loved both of them. They are in my opinion the best survival/horror/fps games ever made.Pros:Great story (play 2033 first for best experience)Incredibly ImmersiveAmazing visualsGreat soundtrack (if you like acoustic guitar)Fun and fluent gameplayVery suspensfulGood voice actingGuns are fun to use and diverseGood optimization (not to hard to run)Con:Human AI can be kind of dumb sometimes"
,Recommended,287390,16499213,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,i want to die,"I swear, this game is the best singleplayer campaign i've played in my lifeThe chronicles pack extends the game to a limit, that i couldn't imagine!Game is really good, highly recommend it to all the people out there asking if it's worth it10/10"
76561198407558683,Recommended,287390,35006978,Posted: 16 September,all,FitOnMe,The best game in apocalyptic genre ever!
76561198075080636,Recommended,287390,31521088,Posted: 3 May,all,Nebuchadnezzar II CSGOatse.com,"Ugh! Artyomich! Light! Fry it, blyad! -Pavel9/10 would complete again."
,Recommended,287390,12187470,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Lacool,"Probably one of my FAVORITE games currently, about as good and CINEMATIC as 'Linear FPS' gets!!!EXCEPT FOR THE ♥♥♥♥ING FACT THAT THEY DIDN'T FIX THE RANDOM, INTERMITTENT VIDEO CARD DRIVER CRASHES THAT ARE STILL PRESENT AND EXACTLY THE SAME AS IN THE ORIGINAL RELEASES?!?!?!?!Unfortunately it's still a recommend since you can slog through it. You get some 1-4 hour sessions before a crash sometimes. And the game itself is SOooo-OH good. Too bad the mysterious crashes everyone seems to experience still go unaddressed, even after this pricey re-release. UGH.  WHY."
,Recommended,287390,17479311,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Clumsy Coyote,"One of the things that I particularly respect about the Metro series are the rewards for exploration. If you are a certain type that doesn't leave a stone unturned, this game will probably go up in your top 10.The other thing which makes you love it is the WEAPON SYSTEM. Not only is it well-designed, with the options to buy/customize or simply save up money(in our case, golden bullets), you are left with a series of choices every time you visit a shop. Will you trade off your current weapon so that you gain the advantage of a 6-shot shotgun or will you stick with your trusty revolver and believe in yourself to pick off your enemies with precision.Let's not forget this ground-breaking feature - the choice of going all out or simply playing it stealthily.Yes, every level, doesn't matter if your enemy is human or beast, you are left with an option to either engage it head-on or just skillfully sneak past and save up some ammo and filters. You are always provided with a hidden path which will serve you as an advantage.The STORY is neither impressive or dull. It hits that sweet spot. You are neither tired of the development of the plot or eager to know what the hell is going to happen in the next station. Indeed, there are many plot-twists but I won't spoil any, for the sake of the best experience.MORALITY CHOICES. Later on in-game, you will have to decide for yourself to either show revenge or forgiveness. Not only are those particular choices important for the ending but also murders and overseeing matter throught your entire playthrough - from beginning to ending.CHARACTERS. Unique and interesting, all in their own ways. Each interaction with them reminds you how different their world is from yours and always leave something for your to remember about them. Although, they did dull-down Ulman. He was quite the monkey-man in 2033, especially in the final missions.ADDITIONAL MISSIONS INCLUDED. Do not think you are finished with the Metro. More content awaits you in the CHAPTERS section. Simply go in and press ""Q"" and experience totally new adventures from other points of view. Be a RED sniper securing a Nazi outpost, a hired gun to exterminate a Spider Nest, a Nazi heavy-weapons specialist, and finally my favourite, a fresh recruit, a ranger, who is supposed to manage his filters and ammo carefully, as there are no options to scavenge such outside your outpost - whatever you buy at the outpost, that will be your supplies for the oustide tread. In addition, the area which you are exploring is the Library from 2033.Overall, a great experience."
,Recommended,287390,18088971,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,dennys 1v9,Great game with an amazing atmosphere and good story. I recommend also playing Metro: 2033 prior to playing this. 10/10.
76561198064155314,Recommended,287390,22907058,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dimitrios Nipplelas,way to make me feel forever alone...solid 7/5
76561197973695248,Recommended,287390,13497899,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,.FireHive,"Absolutely superb. Loved the first Metro and this follows on nicely. I personally didn't find it as run and gun as most people say...that could just be my playing style. I found there to be as much flexibility for stealth as there was for assault.The game overall though is fantastic. The world is brilliantly immersive, storyline was great, characters and voiceovers were brilliant as per the first and there is so much attention to detail.If I was going to nitpick, I would say the stealth was sometimes inconsistent...and probably a little too easy. I literally stood at the feet of a guard and he didn't see me...till I knifed him of course.Couldn't recommend it any higher. Make sure you play the first though, it will help you understand the story in this one."
,Recommended,287390,31262708,Posted: 20 April,all,Fatboy,"This game is an amaazing experience for anyone liking the post-apocalyptic setting. It has an amazing atmosphere, you can feel the darkness and the hopelessness of the situation humanity has brought upon itself. The story Artyom has to follow is rich and detalied. If you check the areas which you visit with pictures in real life you'll see they are a spitting image ( minus the destruction in the game). Sound track follows the dark ambient of the game perfectly. Although game is short in content a little bit ( redux version helps here as it comes with all the dlcs that the original had and needed to be purchased separately ) it is more than worth it! The team has made an amazing game. I recommend it and I recommend playing it with Russian voices :D Immersion ftw!"
76561198230951896,Recommended,287390,32356454,Posted: 11 June,all,pyrosbiggestfan,"This is one of the best things ive ever played, story gives me a boner, game play is amazing and hard, the wayi like it. Be ware if this games forgivable bugs and inconcistancys, still play it though. Its worth it."
76561198016839744,Recommended,287390,11948148,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,This is how the World will look like If were lucky
76561198253877710,Recommended,287390,22910252,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheRabbitMan,"5 Rules: 1. Keep Shooting anything that moves on the surface2. save you ammo on the surface (the rules are aginst each other but in a fight between things mutated and you with all the pea shooters that cant stop them with a single mag in the genral overall fights on the surface)3. FILTER HUNT LIKE MAD OR DIE4. Tunnels with lights need to be pumped with led becuse they are looking to kill you5. If you see the humans aim head, the Communists have body armor........"
,Recommended,287390,25910030,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sub,"Bringing back the dark and gritty atmosphere of 2033, Last Light continues the superb story of Metro 2033.You’re cast as one of these survivors, a ranger named Artyom, the hero of Metro 2033 returned for another valiant adventure. Artyom, along with his group of survivors -- and innocent bystanders in general -- find themselves caught with increasing frequency in the middle of warring factions in the metro, a situation made all the more dangerous and untenable by the mutated creatures that live both in the tunnels and on the surface.Metro’s world is tangibly dangerous and rife with terror, with a feeling of risk and foreboding around virtually every corner. The political thread that connects everything – how surviving factions lucky just to be alive could still be at each other’s throats -- makes the situation that much more interesting. Let's take a look at the pros and cons.Pros+ Amazing setting.+ Strong story / storystelling.+ Considerable production value.+ Good Gameplay.+ Survival horror has returned.+ Immersion.+ More than 1 ending.+ Unique enemiesCons- Questionable enemy AI- Awkward addition of nudity- Stereotypical shooter boss battles- Occasional technical hiccupsThe VerdictLast Light has problems, but players looking for a fun campaign in a gritty atmosphere may find quite a bit to like.I give it a honest 8.6/10!"
76561198029126609,Recommended,287390,13858210,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Padishah,"A great game, better than the original in every way. Dark, moody, oppressive, challenging and sometimes frightening. Metro last light is a FPS survival horror stealth post apocolyptic game set in the ruins of moscow. A great game and very entertaining.I have a few issues with it, though minor ones. For one I find it odd how artyom (the main character) never speaks outside of cutscenes or loading screens, which makes it seem like he gives other characters the silent treatment. I like silent protoaginists like in half life but when the character speaks and has a personality it is abit weird.Im not fond of the romantic sub plot as it seems rushed and frankly the ""love intrest"" makes a total 180 in terms of personality. It falls flat and isnt very effective. The strip club scene was also very stupid and ruined the atmopshere.It has a few technical issues, the severity of them depends on the type of PC you have. A high end powerful pc like mine experianced them rarely. For lower end rigs you might not be able to play it at all.My final complaint is the whole ""moral system"" seems abit convuluted and doesnt make that much sense. It had potential it just felt very cryptic at times and choices often never really clear.But regardless its a REALLY great game, despite its issues. 9/10"
76561198105119025,Recommended,287390,11957912,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,CaptainPrice,Everything is really good. Love the stealth. Still there is sometimes that a stealth kill cannot be performed and I get the slash animation instead so >>>> 8/10
76561198035712827,Recommended,287390,33176806,Posted: 3 July,all,Raskis,Metro Last Light is a great game.. in my opinion it is alittle better than metro 2033 cuz its semi scary and interesting and is more... like evenly hard through the game..I mean in metro 2033 most stuff is kindof easy exept for some levels...  and the same goes with the scare factorMetro last ligth is more evenly hard and scary and exiteingif you liked metro 2033  i bet you would love this game.. I have played through it many times it's one of fiew action shooters i can play again and again even tho there is no multiplayer
,Recommended,287390,23105891,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,crag,Strip Club Simulator 10/10GrandMa was a teaser though 6/9
,Recommended,287390,12407600,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,xemphire,"Fast paced. Beautiful, bloody, and easy to get lost in. Damn you Pavlov!"
,Recommended,287390,15055303,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,A Crusader Knight csgokingdom,Got to the surfaceNo filtersDied of SufficationHad to Restart Earlier Mission9/10
,Recommended,287390,24180977,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,StrykrAU,♥♥♥♥ING PERFECTIONDONT EVEN QUESTION YOURSELF BUY THE DAM GAME ALREADY
76561198067219061,Recommended,287390,32605187,Posted: 20 June,all,Ophraella in Asteraceae,It's like Metro 2033 but with invulnerable spidersThis game gave me Arachnophobia10/10 would run away from spiders again
,Recommended,287390,16516874,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: graphical options & option menu customizations, impressive lighting effects (but sometimes obnoxious lens flares), smoke & weather effects, immersive atmosphere & environment, monster designs, multiple difficulty options (available now considering the ""Ranger pre-order"" controversy before release), pavel & khan are compelling & well voice acted characters, better tutorial than metro 2033, gas mask effects (filter change & hand wipe animations), weapon designs & upgrades, post launch DLC available on the chapter menu, amazing stripper & lap dance animations, the last battle was epic (but felt short lived)cons: post launch DLC's are hidden on the ""chapters"" panel on the main launch menu (""Q - new missions""), no windowed full screen mode, game won't even launch sometimes (requires a ""safe mode"" launch which diverts the game to 720 resolution, you would have to re-apply your video settings), won't allow you to skip logo animations during game launch, invisible walls & extremely linear progression, quick time events, some scripted events bugged out, clunky AI movements & odd facial animations, most characters are uninspired & not compelling, redux isn't as visually impressive as I expected it to be overall (although some parts are), the game randomly switches to military grade bullets, unable to kill flying monsters (which is a complete waste of bullets on the illusion of hitting flying targets), immersion breaking monster spawns (some monster are unkillable for the sake of scripted events), underwhelming rewards for exploration, annoying water submersion animation (just let me ♥♥♥♥ing swim), won't allow you to carry more than 3 guns at a time, unable to interact with objects in the world during reload or filter change animations, clunky way to pick up ammo/equipment on body piles (why not just auto pick up ammo when walking next to them...), clunky ladder climbing, repetitive stealth kill animations, only ONE save file - does not allow you to save/load multiple save files (single player & DLC's share the exact same save file... ive read on the forums that you have to manually copy/paste your current save files from the game folder so you don't lose your save when starting a new game and/or DLC mission), ending was underwhelmingDLC's: -Heavy Squad: basically a TF2 heavy weapons guy spray & pray simulator, with annoying lens flares at every direction-Sniper Team: you have to wait for a 2min scripted event until you can actually start to shoot anything, a sub-par Vassili Zaitsev experience-Kshatriya: annoying & immersion breaking random spawns of monsters when opening the base door (so damn stupid...), immersion breaking clown-car spawn points for mutant rats, my ability to select weapons & interact with objects bugged out when going in & out of base, bullet sponge librarians, a librarian basically teleports to the door outside of where you obtain the last object...-Tower Pack: boring & uninspired wave defense. Blue pill or red pill neo?-Spider Lair: a linear vent crawling, lighter, blowtorch simulator. Although executed much better than alan wake-Developer Pack: has a museum to see 3d models & animations of characters & monsters, has a shooting range with time challenges (worthwhile to attempt), & arena that allows you to pit monsters against monsters (hit or miss)-Pavel: a descent mini chapter where you try to escape after being held captive-Khan: great narrative & paranormal/anomalies! More compelling than most of what is on the main story line-Anna: a better sniper chapter than ""Sniper Team"" in my opinion. Overlaps anna's encounter with atryom on the main story lineOverall, a drastic improvement from metro 2033 (a game I found unbearable). This game is rough around the edges which needed a lot more polish, definitely a wasted opportunity for a more open world game, but a above-average experience all the way to the end. This game could of been so much more if not for the terrible game design decisions that held it back. Some DLC chapters are worth the look.Metro: Last Light (Redux) has my recommendation."
,Recommended,287390,16753483,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Red,"Return to the metro on the dawn of a civil war, factions claiming stake at the recently captured D6 bunker. Face off against the Reich and Red Army and the mutants of the surface in order to save your bretheren and humankind as you know it, along with the help of the last remaining dark one that you oh so dilligently destroyed. In comparison to the first game you spend more time fighting against human enemies and playing stealth tactics than surviving against the enviroment, in a sense it leads you more towards an action fps. However this does not disappoint and it keeps the dark human nature feeling and the story still keeps your attention. +1 No Librarians. 8/10"
76561198061732453,Recommended,287390,32868940,Posted: 27 June,all,Echlord,I swear to god Exodus better be as a good as this or I'll -Still buy it.
76561198155924934,Recommended,287390,24326116,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Memies,Made me cry ;) 10/10
76561198108756633,Recommended,287390,33050660,Posted: 30 June,all,Hamsicle,Probably the most immersed I've ever been in a game's world.
,Recommended,287390,13677881,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CptRad,"This game could literally have no graphics what so ever and still blow my mind. Disreguard my 16 hours played, I honestly couldnt stop playing it. Metro 2033 AND THE SEQUEL Last Light are so amazing in the simple fact that they incorporated a story into themselves. You may be thinking: Well Call of Duty has a story.. And to argue that, you're not going to be on the edge of your seat racing to hunt down the enemy while looking for filters and dealing with mutants in CoD now are you? It's the fact that its a shooter AND it's interesting enough like youre reading a book( only you can kill things in this book.) I'd write so much more and in much much more detail but, you'll just have to play them yourself! 11/10"
,Recommended,287390,19080441,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,[Travis],-Gives money to beggers-Stealthy-Doesn't kill people-Spares bad guys-Kind to mutants-Listen to all conversations-Play all the instruments-Be all around good guy-Accidently pays the lap dancersBad ending.Moral of story is lap dancers will ruin your life.
,Recommended,287390,27004607,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yanders,One of the best story driven FPS i playedHas glitches and bugs but the story and characters really bring it to life.
76561198161316756,Recommended,287390,33768894,Posted: 24 July,all,Venoriom,A dark and atmospheric game.
,Recommended,287390,24067595,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kanmerdo,"Great game. Atmosphere, musics, graphics, story... One of my favourite games.Play Metro 2033 too, btw."
76561197989723421,Recommended,287390,28105893,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Corsa911,"I'm at the age when games have become benchmarking tools rather than fun entertainment.This is the first game in a while I've enjoyed.The is the first game in forever that I've completed.I'm not one for sentimentals, but I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,287390,23109451,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,hoimingmissile,"Review for non-redux versionExcellent sequel to Metro 2033, which happens to be one of my favorite games by the way. This game, while not so amazing as to warrant equal status as a Favorite Game, is very good as well. The gameplay has been improved upon from 2033 with the most dramatic being the addition of a non-lethal takedown option for fighting humans. The story continues from 2033 where you find that thebad end from the original is the canonical one (T_T)Review for redux versionUnlike the redux of 2033, the redux of Last Light doesn't really feel different at all. Graphical improvements, maybe, but outside of some mission layout adjustments, there aren't really any differences worthy of note. Honestly, the thing I noticed most is that a lot of the DLC achievements weren't ported over to the redux. Fewer things I have to do to 100% this game, I suppose, but otherwise, I really just feel like I'm replaying Last Light (original), not any sort of ""new and improved"" Last Light.As for recommending this game? You can't buy the non-redux versions so that's not an issue here. I wholeheartedly recommend this game but only after you have played Metro 2033 because the stories are linked."
76561198068801242,Recommended,287390,11977109,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Wadsy78,"Having had played the original game of last light, this one is much better withits game play and graphics"
,Recommended,287390,34909195,Posted: 12 September,all,♔Genji♔,I'm never really one to be emotional about stuff but this genuinely made cried at the end. The scene when everyone is saluting you still give me chills. EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IS PERFECTION.11/10. CANT WAIT FOR EXODUS.
,Recommended,287390,34855979,Posted: 10 September,all,Dagerdome,"good story , good graphix , good amount of content when u get this on a steam sale.hyped for metro exodus , hope they dont ruin this game like shadow of warner brothers"
,Recommended,287390,11922949,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,G1NGER M1TTENS,"OK.... I recommend it... BUT..... If you have a higher spec PC, you wont notice any changes graphics wise. It does run better. The Antialising works better but is A HUGE drag on GPU. I used to run the original on the X4 setting. Now i run it on X2 Setting. Still looks great. The new content is cool. Just go to the chapter selection and find the added chapters.IF you have never owned  this game... GET IT. This is a great value. Has all of the extra content and more.IF you played this on console... GET IT. It looks so much better and works so much better than it used to on console.My Specs -Win 7 64 BitCPU i7 4770 3.5GhzGPU GTX 780 Ti 3GBResolution 1920x1080Max Setting except AntiA... I run that as mentioned - X2 setting.With those setting i get an average of 55FPSWith AntiA on X3 - 25-35 FPSBottom line... X2 antialising is all you need. At X2, the GPU buffers the game to twice the resolution and then scales it down for your resolution. That gets rid of almost all jagged edges. You dont need X4. But If you have GTX Titan... maybe you can just for fun."
76561198068298648,Recommended,287390,11963533,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,red,"Game of the year edition of Last Light. The graphics are pretty much the same and all the Last Light DLC is included. I did not find myself wanting to play the DLC however though, as the combat is nothing spectatular. Probably a better idea to just purchase the plain Last Light, but nevertheless it is a fun game that provided 8 good hours for me."
76561198260693519,Recommended,287390,33639534,Posted: 18 July,all,nananana BATMAN!!,"One of the best atmospheric shooters ever made. Its not particularly scary but it tells a dark, depressing story and engages your emotions like few games ever did."
76561198133628702,Recommended,287390,26721531,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Perfice,"Just about as good as the first one, not much really changed, just added on to the story mode. It's nice that your watch now shows you the current time as well as your filter timer simultaneously. I would like the hour and minute markers to be a different color than black though because it made it difficult to see the time. The story was fairly decent but the ending seemed like it was kind of rushed in my own opinion. The DLC doesn't really seem to add anything to the story either and there was parts I got bored at. All in all though, you can't really complain too much about this one if you liked the first one.4/5"
76561198013758491,Recommended,287390,17165282,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"Philosophical, and challenging.  It's a bit linear, but I feel like the setting kind of excuses that a bit.  It's a bit short, but I figure it's best to leave your audience wanting more.  The stealth is competently done, though occasionally too easy, even in Survival Ranger Hardcore.  It is nice that there is, I believe only one forced stealth section and it is almost impossible to fail.  The combat is, again, almost too easy at times.  I found myself taking half a clip from a rifle to the chest and then taking out enemies with a single headshot.  Even the particularly challenging parts are mitigated considerably by the frequent autosaves.I want to say a bit about storytelling.  This game is, I feel, very well done in that department.  You can just run and gun your way through it, but stopping to listen to conversations can reveal a lot about the world.  If I have any complaints it's the large number of scripted sequences in the beggining.  It stops doing that quite so often as the game progresses, but still forces you to listen to unskippable dialogue fairly often."
,Recommended,287390,18579307,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Elen sila lûmenn` omentielvo,Very atmospheric game.
,Recommended,287390,22900216,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,PostmanRaj,"Absolutely amazing game, you instantly get into it and cant stop playing. A defo for any fps fan!"
,Recommended,287390,22915455,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Arch,"Fantastic game! If you liked the first Metro game, then you will also like this one."
,Recommended,287390,30709256,Posted: 24 March,all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,Gameplay the rise of autistic assassinhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWnYIaHJriU&t=2shttp://i.imgur.com/kHO3kWK.jpggood sale price
76561198078986724,Recommended,287390,12459185,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fookin Laser Soight,"Thanks to the Devloper Pack, I can finally relieve my dreams of being an announcer of a deathmatch game.Another note, Have I played enough of this game?"
,Recommended,287390,33150272,Posted: 2 July,all,Adnan Oktar,good game
,Recommended,287390,11954759,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,August Vanguard,"would be good if the game didn't crash constantlyhaven't gotten past the second cutscenenot cool Metro, not cool."
,Recommended,287390,12473431,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Foxy Weeaboo,"Stunning visuals, action-packed fps gameplay, and an interesting storyline. Great stuff."
76561198041455757,Recommended,287390,25597027,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ProphetAlpha,This game is great! Its very intense and hard on some parts even on easy difficult. I played Metro 2033 first and I loved it. I can't believe this game was only $5 is def a great game!
76561198078261271,Recommended,287390,27149602,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Artyom™,IT BEAUTIFUL GAME EVER.
,Recommended,287390,18665665,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Aberidius,Excellent game. Strongly suggest it!
,Recommended,287390,20340941,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,zose,If you are looking for a fun enjoyable single player campaign get this game. Even tho i have not many hours thats cuz im usually playing multiplayer games. But when i have time i play this and it is really fun. Highly recommend this game. :)
,Recommended,287390,17934375,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Pred,"A great sequal and a climax to the first game. Both were an awesome experience, but Last Light enhanced the gameplay."
76561198159109040,Recommended,287390,18001030,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ripcord,good fun action packed game.
,Recommended,287390,18006194,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[n00b] Howard The Duck,Amazing Game! Better combat and pace compaired to Metro 2033
,Recommended,287390,18008592,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[CHC] WireBound,"PLAY THIS GAME. If you read nothing else in this review, PLAY THE GAME...The atmosphere is amazing. I almost disliked some of the combat simply because I was too busy looking around at how beautiful and immersive the environment is. Note I said ""almost."" The combat is simply too good to hate. It's challenging, but reactive. I really feel like I'm firing a crudely put together air rifle!Now I can't write a review here without going into the negatives however. The pace is slow. Theres alot of crawling around and staying out of the light. You may enjoy that aspect, but I'm not too much a fan of stealth games.No really. I can't think of any more negatives to put down about this game! It's going right up there on my top 10 games of all time list along side Metro 2033! Absolutely stunning. Definitely reccomended."
76561198071295000,Recommended,287390,18091033,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Reddsquirrel,"It wasn't all for nothing like The Last of Us. Also, you can loot defeated enemies for ammo and supplies. Why did Joel never try it? That's survival 101 and it's fun too! :P"
76561198137894078,Recommended,287390,33185879,Posted: 3 July,all,Alpha Ghost 47,Like the first but it is much smoother experience. Similar to the fear 2 game you go from gruelling combat with soldiers to fighting tough mosters in an instant. A great change of pace throughout with some pretty decent gunplay. If you like post apocolyptic experiences this is the game for you. I recommend the survivor difficulty first time. I found this to be a tough but rewarding experience and really puts you in the mindstate that every bullet counts and resources are few. Sometimes sneaking is better than fighting.
,Recommended,287390,33161277,Posted: 2 July,all,mbavalo,"Really fun, did not know it was a horror game to a degree before I bought it so I was (un)pleasantly surprised. Definitely worth your time!"
76561198020262971,Recommended,287390,33154962,Posted: 2 July,all,Thegakjr,"Wonderful game, definitely recommend to anyonw who enjoys atmospheric fps, and apocalypse themes!"
76561198077025018,Recommended,287390,13820545,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"The action packed sequel to the critically acclaimed survival horror: Metro 2033.Metro Last Light continues Artyom's journey throughout the Metro, taking him further than he has ever ventured before.The enemies are tougher, the terrain is more harsh - everything from the first game has been built upon and perfected, from the AI to the gun mechanics.Last Light plays more action oriented than it's predecessor, increasing the amount of enemies you encounter tenfold.This being the case I recommend playing on Ranger Hardcore: Spartan difficulty.However if you don't want to take my opinion and want the more survival horror feel that Metro 2033 was, then choose Ranger Hardcore: Survival. I just have to warn you it doesn't change the way the AI react, nor the amount of AI in the game. It can get frustrating having to scavenge three entire rooms to acquire enough ammo to kill one enemy, which is the case with Ranger Hardcore: Survival. It was different in Metro 2033 because there weren't as many things to kill and some situations were escapeable. Not so much in Last Light.10.5/10 Immensely recommended."
,Recommended,287390,13688157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KingFaris10,"I would have thought that this game would be pretty bad in comparison to Metro 2033 as I found Metro 2033 amazing. However, I was wrong, this game is just as good as, if not, better, than Metro 2033. More mobs, continuing story, etc."
,Recommended,287390,16629844,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GuardiaN,"Great history, horror,action. This game makes me to watch every corner, fact that i love for a game. One of my favorites for sure!"
,Recommended,287390,16709748,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,✪Blowfish,"I can say the story was intriguing, at least most of the parts of it were for me. Optimization is good. experienced a fps drop only once and for a short period of time. Music is great. Atmosphere is, how can I say, ''penetrative''. Basically, this game brings you the continuation of the Metro 2033's story with more ingame content and new enemies. Has two different endings: one bad, one good. Classic. Though after seeing it, i could say the ''bad'' one was not so bad actually. It was only a little altered. ( ''a little'' is the key word here.) So, if you liked metro 2033, this game deserves a shot, but if you ''loved'' the former one, don't wait to buy Last Light."
76561198159074868,Recommended,287390,14312381,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kyou,"REDUX! This version of last light does not differ all that much from original. Basically lighting and some shaders are improved slightly and several locations have more prop objects and are filled more wtih detail, but other than that you will be buying Safe box key searching game mecahnic.If you own lastlight wait for massive sale on lastlight redux, for you are purchasing only handfull of changes, unlike 2033 redux.However if you dont have metro and would be for some reason deciding between original and redux BUY REDUX!"
,Recommended,287390,16707944,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Tortelett,It's sorta like if you combined fallout and half life and put it in russia then made it 10x scarier that is what this game would be. 10/10 amazing game. Was a little annoying at times but those were just mostly my own faults. If you are thinking of getting this game just make sure you play through Metro 2033 first.
76561197983147000,Recommended,287390,13670090,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,X1NL,"Probably the best FPS i have played in a long time!I loved Stalker and this game made me feel like i was back. It's immersive, atmospheric, beautiful and downright brutal. Good story and loveable characters, ofcourse there is the usual plot twist but it's all for the better, The guns are customizable and overall feel good. Sound and music are topnotch aswell! I highly recommend this game to any FPS lover and/or Stalker enthusiast.9 out of 10 for me!"
,Recommended,287390,14149660,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Moosca,"At this time I've put in 36 hours to the Metro Last Light regular campaign. I can't recommend the Redux edition of Last Light to anyone who already has all the DLC for normal Last Light. The engine is the same so its still the same game. I heard there were sections of the game where you could go and explore parts of the world that weren't there before, though I made a point of exploring the regular edition and tried doing the same with the game (currently just past Venice in the campaign) and I haven't found any new parts of the world so far. Though they could have meant Metro 2033 Redux, I'll review that separately when I've played it.I will however completely recommend this game to people who have either bought Last Light normal, and not bought any of the DLC, or people who haven't bought the game before in any form. (5/10) Lack of true innovation for the redux version of Last Light (when compared to Normal, this is not the final score, just what I give it compared to the normal edition)For the actual game and not the Redux vs Normal section of the review.The game is set around post-apocolyptic Russia where nuclear devastation has wiped out alot of people.Thus you go through the game trying to make moral decisions wether to kill people, help people, or just be on your way.Choices you make will have an effect one way or another later down the road. I'll list the negatives first.The game has a confusing stealth system that I haven't really figured out yet, so that makes stealthing slightly unpredictable and occasionally frustrating. When enemy AI see you when they shouldn't, are hard to shake off your trail (once they see you its like they always know where you are) but if you're in a shadow you can sometimes sit right in front of them and they won't find you.They do have a lack of voice actors in the game which isn't a big deal because the storytelling and immersion make up for it, but it still can get on your nerves from time to time (keep in mind they made this game in Ukraine and had to smuggle in computers to try and work on this game, they were hampered by the country they inhabit)Thats about it for the negative parts of the review.Now for the good stuff.The game has amazing graphical quality, most of the textures are really good, even in places you wouldn't necessarily look. The lighting quality is amazing and all the monsters are very well detailed.The guns all feel solid, and while some of the monsters are bullet sponges, the gun still feels like it will do the job, and I never had the feeling that my bullets weren't registering.Interestingly enough, occasionally you will be given puzzles, not all monsters can be killed with bullets, and once you figure out how that works, the fight becomes a whole lot shorter and much more satisfying, espeically when you feel like you're outsmarting the Devs and the Monster by conquering a big rough-tough monster without firing one single bullet the entire fight.The story is good, though it may tend to branch out and try and create too many side stories near the end it still helps with the immersiondid I mention immersion? Everything in this game draws you into the world and makes you feel like you're a part of it, from trying to remember to keep your flashlight charged and filters stocked up, to the high standard of graphics acheived, to the immersive storytelling from the part of the random characters you meet in the world, it all feels like you're not some big awesome dude out to save the planet, but just part of a system and you were in the right place at the right time.Final little side note before I give the rating, Listen to the AI, they will tell you things and you will learn so much more about the story and world that you inhabit, plus you'll be much less confused, (and explore, every side door you find, GO IN IT!)Final rating is still a 9-10/10   If you're bugged by the stealth system and the lack of varied voice actors in the game, its the 9/10, if you don't care about that, its 10/10 for good storytelling, immersive environement, and good graphics!"
76561198066580119,Recommended,287390,15017120,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,iSayBooyah26,"Metro: Last Light is a First Person Shooter that takes place in post-apocalyptic Russia, years and years after a nuclear war has struck, the now wasteland filled, radioactive ruin. This survival horror is dark and ominous with just about every turn without friends to help you, the main protagonist for two games now, Artyom.Your objectives are to secure to tunnelways and metros, while helping your friends stop what they are called the 'Dark Ones'. And just so as it turns out, you have the capability to contact and communicate with these creatures, which happens to be getting in the way of what everybody else thinks of them. No matter what difficulty you play on, Light, or even the darkness is your best friend, depending on who you're fighting. Checking on ammo, making sure your oxygen supply is sufficient, and assuring that those wretched hallways filled with monsters and other things that lurk doesn't try to eat you alive is all part of what is great from what Metro: Last Light has to offer, being one of the best survival horror games to date."
,Recommended,287390,14942301,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wes,"Cool post-apocalyptic story, decent stealth and combat mechanics, and nice visuals all blend together for a fun game. The pacing of the game was questionable at some points of the game and only took me 8 hours to complete but none the less cool game and worth getting on a sale."
,Recommended,287390,19805575,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Alcat101,"Metro LL takes the 'bad ending' of Metro 2033 and continuing the story from there.Continuing the journey of Artyom from Metro 2033, now he is a full fledged Spartan elite squad.Artyom are now haunted by the action he took that kills an entire new race, or so he thought.He is then tasked with eliminating a new threat that have just been founded, but upon seeing that this new threat is just a child of the Dark Ones that he just massacred, Artyom knew that he can maybe redeem himself.Metro Last Light again delivers a single player experience just like Metro 2033, except with updated graphic quality.The gameplay mechanic are still pretty much the same with the previous title.After the main story, Metro LL offers other mode to play, supplied by the DLC (if you buy Metro LL redux, it comes with all DLC available). There are short story mission, involving a stealth sniper level and heavy combat of the fronline.Also there are some background story mission -apart from the campaign- involving the major character in Last Light, playing this might give you more insight to those major character.One of the DLC mission that shines the most is Kshatriya.You are tasked as Kshatriya, a squad that retriev whatever useful item in the surface that can be recycled and used again by the Metro populace.This mission gameplay is not quite the same with the campaign one, involving the player in a a true scavenging-survival mechanic.Air filter is non-existent in the surface and so player must frequently back to base to restock and resupply. Player are given ingame money to purchase armory and survival gear if only they brought back artifact to be cashed in.Coupled with radiation and enemy that lurks the environment, player must make flee-or-fight decision  in order to complete his task as KshatriyaA discount purchase of this item, and you can net yourself some 30 hour-ish gametime.And easy achievement"
,Recommended,287390,31358482,Posted: 25 April,all,K1dd Gram,I Screaming playing this game
76561198072100407,Recommended,287390,12961664,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mr. Joestar,"Great story, awesome environment and an amazing gameplay! definitely recommended for fps players.Redux is not different from the original, it's just next gen obviously."
,Recommended,287390,19622313,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!9/10Necessary purchaseNOTE:REDUX INCLUDES ALL DLChttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=572500010Artyoms BackMetro Last Light:Redux is a First-person shooter developed by 4A Games and published by Deep Silver ,both the same companies that made Metro 2033. Redux takes place back in the metro and you once again play as Artyom though this time you're. Along the way you'll meet a familiar cast of characters such as Khan or Miller and you've got some new guys thrown in like Moskvin and Anna.The game has 30 different chapters each ranging from about 10 minutes at the shortest and about 30-ish minutes at the longest. All of these chapters total up to about 10 hours of full gameplay in Redux. The game itself isn't much of an upgrade and honestly I didn't notice any glaring differences from normal Last Light and the Redux version.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=572961406Redux has the same systems as the 2033 Redux and really the games aren't that different in anything but the story. The main part about getting the Redux for Last Light is that it has all of the DLC with it. Each and every one of the DLC's are phenomenal and adds plenty of content for the price you pay. The characters in redux are mostly the same you've encountered throughout the series so far. The best part that makes this game so good is the levels in the Metro. This is where it took a huge improvement from 2033 and shifted into it's own sort of direction;well,this and the story that is. The levels are each precisely made for either stealth or action,much like the first game,but here you get a more open feeling even though the game is significantly more linear than 2033. The story,however, is incredibly. Metro LL is the climactic end to the Metro duo and it goes off with a bang to rival the best of them. You go through the game with an overhanging sense of this being the finale. This is the battle that decides the fate of the metro,and whoever controls D6 survives while the others wither and die. From the moment you wake in the first level to the moment your rope finally comes to an end you'll be rooting for the Artyom and,more importantly, the Polis Rangers as a whole.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=573044076Last Light is so highly-regarded here because it does something I believe that most games nowadays have trouble doing:Ending. Lots of times today you finish a game only to sit there like, that's it? Last Light finishes the series in such a way that, no matter which ending you get, you'll still feel a sense of closure to the series. Both endings are very unique and the ending you do get is decided on a scale of good to bad. You get the ""bad"" ending by default but the ""good"" ending is more of a secret on how to unlock. Make sure you do lot's of nice things like not killing people when you can and donating to the poor and you should have this ending locked down. Metro Last Light is a phenomenal ending to the series that will leave you craving more and, due to this being the redux, you get all the DLC with the base game so finishing Artyom's story doesn't necessarily mean that's it.TL;DRLast Light is a wild ride through the bombed out metro's of Moscow filled with loads of gun-slinging, mutant-stomping, totally badass gameplay that lets the series go out just how it should:With a bang.If you enjoyed this writing and want to read more of such reviews, leave a comment and check out my steam curator page atMudkips Gaming"
,Recommended,287390,30823556,Posted: 29 March,all,Baltartius,"10/10 The most impressive and atmospheric game I ever played. Truly epic story and post-apocalyptical environment.Pros:- epic story;- very detailed atmospheric environment;- great graphical effects;- great music, sound effects and voice;- great gameplay; can do action and stealth;- customizable weapons;- weapons and equipment feels realistic;Cons:- no custom saves, only auto-saves; can continue only last auto-save or choose chapters;- some choice making not intuitive; e.g. made a choice to not save Pavel, was not aware of doing choice at that moment, got bad game ending because of that ""choice""."
,Recommended,287390,22170406,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CheezFace,"Metro: Last Light is a post-apocalyptic FPS set in Moscow after a nuclear war has left the landscape barren and unhospitable (save for several different mutants) that forces the humans living in Moscow into the subways. The story follows Artyom in his journey around the Metro.Pros:Beautiful graphics (set to very high)Stunning landscape to exploreCan be challenging at timesVariety of enemiesInteresting storyMany different settingsBoss battles are fun :)While in cities, there's a multitude of activitiesMuch longer than previous titleMoral choices can be madeAt times, spooky vibes are done very well2 endingsVery cool combat and armor system (some enemies have steel armor plates that must be shot off!)Redux adds in more areas to explore and scavengePulls off the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. feelEven dying in water seems awesomeCons:Still short (about 12 hours for me)Nothing to do after completing the story unless you look to challenge yourself with harder difficultiesSmall amount of weaponsMany boss battles are simply ""Pump all of your bullets into the boss until it dies!""Minimal attachments on weapons (usually only reflex sights and maybe a sniper scope)Metro Last Light is an awesome game, and if you allow the voice to be Russian, it really immerses you!I would suggest this to anyone."
76561198064153655,Recommended,287390,25866052,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,KarliN,+) The story was fantastic! Highly Emotionally attaching. Hahaha.+) Background music was improved. The ending...Oh wow. Really. Haha.+) Mood was even better.+) They made the shopping zone more accessible than previous series.+) More guns are easily accessible.+) There were some new type of monsters including bosses. It was immensely thrilling! Hahaha.+) Female characters were great. They make the mood more colorful and fun.+) Strip club and the dancer.-) The sight was narrow. It's not a problem but still. I think it became wider than previous series. I don't know if this is because I was adjusted to it or not though.-) I wish maximum capacity for your bullets are higher than this.
,Recommended,287390,24037712,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Savydog,One of the best fps story games I have played the graphics are up to par and it has good gameplay mechanics that will put the p[layer to the test. It has elements of sci fi and action adventure. If you like lots of vodka lots of harry russians and lots of mosters I would recomend this game to you!
,Recommended,287390,23175548,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,5For | Relic,"I'm not a reader of the book series. Though I bought the game in a steam sale and gave it a try, not knowing what is expecting me. Only 10 minutes in the game it took me right with it. Now after I finished the Redux series, it is one of my favorite I have ever played.Pros:One of the greatest storiesNice graphics improvement - runs stable even on 3 screens with a HD7870Audio and video details, combined with great music give it an outstanding atmosphereSurvival mode2 endings possible, depending on what decisions the player makesThe Redux version combines two games into one, making it feel like one continuous gameCons:Just sometimes the AI behaved strangelyHad some bugs with the Night Vision, making it impossible to remove them in some missions.Definitely worth the money, especially if it's on sale. A must-play"
,Recommended,287390,16661287,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,killz,"Solid gunplay, less spooky than the first game. :)"
,Recommended,287390,33001779,Posted: 29 June,all,CaptOblivious,"It's a linear shooter but the shooting, story, and environment more than makes up for it! Definitely worth the price! Hopefully you can max it out, it actually does look beautiful!"
76561198145630421,Recommended,287390,33671693,Posted: 20 July,all,littel snek,"No need for a review, buy it."
76561198065236963,Recommended,287390,17909894,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Di3MeX,Thanks 4A Games for this wonderful game.
31256415564715416,Recommended,287390,33154330,Posted: 2 July,all,skrt,Get that game great FPS and apocalyptic feeling included definitely worth buying
,Recommended,287390,33263730,Posted: 5 July,all,Chumpkins,When you realise you spent all of your bullets on strippers
,Recommended,287390,33409038,Posted: 9 July,all,Superslimface,Great game would defo recommend especially for such a cheap price.
,Recommended,287390,34470284,Posted: 24 August,all,ZeratulVen,"If you want a game with a real story, excellent graphics, innovative weapons and challenging foes (all opposite to COD) this is for you. I really love the post-apocalyptic environment where it is, this game is one the few I've replayed more than once."
76561198232585072,Recommended,287390,26327422,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Deets,"Just like it's predessor this game  Imerses the player once again into nuclear moscow, having are hero Artyom find the last dark one to have one last contact with them eliminating the species. More plot stuff, Just buy it get the requirements and go into the darkness one last time."
,Recommended,287390,21994784,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SinTheSergal,Haven't even finished it yet. 10/10 -Has boobs.
76561198318234850,Recommended,287390,28138842,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,i╚USIo∩,"The same great game as the previous Metro 2033 Redux. I love the story and game itself and not just because of Artjome :D I am sure thatit s worth the money.If u like action single player story games, well this is the right choice. And the story is of appropriate length - not too long and short. I hope there will be another part with the same qualities."
,Recommended,287390,17436585,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,King Aria,Left comfortable life due to nuclear accident.Fought Nazis.Drank alchohol until I passed out.10/10 best Russian life simulator on the market.
,Recommended,287390,19425967,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Milo Jvrament-De-Fèr,"Despite the fact that I'm very used to categories of lengthy games (min 35 hours, up to several hundred where there's MP), I found my experience with the Metro series quite immersive. The story cannot fail to intrigue you and will indeed make you jump into Artyom's boots. Yes it's just about 10 hours on normal (9 if you don't take it with leisure, probably 15-20 if you go for harder modes) but they're gonna be really intense.As it appears Last Light has officially been included in the novel's canon too (on of the endings of the game precisely) I feel safe to say there's no point in playing Metro 2033 without going for LL too; meaning that LL is not just some made-up story totally unconnected to the original book.I can't even argue with the choice of the so-called 'moral points'. If you want a certain ending (the canon and harder one) you must act like you think Artyom would have. Do things without rushing, listening, being over-philosophical, stealthy, and so on. Also consider that they're not defined 'moral points' anywhere on the official site, media, whatever. Likewise, there's no good or bad ending. I think an explanation to the standard finale would not thatthe little Dark One did not help your people because he didn't learn what kindness was in your travels with you. It's not like the developers are trying to judge you, or the game is, the ending you get is the Dark One's judgement. I think it's somewhat understandable he doesn't want to help you since you killed off his species. Yes, his logic is pretty flawed if you consider what you do with Pavel and Lenitzsky (assuming you kill them) is exactly what his kin tried to do when you were on the tower just about to press the button: stop you by killing you. I also think Artyom should of never felt too guilty of what happened up there in metro 2033, because in the game there are really few signs of this 'peace' the Dark Ones wanted with humanity. Most seem to have forgotten too that with their attempts of communicating with mankind they killed dozens of people, wasn't that evil? One last thing I don't understand is how sparing hungry mutated carnivores does any good, sure the demon's not 'red' and simply wants to protect its child... The same that in a few years will grab your own children away and devour them. The Dark Ones seem to have a hippie-like logic regarding nature, where humans are supposed to kill 'non aimlessly' but animals can slaughter to survive.Anyway I had to get over the fact I couldn't get the 'good ending'. And if you're either the 'righteous vengeful' or the 'guns blazing' type you'll have too.As for the DLC’s, they are overall pretty good. I have no idea how much the packs were priced when they were released, so I cannot say a thing about the playtime/cost ratio – this is the redux version of Metro LL so I’ll just consider them bonus missions tossed in for free and judge them for their quality only.Most people in the reviews have around 10-11 hours recorded, and mention no DLC’s at all, meaning being detailed about them may prove useful to readers. I have not played the Sniper team and Pavel levels, and the tower either. I may refer to the missions with names that don’t precisely match with the ones in-game. To sum it up:Kshatriya – The longest of all and probably one of the most enjoyable, though I barely played this one. You impersonate a Polis stalker off to collect ‘artifacts’, so it’s mostly about scavenging stuff. The map is said to be really big and expands as you explore it. Overall I’m sure most will enjoy it.Reich – You jump into some Fourth Reich war hero’s boots, known as Hans. The mission is pretty short, but I appreciate the effort the developers made to give us some experience with our favourite factions. Try it on ranger or hc ranger if you wish, it’s really a bloodbath of reds.Anna  – It gives you the chance of re-taking the first mission on the surface, but in Miller’s daughter’s rags. I liked this one a lot, because it gives you the chance to relive moments in the main story but from a different perspective. The mission is short as the Reich’s one more or less, but adds some details to the plot if you wondered whyAnna didn’t manage to cover your♥♥♥♥♥♥. And it’s sort of cool to see Artyom fight on his own, if you got involved with the character.Khan – Another good one. It covers another piece of the main story but with side characters, namely Ulman (you) and the the namesake of the mission. You accidentally meet with the latter after stopping the communists’ train, and eventually stumble across a station Khan has a past with… You’ll see for yourself. It’s relatively long compared to the previous 2, but still plays for some 20-30 minutes.Developer level – Enjoyable for a while. The museum doesn’t offer much but it’s still nice to take a closer look to all the vicious beasts and humans you encountered in your escapade. The range and arena offer you a bunch of challenges that may be of interest if you like shooter (FPS in my jargon) games, well… for the shooting and killing. I had a lot of hopes for the Arena because battling mutants could be extremely cool, but it was a let down to see only minor enemies are featured. No librarians, bears or big momma’s for you.Through the fire – Not sure that’s its name, but it’s the one with the spiderbugs in D6. You impersonate an unnamed stalker who has just teamed up with 2 supposedly ‘tough’ guys in a bar. At normal it probably lasts some 20-30 minutes, so it’s not that bad. It’s not much of a challenge, but the ending makes you feel like wanting a sequel.I think that’s all. I loved the bonus missions altogether, because they helped cope with the fact that the game was over and I had to go on with my life. Story driven videogames are like books if they feature good narratives, story-telling, and they always leave you in a state of confusion and what not. Considering I played Metro 2033 and Last Light as if they were a single game, for a total of almost 24 hours, I could say I lived an entire day as Artyom. Let’s all hope our dear Slavic developers come up with another game, but even if they did I doubt they would set it in Moscow again."
76561197989820960,Recommended,287390,13344091,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Coldkiller,"their are more problems than the original Last-Light game such as weapon bugs you constantly keep hearing the reloading of your gun the bullit count will be stuck from time to time wich some of you might seem as cool but for a hardcore survivalist player this sucks.The Improvements are the enemys have a better skill of fighting they search for you when they are alerted much better than the (1) Last-Light,it is much harder now to keep invicible and you got to work harder to flank or make your way trough the end of a certain area.I hope improvements will be made if the bugs are removed and  the game works properly than i will defently recomend this game.I realy hope for a Metro 2035 even the Artiom Saga has been ended their are so much more ways you can let this storie continue."
76561198367951755,Recommended,287390,35376525,Posted: 1 October,all,Ridley,"""Khan once he told me, what if this little Dark One is the last of the angels, sent to save us? The fact that he returned and brought his kin...maybe this is salvation? For me? For the Order? For all of us in the Metro? ""MLL was an exploration of my own morals and ideals, my goals, and how far I'd be willing to go to be more than another tunnel-born murderer. Everything ""Metro 2033"" forgot to tell us about was explained in it`s sequel. Story and gameplay got better - I think they realised what made Half-Life great and implemented it in their games. Really looking forward to ""Metro Exodus"", hopefully it will be the perfect finishing line for Artyom adventures."
,Recommended,287390,11875452,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Krypto,"Works now. Much better optimized that the original Last Light. One thing I noticed it that the lighting itself seems to be toned down--less dynamic? Even with maxed tesselation (which for some reason even if Crysis 2 and 3 affected lighting) it seems toned down. That's okay since playability seems to be king here because it has to work on weaker console hardware. Even advanced PhysX isn't as bad on AMD hardware as it had been in the past. Maybe we'll actually be able to just use better CPUs instead of needing Nvidia hardware. As far as the original Metro 2033? I can only run that now on my 7970. My old 6870 couldn't run it that well which is one reason I opted not to play it much until a year or so ago and held off again once I heard a redux was coming.Not the upgrade PC gamers with $3000 rigs wanted, but definately the one guys with $400 gpus wanted."
,Recommended,287390,24275390,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Khorne Flakes,I think I saw a Russian Hitler.
76561198169455224,Recommended,287390,33123201,Posted: 2 July,all,WaldoClown,"Definitly one of the only games (with the first game) that litteraly (not figuratively) left me breathless, tired and shaking, yet filled with this feeling you have when you overcame a challenge. 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,26380180,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[BH] Vandalism,I like to read games and i loved every single word from Metro 2033 and Last Light. Nice experience and gameplay!
76561198123175906,Recommended,287390,21120063,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mé Fondle,"Как сообщил ОНФ и. о. заместителя председателя правительства Сахалинской  области Д. Нестеров, по изложенным фактам министерством по регулированию  контрактной системы в сфере закупок Сахалинской области проведена проверка. В целях устранения выявленных нарушений АО «Корпорации развития Сахалинской области» заключено соглашение о расторжении договора на оказание автотранспортных услуг от 31 января 2016 года № 68......EDIT : blyakha mukha"
,Recommended,287390,19130562,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,tinit,"This is a great second installment into the Metro series . The game feels a bit more linear then the first and seems to have more ""levels/missions"" then continous play. Overall this is a great story with an excellent atmosphere to keep you immersed from start to end. The first game ended a bit anticlamtic but i think in this one they do a great job of making the ending seem worth while, whilst also teasing more to come.I eagerly Await a 3rd installment......"
,Recommended,287390,33165798,Posted: 2 July,all,Griggz?,"I got gifted Metro:2033 a long time ago, and thought to myself ""I never install this game and play it, looks stupid"" boy was i wrong. the Metro:2033 & Metro: Last Light are probably up there with one of my favourite story telling games, along side dead island."
,Recommended,287390,22888652,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,anime123,Everything was beautifu from the graphics to the story.
,Recommended,287390,12849800,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,twitchhero,HOLY SH!T OMG OMG OMG....I wish that I had purchased this game earlierPRO:+cut scenes+storyline+weaponsCONS:-small glitches
,Recommended,287390,24158148,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sted,"*Slowly claps* This game is just.....i can't even describe it. If you are an adventure type of gamer you will love this. story 10/10 environment 10/10 flashbangs 10/10 game it self 10/10 (it has 1-2 crases but you just relaunch the game and BOOM you are ready to go) Tip: Use shotguns instead of ak.Just buy it already, you won't regreat it.Play metro 2033 redux first Because you need to know the storyThat's all, Money well spend in this game!"
76561198209678048,Recommended,287390,24579428,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Harmassist,Its  a fun and entertaining game i finished it  on ranger hardcore in russian  and  it was  quite  a fun and challenging playthrough.Grab it on a sale and  enjoy its  content
,Recommended,287390,12412588,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Death,"First, with the Pros:True to the games' description by the author, this is a horror survival game. Progress is determinded by how well you can survive. Elements of stealth, reconnaisance, resource utrilization and conservation, atmospheric and lighting will be key in exploration and survival.The gameplay is pretty straight-forward. Hand-holding is minimal, and the challenge progression is non-linear. Even on amateur difficulty level,Metro Last Light requires considerable skill and attention to detail to muster even the very first parts of the game. Its' a good primer for these well versed in first person shooters. On highrt levels of difficulty, the key is stealth, frugality in expending resources and firepower, and speed. Of note is the realism bhrought on by environmental factors such as lighting ( notes for stealth), radioactivity, uninhabitable atmosphere ( reminds you to keep check on filters and inventory), and the various monsters you'll face in-game. Each is a challenge unto its' own, blended into a perfect blend of horror.This, in my opinion, is one of the best horror survival games I've played in a while, and compared to the Resident Evil franchise from Capcom, Metro Last Light just stole my personal record of a horror survival game from Resident Evil.The graphics options are modest, and a recent gaming rig with a mid-range GPU should be able to handle the game on Low to Medium, without appreciable loss in visual quality. For these with high-end NVIDIA GPUs, turn on Advanced PhySX for realistic physics. You'll want to leave this ""Disabled"" on AMD GPUs and APUS. VRAM is also significant on Ultra Setting Details and resolutions above 2k-4k.Game length: Adequate and balanced. Jump right in and survive. Its' all that matters in the Metro.Caveats: On some scenery, persistent flickering of textures may be prevalent and at times, intermittent. May cause visual strain. Exasberated by playing the game in Stereoscopic 3D. Recent updates and patches have reduced this problem. However, its' still present. If flickering lights trigger epileptic episodes and syncope in the player, take note of this problem."
76561198030229496,Recommended,287390,23640767,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BARBARIAN,"Best game ever! 10/10! This is a true survival horror game at its finest. Has every aspect a player could ask for, horror, stealth, combat, monsters, bosses, and 0-90 in two seconds! One minute things are cool and clam then BAM! run for your life! The game is very long with a great story and plot, with great A.I. and cool cutscenes. Only bad thing is that the game ended :("
,Recommended,287390,14395131,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,♠ Fuzzy Dice,"This game is beautiful, both in its graphics/engine and its story/gameplay. 10 outa 10 would bang"
,Recommended,287390,19086185,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,SELLING ORIGIN ACC DM ME,Finished the game on Normal/Survival and was well worth the $5. I enjoyed this more than FN: NV because 4A/Deep Silver spent more time on the atmosphere and immersion rather than Fallout NV's Story. Still probably worth it for full price. Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,287390,16811718,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,OMajjeD,"Well,I enjoyed every minute I spend playing it,But there's somethings I don't like :1- My character didn't speak a word!! kinda weird.2- The cinematic scenes look like a game for nintendo 64!!!!but it worth it,"
,Recommended,287390,18359405,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Atlaimond,"My opinion what I wrote about the 'Metro 2033 Redux' has not changed.My review about the 'Metro 2033 Redux' is here!The atmosphere is trill great! The lights, the fogs and the sound effects are seem like as if those be real.The story still great and exciting.And the achievements almost all obtainable, except the;Test CompleteComplete the TOWER level.This achievement is a nightmare! I did not expect this hard difficulty of the 'Metro' series.So, any new what I can say now the end of the 'Metro Last Light'.Without any spoiler I can say that I was a little bit sad at the and of the story. I did first the good end but I was not happy when I had seen that end. But not drama either. It was only touching me.Except the bad and. That made me a little bit cry. Anyway I did no like make the bad and, that achievement needs that you behave as if you are a really bad person. Do not help anyone, do not listen anyone, do that what the others do not want, let everybody down, etc.So, I did not like play in this way but I wanted get that achievement.Good thinks:Great atmosphere, lights, fogs and sound effects.The much of action cut-scenes are monumental of actions.The actors did great job.I still like these sort of home made weapon design.The DLC missions are interesting.Except the'Test Complete'that is not!Bad things:I had crashed two times in 43 hours playtime.The'Test Complete'is annoying hard.I recommend this game to those who interest the sci-fi and mystic stories and bear or like the FPS games.To those who interest get all achievements, my suggestion to think more about the ''Test Complete'achievement. That can make you angry."
,Recommended,287390,33142728,Posted: 2 July,all,STAR,wish more games like this
76561198126939378,Recommended,287390,30701443,Posted: 24 March,all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Metro Last Light is a worthy successor to one of the best story driven FPS' in recent memory.Pros:- it looks stunning- the level of detail gone into the levels is outstanding- great voice over, at least the russian version- several game modes to accomodate more casual and hardcore players- it's tough as nails- damn creepy. from the spider scorpions to the shrimps, every creature is a monstrosity that will make your skin crawl- great gun play- stealth, if you're up for itCons:- are you silly? there are noneVerdict:Last Light is just great. eerie atmosphere, good sound and level design and a captivatging story will keep you coming back to this gem over and over again.the Redux is well deserved and gives this ""old"" classic the polish it deserved.if sale or not, get it."
76561198106870744,Recommended,287390,20502983,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sw4y,"The Metro series (the game and the book) has the most unique built up world in my opinion.Its just amazing how the story makes you connected with the post apocalyptic mutants, Dark ones and the Metro world.The gameplay is also very well built, because the metro line system looks linear but the developers let you use various options how to finish the quest or the whole stortyline wich makes the game more interesting and challenging.Least but not last the games physics is very well made, its so realistic how the enemy dies from 1-2 shots and sometimes the helmet takes the shots.Its also really good how the dev tam solved the healt system in the game, the realistic damage system makes the game even more better and intense!Metro is one of the best fps survival game so far I know.I really hope that the developers will continue the game by following the other Metro books stories, sometimes its not enough to read it but you want to live it trough too :)10 out of 10 would drink in every occasion again!!"
,Recommended,287390,11870102,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Porkinhiser,"I Highly reccomend this game to anyone and everyone. Although, i only had problems running the original with Advanced PhysX, i am having troubles gettings this game to boot up.I'm running it on:AMD Phenom(tm) II X4 955 ProcessorAMD Radeon HD 6900 Series Graphics Card (Not the worlds best thing, but runs most previous-gen games full, no sweat)4 GB RAM (Pitiful, i know, getting more soon)Windows 7, 64 bit yadda yadda...I get past the opening, then to the video in which i can skip, but if i skip or watch it, it crashes immediately. Same problem with 2033 REDUX.Verified game Cache, nothing wrong it seems there, Fiddled with the Resolution, Set it to my screen Res, but alas, nothing has worked.Is there a fix? Or is my computer not running it well due to lack of Nvidia/PhysX dedicated hardware?I mean, i know this is no forum or anything but still, this is a problem i have come across with this game, and i am not sure if it affects others.ALL IN ALL THOUGH, Despite it not being able to run at the moment, i have no regrets. This game is brilliant, the Novels are brilliant, the Metroverse is BRILLIANT. 10/10. I rate it 8/8 M8"
,Recommended,287390,32356608,Posted: 11 June,all,Unit,Im still erect10/10
76561198038502647,Recommended,287390,22607227,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Revelation,Love the story <3
,Recommended,287390,17336332,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Suo,"Extremely intense, immersive, detailed, scary, disgusting and fun."
76561198261162974,Recommended,287390,30929513,Posted: 3 April,all,Mojsej Flow,Perfect apocalyptic game where the great story definitely recommend! :)
,Recommended,287390,18271338,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,I AKU!,"While I felt 2033 Redux was okay, I really enjoyed Last Light. I think its mainly because you fight a lot more human enemies and the mechanics allow you to play it like games like new Wolfenstein, Dishonored, and Deus Ex where you can be stealthy, go loud, or mix and match. It makes the combat a lot more fun to me compared to fighting monsters, which I did a lot more of in 2033, which I found boring. Definitely a fun FPS and an improvement over 2033."
,Recommended,287390,32353781,Posted: 11 June,all,AFarCryAway,"THE SAGA CONTINUES! Artyom will return in Metro: Exodus so why not play one of the best post-apocalyptic games ever made? The tight combat, survival mechanics, and great atmosphere continue in the dark and dangerous catacombs beneath an irradiated Moscow!"
,Recommended,287390,31716492,Posted: 12 May,all,MEMER,A good second half of the series and a great conclusion. buy the bundle on sale.
,Recommended,287390,23192080,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Oralech,I highly recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥too.
76561198069836657,Recommended,287390,33138795,Posted: 2 July,all,RelativeThought,Good sequal. Makes me anxious for a third
,Recommended,287390,32947569,Posted: 28 June,all,漢Han,good
,Recommended,287390,33771863,Posted: 24 July,all,Old Uncle Skeeter,If Hillary won simulator.
,Recommended,287390,14400176,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,4K Dragon,<3
,Recommended,287390,23371167,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Will,I would Strongly reccomend this game  if you are a parent I would have a couple concerns if you are buying this for your child (younger than at least 15-16)there are 2 scenes in the story that have nudityit has a Rich story and I mean seriously richer than Hershey Special Dark just play the game you'll understand.
76561198136241421,Recommended,287390,21880182,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PunkKid,I think im kinda late too review but i would like to have some more DLC missions for this game :)
,Recommended,287390,17904048,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dieonik,"Not sure? Check out my Let's Play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsHTxVVvyo0&list=PLXxY71InyRB5lMvGiZRIjiEY_m0nDVljpIt's a little slower than Metro 2033 imo, but still a good time."
,Recommended,287390,17933089,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Danieru Senpai,"This game is really well optimized and the gameplay is top notch.Graphics are beautiful, the environments have great atmosphere and details and the story and missions are very fun to play through, although also scary at times."
,Recommended,287390,17945943,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,EvilLost,"A remake of Last Light in A4's new engine, the game is one of the best looking and most atmospheric games I've ever played.PROS:-Incredible graphics and visuals (assuming your computer can handle it)-Good storytelling / immersion-Can stealth the entire game or go guns blazing.NEUTRALS:-Combat with some of the rifles tends to be shakey at times (accuracy on the kalash got weird on me in at least 2 scenes)-""Survival"" or ""Spartan"" mode seem pointless. I picked Spartan mode; perhaps that is why there was an overabundance of resources (maybe survival is harder? I don't know)CONS:-Game is really easy, even on the hardest setting (Ranger Hardcore). I had max ammo/filters/medkits pretty much the entire playthrough and I was using them freely (Spartan mode).-Stealth mechanics (in spartan mode anyway) were pretty dumb. I could practically walk right up to a guy and he wouldn't see me.-Essentially zero replay value, although LL does include a couple of extra missions to play after you beat the game."
,Recommended,287390,17966641,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,rauq,Great follow up to Metro 2033 - 10/10 would play again.
76561197964827176,Recommended,287390,17983747,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[Linux]MiniGonzo,Amazing game.Works great under Linux (w/ nVidia drivers).
,Recommended,287390,18009437,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Reeze The Vampire,"A truly delightful game. Not only is it gorgeous, but it has fantastic gameplay. Even though the world is linear, there are so many ways to complete each mission and there are so many things to find. The story is very intriging as well with some nice supernatural and horror aspects. There is a certain something about it that really pulled me in. I was always interested with the happenings inside the metro. I really reccommend this game to just about anyone."
,Recommended,287390,18013092,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dom™,"Go and buy that Metro Redux, it's awesome. Some call it masterpiece, indeed it is."
,Recommended,287390,18013512,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Backy,"Extremely atmoshpheric first person shooter experience. Mostly on rails with some points where you can branch off for extra loot. Semi-generic storyline, but pretty fun gameplay. Opening sequence is pretty boring."
76561198019965958,Recommended,287390,17511820,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Z the Wolf,"The game isn't too long, and the story isn't anything extraordinary but I really love the game for it's atmosphere and graphics. Up to date I don't think I've seen a post apocalyptic world look so beautiful in any other game. Metro Last Light sure feels like an adventure, mostly because of the diversity when it comes to enemies. We'll deal with humans as well as with various mutated creatures. Gameplay wise the game is pretty solid. I didn't encounter any bugs."
76561198031324041,Recommended,287390,17797087,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,Fantastic atmospheric game that has some kind of hidden moral system. There are two endings and if you want the good ending be sure to listen to all the conversations between refugees/soldiers and explore everywhere so you can find hidden stashes. Its a nice follow up to Metro 2033 just a bit short in length.
76561198096419353,Recommended,287390,18036350,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Spiff,"This is one of the best FPS games I have played. The first one, Metro 2033, is also great but they really streamlined things in this game. The game can be frustratingly difficult at times depending on the difficulty you choose which is refreshing nowadays. The stealth is spot on and allows for entire levels to done without firing a single bullet if you wish, or you can go the other way and just run and gun....but you will quickly run out of ammo and be in a very bad place. There are game modes that will give more ammo drops in the game which will allow you to just run around spraying bullets if you wish but if want to do that there are other games that will fit better in my opinion. This is a resource management game where you don't know whats going to happen next but you need to be ready for it so you dont die. The game is not for the faint of heart as there will be multiple parts when you just want to hide in that nice little hole you've found and never leave. Great graphics and gun varieties allowing you choose how you fight in the metro of post-apocalyptic Russia."
,Recommended,287390,18074979,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Rollins,A worthy sequel to Metro 2033 with great gameplay and a decent story to match.
,Recommended,287390,18090162,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,superduperstorms,Amazing gameplay and story shows the russian side of the nuclear fallout.
,Recommended,287390,18102855,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,sektor,Great game. Super sequel to the first game. Story is still interesting and more action oriented in my opinion. Makes you think over life a bit. 9/10 for me.
76561198021222490,Recommended,287390,30717524,Posted: 24 March,all,"A Smug, Evil Grin","EXTREMELY great story, EXTREMELY great gameplay, EXTREMELY great detail, and EXTREME♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10, if there's more story, I cant wait to play the next game."
,Recommended,287390,22934497,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Jorick,"Why should you play this game at all ? Whether you're a seasoned FPS player, looking for a challenge; or a new player to the genre, who is sick of all the shallow as hell, worthless games released nowadays, then this game is made for you. This game offers you an incredibly deep lore/story to get immerged in, through the eyes of Artyom, a young man that grew up in Moscow's Metro, 20 years after a nuclear war that wiped out mankind from the face of the Earth. This very event made appear mutated animals on a completely radioactive surface, and while some human groups still band together and try to survive in a cold, dirty, and dark metro, a lot of communities went full retard, becoming Neo Nazis, Stalin Era Communists, bandits, etc.. Moreover, the game has paranormal/psychic events going on, which make it even creepier at some times.Only a few things you should know, it's not a perfect game, far from that, the graphics are a bit old, facial expressions aren't well done, and some other minor details, like the game may appear as a bit short (if not played on the maximum difficulty, being Survival Ranger), and the karma system doesn't make a lot of sense sometimes. If you're willing to get this game, I strongly advise you to also buy Metro 2033 Redux aswell, which is the sequel of this game; you're going to be a bit lost otherwise.If you see the game on sales, do not even hesitate one second, buy it, this is one of the best single player game I've seen made in a long time."
,Recommended,287390,21039729,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,John McMeme,10/10Amazing storyFew bugs and stuff like that but the game makes up for it in my opinio$4.99 for both ot the Metro games.It's worth more.
,Recommended,287390,20251400,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tengoki,"So Much Background story, it drags you in without your notice. Has Very good stelth mechanics. Allies arent Stupid and will shoot along side of you."
,Recommended,287390,19953198,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Samwise The Brave,"This game was a perfect sequel. The story is great and the atmosphere is great as long as you like survivalism with a hint of supernatural. It gives a Stalker feel to it. There isn't many characters and most aren't fleshed out, besides Artyom and his buddy ol pals you meet and love. Short review but if you like Stalker or any story driven shooter this is worth a try. I'd rate 9/10 but it lost one point because spiders are scary."
,Recommended,287390,20308877,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,L3neeee Bierko,Pretty damn adventurous game if you're looking for some good ole campaign.
76561198070757206,Recommended,287390,20256096,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JoJo,"One of the best Singleplayer, Post-apocalyptic, FPS  game every made. Also the story is amazing and it has multiple endings."
,Recommended,287390,20468764,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Christopher,This game lags on my pc but I've turned down the settings and it works just fine I recommend this game to all the people who like apocalypse like games and I really like the METRO franchise:D
,Recommended,287390,20864632,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,game0n ! SurFac1nG),enjoyed verry much
,Recommended,287390,21273780,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kidzor,"""cнυvaĸ, are yoυ ѕeeιng тнιѕ ѕнιт, тoo?""I definitely recommend this game! :D 10/10"
76561198087053214,Recommended,287390,21162402,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,anthonypjo,If you liked Metro 2033... Last light is even better. Just finish 2033 before.
,Recommended,287390,19377334,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ФИАСКОMEN,Nice Game !
,Recommended,287390,23798736,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alpha-Bravo-Cheese-Cake,It's one of my favorite game seriesThe graphics I would rate it 9/10. the post apocalyptic environment feels so real!The sound quality is greatThe Gameplay is good and smoothStory 9/10I'm glad that they made this redux versionBuy it you won't regret it.
,Recommended,287390,23627010,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sireristof1332,Cheeki breeki
76561198076757867,Recommended,287390,20393055,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Damyel,"One of the best shooters i've ever played hands down. Light cobwebbs on fire with your bullet lighter. Recharge your flashlight with a crank, and kill Communists, Nazis and mutants with your pimped out air powered ball bearing night vision sniper rifle!Veridct: this game has boobz ;3"
76561198292340423,Recommended,287390,23539264,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Naughty Wanda,"This is not a game anymore, it's actually an expirience, The immersion this game brings is unbelivable. So lock your rooms door cause (the following spoiler does not effect the story)this game features boobies. 3 pairs to be exact.Although if you haven't played metro 2033 you might find yourself a bit out of place, but it is definitely a masterpiece on it's own. I'd say it's as good as it's predecessor so it's a fantastic game, one of the best story driven fps game I ever played (Besides Half Life of course). Stealth sections are a bit derpy at times but it's a good way to save yourself bullets. Speaking of bullets, this is a survival horror game so be sure to often check your environment especially if you play on a harder difficulty setting.+ The graphics are still phenomenal even though its 2016.+ I had no issues with running the game whatsoever+ Try to challenge yourself and play on a harder difficulty setting+ You only need to buy Metro 2033. That is, if you still haven't played ( Buy the Remastered ""Redux"" version)+ You get all of the DLC included with this ""Redux"" versionThis couldn't be a better offer for a 20 buck masterpiece"
76561198300767749,Recommended,287390,22946758,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DRaGOnSLaYEr69,worth the five bucks
76561198038611103,Recommended,287390,22947678,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,beastxxwar,"One of the greatest games i have ever played.Great storyline, great atmosphere, amazing graphics, immersive world and characters.  This game has everything you would want in a single player experience and presents it in a way that is immersive, suspenseful, and uniquely satisfying.   The world of the Metro is beautifully brought to life, yet retains a darkness and grit to it that i have yet to see in any other game.  I dont usually like ""suspense"" or ""horror"" games, but this game changed my mind.Both metro games have elements of stealth, heartpounding horror around every corner, intense gunfights, mysterious and dastardly enemies, deep characters background, all wrapped up superbly in a terrifying world filled with monsters and men alike, in a believable atmosphere that delivers an elegant depiction of the good, bad and the ugly of humanity.  Moral choices will affect your game experience and the thought provoking storyline with leave you wanting to come back for more.  I can honestly say i was sad when i finished it.  I would recommend this game to anyone regardless of your particular taste in videogames.  A MUST PLAY!"
,Recommended,287390,22949276,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Emerald,"At first, I was skeptical of the game. I'd entered the game, never having played a Metro game before, and expected just another Fallout game kinda thing. But no, the moment I got into it, I was fascinated by it, I wanted to explore more... And I immediately discovered, this wasn't anything like fallout. This game had me trying to take everything slow... I didn't even want to attempt to go in guns blazing, because I would be slaughtered in a hail of gunfire, or claws.This game was nothing short of an amazing experience. I felt chills to my spine, surprise, anxiety, even panic in plenty of situations. And I didn't even try the hard mode yet. But I love this game to bits. One too many shots missed... It's all it takes to die in some cases.The automatic optimization is also an amazing feature, and it made me immediately feel comfortable in the game after it got to the title screen.I won't spoil anything about story, but I give this game an 8/10, an amazing game. I'd recommend it to all."
76561198063803819,Recommended,287390,22949803,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"A very well constructed post-apocalyptic Russian story based single-player FPS with stealth and scavenging elements present throughout. The only issues I had were graphic related like screen stuttering, dropped frames and screen freezes which I had to go into the operating files to fix (or at least reduce). Without giving away any spoilers it kept me entertained enough for several playthroughs and I recommend it if you like any of the previously mentioned game styles.*Be sure to buy the pack so you get both games. It should be about 7.49 USD on sale and lets you experience the whole story."
76561198076732239,Recommended,287390,18957682,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zumorito Chikari,It's a simple FPS game but the story and design of game are so beautiful.
,Recommended,287390,19097230,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,RunOrShoot?,"Going underground (again)The original Metro 2033 game was dripping with atmosphere and was a fine, if flawed, example of the survival horror genre. MLLR is less survival horror and more conventional shooter, and that’s a shame. That said, however, it’s still an atmospheric game. The Moscow subway, and the desolate surface, are realistically rendered and brought to life by some impressive creature design. There’s a good range of environments and the gameplay varies to some extent, although it remains a standard shooter at heart. The story is more developed than most and is bolstered by good voice acting. There are also some nice set-pieces and dramatic cut scenes. It’s also a shame, however, that there is very little humour. The combat is challenging at times (Survival mode – haven’t played it on Spartan yet) but is never frustrating. The controls, however, can be annoying at times, especially when using the lighter/way-finder. There are also a few bugs related to gas mask filter changes. Overall, however, MLLR is a fantastic-looking and absorbing game, even though it lacks the tension of the first. 4/5"
,Recommended,287390,17310430,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Astrowuffs,Great game for people who like fps or stealth survival games. If your in it for its story which is the entire point of the game I reccomend that you either read or play 2033 so you actually know whats going on. doubleplus good.
,Recommended,287390,16429656,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mr.F0X,"A lot of sequals to games lack certain aspects that made the first so entertaining, but not Last Light. Metro 2033's stealth parts were mainly optional, I could run and gun my way through with ease. Last Light on the other hand stealth parts were much more dubious, once spotted its very easy for the enemy to over run and out flank your position. The game also had many more boss fights with larger breeds of monster, something the first one desperately lacked considering the main boss was one of the demons which you didnt face until the end. The karma meter in the game was also a nice touch, there were atleast  6 different instances where people surrendered to you and you decided their fate. I chose to execute most of them. (If you let an enemy go on the battle field in real life chances are you will end up fighting them again sooner or later) and atleast 2 instances to help innocent civilians escape their demise. The meter also effects the outcome of the game, though you cant tell what side of the meter you are on. I found myself also repeating chapters more than first as well, i.e not having enough air filters to last through long tough fights, or a broken mask coming into the wasteland. The only thing i felt it lacked was the sense of exploration the first had. Considering your in the metro more in this one that came as no surpise. Keys for locked objects were harder to find, and there were more boxes with supplies hidden in them as well.The weapons were also much more tailored to your play style, the addition of the RPK, Valve Rifle, and Automatic shotgun added a much more intense combat experience should you choose it.  Overall, to me it was much better than Metro 2033 and definately worth getting if you were a fan of the first.Thanks for reading!"
76561198085171447,Recommended,287390,17471651,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,dogboat333,"Metro Last Light. The sequel to the game Metro 2033 which was based off the same book by Dmitry Glukhovsky, Last Light takes a bit of an unexpected turn. Instead of following the plot of the book the first one was based on's sequel, Metro 2034, the developers with assistance of the author came up with their own plot for this game, due to the fact that Metro 2034 is apparently not very gameworthy. Like 2033, it was rereleased for the new gen consoles as well as PC, providing new graphics and some other minor tweaked things. Unlike 2033, I had played Last Light before with the original Xbox 360 version and liked it a lot, so I decided to take another look on my PC. So how was it? Well, let's take a look. Minor spoilers for 2033.STORY: You once again play as Artyom, who, since the last game, has become a Ranger. He is sent out one day to investigate the ruins of the Dark One's former home, where there are reports of a young Dark One still living there. While there, Artyom is captured by the Nazi faction and escapes with his new ally Pavel, a Red soldier who says he will help Artyom get to a neutral station and get him to the Dark One. Things end up not going as planned, but I won't get into that because spoilers. The story goes a bunch of different directions, all of which keep you interested in going on with it. It's a pretty good story, a lot better than 2033, which is saying a lot. The endings are the same basic idea; you get or lose morality points throughout the game, which will affect which ending you get depending on how many you have. I've seen both, and it's worth going for the morally good ending since the bad one... it's kind of depressing. xD They also go into the history of the Metro and add some neat lore into there, which is pretty neat. Overall the story is excellent.GAMEPLAY: The game is very similar to Metro 2033, which is not a bad thing at all since it is good. Gunplay is good, and they have some more gunfights, which can get really tense. There was one battle where I had fought against this boss animal and when the battle was over I was out of normal ammo and had to resort to using military grade rounds, which are more damage efficient but they're better used to save up and buy ammo and guns. Stealth gameplay is pretty good as well and it's a good alternate to going in guns blazing when you can do it, though it does show that the AI is a bit... lacking. It is a bit better than the original version, but I still get some moments that I scratch my head and wonder, ""How the heck did he not see me?"" The surface levels from 2033 make a return, where you have to use a gas mask and air filters to be able to stay up there for longer than a minute without suffocating. They're fun like last time and are a nice change from the narrow metro tunnels. Overall the gameplay is fun.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: The game looks pretty dang good. The metro tunnels look gritty and the outside environments are breathtaking to look out. The game played well on my rig, though it had some lower FPS on the later levels, though I think it was more because of my crappy rig and if you have a good system you shouldn't have any problems.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: The voice acting quality from the last game carries over to this one. There are mostly Russian accents in the game, though some German ones for some members of the Nazi factions, and I think the only way you can make it feel more authentic is if you had them only speak Russian, which you can actually set up in the options with subtitles of whatever language you need, but I'm fine with the English dubbing, thank you very much. :P Artyom still doesn't speak outside of the game, which is pretty awkward at times, but ah well. A lot of characters from the last game, like Khan and Miller, are in here as well and do some neat stuff. There's also a female sniper named Anna who you, kind of randomely the more I think of it, start a romantic relationship with. They're all fine though characterwise, so I won't be mad for that.FINAL THOUGHTS: This was my second favorite game that came out in 2013 (my number one being GTA5 for all those who were curious), and it felt great to replay it. 9.5/10, it's a really good game and you should check it out sometime soon as well as 2033. Both are pretty good. Here's to hoping for another Metro gameEven in dark times, we cannot relinquish the things that make us human"
,Recommended,287390,17651792,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,altrewin,"As Metro Last Light Redux is rather similar to Metro 2033 Redux I will link you to my review of 2033 Redux[HERE]Now onto Metro Last Light Redux, as with 2033 Redux this game is fantasticly immersive. With stunning scenery and a gripping storyline, to the point where some scenes (especiallyThe Airplane Crashinggave me goosebumps all over my body, it really pulled me in. The game continues with the gorgeous post-apocalyptic art style, and great combat and game mechanics. I highly recommend this game along with 2033 Redux. Buy the bundle, it's really that good."
,Recommended,287390,17486849,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,WolveN,This game teach me russian language
76561198069254904,Recommended,287390,22963227,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,hungryaf,love the game
,Recommended,287390,22963372,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,freon,pretti noice
76561197990334894,Recommended,287390,22971849,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Umbras,Fantastic!
,Recommended,287390,22972089,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,"GLH/MM,RL TRADER/",NIce Horror game good graphics and good game i hope don't play childrens
,Recommended,287390,22978150,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Susu Bendera,This is better than 2033
,Recommended,287390,22988077,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Shira,"This game is totaly worth buying it.It's has a cool plot, awesome graphics and music in it. Great combat system, including the stealth part. Smart AI which is really hard to find for this type of genre. Gameplay by itself is never getting boring.Strongly recommend this one!"
76561198028083431,Recommended,287390,30747868,Posted: 26 March,all,Turbo Beaver,This is how you make a sequel! Definitely worth your time!
,Recommended,287390,22130042,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Makrelsalat,"The good:Good story telling through your traditional first person perspective.The guns feel satisfying and are upgradeable, the stealth elements are standard but decent.The game looks absolutely amazing and excels in creating an atmosphere.Several ways to play the game and choices to make.Booooooooooobs.The bad:The Russian accents are unfavorable. Why not just English accents? At least now you got the option to change it to Russian voiceovers, but sometimes there are several voices going on and you'll have no idea what one of them is saying.No borderless window mode.Unskipable intro (unless you mess with some of the files).If you get discovered through the stealth parts, everyone suddenly knows where you are.The children voiceacting are cringeworthy.... I really can't find any other bad parts about this game, the good really outweights the bad. It's a great sequel to an already great game.Only huge gripe I have about this game is that I tried really hard to not play as a 'bad guy' yet I got the bad ending, despite having done many good deeds throughout the game.As for the horror elements; it wasn't quite as scary as the first game. Perhaps only because I knew what to expect after the first game. The game isn't horror in its core, but it tells the story with horror elements.If you liked Metro 2033, you will definitely like Metro Last Light."
,Recommended,287390,20071008,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Göteborgs Rapé XR,Incredible game but if you're going to be invested in the story buy the first one and play it before this one.
,Recommended,287390,22982532,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[77y] Juggy,This game is just perfect. Some chapters are scary and hard.Some bugs are there but nothing important. You should buy this game and try it on your own!
,Recommended,287390,16608384,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Thot Remover,"Grate game, love the storyline and graphics, plus, it's in the MOTHERLAND."
,Recommended,287390,30836459,Posted: 30 March,all,BubbleSwan,"Rich story with different endings, love the charatcters and the atmosphere they've created. Really intense, I got spooked sometimes when the creatures attacked me. And the shooting is awesome, love all the weapones. Meanwhile, the graphic is stunning, especially the lightings. What really moved me is that the songs. In a nut shell, great gaming experince, vast scenes, interesting stories, horror ambient, which they really did a good job on these. Right now, I'm waiting for the 2035, which I hope they have Co-op to play with friends and walk through the game storyline together, to survive together, to fight  together that would be more fun, right?"
,Recommended,287390,30804629,Posted: 28 March,all,Eugene,"If you like games like fallout, or any other dark grungy post apocalyptic themed game you will love this. The gameplay is fun and intense, with different playstyles from silent and stealthy, to guns blazing. While the game is pretty linear the levels allow for a decent amount of exploration, and doing so will reward you with the rare resources of ammo, medkits, or other useful items. There is a wide array of guns, with different customization options and uses - from a high powered pressure gun to a rifle that utilizes electricity. The enemies are lacking in diversity, but that doesnt detract from the intense chases, and thrill of action.The world is masterfully crafted, with a beautiful post apocalyptic feel and tone to it. The people, settlements and locations all reflect that very well and you will find yourself intrigued with the plot and relationships between the factions.  Not only is the story interesting and relevant, but it allows for some choices and player moral to affect the outcome of the game. It creates a great connection to the person you play, and helps immersion.For currently 6$ for both Metro games, this is a must buy."
76561198123851954,Recommended,287390,30804037,Posted: 28 March,all,s19pajua,this is my second ever review and i just got to say this game BLEW ME AWAY it is so damn good and could not stop playing this is a game i will play over and over for sure it is just so unique and not just a brainless shoot everything type of game the writing is spot on and this unique setting is beautiful and incredible to expierence
,Recommended,287390,30919858,Posted: 3 April,all,Harshit_NSIT,"bought it very cheap ,although it deserves a lot.a well written game with a lot of small details(not just graphical).feels immersive .thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,287390,19085429,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LuisLivro69,It's surprisingly fun! I like it how you have to manage
,Recommended,287390,13646129,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[TAW] Spyker ツ,I really like the overal atmozfear in this game ! the story is a bit short but i hope in the next metro game the will enable a multiplayer :)
76561198013136696,Recommended,287390,19590200,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mungojerrie,"A worthy successor to its predecessor, this iteration is more streamlined, longer, looks and runs better and delivers a decent conclusion to the story. The 'good' ending, which is canon, is really hard to get - nearly impossible without guides and on your first run. It has some pacing issues and a couple of boring repetitive sections, which you can stealth through and avoid killing another dozen of bad guys.Thrilling, atmospheric, graphically impressive, has an varied selection of difficulty levels - without a doubt worth the asking price, if you're interested in a good postapocalyptic FPS with some slight RPG and horror elements."
76561198008180658,Recommended,287390,16537185,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mokoma,"Metro 2033: ""ARTYOM, YOU MUST GO TO POLIS STATION, ARTYOM YOU MUST GO TO D6, ARTYOM YOU MUST RESCUE METRO""Metro Last Light: ""ARTYOM YOU MUST KILL THE DARK ONE, ARTYOM YOU MUST SAVE THE DARK ONE. ARTYOM YOU MUST SAVE METRO""And what do both parts have in common asides from going from place to place, killing mutants, breathing in iradiated ozone, and saving metro?Lots, and lots, and lots, and lots...AND LOTS of shroom vodka."
,Recommended,287390,19827697,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,XenovuzXapter,Introduction: I never completed the original Metro Last Light but this time I decided to and I don't regret it even though I got stuck for a few hours on some levels due to those horde of Monsters!Also I'm a little disappointed that you still can't move away the bodies of knocked out/killed enemies though the AI doesn't reacts much either.Besides that overall I like this franchise now and will be looking forward to the games in future from this studio.Campaign: The campaign continues the story from Metro 2033 so I would recommend playing that first as the storyline is the strongest point of this game and yes its based on a novel! So you can read the novel too though I'm not aware of the differences between the game and the novel. Besides that the Campaign is quite linear so yes this might not appeal to everyone but actually there is moral point system in the game which in the end determines which ending you get.Moral points are awarded based on your action towards other NPC's.Basically if you take a stealth approach and don't kill enemies unnecessarily you're more likely to get the relatively 'good' ending and the opposite more likely guarantees the relatively 'bad' ending'.Conclusion: Overall I would definitely recommend getting this game especially the Redux Bundle Pack on sale which includes both the games (2033 and Last Light). Even after you complete the campaign there are a few extra missions so yes there is a little replayability there though yes mostly the game is quite linear but all those little actions you do in the game do make a difference in the end of the game which isn't that bad!
,Recommended,287390,16683803,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Haircut monkey,"Amazing game, 10/10. Where the hell is the sequel."
,Recommended,287390,16362745,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,momo,"Thank you, Dimitri Glukhovsky !"
,Recommended,287390,16022611,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,XEpicGodX || Faye,"Metro Last Light, how do I describe this game? There are many words to use, most of them suitable, but you truly must play this game to understand why I say them! These words are 'depressing, heart crushing, brick-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, recidivistic' and so on. No, I don't mean repetitive when I mean recidivism - this game just makes you relapse into negative behavior of the previous three words. There are reasons for this below:Pros:Great story! Fantastic and ended beautifully! Good and bad ending!Multiple endings! All good actions take you to the good ending, you screw up though and you get the bad one!Difficult on harder difficulties. I know this sounds like a given, but I mean REALLY difficult. As in, you're not stealthing, you're not doing it right.The little details. Again, may seem rather tedious and stupid, but in actuality, it helps bring this game to life! The effort put into this game was astronomical!Graphically amazing! The art design was also flawless!Most of the sound was VERY good! Most of which.Cons:Bad ending happens under the smallest screw ups, one of the options even became a meme 'Said yes to stripper, got bad ending'. You'll get to that in game, and deal with it then!Gameplay can be a bit tedious in the early game! It picks up thoughGetting lost from bad level design. Happens every once in a while.Guns sound terrible! Unless silenced, but loud weapons sounded horrible! You'll favor the silenced pistol most of the game if you enjoy good sounding and looking guns.This game can be summed up as good gameplay, but flawed never the less! The story was very well written and envoked every emotion it wanted to when it wanted to! Great game, but sometimes I feel as if it was trying TOO hard to make me feel sad. But that was one scene in which I won't spoil. If you don't find the scene, it means it was just me! I wasn't too sure of it though, so I didn't include it in the review! My final verdict for this game is:7/10It's a solid game! Great even! But it has it's flaws, but for the price it's currently going for, it's surely something that you should have in your library!"
76561198070212652,Recommended,287390,16375228,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,wildnike,-Runs out of filters-Sees people in what looks like an obvious cutscene-Reassures self that everything is fine-Sees there is a wide open area ripe for a boss fight in between them and myself-Fffffffffffffffffffffff-Nothing happens-Reassures self again-Boss Fight-FFFUUUUUUUUUUU10/10 Would suffocate endlessly in a radioactive wasteland again
76561198065822415,Recommended,287390,18604449,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[C]pt.Morgan,"Well...Metro Last Light is one of the best games I have ever played... The story is amazing, graphics are breathtaking, it is scary at some moments as well :) sooo.. i am recommending it to whoever red the book or whoever likes scary games or post apocalyptic games"
,Recommended,287390,16745157,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,xXStrosXx,Well...I bought the game for 10E and i am glad to say that i enjoyed it very much! The game is just perfect and it is worth its money! The grafics are perfect and along with the atmosphiere it is just amazing! You do not certenly have to play metro 2033 to understand the story. All you have to do is to possess a good pair of headsets -so you can become one with the game- and let the game lead you to its glory!! It is not a very big game though(9 hours average).So buy it and enjoy !
,Recommended,287390,17105922,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Legend BoBo ☭,Best Game I ever Play.
,Recommended,287390,17454776,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,✪ Stanca,Best FPS game ever ! Metro Last Light and Metro 2033 !
,Recommended,287390,17480105,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ammy,"Definitely an improvement from Metro 2033 redux with a great expansion/complexity improvement on level design and the game mechanics along the way. New enemies, Bosses that are reasonable challenging, New weapons to try out and experiment and more trippy illusions you can encounter along your journeyYou get the DLC for this game for free since this is technically the “GOTY edition” but that isn’t exactly a good thing. The extra content is either rehash content from Metro 2033 redux (same levels different setup) or extremely annoying on any difficulty like the Tower pack or the Reich line defense mission where you get the joy of being pin down by 6 Snipers who can 2 shot you.Everything aside there are a couple gems included in the entirety of the DLC missions like revisiting the library as a looter and a mission where you get to play Anna on the very beginning of the game when you 2 are carrying out your 1st mission.Lastly this game has some sort of graphically bug where map elements dispear and reappear for no reason, althought its fairly rare it might happen to you durring your playtrough a handfull of timesPS: You might want to tinker with your files for you don't need to watch the Cinimatic intro on every boot"
,Recommended,287390,17366770,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,macadamstreet,If its hostile. kill it
,Recommended,287390,17115508,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,executable,get captured by aryan supermists with german accentsgame takes place in Moscow10/10 would say best logic
76561198018662450,Recommended,287390,17118475,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Scrummy,"I have played each game at least a half a dozen times each, maybe more. It has beautiful graphics, engaging music and immersive levels. I like to be able to fight back when I play a survival horror game. And the balance of helplessness and capability is perfect (on ranger hardcore).I wish I had the words to truly explain this game the way I see it but I just don't. This game is probably my all time favorite game ever (having played games since the Atari and Nintendo days this is saying something). I would recommend this game to anyone and especially to those that enjoy a FPS with a GOOD story.On a side note the books are equally as good but very different from the game story wise. I am very excited to see the continuation of this franchise."
76561198147484130,Recommended,287390,17124646,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,False Ras,I loved Metro: last light redux the fighting things was great fun. on the bad side was when i first played i could never get enough filters so i died quite a bit sadly. the gameplay was nice and graphics where great all round a good game.
76561198073508927,Recommended,287390,30697991,Posted: 23 March,all,akridslayer15,"This game has an amazing story and is a great shooter, it is a must get!"
,Recommended,287390,23655439,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ｂｉｇ Ｇａｖ (Gone till December),Probably one of the best games ive played in a long time. The design of the game is beautiful and just all around perfect
,Recommended,287390,33169859,Posted: 2 July,all,Luoravetlan,"The stealth in this game is the most fun part. But for that stealth to work you should be careful and not enter new doors with flashlights on. And of course buy enough filters.And I don't like the monsters part at all. Most monsters have too much health, at least creatures in the swamp do have. But the most frustrating part is the level called Undersity which I am playing now. I understand that developers intentionally mixed stealth levels with some action levels but they certainly overdid it. Absolutely unnecessary levels crammed with d*mned ugly monsters. The swamp level is f*cking irritating too when you do a wrong step and fall underwater like a helpless toddler.But the game is still fun."
76561198035057060,Recommended,287390,33166242,Posted: 2 July,all,Slav,a great game with a great story what i have no problem re playing at any stage
76561198184224647,Recommended,287390,33162730,Posted: 2 July,all,GFX,Simply amazing story
,Recommended,287390,22255668,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ag3nt ,"THIS GAME IS INSANE!!!I love this game.It has plot twists, betrayal and love between your charachter and other characters.Your choices in being nice or evil effect the ending all the way through changing the story as you go. Every move you make and shot you take. There are many achivements and lost of challenging levels that I struggled on. But never ever forget:Even in the despair and gloom of the Metro...They still have strip clubs :D"
76561198153361389,Recommended,287390,33300819,Posted: 5 July,all,Darude DragonStorm,This has been the best singleplayer game I have ever played. I am nowhere near finishing the story but I love it so much. It really makes you feel for the main character and what he is going through. when you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off just gun down some Nazis it really makes the mood better. The graphics are on par and in my opinion are better than some newer games (The divison water reflection) yet still not needing the insane power play at high settings.10/10 would shotgun gatling gun a Nazi again
,Recommended,287390,33364681,Posted: 7 July,all,Spoon,I♥♥♥♥♥FR0M RUSSINA GERMAN SECKS
,Recommended,287390,33389330,Posted: 8 July,all,ุ,When i play cs go----------------------● ＴＡＲＩＫ : go surrender i want to play metroPlayer Eagle™ left the game (Disconnect)>> Waiting for all players to connect.Eagle™ abandoned the match and received a 30 minute competitive matchmaking cooldown.Halloween : lol● ＴＡＲＩＫ : thats it>> Waiting for all players to connect.Halloween : Go play metro
76561197986416959,Recommended,287390,33209366,Posted: 3 July,all,MrH,"I just finished it and I loved it, fantastic atmosphere, stunning visuals, interesting story and tight gameplay. If you enjoy linear, story driven FPS campaigns you will love Last Light, and at £3.74 how can you say no? Buy it."
,Recommended,287390,33240219,Posted: 4 July,all,Wavesolid,"Story : 9/10Gameplay 8/10Replayable : 5/10Overral : 8/10Its lil hard to get enlightned ending,even i tried hard to be a good guy in the game."
76561198020819269,Recommended,287390,32544125,Posted: 18 June,all,I Shoot I Miss,Old but still one of the best games i have played in a long time.
76561198285513809,Recommended,287390,32554399,Posted: 18 June,all,Charlie,"I played on one of the hardest difficulties, which made this game very hard at some points.It's very linear, but still allows some exploration... Exploring is indirectly promoted too because you can find more loot (which is needed on harder difficulties).The game is a complete joy ride - probably one of the best single player games i've ever played! Even if it's not on sale, i'd say it's still worth the cash. You won't regret buying the game, it is amazing! In fact, you'll thank yourself for playing such a great story driven game :D"
76561198232866328,Recommended,287390,32556073,Posted: 18 June,all,A_Random_Chink,"This game is great! The storyline was amazing! The bad thing is though it only has around 10 hrs of storyline which really good for a game like this but if ur a no life peice of crap that stays inside everyday (like me), this game feels a little short. It only took me 3 days to complete the game. I played this game 247 thats the reason why it was so short for me but if your a person that dosent stay inside all day and has a life this game is perfect! oh and the graphics are stunning for a game that came out in 2014."
,Recommended,287390,33395800,Posted: 8 July,all,Maler,"This game is cool af and the graphics was amazing. Great Job Well Done.Especially The Strippers :D9,5/10"
76561198082849011,Recommended,287390,12907442,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hugh Janus,one of the most atmospheric games made better. plus i put a bullet in a revolver and then watched as a guy shot his friend on accident. 10/10
76561198044561880,Recommended,287390,33575815,Posted: 15 July,all,zztop_mesa,"Excellent (4/4).You want the plot and characterization of a novel, the escapist aesthetics and acoustics of a movie and the fun factor and dynamism of a video game. I got them all right here.Now you should play Metro 2033 first as the story picks up immediately afterwards. These two belong in the pantheon of Half Life and Bioshock."
,Recommended,287390,32493337,Posted: 16 June,all,Cooper,I ♥♥♥♥IN LOVE METRO
76561197960292106,Recommended,287390,26026048,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Misterinpact,"An amazing game, like Metro 2033 !  Can't wait for a sequel/new one. And I got the good ending on my second run aha"
,Recommended,287390,33464630,Posted: 11 July,all,GeneralZappelin,They put a lot of work in the boob modelling. I like ;)
,Recommended,287390,27463833,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brandon.P,One of the best games ive ever played.
,Recommended,287390,31165825,Posted: 15 April,all,dentist,"Metro: Last Light ties into Metro 2033 so strongly, they may as well be the same game. Compared to the first game the gameplay is largely untouched just like the technical side and that's a great thing. Everything works just like in the first Metro; You run, sneak, shoot and scavenge your way through the Metro once again and follow Artyom's story further. This time though the gameplay changes a bit more drastically from level to level, since the story takes a lot of twists and turns that routinely get you in difficult situations with sub-par equipment. You can always rely on the tried and true basic gameplay concepts, but often you'll have to improvise a fair bit to accomodate the peculiarities of the level at hand and your current equipment.All the technical strengths of its predecessor are still here in Metro: Last Light. The levels are just as gorgeous as ever, maybe even moreso. The sounds and animations breathe a ton of soul into the populated parts of the Metro and especially the lighting system makes even the most deserted tunnels a sight to behold. Trips to the surface shine especially brightly this time since there seems to be more vegetation around than last time.Storywise, Last Light continues Metro 2033's story decently and brings the different factions more into the limelight. Again it delivers a relatively simple but well-written and well-acted plot that keeps you going throughout the whole game. And again there are a couple of curveballs that keep you on your toes not only in terms of surviving the hostile environment, but also in terms of understanding the fragile situation the factions find themselves in.It's a worthy successor to Metro 2033 that expands on its strengths without rocking the boat too much. Another easy recommendation and a must-play for people interested in atmospheric shooters. Ranger Mode strongly recommended."
76561198354562097,Recommended,287390,32504840,Posted: 17 June,all,JNOOON-66,one of the best games
76561198396262043,Recommended,287390,32531665,Posted: 18 June,all,ThisGust,This game has everything that you would want out of a singeplayer FPS game.It also gives you a choice between stealth and outright chaos.I love it.A big thank you to it's creators.
,Recommended,287390,32530309,Posted: 18 June,all,silentawhile,nice game
,Recommended,287390,32532348,Posted: 18 June,all,watworlditis,"At first the game itself has some problem, invi characters and floating objects everywhere. But after adjusted it according to solution online, the game recovered and it is as good as it previous game. Great atmosphere and gameplay. Love this game."
76561198207075437,Recommended,287390,32521112,Posted: 17 June,all,trick2nohairline,♥♥♥♥ pavel
76561197984318969,Recommended,287390,26716864,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,alariuz,Enjoyed every minute of playing through the game witch really is a nice piece of digital art.Would like to say thank to 4A Games and Deep Silver for all these emotions and moments I had with the game.Recommend to all who like story rich first person shooting games along with atmospheric enviroments.Now thinking about to buy a book once its published.  Thumbs up!
,Recommended,287390,16405629,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sludge,"This game is fantastic, i do love spiders, but these spiderbugs and their noises and eggs at times make this game difficult to play.10/10 would get spiderbugged again"
,Recommended,287390,23938857,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Deadpool,"Why are you reading reviews?This game has Russians, communists, nazis, guns, hookers and so forth.Just buy it."
,Recommended,287390,33055539,Posted: 30 June,all,Artas,"This game continues the story after Metro 2033, after the bad ending, because that's how it goes in the book. You're gonna have a fun time with this game, trust me."
76561198083048057,Recommended,287390,25209969,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ghhehs3sūSThEniBBa,One of the best singleplayer games i have played ever!! A 10 hour singleplayer campaign that is worth €20
,Recommended,287390,27127392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tappi,One of the best games i have played. So good it made me read all those Metro-books:)
76561198115292825,Recommended,287390,27773146,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Чо,"......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\░░░░Respect ThisGame░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Because she is ░░░░░░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀ ░░░░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█ ░░░░░░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,287390,29133143,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryan,"Metro: Last Light Reduxis one of my all time favorite games. This game is beautiful even on low settings, but great graphics isn't it's only selling point, the story it tells is great. Although the game is very linear it doesn't seem to be because of the setting (underground) and the need to be there. You see you aren't going to be running around exploring the surface as much as one wants to, you'll run out of oxygen filters and asphyxiate. Because of this dire need to stay underground you are forced to act quickly on the surface in order to make it safely back underground. All the while avoiding beasts of the surface, other Stalkers, and even Nazis. These leads to very intense missions. I played the game mostly stealthily, although it is hard not to kill a nazi when you see one, and this made the game quite intense as you try to both rush back underground to safety, and not alert any creatures, or people of your presence. I played on Hardcore Ranger mode where you need to play stealthy or else you'll find yourself running low on not only bullets, by everything else; med kits, grenades, and even filters as gunfights tend to take longer then sneaking around. All these factors create a very tense situation whenever you find yourself on the surface, which you will, more so then I hoped. Every time I went up was a nerve racking experience that sometimes forced me to stop and take a breath, ha! Makes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is the metro feel like home sweet home.One of my favorite levels was actually two but I'll say it is more like one due to the circumstances of it. The level Regina leading right into the Bandits level really exemplifies the game I believe. But nothing beats going up to the Swamp alone and making your way through it while the sun sets. Probably one of the better scarier moments. Although,Metro 2033 Reduxprobably has this game beat with spookiness.Another plus, both the games are in a package which usually goes on sale for very cheap, like less than $10 USD in case money is an issue, you'll definitely get your money's worth. Although, I personally wouldn't mind paying full price after having played them. Now to patiently wait a few years for Metro: 2035 to come out in videogame format.P.S:I got the Redemption ending (Saved D6) which was apparently canon and I was disappointed I didn't get to see any more character development with Artyom and Anna, like you apparently get with the C'est la Vie (Destroyed D6) ending. So that's a bit disappointing I guess but no matter, I will play Spartan mode next time and kill everyone."
,Recommended,287390,27481520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jonathan,cant wait for metro 2035 next year
76591278043004381,Recommended,287390,27853312,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brandon,very good
,Recommended,287390,26246919,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,lawlor_ryan,"Metro: Last Light Redux is fantastic! Storyline, stealth, and survival are the three heavily-emphasized traits for the player (unless you play as a Spartan), and the integration of these attributes weaves into a masterpiece! With a variety of weapons, missions, and unique personalities, there is never a dull moment in the Metro!"
,Recommended,287390,28693054,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Denko,"This game gives you the option to play in two ways and I would definitely recommend choosing the classic Metro: 2033 ""Survival"" style, but if you're looking for fast-paced fps choose the ""Spartan"" mode. For me, this game is great at atmosphere: it creates this eerie, desperate world that works well with the ""Survival"" gameplay.Play 2033 first and try not to get too spooked."
,Recommended,287390,29159752,Posted: 10 January,all,suh dood,"Atmosphere - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Audio - 9.5/10Graphics - 9/10Storytelling - 10/10You need this game. Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561197990442785,Recommended,287390,28144635,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BeerBucket,"*** Okay, first review for a very long time...!! I just had to do one for this gem!! ***Why the ♥♥♥♥♥ have I not played this game before? If you're looking for an action packed ""stealth"" horror game with a good story and great mechanics. This game is for you.Pros:1. Grafical gasm..2. Atmosphere!!3. Characters.4. Grills...!5. Great Stealth.6. Great Action.7. Good Thriller/Horror feel.8. The Music! <3Cons:1. Sound can be a bit low quality sometimes, and feel a bit out of place. (Melee attack for example.)2. Animations can also be a bit clunky and seem a bit ""lazy"" made from time to time.3. Enemies can sometimes be very easy to trick and predict.Overall score: 8/10A must play if you like Action/Horror Singleplayer FPS games!!Dang, I only wish THQ had more time to develop on this game.They might've actually been saved from bankrupsy thanks to this game... R.I.P THQ !"
,Recommended,287390,27511061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♣ Artyom,"The best game i have ever played. Drama, action, horror and all other things combined in one product.8/8 wud bang"
76561197976353012,Recommended,287390,27084435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ediobear,"I have this game before it came out on Steam. The story plot is amazing. I love the character, its atmosphere and the details in the game. One thing i got to say, Anton, you are the man and I truly respect you."
,Recommended,287390,22955850,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kunoei,U wont regret getting this game
,Recommended,287390,27213055,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Abacaxi-flutua,"vale a pena jogar, já zerei trés vezes esse jogo."
,Recommended,287390,26066019,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WhiteTigger,"10/10THIS GAME.The immersion is at another level. The sound design is the most atmospheric I have ever experienced in a video game. The graphics and lighting are absolutely amazing, with a mix of realism and high contrast, all the while running smoothly and bug-free. The NPC animations are great, thought nothing groundbreaking, but the gun-reload animations are the best I have ever seen and make just the right sound.And don't get me started on the story. The world feels real. Each NPC is doing something or talking with someone and you can spend half-an-hour walking around to listen to every conversation. Meanwhile, the setting is constantly changing and your objectives as well. This helps the game feel fresh. It may be a first person shooter... but it isn't COD or Battlefield. This is something much better."
,Recommended,287390,28977692,Posted: 3 January,all,Miksha ツ,10/10 game!Really enjoying playng this game!
76561198091803168,Recommended,287390,28858305,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spartan,I dont know what to say.... This game had different emotions carried on by a brilliant storyline.The story is well put and is a outstanding story based in a post apocalypse in Mosco.There are no cons on this game it includes the butterfly effect a bit as the more morale you have the better ending you get wether you save someones life or just kill them. I rate this game a 9.5/10 and is very recommended as now its on sale.
,Recommended,287390,28967627,Posted: 2 January,all,Magdalena Lee,"Best.Game.Ever.Why? I always try to avoid horror, but this game.. this game defied all odds and managed to capture my attention. The atmosphere, the story, the ambience, everything about this game is perfect 10/10.I recommend taking your time to play on survival instead of blazing guns in Spartan mode to get the most of this game."
76561197975736940,Recommended,287390,27345383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Subway,Da
,Recommended,287390,27632321,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kenkyusha - Kawasaki <3,Hey Artiom!!
,Recommended,287390,23119499,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,HostraX,"If you really like to play survival horror and fear combined a good story!This is the game for you, I think this game took a step forward when it comes to shooting games This is no ordinary game has a really good story here is based on the metro people who live there families and kids, this game will show the most shocking things that people can do to each other.-Tip from me-if you really want to enjoy from this game of course you need a lot of patience, listen to what the players are saying to you read,and hang out, listen and look at the environment and the people, That's how much you will appreciate this game because is a really great game!"
,Recommended,287390,32739604,Posted: 24 June,all,[RK] Dalojink,The game is even better than Metro 2033.Great story and characters.
76561198108111336,Recommended,287390,32640610,Posted: 22 June,all,Dovahkiin,"Just finished the game, so let me give you my review.Story: 9.5/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10 (if you can max it out)The game has a fast paced story and gameplay. There isn't one slow moment in the game. At every turn, there is somethind dangerous around the corner, in this wasteland Artyom calls a home. It mixes an exciting first person shooter style of gameplay, with stealth, and horror elements too. I would recommend that you buy the game if you are looking for a solid story and gameplay experience. Rating: 9.5/10"
76561198141198132,Recommended,287390,32946181,Posted: 28 June,all,ironman,"Just, Wow"
,Recommended,287390,27986411,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Akbas ✅,Metro: Last Light Redux:this game is fantastic and one of my favourites.10/10
76561198038790128,Recommended,287390,26408075,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,iamme1031,I absolutely loved playing both this game and metro 2033.  The game is based in a post nuclear war russia metro and gameplay is phenominal! i enjoyed playing every second of this game and then some!
76561198301987776,Recommended,287390,32585795,Posted: 20 June,all,mim,THERES FKIN VODKA IN THIS FKIN GAME !1!!11!!!!1!
,Recommended,287390,13349412,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kevin Bacon,CYKAPOWER
76561198017439069,Recommended,287390,20599626,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BaRdOckDBZ,amazing game great graphics amazing story the game kinda reminds me of stalker and fallout
76561198164558445,Recommended,287390,15211677,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NeonAssassin,best game
,Recommended,287390,26789491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[LS] Ram Abbalah,12/10
,Recommended,287390,30865153,Posted: 31 March,all,takeo303,this is definitly the best game i have ever played it has good gameplay and a dope story
,Recommended,287390,30794122,Posted: 28 March,all,Shvabenz,1. Buy this game2. Play it3. Enjoy it4. Finish it5. CryOne of best games I've ever played!10/10ᛋПАРТА!
,Recommended,287390,21470001,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Se1337i,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥блять
76561198015791886,Recommended,287390,27323790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,REGAN,Went through whole game on hardest difficulty with no hud. Had no idea you could passively take enemies out till I finished the game. #Istabbedalotofpeople.
,Recommended,287390,26867372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maddzi,The best villain ever!
,Recommended,287390,27399594,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shaxx,Why You Should Buy:>Story is amazing!>Gameplay is amazing.>Ending scene with Anna makes you emtional. Amazing.>Sex (Amazing).>Jumpscares are amazingly done.>Characters and Monsters are amazing.>Buy It Its AMAZING!
,Recommended,287390,26086833,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Atlass.,DAVAI ARTYOM !Picked up game. Learned Russian. 11/10.
,Recommended,287390,20475332,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,HappyThoughts,It's aight10/10would go to the metro again
,Recommended,287390,20316817,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,_sgN,any game that allows you to pay for a lapdance is a 10/10♥♥♥♥ the nazis
,Recommended,287390,20300397,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,"In my opinion the first game was better, but this is still an enjoyable experience"
,Recommended,287390,22985604,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,vinul dash,"Only in this game you will want to cry and think about the future due to the ending game, because also bad ending this game really epic and sad, i did not even know that the 4A games, make awesome game, i very advice to play and finish this a Soviet Union post nuclear world, this very cool game :)"
,Recommended,287390,19978585,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LuckyMcHatchet,"Great FPS story driven game, in the same vein of Wolfenstein and Deus Ex. A Genre of games that are few and far between, but fantastic.P.S. Beware the lap dance of doom."
,Recommended,287390,20372108,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,leMBO,"As dank, irradiated hellholes go, the Moscow Metro might be my favorite one to visit. Sure, it's part of a post-apocalyptic future where mutant predators run rampant and the remnants of humankind live in crumbling subway stations masquerading as city-states, but the Metro has a distinct culture, colorful survivors, and haunting secrets that are almost as much fun to discover as they are horrifying. I love this type of game.. I recommend all Metro games for apocalyptic lovers, don't forget about the books ^^. I give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,21395109,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,StormPL,"I spent every single bullet in brothel, it was worth it."
,Recommended,287390,21293482,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,☭ Nova Proxy,Finding Better Guns simulatorFinding boobs SimulatorFind dark ones SimulatorFinding Ebola SimulatorWhat more can you get...oh did i mention Finding Boobs Simulator
,Recommended,287390,20651684,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Syrus84,I will be damned! It's Artyom! Well... Your luck had to run out someday.Here the voice actor did his best!
,Recommended,287390,20853036,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,msingh9001,"This game is honestly really fun and I enjoy playing it all the time. This is an excellent example of a good remastered version. The story is great, graphics on point, and its a pretty non linear game within a set story. It has some aspects of free roam at time while others are pretty linear. I had fun with the prequel as well and am definitely waiting for the next game."
76561198273025589,Recommended,287390,26086177,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Niflickz,This is the reason why you should buy metro Redux :- Dramatic Story Over 10 Hours of Gameplay- Many Difficulity To Choose From- Lot of Killing Machine To Choose from- Advanced and very Smart AI will never makes you boring to kill- FPS Styled RPG- Realistic and Creppy Enviroment- Cheap Price Better than Other FPS Game out there- The Graphic is Very Awesome- Supports 4K Resolution- many Fun And Challenging Modes- Many Place to explore makes you never bored- Many Hidden Place And Easter Eggs to find- Includes Many Achievement- Many Variables Of Deadly and lethal Creature- Upgradable Weapons- Good Voice Acted- Many Options of Graphic setting to suit your style- Many Weapon Mods To Choose From- Realistic Animation- Wipeable Gas Mask!- Wearable Gas Mask!- Changeble Air Filter!One Of My Favorite Fps RPG Game And One of My Favorite story and lore also my favorite graphic game It Also Very Cheap i cant believe when first saw this game it is very cheap thanks to the developers deep silver who putting much efforts to this game so for me this game got  10/10 A MasterpieceCant wait for another of your Masterpiece game deep silver i hope you create FPS Game again! and make it Masterpiece! like this one!
76561198174189451,Recommended,287390,18344737,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,dead,played game on ranger hardcore mode had ultimate rage and chubby palmed keyboard when was killed by nazi soldier -nein out of 10 would slam keyboard again :O
,Recommended,287390,23474466,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,vasco1337,"This game is pice by pice is decent, but when you get awsome story, great sound and you add a little ♥♥♥♥♥, you get the most AWSOME games of all time. The gameplay, the music, the enemies and the small glitches that are in this game, make you live a total suka experience.11/10 will play it again!"
,Recommended,287390,19208477,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Shiro Kuro,I try for good ending and I got it. I have learned so many lessons from this novel FPS game.
76561198014114782,Recommended,287390,19009864,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,JohnyTea,"For those of you that enjoy playing FPS with a stealthy twist this game is for you.This game is amazing. Great gameplay, story, and graphics. Not that graphics matter, but the highly polished quality definetely makes the game much more immersive than what it already is.It also has a TON of content. For example you will find a wide variety of weapons, each customizable and upgradable in it's own way, each with it's own ""feel"". The extra DLC content is awesome, not only does it give you another 12+ hours of gameplay, it also allows you to play as characters you encounter in the main story providing more of an insight on this dark cold world created by Dmitry Glukhovsky.I stronly recommend playing the game in Ranger mode which makes this game even more immersive and realistic, not to mention very challenging.Extra: Steam says I have only 2.5 hours on record but that's because I played this game mostly offline. I've actually spent over 60 hours on this bad boy. Well worth the $4.99 tag. That's about 8 cents an hour!10/10"
,Recommended,287390,31101915,Posted: 12 April,all,Cocknocker,"love this game, its one of the few in which going to the surface of the world is much scarier than the sewers, great story, very driven and can have some challenging gameplay, as a bonus who doesnt like a game that will give you a strip tease"
76561198067324500,Recommended,287390,18482827,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Samuraiknight1600,"Good storyGood gameplayGood graphicsI you like post apocalyptic shooter i really recomend this game. the gameplay is exelent with a charming post apocalyptic setting, and most importantly. it's really fun to play"
,Recommended,287390,19760947,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Bă Conte...,This and 2033 redux are some of the best games i have ever played. Definitely worth every penny.......I'm not good at reviews.
76561198249961592,Recommended,287390,31300680,Posted: 22 April,all,MaxPanye08,Even though  it dosent launch anymore and I was just in the first hour or 3 of this wonderful gameIt was a fun 3 hour experience even though I wont be able to play this (unless I find a way) Magnificent work or art
,Recommended,287390,23944566,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ehxon,"game is awesome, graphics look great. own them both from the series, completely worth it, especially if you get them on sale"
76561198313179632,Recommended,287390,28884087,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nachodooog,"Excellent scenery, great story, good fighting mechanics,  little tutorials in game hints for keyboard users are (tab) brings up the weapon menu (holding F) brings up the flashlight/nighvision charger.I recommend playing the first game Metro 2033 before playing this."
76561198140005743,Recommended,287390,28896050,Posted: 1 January,all,Kitrap,"Loved the game, its story telling is just brilitant. Get it!"
76561198233380052,Recommended,287390,28891922,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Biezt,This game is just great. The story was truly amazing (sadly not very long. 32 missions I believe). I recommend for anyone to buy it. Especially if you picked it up during a sale. $4 for Metro is a steal any day.
,Recommended,287390,28880169,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,режим призрака,"You will spend more time than you think.One of the Best Immersive games ive seen, try playing at Survival and Hard, BEST EXPERIENCEand ill play it more...btw, if you going to buy/play, lower your gamma settings ingame, thank me later."
76561198151902106,Recommended,287390,31434836,Posted: 29 April,all,Gril *-*,Just Play ...
76561198098602670,Recommended,287390,31286337,Posted: 21 April,all,Happy Trail to Disapointment,oh golly jee do I like this game. A great sequel to the first game in all the ways.
76561198114942112,Recommended,287390,17349680,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gamer545,"Very good game with strong story line,highly recommend."
76561198236984668,Recommended,287390,31403900,Posted: 27 April,all,Spi39s,"This game is so tough at times it makes you want to quit, but dont. Such a great game. Part of the holy trinity of slav games.*MAJOR CON: not enough vodka."
76561198166176053,Recommended,287390,29727885,Posted: 5 February,all,dj mustard,yes
76561198076179524,Recommended,287390,31672330,Posted: 10 May,all,hexxingale,"just like metro 2033, last light has an immersive and fun experince. sadly this game wasnt as good as the first. most of the game takes place outdoors and lacks all the stealth that the first game has. the story is good as well as the majority og the gameplay but i much prefer the first game. still though id say to at least try this game out and see if you enjoy it."
76561198115303894,Recommended,287390,27894606,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bow,An amazing game. Within one playthrough:- didn't know the contorls so selected the mode that has no HUD- nailed 10 Nazis to a wall with knives- murdered half the population left in the world- had an exterestential crisis- fought a mutated rino with a pistol and a knife- broke my gas mask so stabbed a guy and ripped his off his face before I was thrown into the air by a mother f*cking dragon/demon/thing- ran out of ammo so murdered a mutated bear with my money
76561197963569386,Recommended,287390,17457824,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Skankin' Monkey,"Though I did find the outdoor areas to be a bit disorienting - especially with rain, blood and mud obstructing my view - I very much enjoyed Metro: Last Light.Solid gunplay, nice looking environments and a story off the beaten path turn the Metro-Series into a must have for every fan of a good FPS.The checkpoint system and the absence of a quicksave slot can get a bit frustrating at times."
,Recommended,287390,14791677,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Weezy,10/10 Would play again!
,Recommended,287390,31348245,Posted: 24 April,all,Black devil,Beautiful ending and Story. A must-have for any S.T.A.L.K.E.R. or Fallout fan!... joking its for everybody!
76561198302545917,Recommended,287390,25328970,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Romanianguy,A great game.Better than Metro 2033 but i recommend getting both games.10/10
76561198271282293,Recommended,287390,30964156,Posted: 5 April,all,Seraphim,faq u Pavel
76561198351843778,Recommended,287390,32636166,Posted: 22 June,all,WhiteTerrorist,Incredible narrative. Amazing atmosphere. Wonderful level design. You never know whats coming up next so it keeps you on your toes. Ofcourse you need to play with the Russian voices for max immersion. The fact that you can choose either to complete most levels stealthily or guns blazing is a really big plus. Hidden morality system is a hit or miss because you didnt know about it until youve finished the game but you appreciate it wants you discover it. Slavic realism is really cheeki-breeki too. All-in-all im happy that we dont live in the world of Metro and that these games exist.
76561198328554391,Recommended,287390,30791296,Posted: 28 March,all,Milioner,This is amazing game.
,Recommended,287390,24056867,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[ATW]Heisenberg,"Разработчикам данной игры удалось создать атмосферу в которой вы не останетесь равнодушным, Вы всегда в надеждечто, мир станет прежним. Очень советую серию игр ""Метро"" !"
76561198276942355,Recommended,287390,31682603,Posted: 11 May,all,luke.joyce.360,"This is a really good game. I loved the first, and I loved this one all the same. It looks and feels amazing, having some of the best immersion of any of the games I've played. I can't emphasize how much of a good experience this game was.Just buy it, because it's worth it. Plus, now I have a few books I know I have to read...Just to add - the bridge during the thunderstorm was one of the most visually spectacular levels I have experienced in a long time. 9.5/10. One of my all-time favorite games and game series."
,Recommended,287390,31565087,Posted: 5 May,all,CrudeToons,Make sure to turn off the SSAA option
,Recommended,287390,23390269,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,🥃Uncle Bourbon,"10/10 would run out of oxygen filters again and restart a chapter to go back from an autosave again.But honestly, this is an amazing gamePros:- Outstanding atmospheric scenery that makes you feel like you're really in a post-apocalyptic Russia- Enjoyable combat- Ranger mode adds replay value- Well written story- Good voice acting- boob physics were actually quite hilariousCons:- No side quests (that I found)- Autosave feature screwed me over several times- Currency system was hard to understand at first- I didnt realize there was a compase and lighter until almost the end of the game."
,Recommended,287390,23431277,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sludgemonster Von Crapenstein,"Great game- Epic plot- Creepy/spooky atmosphere- Good mechanics- Around 15 hours of gameplay- Fitting musicI enjoyed the predecessor, Metro 2033, but I liked this one better -- I think because of the deeper plot.If the description/vids interest you, then definitely go for it. I took a leap of faith when they were on sale as a bundle (which appears to occur often) and am glad I did"
76561198042025055,Recommended,287390,23410862,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Arska,"This game cost me only about $4. Took me 15 hours to complete and I enjoyed every minute of it.One those games that make you feel that the creators really wanted to make a great game - and for the most part they succeeded. Lots of monsters, small details everywhere, sneaking in dark corridors and catacombs murdering things - and also getting murdered by things. Non-stop action from start to finish. Perhaps not the most original or enticing fps ever. Sometimes it can be unwieldy, linear and iterative - but overall the game felt well balanced and polished old school fps. It's difficult not to appreciate the effort and care that the creators of Metro put into the game."
,Recommended,287390,19873613,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TheFuckingCloaker,"Metro 2033 / Last Light be like :-ARTYOOOOM-ARTYOOM HELP ME ARTYOM-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARTYOM-Artyom ? ARTYOM ? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARTYOM ? (IF YOU GET THAT THEN I LOVE YOU)-Haha..You tought I wo-- ARTYOOOOOOOOOOOOM-You can watch it ,you won't get that♥♥♥♥♥..3 Hours later : I want you ..To touch me :33"
76561198046223682,Recommended,287390,29306386,Posted: 16 January,all,✪ Decker H. ✪,"I bnought this game when it was on sale, along with the other Metro game. I am not dissapointed in the game at all, If I knew the games were this good, then I probably would of bought them either way. I highly suggest this game to anyone eyeballing it. Get it, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,287390,29305388,Posted: 16 January,all,reckoner,"So, you play as Artyom, in underground metro. Sometimes it gets tough but eshkin kot, it's worth it, comrade! Such story, a tad repetitive gameplay but you get to produce much kakashki! Oh, don't forget, if you play as a good muzhik, you'll get a good ending, no blyakha-mukha, why should I play all instruments to get a good ending? Tovarishi from 4A made great mistake! Bad muzhik, yo-moyo, don't do this!"
76561198042536554,Recommended,287390,33501318,Posted: 13 July,all,die,cheeki breeki
76561198035438491,Recommended,287390,18666259,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tal,"Well Im not gonna lie, Im deeply in love with metro universe so my opinion wont be obective.The game it self is well made, Graphic is quite rough but still beautiful and is also partf of climate.Climate is important part of the series, It's pretty damm good, That leads to immersive experince wich in my opinion is the  one of the best things any game can offer you."
,Recommended,287390,32999748,Posted: 29 June,all,✈November.India.Mike.Alpha✈,"Great atmosphere, nice graphics, exciting storyHighly recommend!"
,Recommended,287390,33130999,Posted: 2 July,all,Yigit,Love post-apocalyptic world? You might want to visit Moscow Metro.
,Recommended,287390,28518922,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,rk is the best Nasus EU,Alright ribiata let's get moving 2: now with boss battles
,Recommended,287390,33449686,Posted: 11 July,all,Child predator Frankston,Wasn't a big fan of campaign games until I played this. The story is just incredible. BUY THE GAME
,Recommended,287390,33524893,Posted: 13 July,all,HOW IS HE FORKLIFT,Absolutely amazing game. Would definitely recommend.
76561198090339123,Recommended,287390,33175348,Posted: 3 July,all,Flying Fox,"SIMPLY ONE OF THE BEST FPS OUT THERE.I like the way that we finally experience ""not-an-usual American Aprroach FPS game"".Taste very different, fun, scary, myterious and Russian."
76561198156067891,Recommended,287390,32953717,Posted: 28 June,all,Artyom,finished both games in 4 days with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop under 30 fps.
76561198163722707,Recommended,287390,29292221,Posted: 16 January,all,||M.RR.O||,Awesome game for all stalkers :)
,Recommended,287390,32834616,Posted: 26 June,all,penesillo,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥ and not demanding at all
,Recommended,287390,32831740,Posted: 26 June,all,STEPHEN PADDOCK,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ satanist piece a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ed up psycho autist PAVEL </3
76561198273582034,Recommended,287390,33618210,Posted: 17 July,all,ZeroXeeN,best story i've ever played
,Recommended,287390,19666568,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SardonicHedgehog,"Just played through this game for a second time (after previously playing through the non-Redux version). It's still such a great game.On my first playthrough a few parts were frustrating, most notably the moment you are waiting for a boat before going to Venice. Not annoying this time. While Redux might have smoothed this part out (it sure felt that way), it could also be that since this was a second playthrough, I was better equipped to handle things. Regardless, the second playthrough had none of the first playthrough's frustrations.Performance was good. Didn't crash once, whereas non-Redux crashed a few times on my 2012 13"" MBP (Intel 4000). I really appreciate that 4A is supporting a lot of legacy systems for their game with shiny, shiny graphics.The game has a really great atmosphere, and depicts despair, death, hope and vitality amazingly well. That is until the end of the game, when it takes an interesting character (your Dark One ally), and has him advance the plot way to quickly and conveniently. It feels like a quick dash to a conclusion. This is highlighted by the fact that most players prefer the ending where the Dark Ones' influence is absent.But that's a minor gripe. I highly recommend this game."
76561198359829594,Recommended,287390,32817148,Posted: 26 June,all,Fighter_The_Only,Amazing game atmosferic JUST PERFECT !!!
,Recommended,287390,17347400,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,東方の黑猫✿,Its a great game and intresting story game with a Great graphic which mostly we cant support!having a great time with this game.
,Recommended,287390,26650601,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CSn| Dempsey,"If its hostile, you kill it. ~ Hunter"
,Recommended,287390,33874804,Posted: 29 July,all,Mk2000,"After a nuclear attack, the world was devastated and the only ""safe"" space, was the underground, the people built stations in the METRO.Here is the story of Artyom, a russian young man sent to find out about the anomalies of the underground and surface.Sometimes, the gameplay offers the thrills of a pshychological drama in Artyom's head.No station is safe because of mutants that you meet at almost every step.Metro has variation of weapons you can find, adapted to the apocalypse time. More apocalyptic atmosphere than S.T.A.L.K.E.RHighly recommend it!!"
76561198129319679,Recommended,287390,32110794,Posted: 1 June,all,wasimohee,"If you haven't played Metro: 2033 yet, stop and go buy that game and play it first, since this is the second chapter of the same story and the storyline is dark and epic. Metro: Last Light improves on the first game in almost every way. Same dark, oppressive post-apocalyptic atmosphere, one of the best in the genre. Same mutant, bandit, commie, and Neo-nazi enemies, which have competetive AI. Same reliance on exploration and resource conservation. However, this game has a larger variety of weaponry and extensive upgrades. Also there is an extensive section in which you run a diesel-punk rail buggy through the dark tunnels, which made me realize I want an open-world game set in the Metro universe in which the play moves through the subway on a customizeable rail buggy.In this game, Artyom is now a ranger, guarding the mysterious bunker they captured in the last game. However, he discovers a surviving ""dark one"" from the previous game, which he must either save or hunt, a decision he struggles with. Furthermore, the war between the Commies and Neo-nazis begins to threaten the rest of the subway settlements. This leads to a number of narrative twists and turns and ends with the most epic last-stand final battle of any game. This game features the same, complex morality system as the first that makes an enormous difference to the end of the game and lends itself well to multiple replays.All in all, a must have like the first game."
76561198278566213,Recommended,287390,32411203,Posted: 14 June,all,More8,"Metro games were games upon their release that were inaccessible to me due to my potato computer I had at the time. Now with the redux version I have a decent rig that allows me to try them. Lately I have been very disappoited with too many games hyped up to death and then have underwhelming release. Not with Metro. The excellent mix of pure fps action with atmospheric and tense post apocalyptic exploration in a narrative driven game is what surprised me positively and truly felt like breath of fresh air after many disappointments. Metro is a game that proves you don't need groundbreaking innovation or mechanics to make a thoroughly enjoyable game. The game does not offer anything that has not been seen before in gaming, yet it does everything with such balanced and enjoyable execution that it feels fresh all the time. The general precision of all the pieces coming together in this game that work so well together is what makes it into a winner. You have solid and deeply atmospheric graphics and excellent world/level design. I was shocked to see a game this old look this good and atmospheric even as a redux version. The sound is spot on and you can choose Russian or English language if you prefer the authentic experience. Subs can be any language while choosing the audio language separately. The world of metro makes you believe you are in this world and makes you invested in it and wanting to find out more. It also breaks the fps elements by adding witcher like characters and npc:s who share the world with you, allowing you to take balanced breaks from exploration/fps action. While the game does not allow you to choose different dialogue with characters, almost every person is part of the universe and responds to you in ways that makes you feel like you're getting to know them and even care for them. There are two different styles of playing options besides the difficulty settings. The original that emphasises survival aspects and forces you to sneak and count every bullet while exploring and scavenging for supplies and items to sell and buy. Radiation takes a part as well as freezing cold and toxic air. Depending on your choice, it will directly affect your game progression. For instance you have to decide can you afford to kill someone or rather spare your ammo or filters for gas mask so that further in game you don't end up in trouble.The other option makes for more dynamic combat that for some may seem more enjoyable option. The battles can get very tense and ammo will run out forcing you to run for your life grabbing ammo from corpses while in heat of combat. I myself am playing this option currently and enjoy it. You still explore and do all the things as in the previous option but the emphasis is more on the fighting, producing tense combat scenarios and more of the fps feeling. It does not however become an straight brainless fps shooter even when this option is chosen. I may draw some ire from fans of the series for saying this but if I may, I would like to compare the streamlined combat to Mass effect 2, even though the titles are not comparable by any means, but the difference in the combat being streamlined to produce more tense and action packed fast combat, over the meticulous one offered in the first option.The story is interesting and the world under ground in metro tunnels is engaging. I love how the story paints how despite humanity being destroyed by nuclear war, still manage to find ways to restart the same cycle of hatred between each other and essentially being at war with not only against the mutated hordes that live above ground, but with each other. At a time when they should be united for survival of the human kind. It's a narrative of the human condition and it's ironic to see the communists vs. neo nazis who are also Russian and the clan you belong to be at utter war with each other despite being all survivors of the same fate, having a united enemy as threat. This game brings out the best and worst of humanity to the table in a tongue in cheek post apocalyptic Russian setting. What also reminds me of witcher is the adult themes expored in here, along with the exploration aspect. It's a game on rails that avoids feeling like it was on rails and sometimes even feels like a semi open world game without being one. Sure you can't escape the linearity of it and some elements are more linear than others, such as the tunnel sequences whre you literally are on rails. But these are also so well made that it does not become boring or distracting. It works well in the theme and story of the game.For the price it has and especially if you can get it on sale, definitely recommended for all who enjoy post apocalyptic action oriented games that have strong story and tense atmosphere. If you like games as S.T.A.L.K.E.R or similar, definitely give this one a try. The only gripe I have is the lack of variety in the mutants and also with the way the encounters with them tend to turn into hordes where it feels like a set number of enemies need to be slain untill they simply run out and you can progress. By this I mean last man standing type of scenarios. This game builds upon the continuation of the original metro 2033 game and is enhanced both graphically and execution wise. I definitely recommend getting both games as a bundle while waiting for the new game in production."
,Recommended,287390,26017810,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Unforseen Lemonquences™,"I'll be honest here. Despite having an already positive bias for this series (enjoyed both the games and the books. 2034 was actually the inspiration for me to learn Russian :V. Still rusty), I'll say that I do not think its worth to buy this and Last Light Redux (especially so) at full price for players who already played the non-Redux edition of these two games. Mostly because the changes aren't that big aside from the visuals (2033 is especially noticablily better and more stable compared to 2033). I'd suggest to buy this game at any price above 50% for players who have played the previous games. If you have the means and don't mind supporting the developers by paying the 50% price tag for both (like i did), then by all means get it, its a terrific experience.Having said that, I do understand that revamping these two games isn't free and people need to feed their families and whatnot. I'm just saying that for those of us players who are tight on their budget but are very keen on playing the redux editions, just wait until there's a 66% or so sales. It's worth every penny.Now to my personal opinion on Metro 2033 Redux.The changes is impressive. Downright amazing to even the tiny changes they did. I won't spoil anything, but people who played the original 2033 will definately notice all these tiny changes and appericiate that. Visuals aside, I can tell alot of passion and effort went into creating 2033 Redux. It's from all these tiny changes and ""secrets"" that you can tell people enjoy doing the things they did. Here's to one certainly hoping to more games based on the Metro universe"
,Recommended,287390,22209481,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rhoboat,More pretty and more spooky than 2033. Also has cool stuffyeah buy it
,Recommended,287390,23999810,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Virtuoso,"Very good game. A bit short is the only complaint, definetely worth picking up during a sale though"
76561198128875492,Recommended,287390,18540696,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Marcat,"I loved this game. It generally clocks at around 10-15 hours, depending on how good you are, what game mode you play, and which difficulty you chose.PROS:- The setting is unique and very interesting.- Very immersive, the sound and level design is top notch.- The weapons are very cool and customizable.- You can customize your gameplay experience. At the beginning of the game, you choose between Spartan and Survival mode. These drastically change the gameplay experience; Spartan gives you more ammo and supplies for run and gunning, while Survival gives less ammo and supplies, forcing you to be more careful and play stealthy. I personally prefer Survival since it fits the setting and tone of the game a lot more.- The stealth is very fun and well done. It's certainly not Splinter Cell or MGS, but it's good enough.- The story is actually pretty good.- There's a morality system, and it's not up in your face. It's good.CONS:- They throw♥♥♥♥♥♥and boobs at you randomly. I mean, I like them just as much as the next hetero dude, but the way they did it. It was just so... juvenile. Disappointing. Anna is annoying, too."
76561198233469040,Recommended,287390,20013651,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Night_Owl005,Amazing game!!! Got really connected to the main character and the little dark one. I also love how it takes place in Russia. Every part of it is great. So glad I got it
,Recommended,287390,32623070,Posted: 21 June,all,Shine,"yeah,  amazing ... great game too."
,Recommended,287390,17864638,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ChosenEA,I love the book and I love the game i got nothing more to say
,Recommended,287390,18030273,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lez420,"Great game, very immersive with pretty good characters. Amazing graphics and good length campaign. 9/10"
76561198081282937,Recommended,287390,18136388,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,mana mester,"One of the Best fps out there. Really worth it, Excelent graphic, gameplay. Run very good on old low - medium end pc."
,Recommended,287390,18084621,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Old&Heavy,Must Play!
,Recommended,287390,30953704,Posted: 4 April,all,Meat_Beat69,"Good Story, Nice graphics, Interesting Gameplayif you've enjoy how half life 2 plays then this game will most likely fit you."
,Recommended,287390,27009135,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saryguymy | Skinhub,"I've just recently gone back and played through both Metro 2033 Redux and This again for like the second or third time, and holy cow are they just amazing games. They have a pretty decent story in both of them, the graphics are pretty beautiful, and the sound design is just great aswell. Both of these games are great, definitley worth a buy."
,Recommended,287390,28323916,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,k0rsaR,"♥♥♥♥ my life, i am crying... Its so ♥♥♥♥ing speechless...One of the best game in the world!"
76561198109665426,Recommended,287390,25015375,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,B3S0D8L9,A wonderful apocalypse game
,Recommended,287390,23240820,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[FIDE] Plat,There's not enough cheeki breeki for this to really be considered a slav game.
,Recommended,287390,17479894,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,shadedoestiny,i ♥♥♥♥ed anna
,Recommended,287390,17696124,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Muaath,An Absolute Masterpiece!!!
76561198026799171,Recommended,287390,18130912,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Stainless Steele,"All I can say about this game is that it has a a great start menu. Other than that it proceeded to blow up my (new) GTX970, which then blew my power supply and wiped my computer hard drives. So all in all, I'd check your system's as well as your own bowels before making any kind of Kamikaze dive into this 'game' fireball of graphical insanity."
,Recommended,287390,34004771,Posted: 3 August,all,Murine,I just have one word Spartans¡¡¡¡¡¡¡
,Recommended,287390,18587627,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Boreal Neva,"This game and metro 2033 are the best, most amazing, thrilling, immersive, and overwhelmingly exciting first person shooter games I have ever played. These easily rank in my top 5 favorite games of all time despite having played over 200-300 games in my lifetime. Incredible. 20/10. Already played metro 2033 three times and I'm ready to play this one yet again."
,Recommended,287390,21232481,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Cozen,Good Game
,Recommended,287390,17655811,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Xahtier,"A magnificent, immersive post-apocalyptic shooter that will make you laugh, hate, forgive, betray, and empathize stronger than many other adventures for the price.To call this game immersive is a blatant understatement- from the cracks on a gas mask's visor, to the wipable blood, rain, and fungus residue on said visor, to the blinding flare of a flashlight or laser on an enemy's gun- this game is beyond immersion. This game felt like more than a story.This game didn't feel like other games, where you walk into a room and some dumb NPC says the same old stuff another might say. Or repeats it after, say, 15 seconds. In this game, every character has a story, a conversation to listen in on, and some really deep lore that takes a listening ear and watchful eye to really find.If you buy this game, you won't regret it, provided you can run it. Trust me."
,Recommended,287390,33949339,Posted: 1 August,all,Arushichan,"Very like this game genre.survival - horror - adventure - action all of the character costume, weapons and action are very detail look like real.Waiting for the Metro Exodus hopefully this game is more dynamic on action and more variaty on weapons and costume :D"
76561198071219486,Recommended,287390,33981103,Posted: 2 August,all,El Tigre,"This may be a completely linear corridor shooter, but the atmosphere of the post-apocolyptic Russian underground make up for it in spades. Add in some of the best gunplay you can experience in an FPS title, and you have the ultimate emersive experience. Highly recommended."
76561198064288469,Recommended,287390,26136848,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,spook,"This game gives you a very cinematic, movie-like experience with great shooter mechanics and a great story.Would definetly recommend it to everyone I meet."
,Recommended,287390,16630019,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tactical Tits,"This game was amazing and loads of fun, and will play two times over. ps boob physics are top notch"
,Recommended,287390,27013305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KinomotoSakura_chan,"Game so god, I hope it will be the next seri"
76561197978525241,Recommended,287390,20167353,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FreakeR,"PavelAnnaDark One is bae.Great game, but bosses get increasingly annoying and you don't feel much accomplishment when beating them, especially when they script most of it before you actually get to kill them so you never know whether to waste all your ammo or not. If you enjoyed Metro 2033 you'll be right at home, right down to the frequently hilariously goofy AI that may get you killed from sheer laughter at their odd behavior. I also found it hilarious that you sometimes put your old masks on the dead when swapping with them."
,Recommended,287390,32422145,Posted: 14 June,all,A ʀ ᴄ ᴀ ᴅ ᴇ s,Goddamn beautiful game. 10/10
76561198030367556,Recommended,287390,34206936,Posted: 12 August,all,MyKey,"Metro Last Light is an intresting (although admitedly not as good) sequel to the original Metro 2033 game. I've enjoyed it a lot and have gone through the game a few times and while I can say I enjoyed it I can not say that it was as good as the original game.The reason for this is that the game is much more action based than necessarily based around choices. The game on a few occasions throws at you bosses that are difficult to beat, which works well in an action game, but doesnt work well immersion wise in my opinion. They serve as a cheap distraction and hurdle and I am drawn out of the universe because of it.Another thing I found disappointing in the game was the excess of funds you get. Right off the bat you are given about 250 bullets, which is quite a bit for a Ranger mode game as I played. In Metro 2033 I only really reached 200 bullets when I hadnt needed to use my ammo significantly (and therefore bought more) and was able to sell a significant amount of ammo that I wasnt using. To start the game with 250 bullets damages the perception of making every bullet count in my opinion, as I quite literally never ran out of money, or bullets, something I did a few times in Metro 2033. It also took away any harm in donating money to people, which took away from the moral delima of being charitable or saving money so you could survive easier.On top of this the same problem with a difficult moral system that makes getting the good ending extremely difficult. Despite it being a great design to base what ending you get off of. Its very confusing and some extremely abstract ways of getting the points make the game extremely hard to get a good ending, which is infuriating, especially as the true ending is in fact the good one.Also if it wasnt obvious, do not kill everyone if you can avoid it, especially not Pavel or Lesnitsky as if you kill either or you will almost 100% get the bad ending, if it makes you feel better with Lesnitsky you leave him without putting his mask on, so he is likely dead.All being said Metro Last Light did succeed in a couple of things. The universe of Metro 2033 was opened up significantly in this series and the characters are extremely memorable, namely PavelEven though he betrays you he is still one of the most likable characters in the game speaking to how well he is written. All for one and one for all!.The DLC are intresting although not really necessary in my opinion and are simply just filler content if you really want to continue playing this game a ton. Personally I didnt find them that intresting or fun to play due to their short length, but theyre alright I guess.All in all its a good game, but it is not nearly as good. This game is not nearly as memorable as the first, and after my first play through when I was about to start my second, I thought many of the Metro 2033 moments were actually in Last lIght, leading me to realize how much better the original game was.Id recommend the game, not because it is a excellent game like the first, but because it is a good story sequel to the original and with Exodus coming out and looking superb, it would be good to know for the player Artyom's backstory.Remember, All for one and one for all!"
76561198068252252,Recommended,287390,34185735,Posted: 12 August,all,Cyan Nautica,An amazing experience
,Recommended,287390,34365214,Posted: 19 August,all,[TKZ] The_MixMaster™  ☭,I like the knives.
,Recommended,287390,22390527,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"OverallMetro: Last Lightis a good game. The environment, the story, the thrill are all awesome. In rare cases the game can be buggy, but no bugs are too frustrating.I'd say the game worth the money. It's not a bad deal buying this game without discount."
76561198164102804,Recommended,287390,34497275,Posted: 25 August,all,ShotgunShooter,"A very good game with a great story and great stealth mechanics. Very immersive, I HIGHLY recommend it. The Metro series is among my favorite of all time."
,Recommended,287390,34583110,Posted: 29 August,all,Traxadel,"This chapter of Artiom's story in my opinion is written and told with more care and straightforward manner. The game itself is developing so much better than the previous one, especially the horror part. Holly sh*t, this game had freaked me out several times so badly, I was excited by it.Long story short, defenitely worth it's price and worth playing at least once.9.0 / 10"
,Recommended,287390,31102848,Posted: 12 April,all,Pelican,"One of the best storydriven games i've ever played, would recommend this to anyone who likes storybased post apocalyptic games. 10/10"
76561198348928334,Recommended,287390,29101393,Posted: 7 January,all,FlufflyDog,"10/10 Great gameplay, story and everything about it. Was able to play on my potato-spec computer."
76561198108259926,Recommended,287390,34313196,Posted: 17 August,all,guld nuva,one of the best games out there!!! money well ♥♥♥♥ings spent
,Recommended,287390,34267709,Posted: 15 August,all,Shadowromeo1784,"My Personal Review - Metro Last Light ReduxMy Personal Rating 8.8/10Conclusion:Metro Series has always been one of my favorite Video Game Franchise especially this ""Last Light"" compared to other shooter this game is different.it's unique. it has one of the story that is unforgettable it's atmosphere, characters, the story line, script/plot, soundtrack. in my opinion were superb.ofcourse there is no perfect game but at those things  i mentioned it did really well on that. it was so unique. it was good. it was executed very well.it's what i exactly look for a good story. if you are looking for a great story rich FPS Game and tired of typical COD type of games. you better play this one.it's one of the best FPS game i've played and this is definitely one of my most favorite.Pros:- Great Graphics At Ultra Settings- Great Story- Great Atmosphere- Interesting Characters- Great Soundrack- Great Script/Plot- Interesting NPCs Backround Conversation- Interesting Encounters- Gameplay Was Decent Nothing Special- Gun Combat Were Decent Too Better Than Metro 2033Cons- Sometimes There Is A Bug Where Your Performance Will Drop Hugely (Just Turn Off Physx To Avoid That)- There is A Bug Sometimes Between Sound But Nothing Huge And Game Breaking- The Game Is Using Same Voice Actors/Actresses On Their NPC Encounters But Forgivable- Game Is Using Same Character Skin On NPCs(To Be Honest I Should Not Even Mention That. Since Some Games Do Too But Not To Obvious)Rating On Each Aspect- Story: 9/10- Gameplay: 7.5/10- Atmosphere: 9.5/10- Soundtrack: 8.5/10- Voice Acting: 7.5/10- World: 9.5/10- Dialogue: 8/10- Content: 8/10To be honest all those cons i mentioned they are not that huge. but i had to mention them because of you know neutrality. no game is perfect. but if you ask mei can forgive them on all of those because when this game was made the company who did. ""4A Games"" they were probably small at that time. and they still managed to createa game like this. i can't wait for Metro Exoudus i hope it is an success. i can see that game has alot of chance to be great just like it's predecessors."
76561198343577333,Recommended,287390,33736698,Posted: 22 July,all,₡arrot ❤,"suvivar horror,kill the mutant, kill the nazists army ....... and story moral civilian ....good story.... oh 1 more jumpscare i forget XD  .... hahaha"
,Recommended,287390,34303462,Posted: 17 August,all,FlameFrozen,One of best games in my life
,Recommended,287390,34775020,Posted: 6 September,all,𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑳𝒊𝒄𝒉 𝑲𝒊𝒏𝒈,"The game becomes much more of a survival-horror with An actual story + immersive dialogue and excellent graphics.This game is one of the best atmospheric shooters ever made.Its not particularly scary but it tells a dark, depressing story and engages your emotions like few games ever did.Metro LLR is definitely worth a play through. The visual effects are top notch. The sound effects and music meet expectations. Once you get over the little flaws, Last Light Redux is thrilling and satisfies your apocalyptic FPS needs."
,Recommended,287390,21057075,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sir_Wulf,"Metro: Last Light is the final chapter of Artyom's story.And it's ♥♥♥♥ing great.The breath taking story is incredible with great gameplay, best visual fidelity and a story which can make a grown man cry. Simply put, this is a must buy.10/10(P.S. There's a highly detailed lap dance and bewbs)"
76561198005971256,Recommended,287390,13780366,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kor,"If you liked Metro 2033, then this is definitely worth buying! Lots of shooting and stealth with great story. 10/10"
76561198252749096,Recommended,287390,34157158,Posted: 10 August,all,Chroniken des Spastischen,"This Game is just Amazing, i dont want it to end. I could play a game in this world my whole life"
76561198168010793,Recommended,287390,16913816,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,alijahthemessiah,"One of the best story telling games I have ever played, with great gameplay, challenge, and excitement!Its a shame the game was only 9 hours but hey, 10/10."
,Recommended,287390,34774596,Posted: 6 September,all,Bullet Time,"Metro 2033 was a perfect experience of surviving, but metro last light exceed the limits that metro 2033 established, has a better fight experience, a better story, an amount of different situacion, a lots of decision that affects to the end, and a inesperated turn of events from the last game, changing our point of view about ""Darks"".Could be 2 endinds, the ""good"" one and the ""bad"" one, all depends on your decisions.The only problem that metro has is the frame rate, few times it's go down making it unplayable.*9.85/10*"
,Recommended,287390,28246120,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Johnny,great
76561198366812656,Recommended,287390,34568119,Posted: 28 August,all,EdoASan,"This is such a great game, I liked it even more than Metro 2033. The story is really catchy, the graphics are outstanding even if it is a game of 3 years ago, the sound and ambient it's just really awesome... and of course, the gameplay in survivor mode is really good, you need to keep track of your resources in pretty much every level and don't let the mutants outnumber you. I got 14 hours in the main story and that is for the difficulty, pretty sure that in spartan mode it should give you around 10 or 11 hours, but still the length it's ok. It has some extra levels that I still need to try yet.For me the game is so good that I will try to get all the achievements, for sure.Also, my only complaint is that, when you start the level ""Through Hell"" (or something like that) it will crash everytime (at least for me) I tried to continue from where I left it, so if you are having the same issue, the only fix I found on internet is to restart the chapter and don't stop until you finish the chapter. You will need to do this from now on in order to not get any crash. So, start every chapter and finish it.Overall my rate is 9/10. I'm not giving the full score just because of this error, because it got really annoying in some point not only because it crashed but because I had to watch the game intro every single time lol.But please, if you see that the game is on sale, take it... even if it is full price just take it ffs. And look forward for Exodus :D"
76561198139639732,Recommended,287390,23315707,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,zxXJackXxz,No words can describe this game.. download it now ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,287390,34876194,Posted: 10 September,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Metro: Last Light is, without a doubt, one of the best first person shooters you'll find out there. Great story based on some really good books, a near perfect atmosphere between the underground metro systems and horrid landscape of the ruined surface and to top it all off excellent replay value. Each playthrough, this game manages to stay incredibly fresh. Note, my first playthrough was on the Xbox 360 release and I've played three playthroughs on the PC Redux version. There aren't many changes over the original, save for better graphics, tighter controls and some improved gun mechanics. However, the AI seems a little dumber than before, unable to detect the player in several situations. However, when you are spotted (depending on your difficulty) this game can become quite the fierce challenge. Even on the normal non-survival difficulty, this game can have it's trying points to the uninitiated.You play as Artyom, the main protaganist in the Metro series and you take him on his continued journey after a friend of his, Khan, finds a surviving ""Dark One"" in the ruins of the botanical gardens that you unleashed several warheads on in the first game. No spoilers though, you find this all out in the first few minutes. His journey is much like Metro 2033, slices of lives and the hanging knowledge that the metro isn't just the last possible bastion of mankind, but how alive it's become with both the little lives of the people who inhabit it and the mutants and anomolous events which haunt the deeper parts of the Metro.This brings me to both the atmosphere and graphics style of the game. Everything is perfect for what the studio strived to complete. You want an oppressive post nuclear world in which simply travelling to another station is a life or death situation fraught with terrors and unexplained events? Metro is for you. There are even points that rival some big horror games, if not almost out match them. Vivid hallucinations of the past, repeating endlessly, reliving the final moments of the nuclear apocalypse. Shadows linger in ruined homes, neither living 'nor dead, but trapped in the Hell that man has created. As Khan once said, ""When we set fire to the world, we atomized Heaven and Hell along with ours. The dead have no where to go, but to wander the Metro."" Okay, I'm paraphrasing, but the gravity of this world is intense. Old world ideologies still pulse in the minds and heart of man, man against man, all the while the world slowly crushes the souls of the surviving human race.Between the metro and the daunting surface, you can find yourself become almost lost at times. Not due to bad level design, but the confusion of cities that have been taken back by what nature is left. The environment works against you, blending together like the chaos it has become. When this game gets dark, it gets DARK. Assuming you set your gamma levels to a lower setting. The darkness of the metro is pronounced and oppressive, beyond it's already deadly passages.The gunplay isn't anything special, but is assembles it's pieces well and that's all it needs to do. You can find a decent variety of weapons, between revolves and pistols, shambler shotguns and auto shotguns and a decent selection of assault rifles, along with some other goodies such as pressurized weapons that fire steel balls or a crossbow. However, the sneaking system feels almost OP. Enemies, even on more difficult settings, seem to have a hard time spotting the player, making sneaking much easier than it should be. But, this is corrected in the trademarked ""muck up cascade."" When you screw up, you can screw up big and every enemy between you and possibly the end of that level knows your there and they're coming for you.Now I should note, there are two main difficulties aside from difficulties such as normal, hard and et cetera. Spartan and Survival. Spartan is more in the taste of a traditional shooter and much more forgiving than survival. Where Spartan you'll find a decent amount of loot caches and the such, Survival limits the amount of ammo and loot you'll find. On the harder difficulties, things like hints are gone and further up, your HUD can be either limited or removed entirely, providing a very immersive and realistic experience. You can die VERY easily on the Survival hardest difficulty, but weapons respectively do much more damage. Shoot an enemy in the chest, he isn't going to be doing very good. Shoot a leg he may limp off and bleed to death, begging for help as the life slowly leaves him.Now a more nuanced game mechanic here is the moral system. You get an unseen amount of moral points for completing hidden tasks, most are simple, such as listening to people chatter, finding stashes, going non-lethal and finding alternate routes through areas. These moral points also effect the games ending. Like Metro 2033, Last Light has two endings you can experience which manage to make you reflect on your actions throughout the game. Don't think like a gamer, but immerse yourself in Artyom's shoes and think about what really divides you between another ruthless killer or a good hearted samaritan. Many are nuanced, but some moral points are very straightforward. You know when you get a moral point, the screen flickers a small amount with a recognizable almost positive sound.In the end, I've had an immense amount of fun with Metro: Last Light. If you enjoyed the first Metro game, or even like the STALKER games, I guarentee you'll love Metro: Last Light. It's worth every penny!!! And hey, you can get both Metro games in a dual pack as well if you're new to the series for only $30(USD). As said, I GUARENTEE you'll love this game. If you don't... well shoot, I don't know what to tell you other than you don't like video games.What are you waiting for? Get this game! It's worth it!"
,Recommended,287390,13171426,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Orgox,"9/10 - The metro series is mostly a corridor shooter with extra paths to explore, but damn it is a really good one.The ambient is very well done and graphically it is really pretty (or sad).Story... well without the context of the books probably doesn't make much sense but it is worth investing on it. Also has different endings, that depend on subtle actions you did while playing, and most are not obvious good or bad moments.Recommended playing on survival - ranger hardcore difficulty, as the game fully provides anything you need without HUD and it just makes the experience more immersive and compelling.(Plz do more games 4A Games.)"
76561198072393166,Recommended,287390,13160241,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Megumaggedon,"If you'v playied Metro 2033 your going to love this. new weapons, character and a lot of improve gameplay. the only downside is that the game is very bugy. Starting the game in the main menu you notice that in the background there's a flouting gun, but you play anyways hoping that it was nothing, but through your disappointment you see invisible charaters wth flouting guns and otherings. If your one of the people who has experience Metro 2033 and loved it and want more from last light redux your going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But if your one of the few people who can run the game you'll love ittraining wheel/10"
,Recommended,287390,35095330,Posted: 20 September,all,1st LT. S.Freer,"Recommend this game to anyone who likes linear story but with some exploration to it. Recommend playing this game on Ranger Mode Survival much better gives you a better inlook on the game instead of a fps shooter which is very refreshing from COD or BF games. The overall gameplay effects how you start and how you end if you spend all of your money on something you might not get something you have wanted in the future in the story, so choices have to be made. I recommend this game 10/10."
76561198128799799,Recommended,287390,26932083,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MEATMANFTW,Metro: Last Light is personally one of my favorite games that have ever been released. It is a very immersive and cool game to play. If you really enjoyed Metro 2033 you may understand what i mean. The characters feel so real and are very deep. i give this game a 10/10.
,Recommended,287390,28603640,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,凤凰,"The game is set in a depressing time where Russians who survived the nuclear World War 3 live underground in the Metro. Yet within the confines of the train stations, humans still possess the capability to advance, trade, explore, love, betray and fight with each other. The world has become a brutal and harsh place filled with monsters evolved from insects, rats, dogs and even tigers.Metro: Last Light is a first-person shooter that focuses on the atmosphere and story aspects. You will be constantly checking your surroundings and minding your tools of survival. Majority of the game is set in tunnels and enclosed spaces, but while the game is mostly grey in palette, it still surprises with beautiful vistas and meticulous attention to detail to the people you meet. The game also features amazing water and blood effects.The world is believable and the setting is interesting.I recommend playing Metro 2033 as well."
,Recommended,287390,19392691,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,unlucky lecherous lustful idiot,A Hyper Realistic Apocolype Game. You will enjoyed everything about it.Graphics are beautiful.Storyline is full of boobs and sex but it's still cool.Game mechanics are well done. You can wipe blood off my gas mask.
76561198057634071,Recommended,287390,24379697,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Arkarov,"It live up to its predecessor.[STORY] Metro: Last light follows Artyom's story just where you left it and continues onwards while visiting some familiar places and new ones in the metro. The appearance of a surviving dark one sets off a mission to find him while trying to keep yourself alive from humans and monsters alike.[GAMEPLAY] Expect the same type of gameplay that Metro 2033 had to offer. Managing ammo, gas masks/filters and stealth are a big part of the game. If you are a big fan of the last one, the stealth system has been improved so it is possible to be a complete ninja.[ADDITIONAL MISSIONS] Along with the main campaign, the game offers you extra content to enjoy after or before you beat it. Some have you take the role of soldiers of different factions, become a grunt ranger exploring the surface or play shooting range-like missions.[DIFFICULTY] It is definitely easier than the first one and more casual friendly. Even starting in survival/ranger hardcore mode for the first playthrough wasn't a problem. Going around with guns blazing is a viable option now since guns no longer 1 hit-kill you like in the previous game. In the other hand, creatures seem to be more dangerous which is great and how it is supposed to be.[VERDICT] It is worth your money. The game has on average an 11 hour campaign; however, I would recommend playing Metro 2033 first if you haven't played it already in order to understand the whole picture of the events going on here. It is a great sequel."
,Recommended,287390,16358661,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Raven,One of the best single player campaigns you'll ever play.
76561198056186683,Recommended,287390,16687641,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,I have 15 hours on the original NON Refux version which was removed from Steam after the Redux version came out. This is a a slightly prettier version of the visually impressive ultra immersive Last Light with some better performance overall and far better optimization. STILL. It lacks an FOV slider and must have it fixed in the config. Otherwise this is the best shooter I've played since 04.
76561198320663487,Recommended,287390,35231342,Posted: 26 September,all,Matthew Mahogany,Great game.Great gameplay.Great Atmoshpere.Great in gerneral.
,Recommended,287390,28968392,Posted: 2 January,all,BorisBritva,"Incredible game the most beautiful and atmospheric game i have ever played!!!The destoyed Moscow is incredible,the ost also incredible,overall this game true masterpiece!!!Games like this helped me to throw Dota 2 from my life forever(at least i hope)!!!Ther is no point to write more about this game if you do not like fps games you shoul play it and you will start to love! If you love fps games you MUST PLAY this game(also Metro 2033).Definetly recomend this game!!!Pros1.The breathtaking graphic!2.Oustanding story about Artem!3.The incredible atmopshere!4.Great gameplay mechanic!Cons.1.There could be a bit  good optimisation.So i have beaten this game second time.And i have no words to describe my feelings.This game so impacted on me that i cried.[Attention spoiler] Only one thing i could not undesrtand in point of fact the ""bad"" ending is not BAD.i have heard from many people that when Artyom explodes D6 it is a bad ending i will argue with them,personally i think that it is not bad ending!!!Artyom had to do like that way to save all humanity and dark ones[Spoiler is End].Altougheter this game is very impressive and unfourtunetly underated game,i could say only a couple of games that have great atmosphere like this one,Witcher(1),Stalker series and that is all.The destroyed moscow is so atmospheric i do not know how the developers managae to achive this beauty and atmosphere in this game.Great job. I wish i had play the open world game which would have the same graphic and atmosphere like metro redux.Yes,and as you can guess i allude about S.T.A.L.K.E.R 2....which probably will not be developed.Conclusion!!!For me tehre is no real cons,about pros i had wrote already.Definetly 10/10 !!!"
,Recommended,287390,13719695,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"Okay, so if you pay full price for this, you're going to be p****d off, however, what is there not to like about an improved Metro Last Light? (Literally, the graphics are better, it's more optimised, and as a result everything feels smoother)I got it cheap, so I am delighted with this. The Metro 2033 Redux is better than this, but this is still pretty good.Buy it!"
76561198198694089,Recommended,287390,32546276,Posted: 18 June,all,XVII century plague doctor,"This is a great game, but if you want to play it.... please...Play Metro: 2033 first"
,Recommended,287390,33019351,Posted: 29 June,all,Strix eYe,Pros1. Realistic graphics2. Realistic gameplay3. Rich story4. Nice weapom customizationCon1. Very poor hairwork2. Difference between lowest to medium settings is huge
76561198061857045,Recommended,287390,12077359,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MARLEY™,1. Graphic: 9/102. Story: 10/103. Gameplay: 10/104. Atmosphere: 173/10 :)(5.) DLC's: 8/10Just an Epic Post-Nuclear Game!P.S. The same applies to: Metro 2033 - Redux
76561197975067576,Recommended,287390,35451169,Posted: 3 October,all,Flammable,Just took the time to play through this game. This game reminds me a lot of half life 2 and metal gear solid (ps1). Really great game.
,Recommended,287390,27396597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Pimp Named MC Edweed,"Does justice for the story of the Metro, and is truly worth immersing oneself in, for the sake of understanding the plight of fellow dwellers of the Metro."
,Recommended,287390,35503030,Posted: 5 October,all,┼ CBlade ┼,"★★★☆☆ (This rating is from an AMD GPU user, from Nvidia GPU it is ★★★★☆)Metro Last Light , the sequel to Metro 2033 which was an awesome game, now I am not saying Last Light isn’t as good as Last Light, it holds up but Metro 2033 has a stronger narrative that makes your journey and story feel more important than what is presented in Last Light.Now this game has excellent gunplay and it really knows how to make the story feel progressive (sometimes a bit of a mess but still keeps you playing) and I never got bored or TO frustrated on Hardcore difficulty.Oh yeah, this is the redux version, so it does have a graphical improvement, but with that comes some instability/incompatibility , for me at least I had a problem launching the game, only one out of every four launch attempts would the game actually start, the other times it would go to black screen or the game would freeze as the intro starts… (This is probably because I have an AMD GPU, but still, bad developers , bad! Don’t worry I still love you … maybe)Now what the redux also brings along are the DLCs from the original, which is cool but once again this is one of those games where you can easily miss the DLCs because they aren’t in a super obvious place, in order to access the DLCs you need to go to the chapters screen and then press the prompted button displayed at the bottom left of the chapter selection screen… Why do game developers like using this lazy method ? Rather add a new item in the main menu of the game.The DLCs were quite fun, some more than others, and then there were two that just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off,  one because of it’s difficulty and the other because of a game breaking bug… sigh …But still, this a really good game and if you have a Nvidia graphics card definitely check it out, if you have an AMD one however , try going for the non redux version."
,Recommended,287390,35483788,Posted: 4 October,all,Cat Valentine <3,"Summary - Metro Last Light Redux, is a first person post apocalyptic horror survival game, you begin in the ruins of post-apocalyptic Moscow, After the war, you live and survival in the tunnels of the Metro, with a limited supply of everything. With huge mutants and poisoned air above youPros- Great story, this game as a unique story to it, in a good way- Great dialogue, might be considered a weird pro for some, but dialogue in all aspects was good, even during combat and obviously during cut sences and conversations- Long time play time considering the price tag- Great chapter system, when you finish a chapter you're taken to a safe house where you can restock on whatever you want- AI, soliders and animals work very well- Great graphics with the Redux- Opportunity to exlplore certain areas like a open world gameCons- The game is terrible at telling you where to go, sometimes I got stuck for ages on this- The Gas Mask aspect is unique and cool but sometimes annoying when you need to rush a certain but because you have low oxygen- Animations during cut sences were a bit rushedVerdict: Overall, Metro: Last Light Redux is a great game, I would recommend it to almost everyone the game has everything that you would want in a game, story, gameplay, everything. This is 100% recommend from me"
,Recommended,287390,17928361,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,last,"""Is that a gun in your pocket? Or are you just happy to see me?"""
76561197991173463,Recommended,287390,18210602,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PriesT,"TLDR: Don't think, just buy!If you, like me, enjoys fantastic, outstanding storytelling, wrapped in a gorgeous atmospheric environment, with excellent gameplay, you cannot go wrong with Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light.This game is my overall favourite game, of any that i own and have played (since the late 1990's).It's right up there with games like Assassins Creed, the Mass Effect trilogy, Deux Ex: HR and The Witcher in terms of storytelling and quality. They are, ofcourse all, close contenders to the throne, but the Metro series brings it home.100/10, would follow Artyom again anywhere, anytime.(PS: Don't be fooled by the relative low number of hours played on Steam. I have 100+ on a different install)."
,Recommended,287390,27397395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roxaile,"the apocalyptic atmosphere is so aesthetically pleasing to mebesides that, i think the game was very well made. graphics are awesome, mechanics are simple and easy to access, and the story keeps me on edge. gg"
,Recommended,287390,26029711,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ollie,This game has great♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,16812453,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Donnavan,Spiders...everywhere.... plez no spiders
,Recommended,287390,25127322,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LostSandwich,"srsly tho, this game is da bomb"
76561198250263296,Recommended,287390,28809554,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fake theebee,"Epic.... I've never played Metro before and now whenit was on sale, i said why the f*** not. So i bought it and .... Start was nice... But then .... you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked into the Nazi underground base .... little bit of rage but still fun .... and then ... you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked again ... but this time into the communist base ... well i didn't got much further so this is it ... Game has nice graphics .... Pretty good gameplay .... And its just great ... So go buy it :D"
76561198063281813,Recommended,287390,12096630,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,InsanityWolf,"Man, what a game! I loved this russian-themed post-apocalyptic sequel to Metro 2033! I really hope they make more games in this series because this world has so much potential for more adventures!Metro: Last Light elaborated on the story of the first game and delivered a well portrayed story of a russian soldier trying to do his best to stop the annihilation of his settlement in the underground tunnels of the Russian Metro (again). The characters were great, and again, it was a good mix of action and horror that kept you on your toes.I recommend picking up the two Metro Redux games (a remake of the 2 original games) and giving them a crack if you are interested in the genre. They were both very enjoyable."
,Recommended,287390,20219928,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Southern,"If you liked S.T.A.L.K.E.R, any tight FPS or Metro 2033, then this ought to be on your list to play. I cannot recommend this highly enough."
,Recommended,287390,21988773,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,impulse101,I can be a Russian 11/10
,Recommended,287390,27059250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R4M3T0,"Great gameplay , Great voice acting , Great environment i enjoyed every bit looking aroundThe story oh boy i need a whole day to write how amazingit was. the first metro ending washappy ending but kinda made me feel bad about the dark ones you would understand what i mean if you played this onethe second wasBit sad and good at the same time,the both games have dark story and emotional its just amazing story really have no words to describe how much i loved it and i'm really glad to have Metro franchise  on my library."
76561198023729375,Recommended,287390,24030964,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,(RNGR) Palacov,"Another great game! the story was fantastic when i first played it, and i am looking forward to playing it again."
,Recommended,287390,11907029,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TheDevil,"To those of you having issues installing Im sorry. To those of you looking to buy I sudgest doing research before you purchase to avoid being like my first statement. There have also been a few potential solutions on the forums for getting the games working. Even if you do though there are many people having issues with frames. The simple solution to use if you are having issues with frames is to setup vsync through your Nvidia control pannel. This will not* correct the Bushes of doom unfortunately so avoid walking into them in combat. This launch of the Redux games was mainly intended for XB and PS, boo i know. Many of the player base for Metro had already played the original games. I bought 2033 for a reimagined and updated experience for one of my favorite games I only purchase LL redux because I beleive in supporting the devs so this story continues I didnt notice too many times things were different. I would like to beleive that we are being used as essentially a beta test for the 4a engine. The 4a engine is a whole new engine from what the original LL used contrary to what many people will tell you. If I am correct these people having issues with playing the game will not be having the same issue for the next installment of the story.This game was beautiful, scary, and it truly has one of the best stories in any game. 11/10Side note cut these Devs some slack a lot are still in Ukraine which if you didnt know looks like it might get invaded here soon."
,Recommended,287390,30792099,Posted: 28 March,all,Not Game Pub,Great sequel to great game. Nothing more to say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,287390,30719580,Posted: 24 March,all,The ATF is 100% Constitutional,Pros:Better than Metro 2033Half of the game is killing goddamned commiesA Russia Simulator where you aren't a goddamned commie and where the goddamned commies get nukedCons:Needs more NaziSome of the monster-only parts of the game towards the end get boring by third playthroughMade me flunk two tests since I was trying to do a fourth playthrough instead of studying9.5/10 best singleplayer Ruskie Simulator in my library besides STALKER. Would pay full price.
76561198063185839,Recommended,287390,19065377,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,Sweet Game :D
,Recommended,287390,31051312,Posted: 9 April,all,NanoNewton,Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Don't pay the hooker for the lapdance.Get this game though. Very immersive and has a sligthly appealing storyline than Metro 2033.Ps your decisions in the game doesn't effect the ending to an extent.
,Recommended,287390,21505755,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JimtheSFN,"Will be pretty much the same as for my review on Metro 2033 Redux.I did enjoy the game except the crashes it gave me at times(using Windows 10).It has a great story and the combat is fun. You can either go full out rambo style or do it more stealthy if you want to.Up to you how you wanna play the game.Customize your weapons and use the ones you want to. There isn't any wrong ones.Play Metro 2033 Redux before you play this game to play through the story in the correct order.The atmosphere, graphics, music and the characters in the game are really great.I do recommend you play it and as I mentioned that you play through Metro 2033 first."
,Recommended,287390,22918298,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ChEsHir3,"I've replayed the game three times and I still find myself drifting back to it every now and then, Truly immersive and visually stunning. Very well made game. Still haven't beat the game in the hardest mode, to be honest. I can honestly say that this game is well worth the whole 20 dollars, and getting this game AND the first installment of the series is just too good to pass up. If you don't have this series in your library, definitely pick these games up when they go on sale."
76561198256376457,Recommended,287390,29742022,Posted: 6 February,all,♛ReWYoU♛,This game amazingRating 10/10
,Recommended,287390,15676296,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,slow17,"Metro: Last Light é a continuação do jogo Metro 2033, game de FPS com elementos de terror, stealth e muita ação que se passa na Russia após sofrer um ataque de bombas nucleares.Ele segue a mesma linha do primeiro, ou seja, quem gostou do 2033, vai amar o Last Light, pois ele segue com os mesmos elementos e a mesma jogabilidade, porém, agora, o jogo foi melhorado, está mais dinâmico, existe uma variedade maior de cenários, monstros, os combates estão mais intensos, etc. A história está mais interessante também, cheia de reviravoltas e possui vários personagens memoráveis.Os gráficos do Last Light são belíssimos, o jogo é riquíssimo em detalhes, os locais, tanto os tuneis do metro quanto a superfície estão espetaculares, e os personagens principais também, basta comparar o Khan do primeiro para o segundo, por exemplo.Se você não jogou Metro 2033, NÃO JOGUE METRO LAST LIGHT, o Last Light começa logo após o fim do 2033, então, para um aproveitamento melhor da história, jogue primeiro o 2033.Quem jogou o Metro 2033 e não gostou, acho que não vai gostar do Last Light. Mesmo com as melhorias, o jogo continua com exatamente a mesma jogabilidade.O jogo rodou muito bem, mesmo com um hardware mais modesto, consegui jogar no normal com a faixa de 40~60 FPS, basta ter uma placa de vídeo mediana. Não encontrei bug nenhum durante o jogo.Para quem usa Linux, o port do redux está rodando muito bem, joguei no Elementary OS do começo ao fim sem problemas.TL/DR:10/10 Excelente jogo."
,Recommended,287390,16569147,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HOMIE,"Metro é um dos jogos mais bonitos que já joguei (#FATO). Após muitos jogos terem passado por mim realmente METRO  deixou-me de queixo caído em diversas partes, tem uma ambientação linda, texturas de alta qualidade e efeitos de luz e som que dão um tom de survival-horror . Na superfície é ainda mais impressionante, pois pelo fato de estar tóxico e somos obrigados a usar mascara, o que faz com que todo o efeito de vento, lama e lixo atrapalhe a visão. Tempestades, raios, monstros, pedaços do cenário a cair, falta de oxigênio isto tudo ao mesmo tempo, adicionado o fator de que a mascara começa a partir deixando-o exposto a radiação faz assim a experiencia de estar na superfície ser igual a um pesadelo. Resultado de tudo isto? Um excelente jogo, pesado PARA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mas que vale apena para quem curte,tem um enredo dramático e um jogo para lembrar pro resto da vida.~[ENG]Metro is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played (#FACT). After many games have passed by me really METRO left me jaw dropped in many parts, has a lovely ambiance, high quality textures and light effects and sound that give a tone of survival-horror. On the surface it is even more impressive because the fact of being toxic and are required to wear masks, which makes every wind effect, mud and garbage obstruct vision. Storms, lightning, monsters, pieces of scenery to fall, lack of oxygen, all at the same time, adding the factor that the masks crack's leaving you exposed to radiation, making the experience on the surface to be like a nightmare . Result of all this? An excellent game, heavy AS ♥♥♥♥ but it worth for those who enjoy, has a dramatic plot and a game to remember for life."
,Recommended,287390,29075760,Posted: 6 January,all,ＬＩＬ ＦＩＪＩ,"So i bought this game on sale during the halloween steam sale in a bundle with the Redux version of Metro Last Light and Metro 2033, this games moral choices, characters and actions are quite amusing, the voice acting is quite clunky at times but the endings of these games brings alot of moral and emotional choices as you progress which i personally enjoy, This game has a great horror/survial theme to it aswell so 10/10 kill watchmen again"
76561198084679984,Recommended,287390,32351156,Posted: 11 June,all,Melloh™,Just started playing.... can already tell this game is amazing. Got it on sale for $5 would buy it for $60.
76561198132246895,Recommended,287390,32355444,Posted: 11 June,all,Gunter,2 Spooky 4 me
,Recommended,287390,21210188,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Consural,"Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light are my favorite video games of all time. And with good reason. The story is amazing, the sounds are immersive, the graphics are breath-taking, the music is brilliant and most importantly; the atmosphere is simply peerless. Both of the games played in Ranger Hardcore mode (And Survival Mode, of course) is the most immersive experience you can ever witness in a video game series. I've finished both games several times, I've read the books. And I'm STILL left wanting for more. I'm eagerly waiting for the new Metro video game and an English translation for the Metro 2035 book.  If you somehow still haven't played either of the Metro games just give it a go, even if it is for a few minutes. There is no way to not instantly get drawn in this amazingly constructed world and story."
,Recommended,287390,25230999,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lorgar (Chris),"A very linear experience (as expected from having played the first game), but quality was superlative throughout. 9/10."
,Recommended,287390,20338694,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,the_true_joz,"(just for understanding, steam hour counter isnt applicable in this case, since i passed game multiple times before i bought it on steam)Metro, my old love...from where i should start this review?From very invigorating atmosphere of loneliness and hopelessness?As most of games that come from ex-Soviet bloc, it lacks polish. It is brute, hard, buggy...but all bad things fade away from it in distance, when it comes to how this game feels.Only similar game that makes one person feel like this is Stalker series. I dont know why, but i, personally, find it very hard to pull away from.It is buggy, even in redux version. In my last playthrough, after reaching Undercity part of campaign, i cannot progress any further, since game crashes whenever i try switching weapons.But that aside, i still would recomend it to everyone and anyone.Try the Metro. Experience the Metro...Survive the Metro?Once you enter, there is no hope of leaving Metro. Only Last Light before you fade away."
76561198141683313,Recommended,287390,26018915,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Stingray1964,This is a game you cant play just once it is amazing i Highly recomend it!
76561198298375197,Recommended,287390,23117092,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ancestors,Time to test the human nature
,Recommended,287390,33262570,Posted: 4 July,all,Onyx Knight,Master piece
76561198072365375,Recommended,287390,22914116,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DaveCGS,Both games are amazing adventures that I have never played anything quite like it. It sticks with me how much fun I had and how much thinking about consequences it provided. I wish they would make more. Highly recommended FPS.
76561198012833532,Recommended,287390,22583302,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Better in every way, if you speak about grapgics, gameplay and I would say even story is better than 2033. In Redux version, there are even some bonus missions that expand the game further which is always nice."
,Recommended,287390,17561649,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Level1noob,"Some people call them daemons, I call them ♥♥♥♥♥es.-Uncle Bourbon"
,Recommended,287390,18007806,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kenz,"By this game, i can know why every Russian stuff is so tough and tanky :""<8.5/10"
,Recommended,287390,34040998,Posted: 5 August,all,MamaChomsky,"Much better than 2033, solid."
76561198377375627,Recommended,287390,34088061,Posted: 7 August,all,XToEveryEnemyX,Hardcore. No hud. Great story. Intense gameplay. Definitely worth it.
76561198255149084,Recommended,287390,34037287,Posted: 5 August,all,WEAK LION,من  أجمل الالعاببانتظار الجزء الجديد
76561198059313368,Recommended,287390,34114123,Posted: 8 August,all,tai lopez,Don't listen to conversations ✔Don't touch the guitar ✔Don't release prisoners ✔Kill surrendering enemies ✔Shoot watchmen ✔Steal MGR from strangers ✔Kill civilians ✔Drink Vodka and do drugs ✔Kill Pavel and Lesnitsky ✔Don't help kiddie ✔Gets good ending ✔
,Recommended,287390,22982642,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,-GoV-Kaka- S> BOA Bonzo,Probaly one of the best game's I've played for a few years!Also metro 2033 redux! <3
76561198254201509,Recommended,287390,34522070,Posted: 26 August,all,Ghost™,* The  game is intnse ...full of suspense !* Good storyline* Controls are simpleI didnt like the one element of  this game  that is  SSAA  ( in graphic settings )I  had to lower it to 2X to get 60 fps at 1080 p .I have gtx 1060 graphic card and i5 6500 6th gen  processor  and was expecting to play the game with maxed out settings :/Overall  the game is good ..I would say  one time play .
76561198048792172,Recommended,287390,18229893,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,✠Sam Hyde✠,Basically makes me cry
76561198151830806,Recommended,287390,34366431,Posted: 19 August,all,Comrade Pingu,"Played for boobie-scenes.Whatever you do, go to the Venice stripclub and pay for a ""dance"".I can assure you that you will be pleased with the outcome.Hey I just sat there and paid the girl over and over again for an hour. Yeah...Dont judge me ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197972510824,Recommended,287390,13205671,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Canadian 2nd Nations,"This has turned out to be one of the best single player fps I have played.Not really into the mutants, but what can you do?I was skeptical because I tried the orignal Metro 2033 years back and was very disappointed,however the new A4 engine is amazing."
76561197970575995,Recommended,287390,13324803,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,O.S O.G,Excellent game if you dont have the original!
76561198087019152,Recommended,287390,22882193,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Insecticide,Provides the more we wanted after 2033. Keeps the interest going and just as good.
,Recommended,287390,19240495,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ShellSh0ck1212,"More action, less horror then metro 2033So after ive completed the campaign i must say that i am stunned, Last Light manages to deliver the same atmosphere as in 2033. Mayby not with the same amount of horror but its action packed. A lovely game for Metro fans like me.GameplayThe gameplay of Metro Last Light redux is very smooth, you can see that 4a optimized the experience for some lower end pc`s. Even on a high end pc i can notice the difference, i get about 10-20 fps more when playing the redux version of Last Light on my gaming pc.Also the Ai has been improved, even though i have found the stealth being good but very easy. Using stealth in this game was no challenge for me and i could very easily walk infront of enamies without being noticed. As long as you crouch and stay a bit in the shadows everything is fine. Also you may only talk once to a npc and then its like they ignore you, its very annoying when you want to replay what they have said.As said before the gameplay is smooth and when fighting against the ai they prove to be a challenge.Also the game has beautiful weapon designs and mechanics, it really fits in the lore. The dlc is great, it gives you different perspectives from the situation in moscow, you can play as a sparta soldier etc. .Story complains (minor spoiler)As far as my complains about the story are is that the final battle was way too short for me. Its basicly saying that i like trains and i get a train smacked in my face. The little defence scene was done great but enamies that were retreating were unkillable. The ending scene was really done right though.Some missions were really boring, just basicly kill and advance.The ending system is done well too.My adviceIts worth every penny to buy Metro Last Light after youve played 2033. Especially if you like to have a scary atmosphere with some nice survival elements. This game gives you awnsers on the open ending in 2033 and comes back to it. You really get convinced youve done something bad in 2033.The story keeps you wanting to know what happens next en there are some nice twists.So to shorten it up: smooth, great story, engaging, great graphics and a large amount of content ( about 10h campaign and 8+h dlc) for a singleplayer game.Not so scary but its still intense,8/10"
,Recommended,287390,30088863,Posted: 21 February,all,Niggafish,"Really Awesome, its a must play"
,Recommended,287390,23772922,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ICass,"Oh Artyom! We did a lot of things together. This is a really good game. Story, graphics, musics... During the sales it costs nothing guys you can be sure about that. Have Fun!"
76561198041327937,Recommended,287390,25978878,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mouse,this game is ... amazing. for a fps and a game that runs on rails its so good... it a very emersive world and a good story.
,Recommended,287390,26123772,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,I Noscoped J.F.K,I mightve shed a tear or two
,Recommended,287390,29318548,Posted: 17 January,all,Dodoe,"10/10  Best game everGreat atmosphere, graphics, gameplay and story"
,Recommended,287390,33347524,Posted: 7 July,all,GROM,i played this game for 8 hours straight
76561198085287212,Recommended,287390,17121647,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,DELTA FORCE,metro last lights boob rendering technology is  better than any other game out there.
,Recommended,287390,19334413,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[Xiaowaz.fr] Wazatiste,"Metro: Last Light is an awesome, athmospheric game. You're a lone man triving to survive in a post-apo Moscow, filled with desolation and wilderness.I really love this game. Played in Ranger (No hud) and i had a blast. The metro, Moscow are really beautiful, filled with details and an unique athmosphere; You're truly immersed in a world where man is not a the pinacle, but the bottom, paying with it's life the slightest mistake. And even in such terrible times, you have to deal with political manoeuvers and do your utmost to survive.It's not an easy game and you have to watch your back, use sparingly your ammo and tighten your butt in the shadows when beasts close. It's also very gratifying as you'll have lots of options to deal with the situations you face.tl;dr: love hard and rewarding game ? Play it.Love cowadudy ? Leave at once."
,Recommended,287390,28877166,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Saropah,"A must buy FPSone of the best First Person Shooter i have ever playedTested on Lubuntu linux 16.04 ,Radeon R7 Kaveri with OpenSource driver Mesa 13.1-devNOICEE!!!"
,Recommended,287390,19490658,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nudey,Very good
,Recommended,287390,14136256,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Salty Psycho,A love story about a man named Pavel and Artyom.
,Recommended,287390,19187686,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,momo,Russian Subway Simulator
,Recommended,287390,30732559,Posted: 25 March,all,✪TriggeRYYY,The BOOBS is Tru;y Amazing
,Recommended,287390,30908368,Posted: 2 April,all,SuperŻyd,IS GUT KOMRADE!
,Recommended,287390,30007261,Posted: 18 February,all,Insania,If you never played metro games your not a real gamer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Metro games keeps you wondering what will happen to us in the futureTrust me this game is one of those that change the way you look at the world.I hope the third installment of the game will be godlike gameI suggest buying this masterpiece !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287390,24133403,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"This is a perfect continuation of an already near perfect game. Last Light continues a strong gameplay and story driven experience that of 2033. Everything remains intact to the core and often expanded on giving familiar and fresh feelings at the same time. Both Metro games were easily enjoyed and enhanced with a replay of the Redux after having played the originals. There is great anticipation that the next Metro game will also be a classic, Metro as of right now is easily one of the best Single player games.see here for Metro 2033 reviewhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/StillBlaze/recommended/286690/"
,Recommended,287390,25867820,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Arnold Senior,"Good story, good graphics and great gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,28426839,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sakata Yoga,The story of this game is AMAZING!!Try it and you'll like it
,Recommended,287390,23645971,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cole Yeets,"Beautiful GameDefinitely worth a buy. Great Story, Awesome Scenery, Russians, Boobs, Demons, it has it all."
,Recommended,287390,32421406,Posted: 14 June,all,(Strai),"★★★☆☆Reasons to Buy:+ Save an atmospheric, post apocalyptic, russian subway society.  In a gas mask.Reasons to Bail:- Linear, with almost no replay valuePros/Cons Feature List:+ Flashlight+ Boss fights+ Atmosphere+ Solid tutorial+ Toggle-able lights+ Doesn't install 50+ GB+ Graphics and performance+ Interesting AI types and variety+ Handheld map+compass & lighter+ Enemies have good impact when shot+ Several interesting locations and scenes+Dark onesadd unique but passive mechanics+ More weapons and attachments than Metro 2033+ More focused story, with an actual goal and villians+ Gas Mask: Breakable, cleanable, timeable (via in-game wrist watch)+ Gas mask is a nice glassy HUD effect, instead of blacking out the entire screen for eye holes+Pilot a train car through the tunnels to optional stops(only for one level of the game)+ Offensive lighting.  While the first game only ever had you turn lights off, for stealth, this one has reasons to turn them on.+ Meaningful difficulty options.  One changes the game from survival horror to an action shooter, by increasing ammo collected, and another disables the HUD (which is already minimal)+ Immersive intuitive minimal HUD.  Your gas mask doesn't have an HP bar, it visibly breaks.  Filters are timed via your in-game wrist watch.  There an informative quest arrow, but it doesn't float magically at the top of your screen, its attached to a handheld note pad.  You can physically see how many medpacks you have left when you use one.  etc.  In fact, just about the only thing represented by a ""normal"" HUD is ammo.+- Jump scares.  2spooky4me+- Controls need minor remapping+- Story doesn't really pickup until ~7 hours in+- Typos and translation issues on diary pages+- Various bits of content were added/removed/changed+- ~10 hour story, little-to-no replay value, unless you want achievements+- The lighter is a nice effect, but sticking it in peoples faces is a bit awkward+- Rechargeable flashlight and air-pump weapons.  Interesting mechanic, but a bit clunky+- Weapon attachments, as upgrades, not customization, and can only be modified in shops (or found presets)+- This game is a direct sequel to Metro 2033, picking up right where it left off.  However, even with that, the first game is hardly worth playing, as the story barely does anything there+- Bare-bones stealth.  You stand in darkness to become completely invisible.  Can KO or Kill enemies, but there's seemingly no difference.  Can't move bodies.  Can't peek.  No distractions.  No enemy detection stages.- Theater- Subway slums- Tasteless nudity- Timed stealth segments- Un-skipable intro title-screens- Hostage scene makes zero sense- No quick-saving, only saves at checkpoints- In-game dialogue often cuts off or overlaps- Most other actions interfere with the lighter- Limited graphic options and no borderless mode- No multiplayer/coop, even though you often have an NPC buddy- Not using Gas Mask breakability to represent HP seems like a wasted opportunity- Doors either can't be opened, magically lock behind you, or can never be closed again- The ending (semi-spoiler)seems like it would create an easy opportunity for the nazis to take over, but based on the happy ending summary, that doesn't seem to happen?- Chambered bullet.  This means you can fire once after reloading, without needing to reload again.  Confusing, inconsistent, and unsatisfying.  BF4 does the opposite, and it works alot better.  Reloading clears the chamber, allowing you to double-reload for 1 extra bullet."
,Recommended,287390,30325482,Posted: 4 March,all,Monere,One of the most impressive (as for me) endings in videogames.You won't feel regret that completed this game.7/10Now i'm waiting for 2035
76561198046242117,Recommended,287390,12406316,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,RyanS1357,This is just 1 of the best FPS i've played since the Half Life series.Recommend buying this support these developers we need more Metro games and books.
,Recommended,287390,26096731,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Teddy.,剧情(Plot)= God Like配乐(Original Score)= God Like游戏体验(Gaming Experience)= Fallout+ Tomb Raider+ Alien: Isolation8/10
,Recommended,287390,13635920,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,George Lucas,Probably Murphy Whitmore cant buy this one and for that reason he hate all people whom like metro  lol﻿
,Recommended,287390,32353600,Posted: 11 June,all,Boar,Why are you looking at reviews? Get out of here stalker and get this masterpiece!
,Recommended,287390,30129209,Posted: 23 February,all,iddqd,Hands down one of the best FPS games ever made.
,Not Recommended,287390,33786787,Posted: 25 July,all,777-Halcyon,"Way too many non-interactive cut-scenes. You end up playing 40% of the time, and watching very slowly scripted cut-scenes the rest of the game. And due to the horribly buggy auto-save that corrupts game saves, you end up playing the same missions/levels again and again from the beginning, and re-watching those cut-scenes that you can't skip. The game designers should go back to game design school and understand what gaming is about (no, it's not 'interactive movies')."
76561198040429188,Recommended,287390,31970883,Posted: 26 May,all,VeNom#1473,"Interesting game,themes.sound,story and graphics 9/10"
76561198176864630,Recommended,287390,20464791,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,xxtwsxx,"Interesting Story, the Graphic is very very Cool and Awesome Events I lived in this gameقصه شيقه وجرافيكس رائع جدا جدا واحداث رهيبه عشتها داخل اللعبة"
,Recommended,287390,19078266,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,DMentMan,"Good game, good graphics, okay story."
,Recommended,287390,12329521,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Quixotic,"Thanks to Metro: Last Light, I know what its like to live in Detroit where life and death is just a few steps away at each street corner."
76561197975364419,Recommended,287390,11897759,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,=T$E= Luci4,Even if u have the original metro get this one. It runs and fells better 2 play + looks better in every detail.However there are a few changes in the game but it is for the better.
,Recommended,287390,11891491,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,bishop,Really pretty game. Great atmosphere.
76561197992121541,Recommended,287390,14867344,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Commandante,You humans killed... all your people... Strange. Foolish. Evil.
76561198263131386,Recommended,287390,28251536,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Abrikos,"Если вы сомневаетесь в необходимости покупки этого шедевра , прочтите.Надо начать с того, что я большой фанат серии игр Metro и прошёл каждую часть на всех сложностях не один и не два раза, поэтому могу объективно смотреть на плюсы и минусы данной игры.Эта игра является продолжением Metro 2033, в которой целью главного героя Артёма было уничтожение улья Чёрных (якобы, представляющих опасность для остатков человеческого рода).В этой части мы узнаём, что одному из Чёрных удаётся избежать смерти от ракет, которые должны были бы истребить не только неугодную людям расу, но и стереть с лица земли весь город! И руководство отправляет нас завершить начатое.Ну не буду больше спойлерить, а перейду к плюсам и минусам игры:Плюсы:Атмосфера постапокалиптического метро;Интересная история;Большой выбор оружия и его апгрейд;Возможности как для бодрого рубилова, так и для стелса;Хорошие бесплатные DLCК сожалению в игре нет как таковых сюжетных и побочных заданий, есть лишь один путь, которому мы должны следовать и иногда влиять на концовку (да, их тут две) своими действиями. Для меня это главный минус. Но это не делает игру менее захватывающей и интересной!Надеюсь, я смог вам помочь сформировать мнение об игре.Хороших поездок на дрезине и побольше фильтров на поверхности! Удачи!"
,Recommended,287390,16337876,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BOYS in the HOOD,"Story: 9.5/10Graphics:  10/10General feel: Creepy but still hardrock style when the shooting startsWhy do i think this game is 9/10?You can turn up the graphics to max with a normal pc no need for super nasa pc. Ive got 4.2 ghz 6 cores and r9 290x with max settings 1080p and it runs atleast with 60 fps, when there is 4 or more people it runs 40 fps ):Buy this game but not for full price, buy both games (Last light and 2033)  for 7.99 when steamsale is on.+Music+Speedrunable+Mood+Loading times-Feels like lagg sometimes when u load ur weapons or look straight up.-There is no metro second light KappaPsst! The game knows when u look at her♥♥♥♥♥;)"
,Recommended,287390,11919960,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,fatal1ty,Now THIS is how you remaster a game. Take note other companies.
,Recommended,287390,14035880,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Humbleification,"THE MOST INTERESTING GAME I HAVE PLAYED. Loved the storyline, loved the combat, loved the monsters, loved the graphics, loved everything about the game. This was probably the best single player story lined game I have played ever. A really good continuation of Metro: 2033. I give this game 100/10 and I highly recommend it to anyone. Also, Last Light has a better ending than Metro: 2033. :3"
,Recommended,287390,28962853,Posted: 2 January,all,Numberlessclone,"may not have good graphics like fallout 4, but if i know something it's that this game has a better story than fallout 4."
76561198014507719,Recommended,287390,28434701,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,reptilious,Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light are hands down the best FPS games I have played in a long time. Way better than the stale mass produced games from the more well known franchises.
76561198052472402,Recommended,287390,16707713,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,achilles,Oyunu normalde almadan önce nasıl bir oyun diye ilk bölümünü izlemiştim.Oyunda bazı sıkıntılar otomatik saveler problem oluyor bkz. filtre veya mermi gibi timing ve stealth önemli olabiliyor.Bu oyunu sakın oynamak için oynamayın hikayeyi ve atmosferi yaşayın.Oyunda loot yapmaya özen gösterin.Kesinlikle alınması gereken bir oyun.
76561198065003642,Recommended,287390,13532726,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,╰Ɲ╮FlaminAssJuice,"Bought this game a couple of weeks ago, thought I played about 3 hours, turned out I have played 77 hours. 11/10"
,Recommended,287390,21772457,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,STΕAM TECH ЅUPPΟRT,peniѕ
,Recommended,287390,21843453,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,You wouldn't download a car,"One of the top 3 best single-player FPS games to date. Redux isn't a huge change, worth it if it's on sale though."
,Recommended,287390,16468373,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Waypalm,"A worthy successor to Metro 2033, beautiful graphics and a creepy, claustrophobic atmosphere that has you constantly on edge. The above ground sections are even more atmospheric, making you wish you were back in the cramped tunnels below. The story is also great, my only issue is I wish it were longer."
,Recommended,287390,16547675,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jacky_My_Boy,"The game is beautiful, sometimes my body was shaking bcs of the scary parts, rly recomend to try it out, i love it."
76561198158563734,Recommended,287390,23856707,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blood1487,This games throws you into a dark and twisted world that offers plently to do. The plot of the campaign is alright and the characters feel relatable. This game is definitely worth it while on sale. I wouldn't buy it for full price since it's an older title that was released a couple years ago.I rate it 8/10. I definitely had a good experience playing through this game's campaign.
76561198195029601,Recommended,287390,16443206,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ISSA,nice
,Recommended,287390,18231213,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Exevolt,"A lot of what I said with my 2033 review can be said about Last Light Redux. It's a continuation of Artyom's adventures in the post apocolyptic world of Moscow Russia but only this time the main threat is not just the monsters that lurk in the Metros and old city but the Reds and Reich looking for what you and your fellows value most. A story of protection and betrayal, Artyom's life sucks some really large testicles."
,Recommended,287390,19891911,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,"Я бухой, блять",Boost your gaming experience with Russian audio in the game.
,Recommended,287390,19542610,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tactical Bacon,"One of the best post-apocolyptic games i'v ever played! Great story line, amazing graphics. The game makes you feel as though your actually there and makes you feel a certain way thatv most games simply cannot do. Great game, Great series, Great books.. definetly recommend this game for anyone."
76561198033779397,Recommended,287390,19645923,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zombie Lidah,very niceworth my penny!
76561198075010835,Recommended,287390,19684636,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Topshotta,Decent Game.
,Recommended,287390,21860549,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,緑-Greelune󠀡󠀡󠀡,Wow...just...WowPros:Very good gunplayVery atmospheric and well doneInteresting NPC'sVERY well done sneak system for patient peopleThe BEST story in a game I've ever seenCons:lol
76561198067583541,Recommended,287390,13513790,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,YoYates,always fun
,Recommended,287390,23922697,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Evaz,The absolutely best game ever made!
,Recommended,287390,20919748,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Elapso,A more thoughtful story and levels than in previous part.8/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMfP6XsGX0Y
,Recommended,287390,15438312,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Death-Knell,10/10 only bad thing is the artym never speaks wich can break your immersion
76561198069803634,Recommended,287390,19611753,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Consy Wonsy,"I'm not usually one for reviews but I felt this game deserves it.This is without question, one of the best games I have ever played.Everything about it: The beautiful soundtrack, immersive and emotional story, beautifully bleak world,  strong character development and enjoyable fighting/stealthing (depending on how you like to play) are absolutely incredible. One of the few games I have played that has made me feel genuinely emotional.I strongly reccomend this game. An absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,287390,27887426,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nomadic,"So far:Graphics:Really niceRealisticKinda like CrysisStoryline:AmazingGives you that feel of an everylasting journey in which you must get past various obstacles to get back homeGameplay:Ultra realisticBut... ui not that goodThis game gives me the creeps; it's like you're actually in a post-apocalyptic world - I mean Fallout, that's just a walk in the park; this is the real thing9/10 Getit"
76561198028678769,Recommended,287390,18168426,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kyle,"Great game, but it has uber bad performance."
,Recommended,287390,22952332,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,CharlieGSツ,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061773611,Recommended,287390,19371705,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,JD1545,Beautiful game with a cool storyline and brilliantly done atmosphere. The shooting feels great as well. The game gives off a rough post apocalyptic survival feel. 8/10. Also make sure to play on ranger mode. Trust me :D
76561198142985009,Recommended,287390,22903257,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,AfroooDeee,I get to kill spiders and sh*t
,Recommended,287390,27911108,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NoTHING,Don't let D6 destroyed
,Recommended,287390,24253836,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bogmaiki,Shut up and take my bullets
,Recommended,287390,21836348,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rikka With An S-Jitte,"A game set in the screwed up future, where you run around killing Nazis, Commies, and ever creature that could be pulled from a nightmare. My kinda game."
,Recommended,287390,24745059,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Li,Good(period).
,Recommended,287390,23933976,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,M0TAXCUOUOU,",k"
,Recommended,287390,15017409,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Soggy,Solid.
,Recommended,287390,25953424,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DVendy,Better than Half Life 3
,Recommended,287390,23038212,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tufted Titmouse,"Awesome game, beat it six or seven times by now.Personally, i like it more than 2033 but that's always up for debate."
,Recommended,287390,23057398,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,FeelAlive,Great linear game but if only the game was an open world.
,Recommended,287390,23340370,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dr. Teh,"IS GOOD GAME, VERY CHEEKI THE BREEKI. GREAT TO PLAY WITH VODKA WHILE SQUATTING WITH YOUR CHUVAKS, ♥♥♥♥♥ IS VERY RECOMMEND  10/10"
76561198080155409,Recommended,287390,16471124,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Swaffelen,"Pros: The graphics in this game are byotiful, I couldn't run this game above 20FPS with SSAO on 4x but it ran just fine without it, at 60FPS without much of a visual difference. This game will immerse you in the Metro, and make you believe you are a part of their world, even though you're just some fat kid playing video gaemes. The tunnels are dark, and eerie and there's ambient noise everywhere, walking around kicked cans, lamps, and even people. Spooby. Playing this game on Ranger mode is a must if you want to be engrossed in the world, no HUD, no tool tips, just you, a lighter, and your favourite silent♥♥♥♥♥♥gun. The tunnels are claustrophobic, the make you feel constricted you hear a noise at the other end you have no choice but you go find it and throw a knife at it. and those ♥♥♥♥ing bugs that you have to scare away with your light, pure nightmares. The surface is equally a scary, even scarier at some points, from little fish that spit green snot at you, to huge flying beasts that are sooooo hard to kill, and are even harder to get away from if you're out in the open. The surface is a marvel to look at, and had me stop and looking around for stuff. Running out of filters is a ♥♥♥♥ING nightmare on Ranger, run out of those and you are dead unless you can find some lying around.Cons: Agh, this game is not easy, this is not a con for some people, but sometimes I just like going balls deep and firing all my weapons into the faces of my enemies, but this game is like ♥♥♥♥ that. Walk around with a silenced EVERYTHING and spam throwing knifes, which at some times can be frustrating and difficult but not impossible. At some times the enemy AI can be completely brain dead at, other times they can hear you squeeze one out 20ft away from them. I did experiecne that bug that stopped me from finishing the game without wiping my save completely, so I have yet to finish Metro: Last Light, this is a HUGE problem and completely broke the immersion for me, and forced me to stop playing, on the other hand the time I did play was fantastic and a absolute treat. But this needs to be fixed ASAP, very big problem, and it seems to be quite popular simple search on the Internets proved that for me.Conclusion: If you are like me and love being immersed inside a game than this is a MUST have you need to play this game. This game is easily one of my favourite single player experiences and is a big step in the right direction for 4A games, Metro 2033 was good, but this something that needs to be played for the majority of gamers. Unless you like running around and shooting stuff and not thinking about anything (but who doesn't every now and again). This is a 9/10 for me, the few things held it back but nothing too major apart from the game killing bug."
,Recommended,287390,28931131,Posted: 1 January,all,kenleeeeeeeee,booooooooooooooooooobs )))
76561198079216225,Recommended,287390,32053532,Posted: 29 May,all,Prison Mike,"This game is a masterpiece, from bosses to spooks in a metro it was pogchamp. 1/10"
,Recommended,287390,21496035,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Chelly19,10/10
76561198101652734,Recommended,287390,22810314,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
76561198242380668,Recommended,287390,21876174,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Donowitz,10/10 would spook again
,Recommended,287390,33405507,Posted: 9 July,all,Raghav Raghu,"This right here is one of the best survival game! Excellent plot, immersive environment which is well suited to the post nuclear Moscow, Artyom is a hero for the Metro!It is time you become One too!Go for it :)"
,Recommended,287390,33097613,Posted: 1 July,all,Sting,buy this.
,Recommended,287390,24518878,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,creation club creator,"The graphics are pretty fine, the gameplay is pretty cool, reminds me of the gameplay of survival games and the story is very interesting. I think everyone should get this game"
,Recommended,287390,33159686,Posted: 2 July,all,gort,I rate this 10/10
,Recommended,287390,33105915,Posted: 1 July,all,Vejita,"If you liked Metro 2033 then this is more of that. The game is far superior and with a much more varied array of environments. (Thankfully less turret sections!)The one downside is that I suppose too many things are carried over from the original game. Many enemies, weapons, and mechanics are all exactly the same. It isn't enough to hurt the experience though.The game really shines every time you are forced up to the surface when it does an excellent job of setting the atmosphere.One other downside is the moral system seems erratic and silly. Despite attaining 80% of the points in the game and avoiding most negatives, I STILL got the 'bad' ending. So either the system is borked or I am a secret ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game is sniffing me out."
,Recommended,287390,33115112,Posted: 1 July,all,FullestSquare0,"Amazing game, Like I said for Metro: 2033 Redux. I played that whole campain and it was a blast! I like the horror feel of the constant ""is something about to run up on me"". 9.999/10Now i need to do both endings."
,Recommended,287390,25486359,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,andyfiw,"Great game, great story!"
76561198034461087,Recommended,287390,13657597,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ANKH,"Love this game! I was never a fan of fps, but it was a genre with so many players i felt i had to try to make myself overcome the claustrophobia that an fps gives me and try to enjoy what i was told was a great story. This game plays like the second half of a great movie or second season of your favorite tv show, im at work right now and im jonezing to get back to playing it. So much so that im on the web just to talk about it.Graphics 10/10Good side characters 5/10Great protagonist 10/10Hatable antagonists 8/10Great story 8/10Controls 9/10Stability 10/10Overall 9/10"
76561198066381232,Recommended,287390,31256542,Posted: 20 April,all,Sir Spoderman,"Well, there is not much to say.Probably THE best Singleplayer Linear Story-Game there is.The atmosphere is without a doubt the best in Gaming History so far. ( Cant think of something better )The Art-Style is incredibly realistic ( not like Fallout postapocalypse, more like S.T.A.L.K.E.R) and the whole Scenery doesnt feel like Levels you are caught in, it feels like a real World where the NPCs really dont just stand there like manequins, they also look and act like real (mostly scared) Humans. The whole Metro looks fantastic (rotten, dark, wet, cheap ""Cities"", Cheap Gear) and really can freak you out.(Dont get me wrong here, it aint a Horror Game -I myself hate those- but it catches the Feelings of Dark wide Tunnels, located under the nuclear wastelands of Moscow)All the Characters and Fractions you'll meet, have identity and arent just ""The tunnel Nazis"" which you get to kill in a few Missions- no you really learn to hate those ♥♥♥♥s. (I guess fighting Nazis isn't a Spoiler amirite?)The Universe itself is quite small (not much room in a Metro obviously) but all the Fractions and Cities are very well thought out and take a huge part in the Game. Bassiclly everybody wants to survive but Nazis and Communists do what they always do..... Quite clear I think. #someonemakeamovieFFSGraphic:Awesome (2014-Standard) with good Performance and very nice Light-Effects, especially with Flashlight+Dusty Tunnels or the Surface (Moscow) itself looks incredible. (Very Cinematic overall)Gameplay:Well its a shooter, what do you expect. Its a bit like Far Cry or Cod, but sligthly more recoil and spread. Stealthing is possible, but hard.NPCs are something between stupid and smart: When you stealth, they can act really stupid (for example: they sometimes just dont see you, eventhough you are clearly visible) but when they see you and it comes to a fight, they are quite challenging. Also allies actually kill stuff.Content:8 Hours are perfectly fine (remember there is a Part 1)Weapons: like 3 of each type or so (3 Automatic guns, 3 Shotguns, 2 Snipers, 4 Pistols, 1 Nailgun) I dont know exactly but its enough ( there is no best weapon just 1 or 2 bad ones)Attatchments: a few sights (including Nightvision yay) laserpointer Silencer and some other stuff.Nothing Special, but it fits the setting (never saw someone running around in postapocalypse with Navy Seal Equip)Enemies (without Spoilering too much): some Humans (with guns obviously), some mutant-wolves , Shrimps (yea the cute small ones ofc ;) and some other suprises *evil laughter* *shivvering cuz they are fk scary and disgusting*Why would I buy this Game and for who is it?Well you gotta like:Tunnels,Postapocalypse,Russians ,a tiny bit of Horror (if you get scared by this you are a bigger p*ssy than i am, and trust me thats hard)and good f*cking StorytellingTo conclude it: if you read this Review and you were like ""Meh not my game"", well f*ck it and buy it anyways. Its a great game with many Aspects of gameplay Styles and a great Story.I promise to you, that when the credits role youll be like "" ♥♥♥♥ that GIMME PART 3 ""If you read this far you must be used to reading bad written texts, shame on you"
,Recommended,287390,11926140,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,♥ Onii-chan ♥,This is great!
,Recommended,287390,24990347,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tom,Good.
76561198049745776,Recommended,287390,11900108,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,farquaaaaddd,"when I just installed the game, I started campaign, and the people are invisible??? I only see their clothing,weapons, and what their holding. Could someone please help me I just got it and I don't want to have wasted my money."
,Recommended,287390,21047149,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Paradise,Pros:-texture detail is incredible-can play stealth mode-good storytelling (maybe)-a lot better than the previous versonCons:-horrible shadow texture-stupid AI-so hard to find the way to the next mission :'(
,Recommended,287390,33161047,Posted: 2 July,all,7 of Spades,i was screaming when i say the Exodus trayler on E3 i realy hope the next one is open world like the witcher and skyrimthe olny problems with these games is that they end
,Recommended,287390,33615942,Posted: 17 July,all,Bonebuss,i like this game it make my peepee hard :)
76561198027159173,Recommended,287390,23723876,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Peginis001,"Excellent gameplay, excellent story. Plus there'sboobs, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,287390,23130919,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,◙shroud,Best of the best
76561198103180123,Recommended,287390,30515309,Posted: 14 March,all,Hengleford,"If you're looking for a game review, you've come to the wrong place. But if you're looking for a fantastic Banana-Bread recipe, you've come to the right place.TipsNo need for a mixer for this recipe! Clean-up is easy too, if you want,you can mix everything in one bowl.The best bananas to use for banana bread are those that are over-ripe. The yellow peels should be at least half browned, and the bananas inside squishy and browning.Ingredients- 2 to 3 very ripe bananas, peeled- 1/3 cup melted butter- 1 teaspoon baking soda- Pinch of salt- 3/4 cup sugar (1/2 cup if you would like it less sweet, 1 cup if more sweet)- 1 large egg, beaten- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract- 1 1/2 cups of all-purpose flourMethod1. Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C), and butter a 4x8-inch loaf pan.2. In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until completely smooth. Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.3. Mix in the baking soda and salt. Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract. Mix in the flour.4. Pour the batter into your prepared loaf pan. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at 350°F (175°C), or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean.5. Remove from oven and cool completely on a rack. Remove the banana bread from the pan. Slice and serve. (A bread knife helps to make slices that aren't crumbly.)"
76561198271788333,Recommended,287390,30772012,Posted: 27 March,all,orin.bukovac.1999,Very good game i like this very much.
76561198018356729,Recommended,287390,29301444,Posted: 16 January,all,K4boomz,one of the best post-apocalyptic games out there10/10
,Recommended,287390,29762020,Posted: 7 February,all,Calamity Jones,"The Metro games are beautifully atmospheric linear shooters with superb gunplay, voice acting, direction, pacing and... Everything... They are fantastic, and if you enjoy FPS story-driven games, you'll enjoy this!"
76561198128754291,Recommended,287390,22912304,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Xd,Good but short.
,Recommended,287390,19356369,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CLiFFe Mr.NumBeR 506494899,"Better than the original edition !+Better graphics quality+Chest bonus system+Free the DLCs on this edition+Better enemy-Character models-Can not buy filtersBut however , this edition is greater ! 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,29048426,Posted: 5 January,all,IfYouKnowYouKnow,Drink the vodka and everything will be alright
76561198114074270,Recommended,287390,24971898,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,✪✪✪CaptainSwertie✪✪✪,really nice game. good story start playing it could stop.
,Recommended,287390,26721807,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bastian,"I've played this game twice in the past couple weeks, so I'd say a game that has stuck with me like that already deserves a thumbs up. But lets look into why...First up you're going to get around 8 hours in a single playthrough, although you can take that up to 16 since you will want to at least play it twice for all the endings and decisions, and on top of that you may want to do more playthroughs for ranger hardcore and the spartan and survival modes. If that's not enough there are additional missions that are great for practice, or giving context to parts of the story that were not so well flushed out.You could probably get just about 30 hours out of this game before exhausting it all.Story, it's easy enough to follow although you will want to play 2033 first in order to understand who specific characters are as a lot of returning characters play major parts in the story, best do your homework on that.There is a lot of tension in the story, very likeable characters that face a lot of ugly situations in a world without mercy.Environment is outstanding, intense levels of detail are poured into this game indoors and outdoors, home stations look like people live there, it is easy to get sucked into this world as the voice actors, animations, models, facial animation and lighting do wonders to getting you immersed.the game has multiple ways to be played, a lot of areas can be completed without firing a shot, taking a life or disturbing the enemies entirely. Passive runs are not possible however as some areas will demand you defend yourself in some capacity, although this typically only applies to mutants for most situations, although the story will force blood to be spilt.There is a moral system, technically, and it is not fun. If you plan to get the best ending then you need to get nearly every moral point, and these points are distributed without making sense, explain to me how you are a better person for finding a old ammo stache, or looting the corpse of a long dead stalker? Keep a guide with you at all times if that's the run you're going for, although don't bother on the first playthrough.TL:DR - A great game with a lot of replay value that is only held back by a poorly executed and explained moral system which locks away the cannon ending to the game."
76561198139886352,Recommended,287390,31799970,Posted: 16 May,all,Mr. Ghost,"Let me tell you something man let me tell you something hardcore man.This game has a great story in it. It does the mechanics and realism of the amazingly (for a post apocoliptic game)I really like the map desing, the feeling that you cpuld be ♥♥♥♥ed any second, lighting in this game is good and dont even get me started on the enviormenthonestly i give this game a 10/10 and i am waiting with full hype on the next game in the series.ConsThey removed some ""cut senes"" from tge oeiginal last light (something i am not a fann of)conclusionGreat game and havent encoubtered any bugs so far."
,Recommended,287390,14772558,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ramon292,really good game 126/10 ducks :D
,Recommended,287390,26036586,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KGVale1812,AAAH BLYAAATTT!!
,Recommended,287390,31101708,Posted: 12 April,all,Compton,not just a game <3 amazing
76561198034885196,Recommended,287390,24842933,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Amazonius,"Such optimized, much better gameplay"
,Recommended,287390,14838274,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Gonzo850,This game should be the industry standard on how to properly remaster a game. It's going to feel nice paying money and getting quality stuff in return. Trust me.
76561198047385340,Recommended,287390,30370748,Posted: 7 March,all,NiKoZ,One of the best games I ever played.
76561198329210043,Recommended,287390,31895798,Posted: 21 May,all,Soap,"Interesting game themes,story and good sound"
,Recommended,287390,12660308,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"Fitting tale and finale to the story of Artyom, the redux of both games is much more efficient and superior to the original of either. I recomend Last Light only be played after 2033, very story driven, Intense Stealth and Combat.8/10 First Person Shooter9/10 Story7.5/10 Graphics"
76561198132634287,Recommended,287390,12401082,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,snoozebucket,"i have bought this game thinking it would work perfectly like 2033 did, i was sadly mistaken, this game doesnt work. no textures or people are visible, i cant see anything of my character. the metro is just a gray floor and i dont know what to do. i have contacted deep silver and they havent sent a response. i hope i will be able to play this or i would like to get my money back. i dont want to buy a broken gameedit-----i found the solution to the problem, i wouldnt say this is a review, i just wanted to let other people to see it to see if they had similar problems and had found a solution. i have found a solution myself and i have no more negative aspects on the game. i havent blamed the develepors, or have i meant to speak ill about this game. its actually really good for all that i have played. i just needed some fixes and now it runs well. i hope i didnt upset anyone thinking that i was ranting about how it doesnt work and complaining about it. i didnt mean to for those who thought i did, i am sorry and i hope those who have the same problem are able to figure it out too.. without reviewing negativley and starting a flame war."
,Recommended,287390,27414961,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BatAmbra,"One of the best FPS of all time.Artyom, you are my waifu."
76561198112924750,Recommended,287390,12405661,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Halkeit,Just a kickass game! 9.5/10
,Recommended,287390,12322511,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Soup,I played 2033 twice and Last Light thrice.  Some of my favorite games of all time.  Play on survival and ranger mode for a great time.
76561198051778502,Recommended,287390,12289228,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,kerryjaggers,"I wasn't sure about the Metro Redux set so first bought 2033 and then Last Light after playing through 2033.  The story is excellent and dfwell-balanced with the action.  The graphics are very good and help bring the gritty, post-apocalyptic world to life.  I highly recommend the total Redux package. 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,12309007,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Chotimba,the plot doesn't hold at all... and it would have been a perfect game if it did... but inspite of that truth... everything else about the game is fantastic... sure some people say that the redux version of last light doesn't justify it's self.. but honestly i have no problem buying it if that might increase the chances of them making another one...
76561198155063390,Recommended,287390,30653048,Posted: 21 March,all,Bramyboy,very good game
76561198064390081,Recommended,287390,16689319,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Peter - Captain Obvious,"This game was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, with an amazing story. The ending left me feeling like there was a void inside, like I didn't know what to do with myself now that the game was completed. The graphics are insane and the environments are dazzling.10/10, was okay"
,Not Recommended,287390,33466480,Posted: 11 July,all,Thomas The Pipe Engine,"First lemme start off with this- Its a good game at its core, different gamemodes provide different playstyles and it helps non-fps centered players get the same immersive experience fps players would. Oh did I mention that the storyline is ""engaging"" and personally I like it, but this also brings my main problem with it. (From this point I will be comparing to the Metro 2033 Redux Game as I feel the aspects of both provide immensly different experiences -duh-)In Metro 2033, the gameplay was shooting heavy, and I liked this aspect of the Metro seris more, call it ironic, but I felt more connected to the storyline through the shooting parts (I sh!t myself multiple times).Yet in Last Light Redux, there was a significant amount of cutscenes, and NPC characters took up the majority of the playtime, I felt very limited as to what I could do being as I had to wait for the NPC's to move for my experience to continue. In Last Light, the NPC focused gameplay made me feel as if the game was forcefully sending me down the storyline, as compared to 2033 where the lack of NPC involvment created a sort of open world feeling.Its for these reasons I can not reccomend Last Light. (Though as you can tell, I'd highly reccommend 2033)Also, Sorry for any grammar/spelling mistakes I may have ignored, you see I'm a fat♥♥♥♥♥♥who doesnt like to re-read their♥♥♥♥♥♥so yeah."
,Recommended,287390,12113288,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ooooof,"Great Redux, its been done right, other Developers should take example of 4A."
,Recommended,287390,16447838,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Travis the Moonstar,It's a good 10 hours of gameplay if you take it at a normal pace.  The environments are good and there aren't really any moments of getting-through-this-crappy-level in the game.Don't pay full price for this though.  The gameplay wasn't outstanding so I think after one run I'm done.
76561198099764576,Recommended,287390,34792636,Posted: 7 September,all,T3Hler_VtN †,THE BEST FPS GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED SO FAR WITH AMAZING GRAPHIC AND STORYLINE
76561198082115352,Recommended,287390,13137832,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MarmaladeSource,So far this game has been one of my favourites this year!
76561198097117144,Recommended,287390,28568655,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tesla-gyertek BF1 zni,best fps game ever !
,Recommended,287390,28599273,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sugar,"Where can i start? this game has that metro feeling while it keeps good fps mechanics, its story is good but the original metro game is better but performance, graphics and spartan mode makes the redux version more enjoyable than metro 2033.I didnt player the orginal metro last light but if you buy this im sure you will love it."
,Recommended,287390,12427554,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,skateabuga,10/10
,Recommended,287390,30840103,Posted: 30 March,all,IBa4grama3,+still great as squeal+still lot place to seach stuff+can play without killing and  bandit one you can kill+stealth is learning curve you can keep trying+listen things get good karma kind odd+jawdrop see pretty place+help people still great+bad ending lot better tho main heroes die as heroes-impact good ending metro 2033 not carry on last light-i want third one:update there make new one!
,Recommended,287390,30348583,Posted: 5 March,all,@prime,Fantastic! Loved it!
,Recommended,287390,30495422,Posted: 13 March,all,JoelTheElephant,9/10 Spooky Spicy
76561198114125578,Recommended,287390,23319797,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RockyBalbroa,">>>>>>>>>Update: After I was told to verify the cache and tried it I haven't had a single crash! Thank you ""sirtanner"" for the quick fix.I̶ ̶l̶o̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶.̶.̶.̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶s̶a̶i̶d̶,̶ ̶a̶l̶m̶o̶s̶t̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶m̶ ̶c̶l̶o̶s̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶a̶ ̶c̶h̶e̶c̶k̶p̶o̶i̶n̶t̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶e̶s̶!̶!̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶g̶e̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶r̶o̶u̶g̶h̶ ̶a̶ ̶f̶e̶w̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶p̶t̶e̶r̶s̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶n̶o̶w̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶o̶n̶s̶t̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶f̶e̶a̶r̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶a̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶ ̶c̶o̶m̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶r̶o̶u̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶o̶r̶n̶e̶r̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶.̶ ̶J̶u̶s̶t̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶I̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶n̶k̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶b̶l̶e̶m̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶g̶o̶n̶e̶,̶ ̶C̶R̶A̶S̶H̶!̶ ̶W̶h̶a̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶s̶h̶i̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶I̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶e̶n̶j̶o̶y̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶.̶.̶.̶ ̶W̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶w̶o̶r̶k̶s̶.̶ ̶W̶h̶a̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶m̶o̶r̶e̶ ̶s̶h̶i̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶I̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶g̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶f̶i̶r̶s̶t̶ ̶n̶e̶g̶a̶t̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶r̶e̶v̶i̶e̶w̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶m̶a̶t̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶h̶o̶w̶ ̶g̶o̶o̶d̶ ̶a̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶r̶i̶g̶h̶t̶ ̶b̶e̶f̶o̶r̶e̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶c̶h̶e̶c̶k̶p̶o̶i̶n̶t̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶s̶t̶r̶a̶i̶g̶h̶t̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶c̶e̶r̶/̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶b̶r̶e̶a̶k̶i̶n̶g̶.̶ ̶N̶o̶ ̶w̶a̶r̶n̶i̶n̶g̶,̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶ ̶a̶ ̶b̶l̶a̶n̶k̶ ̶s̶c̶r̶e̶e̶n̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶i̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶o̶v̶e̶r̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶h̶o̶n̶e̶s̶t̶l̶y̶ ̶w̶i̶s̶h̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶g̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶a̶ ̶""̶M̶i̶x̶e̶d̶/̶N̶e̶u̶t̶r̶a̶l̶""̶ ̶r̶a̶t̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶I̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶m̶o̶m̶e̶n̶t̶s̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶w̶o̶r̶k̶s̶ ̶f̶i̶n̶e̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶b̶a̶d̶.̶.̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶r̶a̶n̶d̶o̶m̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶l̶t̶h̶o̶u̶g̶h̶ ̶i̶s̶.̶-Casey"
,Recommended,287390,16618737,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FireFly,9/10 Scary
,Recommended,287390,28102216,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Blackstar44,One of the best games I ever played. I willl remmber this game forever! :)
,Recommended,287390,16945916,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Breitbart,need more grass m8Can i habe another metro pls b0ss
,Recommended,287390,32340917,Posted: 11 June,all,Archon,"Nazis even in the Metro, man we humans will never find peace."
,Recommended,287390,23000651,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,APENOX | BUSY AS SHIT,GG EZ!
,Recommended,287390,11892673,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Sunnerino,"Was a pretty good game, I loved the Russian accents and the story was pretty good but that doesn't really matter.Because at the end, I ate cabbage."
,Recommended,287390,29699326,Posted: 4 February,all,MLG | Frostbite,J E S U S WHERE IS THE NEXT ONE GAME? IT'S FUN!
,Recommended,287390,23446835,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ReconSixth,I wouldn't believe my eyes on FPS counter. 100+ fps on very high settings. Enjoyed every minutes of it.
76561197971887513,Recommended,287390,34947214,Posted: 14 September,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/ASL9J0E76zg
,Recommended,287390,16545205,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sweets,Theres plenty of Lights
,Recommended,287390,28747628,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"The sequel to Metro 2033, comes back with more action and a continuation of the Story.Overall the game has the same mechanics as the previous one (In the case of the Redux versions).I liked this game, it's a first person shooter with a great atmospheric gameplay, if you liked Metro 2033, this one just let you keep playing."
76561197993763693,Recommended,287390,28338272,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"The best shooter I've ever played, period. And despite the post-apocalyptic atmosphere, graphically it's outstanding. Some content can be disturbing, especially within a historical context, but it is brief in each occurrence and is greatly overshadowed by the quality of gameplay."
,Recommended,287390,13363553,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,mavna,Best game on Linux!
,Not Recommended,287390,11978036,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Ew|mp3,"The Redux version of LL was a nice playthrough, however im not entierly sure it is worthy of the Redux name, or as a separate game even. The major gamebreaking bugs from the original Last Light are still there, where NPCs freeze, AI scripts dont get triggered and you get stuck. Crashes graphics card drivers due to memoryleaks. Lag builds up with time, FOV is limited to a headache causing 45 unless you manually change it in user.cfg. Aim assist cannot be disabled unless you set your graphics settings and FOV, and then disable it in the user.cfg and set it to read only.The list of gamebreaking issues is longer than what has been added/fixed in Last Light Redux ...Id say when it doesnt crash, freeze, AI scripts bug etc. Its a 10/10 experience. But A4 Games have managed to avoid fixing these thoroughly reported issues for years, which brings it to no more than a 4/10 overall rating from me. Gamebreaking bugs also completely breaks any immersion, which is a huge part of the Metro franchise."
,Recommended,287390,32401277,Posted: 13 June,all,CSGOatse.com | CSGObounty.com,"🅱roke Game , there is a glitch were the characters and some objects are invisible , only weapons appear floating which makes it unplayable af , i tried the common fix of changing ""R_api 2"" on .cfg file to ""R_api 0"" & it didn't work (the game crash at start up more like won't even start lole) . Edit : updated my nvidia geforce graphics driver & now it works just fine the glitch is gone & i can finally play , (metro ll redux machine fixed) xd."
,Recommended,287390,12213816,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TyeFang,Excellent Story and gameplay. Worthy of a 2nd play-through.
,Not Recommended,287390,12877571,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin's Review: Metro Last Light Redux. An Interesting Sequel But With More Than One Boob To Be Found.Genre: First Person Linear Shooter with Horror and Stealth Mechanics.Developed and Published by: 4A Games and Deep Silver.Platform: Windows, Mac, Linux and Consoles.Business Model: Base Game.Redux Edition purchased by myselfRead the full and unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeIf you’re wondering why I’m reviewing this game with a scant couple of hours on Steam's record, most of the playtime went into the original Metro: Last Light edition with over 12 hours worth of playtime sunk into it. As I feel the differences between the original and Redux are pretty negligible, I’m confident that my opinion fits for both editions. This was going to be a double review for both editions but the original edition of Last Light was pulled from Steam recently so I decided to combine it into one review.The Bugs and Stability SituationThe game comes off as an overpriced Game-of-the-Year edition with a patch to fix some, but not all, of the problems the original game had. Really, it’s kind of insulting how many bugs and glitches survived to this re-release of Last Light. For myself, I ran into a game-crashing bug during the walk with Khan in the level “Quarantine”. I was heading over to the gun merchant when the game suddenly freezes and crashes. There wasn't any indication of what caused it. The only way to get around it was to load the chapter itself, not the auto-save. There was also animation, texture oddities and mutant attack issues that you could notice from time to time. I would also notice characters speaking over each other. There are also numerous reports on the Steam forums of bugs and crashes so this is definitely a touchy game.PC Settings and OptimizationOptimization wise, the game is about the same as Metro 2033 Redux. Which isn't all that surprising considering they’re on the same engine. Its pretty good for me, but there are plenty of reports to the contrary. There is yet another graphics quality slider but thankfully we can change a few more settings such as V-sync, Tessellation, SSAA and Texture Filtering now. Field-of-view has to be changed in a user.cfg file. You can look up the instructions here onPCGamingWiki.It’s a few steps forward but more fine-tuned control would have been appreciated.The Stealth SystemThe stealth system. It basically boils down to: stay in the shadows, don’t run and use silenced weapons/takedowns. Unless you really screw up or get impatient, the AI will never pick up that you were/are there. Even if you are standing five inches away from their face. The stealth system is two-dimensional and about as deep as a puddle. It is slightly better balanced than the Redux edition of Metro 2033 but I think that’s because the entire game was made with this stealth system in mind rather than tacked on later.Combat SystemsCombat system isn’t quite as bad as Metro 2033 Redux’s but it isn’t that much better. A lot of enemies are bullet sponges and there are a lot of them. I don’t like the Ranger-setting restricting you to two weapons only but that’s a personal preference. Considering there are a lot of interesting weapons in the game, you really don’t get a lot of chance to hold and keep them as you’ll need silenced weapons on some levels and then fully-automatic weapons at other levels. Secondary weapons like knives are still handled poorly with the “press shift then move your mouse in the direction of the weapon you want” design. Far too many times, I would select what I thought were anti-personnel mines only to press the secondary weapon button and throw a knife. Cute. Keys 6-9 still exist Metro devs and they work wonders over your current implementation. Hitboxes still feel wonky but it’s hard to place why.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsThe journey itself through the Metro is still very immersive. The game is focused on presenting and enveloping you in the atmosphere of the Russian Metro in a post-apocalyptic future. Which, they pull of to a fantastic degree. I really have to give them kudos on this part because this was what kept me going through the game. Everything from wiping the swamp water or blood off your gas mask to the howling winds on the surface to the slowed progress you make through thick spiderwebs (that can be burned with your lighter). There’s a lot of world detail in this game and this part simply oozes polish. Even the recharging of certain weapons and your power for the flashlight and/or night vision, which would normally seem pointless otherwise, fits so well in this type of game. Credit given where it’s due, this game executes the world’s atmosphere excellently.Final ThoughtsBut, I can’t recommend Metro: Last Light Redux for new or returning players. Additionally, if you already have the original edition of Last Light, play it instead. Otherwise, you’re basically paying for an overpriced patch. To be frank, I feel cheated for having bought the Redux editions when compared to the original editions that I own. After all, it seems like they didn’t even take the time to make sure all of the bugs and glitches of the original were fixed. Worse still, is that the Mac and Linux versions haven’t been released yet. Granted, we’re still within the stated release date of “later this year” but we’re getting into November now. Time is running out. *Final Update* Both Linux and Mac versions were released earlier this year. Far behind schedule I think. I haven't heard anything about either versions.Read the full and unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeA Paladin's Steam Review: Metro 2033 Original EditionA Paladin's Steam Review: Metro 2033 Redux Edition"
,Recommended,287390,33271972,Posted: 5 July,all,Мисковски,"Story 10/10Last Light is not created from the original novel, but definitely worth giving it a shot.I cried the fxxk out of me for the endings.Graphic 10/10They did great job on this one.Sound 10/10OSTs are incredible, especially for the theme guitar solo.Action 9/10Generally awesome, but still few gliches remain.NPC 7/10PRO:Details about how they look or who they are respectfully followed corresponding culture from the original novel.Powerful assists.(DLC Tower Pack)CON:Insuficient model and voice actor made us a clone war 2034.DLCs 11/10First of all, they're now free in Redux version! Then, fabulous maps & stories would be charming for anyone completed the main storyline. KSHATRIYA is my favorite dlc,they brought Lenin Library level back on stage.Achievement 10/10Most of them can be achieved through storyline which made it more accessible for players to be willing to collect them.Unlike Metro:2033 Redux. Tedious killing & game reloading experience.Overall, it's a fantastic game. Don't hesitate to purchase. And also thanks to 4A, we got pleasure expecting Metro:Exodus in 2018."
,Not Recommended,287390,35508065,Posted: 5 October,all,Unclekulikov,"This game was a drag to beat. I didn't enjoy the survival mechanics and found the shooting, stealth and levels more of a chore than fun or tense."
,Recommended,287390,29694702,Posted: 4 February,all,✪HeSam_ShaDoW #acc for sell,very nice game/is awsome game :DGameplay 10/10graphics 10/10 :)story 10/10 :DDDDDDD
,Recommended,287390,11880490,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,(◡‿◡✿) Lynai,"*Will edit this after game completion**Highly suggest this one if you do not own Last Light. It comes with all the DLC's for the first version!*Update 8/30Slowly finding bugs. Not terribly significant.- Texture maps in Facility level bugging out- A model in Seperation started walking then his legs stopped in mid air as the top half of the model kept going. The legs were frozen in midair then reset itself. Couldn't get a snapshot of this because it went too fast (but it was funny as hell).I just finished the first Last Light when I learned Redux was about to come out two days after.  I instantly bought it hoping for additional content (beyond the DLC's).  So far I haven't seen much difference between the two games (not even a new menu format. Poo :c ).  The graphics are still the same (a bit brighter though). So far, no bugs (although it was difficult to get it to launch for a quick second), audio glitches or anything weird happening.  Only thing I wish could happen is to skip the intro sequence. It's too long for my taste. :["
,Not Recommended,287390,22391958,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,It's fine. But it has unskippable cutscenes and checkpoint saves. So I have to repeat entire chapters because I miss something and don't realise the chapter was ending.So choke on your negative ♥♥♥♥ing review.Developers don't have to ♥♥♥♥ up this badly.
76561198173366514,Recommended,287390,33185996,Posted: 3 July,all,deady,much wow
,Not Recommended,287390,20915465,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Fruit Loop Dingus Bustafooligan,very good game it crashes on load halfway through the story a true masterpiece
76561198069272957,Not Recommended,287390,14055260,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,The Fullmetal Mixer,Not the best deal but a better optimised version.
,Recommended,287390,32368422,Posted: 12 June,all,Swiftie#1 #waiting4newpc,The private dance is sooo much better than GTA!! tottaly worth the money!
76561198158872294,Recommended,287390,22780527,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,i wana FLYY,โคตรจะคุ้มมมมมมมมม
,Recommended,287390,30130901,Posted: 23 February,all,Fergus,i found the ♥♥♥♥ing most amazing bug ever
,Not Recommended,287390,16544194,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,32megabytes,Gameplay is decent but the ♥♥♥♥ing ending makes me want to swallow engine coolant and then shoot myself in the♥♥♥♥♥♥  Playing the hard♥♥♥♥♥campain and then viewing the ending will cause internal hemraging.
,Not Recommended,287390,29986259,Posted: 17 February,all,MatlertheGreat,FOV makes me nauseous.
,Recommended,287390,22949669,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,missharvey <intel>,"a lot less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t chapters than metro 2033 (im looking at you library, ooze, and spider parts)but far less of actually shooting things, they come in short burstsstill ok tho"
,Recommended,287390,25462950,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Labyrinth,Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing <3 gosh everything about it is amazing other than the spooky spider things xD
76561198089901837,Recommended,287390,23670338,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,H   U   H,"Its like the first game, but with more nazis."
,Not Recommended,287390,23325279,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"This game is really boring and doesn\'t make you play it day after day to complete it. Other than that it is actually pretty fun with cool characters, an interesting story, gorgeous graphics and nice \""horror\"" elements.Just... be ready to be bored."
,Recommended,287390,32358108,Posted: 11 June,all,OzzyMatt hellcase.com,Nice game with extreme graphics and nreat gameplay that you never gonna see in other games.
,Recommended,287390,16784074,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,cup,is VERY gud.
,Recommended,287390,26060969,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Radical Potbellyed Goblin Agenda,"Dude, Just buy it."
,Recommended,287390,22900172,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Feeliks,Grapics = 0.0 -1Storyline = 0.o -1Gameplay = :( -02/3 -but gameplay is more importantMy sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/
,Recommended,287390,16429880,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nipaa~,Naked women.
76561198059273842,Recommended,287390,30442463,Posted: 11 March,all,BurtTheButcher7,"I did not like this game at first, but after extended periods of time with the game it grew on me. It's, at the very least, on par with the first game if not better. The reason I say that is just because this redux is a little less stable than the first one (mostly pretaining to the level geometry splitting seams constantly), but dispite its slight technical issues, at least with my setup (AMD), it is a SOLID first person shooter that you should definetly own."
,Recommended,287390,21011152,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Don Berna,"Do you Like killing Nazis?No?Well do you like Killing Communists?No?Do you like killing any Animal that Comes into sight?No?Well♥♥♥♥♥♥Get the game anyway, Well worth the money"
76561198089197599,Recommended,287390,25435997,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,{CaTH0dE}_SiRiS,"My oh my, this game has finally done it. It has finally bridged the gap between the fun of dumb violence, and the challenge of stealth combined with the perfect amount of immersion. Metro: Last Light was one of the most fullfilling FPS games I have ever played. And I confess that I like it more than 2033, not to say 2033 is bad, but the techniques were not perfected yet and did leave something to be desired (So glad it was addressed in the redux). A problem I had with other FPS games such as ""call of duty"" are that the story is there, but is not very engaging and is overshadowed by the general gameplay. Not that it's a bad thing but it does get old after a while. Metro has combined the mechanics of that game with an intricate and interesting story. Seriously, if you didn't read the book yet, read it, you will get so much more out of the game that way. Perhaps one of the most enjoyable parts of the gameplay is the stealth element. Admittedly, it has it's implausible moments but for the most part, I felt like I could sneak past a whole army of people and not feel guilty for it. The descision to not have an experiance system in either game was a stroke of genious in my opinion, removing the sense of guilt that you missed all that XP. The redux has also brought so much more to the table, far above simply improving the graphics. This is the game that introduced me to the wonderful world of downloadable content and the DLC's in this game are an absolute must. Dmitry Glukhovsky (the author of the books series) is a visionary and his ideas have changed my perception on gaming entirely and I hope you will see it the same way once you play it."
,Recommended,287390,15605798,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,LIMP DICKZKIT,WARNING: BEFORE YOU GET METRO LAST LIGHT PLAY METRO 2033 SO YOU CAN UNDERSTAND THE STORY BETTER!!!+This game has a great port+This game has a great story+This game has really pretty graphics+ This game is better then Metro 2033- Waste of 5 more dollars the redux thing does nothing9/10 buy it
76561198352869191,Recommended,287390,34651086,Posted: 31 August,all,Avenger,great game i recommended to you for play.its nice
76561198011343840,Recommended,287390,13219414,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,benjamingalaxy,Just awesome. 10/10 - make another one and I'll buy it without hesitation.
76561198114924244,Recommended,287390,29012196,Posted: 4 January,all,Devil Wolfriel!,"One of the best games i playd, good weapons, good story, cool enemies, but when it comes to the bonus missions the game falls. There is one mission named Heavy squad were you need to defend a point but when the tank shows up later in the mission you will get one of the worst grenade launcher and the tank can shot right through the ♥♥♥♥ing wall and kill you. i dont know why the lazy asses who made the game haven't fixed it so go buy the game for the main story not the bonus missions they are just broken."
,Recommended,287390,25437406,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Rayoclay,"I encourage you to buy this game when it is on sale again, it is very thrilling and keeps you interested the entire time!"
76561198013064054,Recommended,287390,19488378,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Chap Chappington,"One of the greatest atmospheres in gaming history. Shame though we barely get to explore anything.Also replayability is lacking, good luck trying to replay the game in Ranger mode when you have to sit through at least 3 hours of exposition and walking around."
,Recommended,287390,29314672,Posted: 17 January,all,Fox,fps???!
,Recommended,287390,31478752,Posted: 30 April,all,Simple Pockhead,♥♥♥♥♥♥ic actions and graphics. Deep-throating the quality all day long XD
,Recommended,287390,30766691,Posted: 26 March,all,REXX,very very goodd goodd
76561198032219203,Recommended,287390,30763901,Posted: 26 March,all,JavaScript,Good game! 10/10.
,Recommended,287390,26083932,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,✪MLgépr0420666,good game if you like stealth
,Recommended,287390,16382611,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,bint0y,"This game.. Such a great game. Because of it's atmosphere and it sets the mood of the player. The game felt like it was injected into your bloodstream and you're there, taking it all in. Felt really immersive. I  recommened this game to everyone. A must play. I would play it again because of the rich story.10/10 must buy"
,Recommended,287390,16400026,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ace Rimmer,"Вторая Готика 3: спустя три года в неё таки можно играть.Молодцы, хорошо сделали.Из минусов:  nvidia 3d vision"
76561198101137476,Recommended,287390,16287475,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PlaughYa,"This is one of the best singleplayer games i have ever played, it was everything that Metro 2033 was and much more, gameplay  is far better by improwing some action elements, already great atmosphere is here even more improwed by better graphichs, sound and level design, story is engaging and interesting though the ending seemed a little bit rushed ( i have only seen the bad one).There are some smaller flaws, i have experienced a few smaller glitches and few bigger ones, also i think theat the human AI could have been a bit better, enemys get stuck sometimes and that can break the immersion.I totally recommend this game to anyone, enyojment is guaranteed."
76561198069741836,Recommended,287390,16320112,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Luffy,"An excellent FPS with decent graphics, top-notch story and satisfying gameplay. Both metro redux games are quality and worth the purchase."
,Recommended,287390,16342840,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tom delonge,"Improves upon the previous title and fixes the quirks and errors the first game made. The story this time around is much more engaging and will not lose your attention as much as 2033's story. This game is also more action oriented which I personally perfered better than how 2033 focused on being atmospheric and slowed the pace. This is paced well and like I said before won't loose your attention as much. The game is well written, has interesting characters and is a blast. The game let's you stealth if you chose or want to do so.This is a major improvement over the first game, and has made it's way into my favorites. I give this SWELL game, a 9.0 /10."
,Recommended,287390,16001510,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Fuck muslims,"This game is just amazing. If you haven't played any of the Metro games or are sceptic about this, don't be buy it! It has great gameplay elements, really good atmosphere and great gameplay variation. You are driven into a post-apocalyptic world with a fantastic story and especially graphics!"
,Recommended,287390,19389204,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pieter8485 TradeSkinsFast.com,Such a kick♥♥♥♥♥story it makes me ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,287390,26167705,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bjornburger,There is a game breaking bug that makes it impossible to progress past a certain level.From the looks of things this bug has been around for over a year and never been fixed.
,Recommended,287390,17610219,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MissingNoGuy55,"It's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good, I won't say it isn't because that wouldn't be true at all. Last Light is a good sequel to its predecessor. While not in novel form, this game was written by the author of the books themselves. Like a book, the game follows a set linear path in which you cannot change besides the ending. Last Light expands upon the gunplay of 2033 by adding various optics and other weapon modifications, plus a few new firearms to liven it up.My only issue with Last Light is I feel there are too many instances where control is taken away from the player for cinematic purposes. I also dislike the stinger sounds that play whenever something is about to happen or does. The atmosphere of 2033 was hardened by the fact that there was no actual stinger sounds to accompany events, nor did it take control from the player much. Immersing myself was a somewhat daunting task at times.Besides all those nitpicks, it is a very good game. I certainly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,287390,13518063,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,foxy,"Invincible Demon on the artifact retrival extra mission. Gr8 m8 I r8 8/8, IGN."
76561198279500660,Recommended,287390,23521370,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FACherry,"Pros:-incredibly beautiful-incredible atmosphere-great satisfying gunplay-unique and fun gameplay mechanics-perfect length (10 hour campaign)Cons:-nudity for the sake of nudity-more game-like the Metro 2033 (boss battles)-unclear mechanics-unclear ""moral choices""-mediocre story and character interactionsOverall: 8.5/10"
76561198261385167,Recommended,287390,24347956,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Agent Argent,"- be me- kill some russian guys while sneaking around their military base- go outside, put on oxygen mask- kill some weird animals- go home- play metro 2033 & Last Light10/10 would play againAnd now onto the review!Metro last light is everything the last game you'd hope to be. Better controls, better instructions, enemies are harder to kill, new guns, new characters, and of course--2 different endings. This game takes from metro 2034 (read that and 2033 if you haven't already) and describes the next part of the series. 4A games even plans to make a 3rd game, and I haven't slept since hearing that news.The metro games are probably the most immersive shooters I've ever played. If you took survival horror, added guns, and a post apocalyptic setting, and then russian dudes with great accents, you get this series. Aka, everything you will ever want. The story is good, the gameplay is difficult but rewarding, and the character development is awesome. Silent protagonist, although it doesn't serve a great purpose in the story. He just happens to not speak and it really adds to the story.So buy it! Take it for a spin (play 2033 first, damnit) and just have fun."
,Recommended,287390,20121291,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nexwaFF ☹,"♥♥♥♥♥, vodka, ebola, boobs, s-suka, Dark One, ""RAAT!!!"" that's all you need to know about this game."
,Recommended,287390,22929047,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,lars247,"ARTYOM ♥♥♥♥♥, rush Polis! Dawai dawai- Metro Story in a NutshellP.S: it also has guns, vodka(you can drink it), boobs, lapdance, SPIDERS, flamethrower and Metro"
76561198067740825,Recommended,287390,16662940,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,husky,"Iam writing this review based on Last light- So far theres no diffrence other then the added (DLC) devoloper pack,spider liar and so forth..... The only diffrences I noticed is now you can pick between Spartan/Survival and the added Safes scatterd across various stages, otherwise its Identical to Metro Last Light. I give it a 10 beacause well I love Metro games. If you dont own LL then get it, if you do theres little reason to get Redux version its basicly the same thing other then what I mentioned earlier in my review. Thanks for reading my review. Nz"
,Recommended,287390,19452344,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Deformed_$uicide,I love the metro game's and this is a must it feels right and every moment your in the game you feel like your staring in a movie i hope more metro games come out coz if they keep it going like this then im in
76561198055019382,Recommended,287390,24179592,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mmisbah00,one of My VIP list games
76561198138082110,Recommended,287390,17056616,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MAGA MILK,it has a tiddy.10/10
76561198081961309,Recommended,287390,24221917,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Pink,It's eh
76561198079747299,Recommended,287390,23855319,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sniper Salad,"This was one of the best stories I've ever experienced. The whole game was amazing, even tho that damn mutant bear killed me 39 time and I took a trainer just for that part... LOL. This game series has benn inspired by the Metro 2033 books which I recommend to everyone. Have fun"
76561197963625431,Recommended,287390,24065849,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xys,This game flashed me. You are set in a very good atmosphere directly from the start till the end. Can only recommend it.
,Recommended,287390,21739304,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Skalfing,"Sooo amazing! Can't wait to read the books, this universe is so damn badass, the immersion is incredible! Damn mutants tho!!"
76561198211733932,Recommended,287390,21741894,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Joules,"A solid sequel for a great game. Mechanics are the same as previous game, it is more of an expansion as nothing new comes from this game.I would still recommended it for Survival or FPS lovers.It felt a little short versus the first one but it has a nice ending that tie together all elements form the series."
,Recommended,287390,21743250,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mrtoby,"Really good survival/horror atomsphere in a solid FPS with an inexplicable, overdone, out-of-context sex scene thrown in the middle."
,Recommended,287390,21743648,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Elk.Hunt,Great game with your style of action and intense combat...
,Recommended,287390,21756988,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,V3NOM,"Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light: Two games that changed my life, for real.I will always return to this two master pieces of gaming.The Redux part: It's better percieved in 2033 but anyhow this two games are a must have if you like shooters and good remarkable story."
,Recommended,287390,21780140,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jul the Fool,"One of the most visually satisfying and realistically creative games I have ever had the pleasure of expirencing. I can't vouch for 2033, but with Last Light you have a guaranteee, an unforgettable expirence."
76561198063883197,Recommended,287390,21812575,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,crazymonkey1905,"The prequel was great, but this game is FANTASTIC.You have choices, awesome side quests, you can shoot not only communists, but also NAZIS. The atmosphere is even better as in the first game and the amount of vodkae which is consumed in post-apocalyptic Moscow is enough to supply whole continents.The fighting is cool and the stealth sequences are even cooler.You can enjoy being a great hero or some kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but it's great. This whole game is worth every cent I paid for it.BUY THIS GREAT GAME."
76561198073447911,Recommended,287390,21812834,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr. Fousing,The Metro game series is so AMAZING
76561197978422385,Recommended,287390,21825071,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,.dru,"A good shooter, keeps you 10 hours busy. I was a bit disappointed because I thought for some reason, that there would be some RPG elements in this game, but there are not. It's a very linear shooter with a really great atmosphere.For the short 10 hours gameplay I would recommend it to buy when it's on sale."
,Recommended,287390,24545965,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,silverx,Great Game
,Recommended,287390,29249064,Posted: 14 January,all,unnamed,best game in 2034
76561198112100079,Recommended,287390,29251609,Posted: 14 January,all,ambion,Great games. Also there are unexpected b0obs
,Recommended,287390,29257575,Posted: 14 January,all,SpoKy,"Awesome game with spectacular graphics, great story and gameplay. 10/10"
76561198033514079,Recommended,287390,29252713,Posted: 14 January,all,BurnWoodLee,"Great game, perfect atmosphere, good or even better than first one!Recommended!"
,Recommended,287390,29257782,Posted: 14 January,all,csoffer.me,Kinda like STALKER....but it isn't a STALKER....so it's not like it....um....♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,29240598,Posted: 13 January,all,ghostrilley,"if you like post-apocalytic games with mutated animals and human you will like this gamenot enough vodka and sassy women,blyakh 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,29229629,Posted: 13 January,all,RPGNutt,8.5/10
76561198067397190,Recommended,287390,13334283,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Eap123,"This game constantly crashes my drivers. The devs won't update.Edited- A year after this review, they fixed most of the problems, so you can buy it now."
76561198121813950,Recommended,287390,25547510,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Noob's R Us™,"A brilliant game, the story carries on perfectly from the previous game, a must have for semi-horror FPS shooter fans."
76561198083516098,Recommended,287390,31260153,Posted: 20 April,all,Sombra Negra™@Saksa.No1,I just enjoy playing this game!!GG WP!!!
,Recommended,287390,27365541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Teps,Great game.
,Not Recommended,287390,28071531,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Xtain,"L I T E R A L LY  U N P L A Y A B L Ekeeps crashing at certain parts of the mission. I'm at a stage where it's impossible to advance because it keeps crashing at a specific point during the mission, over and over again. Unfiortunately it seems that no fix has been released for the frequent crashing despire YEARS of its prevalence. Unless this persisting issue is fixed I can only reccomend this game if you'd like buying dissapointment - and even then the weeaboo hentai games probably offer more bang for your buck"
76561197972335884,Recommended,287390,26421744,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,drethnudrib,"This is very game! Great affair, much success! 10/10 best unlikely escape from captivity simulator ever!"
,Recommended,287390,26123428,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FACEIT,This Game is Still one of the best games you can buy right now.
76561198250197092,Recommended,287390,26444159,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ravencult,"Spider,web,armored soldiers,railways,swamp and fear.Nice Game <3<3<3"
76561197984252749,Not Recommended,287390,30032501,Posted: 19 February,all,Noob,"I am using Alienware 15 with 970m. This game keeps crashing every 5-10 minutes. 2033 Redux was fine though. I ran in Safe Mode, re-installed, updated driver, etc. Still keep on crashing.Buy at your own risk!"
,Not Recommended,287390,28088714,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nicolas.dionbouchard,"The graphics are nice, the story and background is great. I had so many glitches while playing that I'm getting bored, really. Plus I'm having a hard time with the pacing of the game. Sometimes it's action-packed and some other times, you just wait patiently for the animation or conversation to finish. Well, sorry to say that but I'm really not into that game. A refund would have been nice! Good effort though."
,Recommended,287390,23857325,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Minimal,Wonderful graphics but the story line took a weird path at the end. Eh. Game is way too linear with two endings. k.
,Not Recommended,287390,27560704,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,leetNightshade,"On Linux this game has terrible AA, if not lacking it completely. The original Metro Last Light looks much better by comparison.Both Redux games have constant computer wide locking up issues on Linux. There are forum posts with the same issue dating back to 2014 that have never been fixed. I would suggest you avoid buying these games for that reason. The original Metro Last Light does not experience this crash.Running on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, i7-920, 8GB RAM, HD 7950 2GB VRAM."
76561198158760955,Recommended,287390,27480008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark Messiah SuperiorServers.co,Artyommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
76561198145510281,Recommended,287390,26082229,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheClumsyChicken™,10/10 Did not expect Nazis
76561198026418303,Recommended,287390,13407547,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dsmokey,"Fun game, my PC is not a beast so i dont see much diffirance between this and normal metro. The ammount of H played represents how long it takes to complete (which is probably about 12h main story game play) The perk of buing this version is it includes all DLC and its the reason why i got it. But then those DLC's didnt seem as fun to me as the game, you are very limited to what you do and the free choice of action is sort of taken away. 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,28621025,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"Sana, I love you","Игра просто супер-класс. Просто невероятный стелс, сзади тебя какие-то зеленые грибы (на которых Давид видимо всю жизнь живет) тебя подсвечивают в спину, но это не важно, если лампочка не горит ты абсолютно недосягаем для глаз врага. А чего стоят перемещения мутантов. Эх, щас бы развернуться на 360 и телепортироваться за долю секунды. Спасибо за лучшие 20 часов в моей жизни. Лайк только потому что потратил примерно 80 патронов на личный стриптиз."
,Recommended,287390,29143398,Posted: 9 January,all,Reach McReach,A well crafted sequel to a beautiful game. Keeps all that we loved about the last game and adds its own creative touches
,Recommended,287390,20839263,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nipps ☭,"A bloody great game, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,287390,25104199,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Thomp,"This game takes you though a vast, scary, and compelling story. It keeps you interested. It's worth the $20. You play as Artyom, a soldier of the Polis Rangers. Your goal thoughout the story is to find a creature called a ""Dark one"" which is the last of its kind because you kill them all. The characters are very open and have great personalities. The game will make you want to finish it, and it will make you sad that you did because you'll wish it would go on for longer.9/10Great CharactersGreat StoryGameplay is funIt's a very original idea and is very creative."
,Recommended,287390,19058106,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Touch the red flame,#storylineamazing #nazi #german #russian #englishlanguage #fullgraphic #metro
76561197962328027,Recommended,287390,19286607,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Czcon1,"It does look better than the original, I bought it on sale. Was worth it."
,Recommended,287390,19294593,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,qwayzay,i absolutely 100% can solidly recommend this game. the stealth tactics along with the immersive story and the gameplay craft one of the best games i have ever played.
76561198276930969,Recommended,287390,30785709,Posted: 27 March,all,Doug Dimmadome,"Went to Venice, discovered that their are strip clubs. Gets lap dance, halfway through nude lap dance mom walks in room.10/10 would get grounded again"
,Recommended,287390,22933765,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,JamalMixon,What you will say when you see anything is this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFEoMO0pc7k
76561198082546443,Recommended,287390,18143964,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,☠Beta.Killer☠,Best story game EVER!I loved the game.
,Recommended,287390,15640504,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kagasari オタク,"emotional and stunning storymany different weaponsan apocalyptic world feeling like it should - wasted, hopeless, dangerousgood graphics, nice sound and musicfun gameplay, good mix of action and stealth"
,Recommended,287390,32838253,Posted: 26 June,all,Nicolás Maduro,"Quality shooter, this review applies to the predecessor too because they're both very similar.  If you like one you'll love the other.  The story is 'ok', it's nothing special, but the atmosphere of the game is what really elevates.  It looks and runs gorgeously, the UI and HUD is minimalistic and the emphasis is on pulling you into the world of Metro 2033 with great sound effects and world building.It's a little linear, some gameplay elements are unbalanced (stealth and throwing knives are overpowered as ♥♥♥♥), and the story is a little goofy (some characters behave really, really stupidly and make choices that make no sense for the sake of plot device), but it's still a good time."
76561198086571908,Recommended,287390,16614355,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,xico,cool boobs10/10
,Recommended,287390,17551614,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Oak,Still cant get over the fact that vitaly and eugene are dead now
76561198092633935,Recommended,287390,16587010,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,the magic pimp gamer,i love this game it was so fun
76561198083073658,Recommended,287390,18706197,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,brutebane554,"This game... is one of the best i have ever played. It combines good gameplay decent graphics for its time and a amazing  story, i would tell everyone and anyone to play this game and of course the first game as well. Also for all the people saying that the game crashes or lags or something like that, it is most likely i problem with your computer because i have played through it twice now and the only thing i have ever encountered is a couple seconds were it froze well the game loaded."
,Recommended,287390,18551363,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RhinoBred,"Now,I am not a big fan of survival horror,but I definitely recommend this game.I just played for 30 minutes,and I am already at the edge of my seat.The darkness of the metro makes you paranoid of what is about to happen next.The creepy atmosphere is like a horror game,but at the same time,you are reassured by the fact that there are still people around you. Graphics are great,and runs at 30fps on my potato Macbook Air.At the same time,the conversations with the refugees are extremely sad.You see people begging you to release them,parents reassuring children and them crying themselves.Its extremely dramatic.But if you cry easily,you can skip these parts by running past them.Anyhow,this game is great and is very detailed.If you are reading this during the 75% discount,I definitely urge you to get this game.You will not regret it."
,Recommended,287390,25437790,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Clitus 64,Ruski shooter ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,19973485,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Crassus,"Quick review of Metro: Last Light Redux!The game so far (I'm currently collecting fuel outside for something) is absolutely brilliant. The first game was (at least to me) very boring and slow (performance wise). This Metro, however, is extremely well optimised!My system (I switched between i7 950 and Intel Core 2 Quad Q6600 for benchmark purposes):Intel Core i7 950 @ 3.06GHz8GB Team Elite RAMGigaByte Nvidia GeForce GTX 460 1GB (Slightly overclocked)With the i7 950 I got 60fps with v-sync inside at all times. Outside, it dropped to around 56fps which is still playable.With the Q6600 I got 60fps inside with v-sync during most of the time inside. Outside it drops to around 45 - 55 frames on the same settings which is again, still very playable.The previous game was horrific on both processors to be honest. I know the graphics card isn't the best but it still held up well on both games.Rating: 8/10I give it an 8 because there are some pretty questionable things that happen like with the voice acting when it overlaps a little. Graphics, even by today's standards, are incredible. Brilliant game and would recommend to anyone looking for a very good campaign with likeable characters and a good story."
76561198061536200,Recommended,287390,19981291,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jojoman-DINGO,Buy now ez steam sale
,Recommended,287390,19868043,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sir Loin | Tipofthehats.org,"It says it's made for Macs, but it's really not. I was looking forward to playing this but it's virtually unplayable and there seems to be no support for Mac coming any time soon."
76561198198095306,Recommended,287390,20195934,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,6 MILLION MACARONS,"Not for the arachnophobic or people who don't like cringy-ugly looking creatures. Trust me. But otherwise, this game is great. The main difference from Metro 2033 (Redux) is that most fighting's gonna be against humans, not creatures, luckily."
,Recommended,287390,29620572,Posted: 31 January,all,Reefa,"Haven't played a story game in a while but this was so worth it. Great sound track, visuals, and story."
,Recommended,287390,26040128,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Colourful Mostest Alfaspaghetti,"I have Blits through the main story and i can say without a dought this has been one of the best games i have ever played from the amazing story, to the gun play, to the local and the character. It all comes toghther to be an incredible game one of whihc i will contuine to play again and agian just because of how amazing it was. 10/10 would recommend :D"
,Recommended,287390,28989472,Posted: 3 January,all,大魔王Coder4,.
,Recommended,287390,25161161,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Red <3 [Yolo],4 words. Best Game Ever Played.
,Recommended,287390,25163764,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,slenderm8,COOL GAME
,Recommended,287390,25165376,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Altona Falcon,"You're only playing Metro if you're sneaking around.""Hm? Was it...""10/10 would punch a bandit with the knife again. Not exactly a proper way to use a knife, but Artyom made it look cool. Also the sound effect is satisfying."
,Recommended,287390,19997058,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,stofam,"Not much to say. The game is amazing. Everrything about it, the graphic, story, sense of immersion and characters pull you into it and then, once you finish it, the game spits you out tired, but filled with an incredible experience. I rate 9.5/10"
,Recommended,287390,19747695,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Ivan The Judge,Excellent game.
76561198009427530,Recommended,287390,30154095,Posted: 24 February,all,jony_silvas [PT],"good graphics, altough the game repeats the same enviroments over and over, specially if you played both Metro games"
,Recommended,287390,26895730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ale16horizon,"Best story and atmosphere, this game is just perfect"
76561198112577792,Recommended,287390,23678405,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ZACHLION10,"Great game and awesome graphics, make sure you like stealth games (I don't but I still liked this one) played the first one on Xbox 360 I got with Games with Gold, A must buy for the PC's superior graphics and the awesome gameplay."
76561197963750612,Recommended,287390,23709473,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Boat Kettle Cheese and Basil.,"Metro is an old atmaspheric classic that got developed along side 3d vision and new 120hz monitors, it follows the horrowing tales of Demetri Glukovski's post apocalyptic highly acklaimed set of fictional books which are about inhabitants and suvivors living underground resisting prominant and increasingly threatening dark beings. The details in the game reflect the books well with the mysteriouness of the Dark ones and also the segregated metro system shown clear right from the start. Its easier than the original and more guided by story line events which essentially details what happened in the first game and explaines why you are a big jerk..eh. Its still used quite extensively in preformance based benchmarks because its highly demanding graphics still rival most modern released games, when metro was originally released it knocked the mighty Crysis off the best looking/most demanding podium. It comes with a stand alone benchmark which the shortly after released DLC utilised in a sniper training based mission. There are various monsters in the metro some of them are insects, some are mutations and some are men which bare supremist xtremely hostilic ideologies. Along the metro there are many twists and turns and dark shadows to hide in, but be cautious because you are not the only one learking in them.9/10 would kill Dark ones again..."
76561198041573860,Recommended,287390,23717783,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Airsofting Gamer,"As with Metro 2033, Metro Last Light Redux is a very enjoyable game that continues the story of Artyom. The visuals are very nice and complement the story very nicely. The weapons are the same ones you loved from Metro 2033. If you enjoyed Metro 2033, you will enjoy Metro Last LIght Redux."
76561198234052924,Recommended,287390,23753237,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Niceone ✌,"Fun  game  espesiali  afther  the  make  all  dlc  free  ,  good  story  ,  lot  of  actsion  ,   only  thing  I  dount  like  is  that  there  is  no  free  rome  afther  the  campain  is  over  ,reccoment  it  do  all  who  likes  world  ending  kind  of  gams"
,Recommended,287390,23682249,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Purple Turtle,"What's good?Movement is smooth, you won't very easily get caught on corners.Controls are intutive for switching weapons and turning on/off various items you own.Varied gameplay, you're not stuck in one place for too long. You'll see a mixture of the tunnels, the surface and even experience weather effects.What's bad?Inconsistent tutorial system, some things are referred to over and over again, but switching grenade requires you to hold the Y button which shows up in neither game.Artyom (Protagonist) has a terrible method of speech. The only time you'll ever hear him speak is between levels, however during gameplay, people talk to him as if he's told them his entire life story. Everyone knows his name despite never being told. While this might be for immersion, it seems to take it away for me.Overall, the game is good and is definitely worth playing though I probably won't be playing again unless a sequel is released. The game is less atmospheric than Metro 2033 and easier (this could be good or bad) while less of the gameplay is about surviving mutant attacks and more fighting your way through.One thing I really miss from Metro 2033 was the feeling I got while alone and someone would shout ""Artyom? Is that you"" to give me a sense of safety."
,Recommended,287390,23697029,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MoldyCarrot,"The game was great, awesome storyline and gameplay!This isn't going to give away the ending, but if you want to play the game without a single hint about any of the storyline, dont read on...2 endings: Good ending and better ending, in my opinion. And that better ending is very difficult to achieve. I knocked out or suck past any enemy that I could in order to avoid killing them (there were times when I didn't know how to achieve this and lit those guys up), every decision I made, when given the option, was more ""morally correct"", and I helped whoever I could. Still got the ""good"" ending and not the better one."
76561198163050341,Recommended,287390,24697605,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Predox,Metro last light AMAZEING AND FUN / Metro 2033... not worth it. yes its the 1st game but i disliked it so much compaired to this game if you want pro's and cons of this game check out other Reviews.But im here to say that the story is a really good tale and the Ending WOW - CLAPS - tears to my eyes 10/10 game would play this game again. You know what. i might.
76561198088300778,Not Recommended,287390,20497092,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Buzo Wolfe,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! MANY USERS HAVE ISSUES THAT THE GAMEDOES NOT RUN AND SUPPORT IS NON-EXISTANT!
,Recommended,287390,16501493,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bend the knee usurper.,I Literally Cried When My Good Metro Friend Died ;(
,Recommended,287390,22096022,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Satanic Mermaid,It's like roulette; fun until it turns to Russian.Best program for learning Russian accent.It's really awesome and i recommend it 10/10
76561198151077369,Recommended,287390,23151854,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Cheeki Beeki,More Russians than CS:GOPros:-Vodka-Naked ladiesCons:-Spiders. Lots of big scary spiders
,Recommended,287390,32660343,Posted: 22 June,all,Live4Fun7369,☻
,Recommended,287390,31253005,Posted: 20 April,all,KING OF THE SKULLS,"*This Review is About 2033 and Last Light**First Of All Don't Look At My Play Time,I Finished This Game 3 Times On The Original DVD But This Review is About Redux and The Original One(Almost Same) And i Usually Play It When I'm Offline.*I Am A Perfectionist So When I Play Games I Look At All Of The Details Of The Game And These Are All I Can Say About This Game ......- 1 - Atmosphere Of The Game : From My Point Of View,It's One Of The Best Things in This Series,It Makes You Feel That You Are In Metro,You Are Doing All Of Those Stuff And It's So Real.- 2 - Dialogs : Most Of The Dialogs Are Coming From The Best Selling Book Of Metro With A Little Bit Change And All i Can Say Is That They Are Awesome And It Helps To Improve The Atmosphere That The Game Has.- 3 - Graphics : The Graphics of The Original Version Are Fine, You Can't Say They Are Bad And For That Year it Was Perfect.In The Redux Version For Sure There Are Some Graphic and Texture Improvements And They Seem Really Good To Me.- 4 - Realistic : This Game Is So Realistic That You Always Need To Search For Ammo , Gas Filters Or Wiping Out Your Gas Mask And Changing Filters Like It's Reality And Your Own Life.- 5 - Story : I've Played So Many Single Player Games In Different Genres But Metro's Story Is One Of My Favorites.You Drown Into The Story Of This Game And It's Flawless.- 6 - Soundtracks And In-Game Sound Effects : Alexey Omelchuck ( The Instrumentalist ) Did A Great Job For Soundtracks,With His Music, He Added A Great Atmosphere To The Game And You Can Exactly Feel The Desperation Of Metro And That Small Hope For A Better World In His Songs.In-Game Sound Effects Are So Accurate And Makes Metro More Real.I Played This Series With 3 Different Computers And Never Crashed Or Never Had Any Bug.So The Game Runs Fine If There is Any Problem You Should Check Compatibility Settings.*****I Hope My Review Helped You*****<><><><><><><><>Dear Developers,Give Us A New MetroooooooooooooooO<><><><><><><>"
76561198091949345,Recommended,287390,23156290,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,Nice shooter with a good story...It's no Resident Evil or Bioshock but it's worth its price.P.s.: I did copy and paste my review from Metro 2033 to here.
76561197999819604,Recommended,287390,24622480,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DIBBLE MUNT,"Russians, many of them"
76561197980241343,Recommended,287390,18900924,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,287390,23652139,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,๖ۣۜZaki☄,"I have completed the game within 9.7 hours, below are my personal reviews on the game.-Storyline is somewhat interesting, however it would have been nice if you get to choose sides mid-game.-Gameplay is very nice, you have the element of stealth combined with FPS mechanics.-Randomness, metro offers a number of humorous scenes, despite it containg gore and being slightly dark. You have the ""dark child"", who does throw some passive aggressive lines towards your character, hinting at you each time on how you've killed his kind and that he is now all alone.-Weapon upgrades, you can add misc to your weapons making them better than ever. (Pistols=Mini snipers).Since Bethesda Softworks were involved in the making of this game you do get a fallout feel while playing the game. The game however was easy to complete in a decently shorter time as compared to Fallout and does not offer you a free world to play with after completion of the game. (-2 points here)Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,24101175,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,K-Deezy,"It's really ♥♥♥♥ing good. Good gunplay, good story, good length, good enemies, good atmosphere, good graphics, good performance, good music selection, and all for an affordable 20 dollars. A must buy."
,Recommended,287390,25132003,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,A Crazed Gunman,gun porn 2: uboinik boogaloo
,Recommended,287390,31271584,Posted: 21 April,all,Zetarak,Metro last light Redux here are some pros and conspros.-amazing story-good to run-dosent need online-variety of weapons and attachments-good currency system-really good twistscons-objective not clear sometimes-this game dosent have onlineThis game is great i love it every penny spent was worth it 9.5/10
,Recommended,287390,18460346,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Corporal,Good
76561198009979779,Recommended,287390,17734033,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,AmpleNickel4262,"One of the best FPS campaigns ever in my opinion. The story has your heart pumping and you on the edge of your seat at times. Chilling out and letting you soak in the world slowly at others. It makes a statement on human nature while offering you two endings based upon moral decisions in the game. Which for the most part are just sticking around to listen to a 3 minute conversation (worth it) or not shooting a passing herd etc. The different factions presented avoid cliches and stereotypes and are believeable. There's a decent amount of political infighting as the factions vie for control of the remaining limited resources of the Metro. It has an acceptable amount of exploring, a minor looting system and really interesting/unique mechanics like gas masks/air management and the way you can use ""OP"" bullets in a tough fight or as the currency of the metro to buy and upgrade weapons. Balancing ease of combat for customization and getting the job done more efficiently with a better weapon. There's that too. A few attachments to customize your weapons with, fine tuning your playstyle while trying to balance what weapon is most effective at the time. Of which the weapon designs are absolutely amazing. Totally unique and really have a hand crafted, built with what was lying around, as expected, feel to them. On tougher difficultiies (especially if playing survival 2033 mode and RANGER mode) you WILL runn out of ammo, probably suffocate from not balancing time left on your ask mask with exploring enough to find more air filters to extend air supply. The game's mechanics just weave themselves together and really make for a unique feeling FPS story based game. Last Light just redefines the word ""immersion"" in a video game for me. The way blood, mud and water fog up your gas mask and you wipe it away. The realistic feel to the weapons and combat in general. The dialogue in the ""pit stops"" as I like to call them, when you exit combat and enter the stations. It really paints a picture of these people just barely scraping by. It has some of the BEST graphics you'll find in any game. And while there weren't as many impovements to be made in Last Light as 2033 the additions (global illumination for instance) do make it that much better. Performance is above average and pretty good for the most part. I can get a stable 60 fps except outside extreme combat (with a 8-12 NPC's) or set pieces maxed out, 1080p with 2x SSAA on dual Crossfire R9 290, i7 4770k, 16 GB of RAM WITH Advanced Phys-X on too. Which is pretty much the best Phys-X implementation outside of Batman series in my opinion. The fog sitting in the metro parting as you walk through it makes you feel like Jesus. Or any god of your choice really. The chunks of concrete flinging off walls when you try to kill a wall. Overall, you can get in a more in depth review elsewhere but coming from someeone who is a pretty tough customer for most games I'd have to say this is one of my favorite shooters ever. I'd recommend playing 2033 first. Specifically the even more well done Redux version of that. I actually enjoy 2033 more than Last Light. Even though I play Last Light first. But that's not ragging on Last Light much. There's really not TOO much to honestly complain about here. Few bugs, good performance, great story, brilliant shooting, immersive, hand crafted world, acceptable replayability (see how you can approach situations differently, the 2 different endings, extra DLC missions as different characters (!) included in Redux) and just all around worth about $35-40 in my opinion for fans of post apoloclyptic settings and story driven shooters in general. BUY IT NOW and support 4a Games. One of the better developers out there integrity wise."
,Recommended,287390,12793337,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ken Pallav,"Very nice game, Difference between normal and Redux can be seen with a eye. It takes time in 2034 at  post-apocalyptic  Moscow, Russia. When in 2033 was winter season, this time its spring season, snow is melting. New enemies, new weapons, alot of swamps are around, and even a bear. You can wipe your mask! There are good and bad ending, perfect well- driven storyline (creepy, but sometimes even made me sad). Discover Moscow metro terminals and city yourself, collect all Artyom diaries to understand past story even more, and there are also keys to open vaults. Redux also gives all optional DLC s for free, play as other characters (Anna, Pavel or even Reds sniper, and even alot of more)(Press Q at chapters list), what more you need?I allways have been huge fan of Metro series, and i really enjoyed it. I Didnt had any crash or any issues, i ran it on max settings, dont know why others have.I Recommend you using Russian language in game itself, with English subtitles, brings real Russian feeling. I have played all Metro series that way.There are few new achievements, and some achievements removed.You must play Metro 2033 or 2033 Redux before playing this game, or you will not understand anything whats going on!"
76561198092106437,Recommended,287390,34163845,Posted: 11 August,all,kaos,great game
,Recommended,287390,21149869,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,☆CallMeMaybe☆,"""Yo mo yo ♥♥♥♥♥ Suka Blin Mukha""Wise words from russkie commie PavelTotally worth it to play"
,Recommended,287390,24757141,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Can Sir,Air Filter Simulator
,Recommended,287390,24783898,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ankitbhatia95,Really fun and involving game. Too short. Come from COD background so Spartan gameplay was on point. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,287390,13527054,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,White Hammer,best game ever!
76561198166627879,Recommended,287390,26717233,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KeしvïЙ Lov3 YEE,"game cleared, the main actor sacrificed himself with those enemies then saved the metro and dark ones, btw nice game, so impressed. u guys should ply this game"
,Recommended,287390,32850998,Posted: 27 June,all,meneeryolo,One of the best game i have played so far
76561198006428064,Not Recommended,287390,24321556,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,de_White Wolf,very good game BUT theres still numerous issues with the game and no updates to fix this. I will update my critic if you update your game
,Recommended,287390,27883731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,☢ MT ☢,"if you don´t own Metro, you aren´t the real Slav."
76561198159719601,Recommended,287390,29826024,Posted: 10 February,all,Xenogenesis[TH],I want to read metro 2034 and 2035 in thai language
76561198094098193,Recommended,287390,32494843,Posted: 16 June,all,Mizusaki Hikari,Old game from PS3
76561198244667374,Recommended,287390,29804504,Posted: 9 February,all,MR_toast(88),in my opinion one of the best single player fps evar created. the atmhosspehere is one off the best ive seen the story is good and the combat is chalanging definattly worth a pick up
,Recommended,287390,19371226,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Frezza,I remmocends this game good yoi mans should test and there is sale on this so it cheap now only 5eruo.Content wice is not big and story short but guud and is immersive. There are is im played almost full story for sure.The metro scaryies me. I cry small amount little. Toching moment the main charakter like ice crem and not get ice ceream because toxik and apokalyps so there are no ice cream. The graphic look goods. I remoccends this are game and for sure bestest singel player ga me for 5hours. Sandwiches also.There are is mens yoi want see out for. They do bad yoi to. :) dont scare just game a good gaem.
,Recommended,287390,17354667,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,฿Ɇ₳₴₮ ♔,"This game is amazing in ever way, They have done a great job remastering both of these titles.Pro's-Incredibly atmospheric-Great storyline-Some of best gameplay mechanics-Stunning visuals (If you're PC isn't a Potato)Con's- They isn't anyOne of the best Horror games I've played  10/10I got this on sale its a steal at £6.79 for the bundle"
,Recommended,287390,33935472,Posted: 31 July,all,Asuna,♥♥♥♥ing love it
76561198034853609,Recommended,287390,29769514,Posted: 7 February,all,Bobymad,"Great story,great characters,great atmosphere! Overall a must have game! Also read the books!"
76561197988423759,Recommended,287390,29837383,Posted: 10 February,all,Replicant,I really enjoyed this game even though it is A somewhat linear experience.  I really enjoyed being surrounded by enemies and trying to be stealthy.  I think this game has A very nice atmosphere and I would definately reccomend it.
,Recommended,287390,17627864,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sputnik,repetetive combat very soon into game but its ok
76561198060694214,Recommended,287390,27464608,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Metal Undivided,"A brilliant game. Probably one of the best single-player games I've played to this day.Everything listed below applies to both Last Light Redux as well as 2033 Redux. I highly recommend playing 2033 Redux first, as it gives a much better idea and understanding of the game world as well as storyline. Pick them in a bundle and enjoy a very good 20-30 hours long drive.It has so many things done so amazingly that pretty much every player may like this game for at least something.What are those things?-Diversity. You can choose whatever playstyle you enjoy and go through the entire game with it. Sneaky or noisy, merciful or cruel, good or bad. Lots of weapons and upgrades as well difficulty options to choose from may create experience ranging from arcade Call Of Duty-like game to a patient and hardcore survival where every bullet counts.-Setting. It's post-apocalyptic Moscow, where various underground structures are the only place where man can still survive. It has lots of various paranormal and mystical phenomenons, mutants, and, of course, the most dangerous enemy - humans. The universe is relatively unpopular and doesn't suffer from what plagues big universes, such as myriads of plot holes, gaps and inconsistencies.-Storyline. Both games have an incredible almost forgotten feeling to them - a feeling of an adventure. You know, those times when you just rewind the entire game and recall what happened and how it all started. All those locations, experiences and different environments and how far they were from each other, it all gives a pleasant sensation of some kind of accomplishment.-Atmosphere. Created by various instruments such as music, sounds, flashbacks and colour schemes it creates a very strong feeling of death, decay and survival.-Philosophical undertone. A great showcase of how destructive the human nature is, as well as a marvelous reminder of how fragile and beautiful the world we live in is, and how improtant it is to preserve and appreciate it.I highly suggest anyone playing this game. I know not everyone may fully appreciate it, but for those who will the game will become at least a very memorable piece."
,Recommended,287390,12910009,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Strachwitz,"The adrenaline rush you get when you realise you have no ammo for the next boss, your gasmask is cracked and seaping poisonous air into your lungs and you have no health packs or filters left... There is no other choice but to man up and fight the boss thrice your size with throwing knives and courage. This is Metro.Metro: Last Light is a very immersive, superb linear first-person shooter that has good stealth elements mixed in the sauce. The AI is pretty stupid though, and even one step you take without crouching makes them question the sound even though they have a dozen friends running around already. Another thing that really annoys me is changing between your throwable weapons, you have to move your mouse while in-game in a very idiotic way that I really cannot even describe.The Redux version of Last Light does not differ from the original at all, if you don't count some fixed lighting. The graphics are fantastic. Play in Hardcore Ranger-mode for a good time! 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,23638442,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,meme,"I only have 5hour's on the game bacuse i compleated it in that time.Review, This is the best single player game i have EVER played and i amd so ♥♥♥♥ing mad that no metro games have been made or will be made if you understand that a game is about story and the insides you WILL love this game it will make you mad will make you cry and wanting more with every second you will like this game if you understand that buggs dont make a game bad unless unrelenting and this game has bugs like all games but they wont impact gameplay at all sometimes you're gun likks like a gray blob just press pause and config and then Esc out and FIXED no cmd needed but please buy this game you WILL NOR REGRET IT."
76561197996031175,Not Recommended,287390,20462697,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Team Vladof,"EDIT: I've changed my review to a ""do not recommend"", because there's a game-breaking bug on a boss fight where the boss is simply unresponsive and no work-around. Doing some research, this has been an issue since the first version of Metro: Last Light, and since it's still in the redux version that means it's just ... well, it shouldn't have a game-breaking bug in it. As such, I can't recommend the game.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Pros:+ Russian-style post-apoc+ Great story+ Choose your Play-style (stealth, run-n-gun, violent, pacifist, hardcore, tourist, etc)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Neutral (you may or may not like):* Corridor-style shooter where you are given a direction to go and have to work your way through it (ala Half Life or Wolfensteinas as opposed to open-world games like Fallout or STALKER)* gratuitious T&A ... post-apoc world, and women are working the oldest profession in the world (being hookers). There's one hooker you can pay to give you a dance. I don't mind that, any of it. What annoys me is that once you're stuck in that chair there's no way to cancel her dance, and she keeps dancing for a full minute. When she stops you immediately see a ""give bullets/money"" signal, so you think you need to pay her a tip for the dance. No. That just makes her dance more. Right after you pay her to dance again you see a quick blurb up in the left-hand corner of the screen saying ""press 'up' to leave'. Why can't I do that to leave any time she's dancing? When you're playing this game and your girlfriend walks by behind you... and notices you're NOT stopping the dance out of respect for her catching you getting a virtual lap dance in a video game, you end up having awkward conversations you'd rather not have with your girlfriend. ""No, I'm not a perv, dear. This stupid game simply won't let me stop the ... oh, ok here we go... jesus, apparently that makes her dance some more! NO! I'm NOT A PERVERT! HONEY, LISTEN TO ME! *sigh* I'm sleeping on the couch tonight, aren't I?"" Honestly, I feel like the game locks you into a minute-long lap dance with this hooker simply as masturbation material for horny guys. Need more then a minute? Ok, give her 5 more bullets and she'll dance for another minute. This whole situation just seems like gratuitious fap material purposefully coded into the game to serve that only purpose.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Cons:- player moves really darn slow, which is ok when other humans are moving just as slow, but not when you're stuck in the middle of a bunch of really fast mutants leaping at you and eating your face off- cut-scenes or certain scenarios force you into situations your play-style wouldn't suggest you'd fall into (eg: you can stealth large parts of the game, but certain parts force you into run-n-gun).- several ""wander through the town"" areas that can be interesting, but slow down the pace of the game- sometimes hard to tell what you're supposed to do or where you're supposed to go; some boss fights are confusing (thick russian accents and all signs in-game being in russian don't help)- crouching to sneak is really getting old in games... I'm tired of getting a♥♥♥♥♥♥eye-view of the world just to be stealthy. People can be stealthy by walking normally. I wish this old ""crouch to activate stealth"" FPS trope would die already.- on more then one occasion I had someone stealthily dead in my cross-hairs, I shot, and it's like the bullet deflected off their face to just alert them to my presence instead of blowing their brains out... that was a bit annoying- You can stealth sections with human opponents, but mutant enemies seem to home right in on you forcing engagement.- When mutant enemies do show up, it seems there's an outlandish number thrown at you, and they are tough as nails (tougher then human opponents), so there's just this huge gap in difficulty as things go from moderately do'able to ""holy cow, I'm gonna die!"" as you progress from human to mutant sections of the game.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~It's hard to talk about Metro without comparing it to STALKER (another Russian-style post-apoc game franchise). Both have that dark, gritty, Russian-style atmosphere, but they're both unique. Both mix sci fi into their post-apoc mix, but in different ways. They both have supernatural + radiation mutations + mad science elements, but in different ways. They both have factions, but in different ways.The biggest difference is that STALKER games are more open-world, choose your mission, while Metro games are more about laying a path in front of you and making you forge through it.I recommend both franchises, though. They're both great, especially if you like Russian-style gritty atmosphere.I grew up as a child of the 80's, and heard all the US indoctrination propoganda of ""red scare"", ""better dead then red"", etc bull**** during the Cold War. But, I'm also an anthropologist at heart. I was always fascianated by the USSR and Russia. In the states, everything we saw about them was delivered to us like we were looking at an alien world and alien species. Then Gobechev tore down the wall, the USSR fell, Russia came back as a superpower, and (regardless of what the media propogates) Russia is an ally of the states now, along with Japan, Germany, etc... it's like people you were fearful of are now your old friends.I love games like this, because they humanize what seemed like an alien thing in my past. I get to walk through places and see the architecture, the technology, etc, etc, even if it's in a game. These games are also great, because there is no ""United States vs. USSR"" bull****. It's just a post-apoc setting, and that is all about survival and trying to help each other, regardless of who you are. So, it just helps tear down old prejudices and puts things into a different light.Anyways, enough babbling... if you like Wolfenstein: New Order, or Fallout, or post-apoc, or Russian-style gritty settings, Metro & STALKER franchies will not disappoint."
76561198105660637,Not Recommended,287390,22417443,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tom01,"This Game is so buggy on OS X, that it is unplayable.I hope Homefront will be better implemented."
76561198093221503,Recommended,287390,29814249,Posted: 9 February,all,Toaster Bazooka,"After trudging through a marsh after Venice with no idea where I was supposed to go, and miracusously finding the way after only 87 deaths, I made my way to a church where I was greeted by a huge monster thingy. I unloaded all the ammo I had into it (which wasn't a lot), used up all my grenades and firebombs, then all my throwing knives. While I ran in circles desperately trying to avoid it, my comrades continued to scream, ""Artyom, shoot it!""Well ♥♥♥♥.Later, we were betrayed by someone, I don't really know who, but that's a recurring theme in this game. Anyway, I was lurking through these dark catacombs, being constantly attacked by these huge manbearpig things. So, I had gotten to this point where I had used up most of my ammo and all of my health needles, with only 1 firebomb, 1 mine, and 6 knives. I got into a corner, planted the mine, and unloaded my last mag of AK rounds into the first assailant. Nothing happened. Manbearpig #1 shook off the 20 or so bullets I had just unloaded into him and charged, only to be blown up by the mine. Then, about ten more manbearpigs came running my way. I threw down my firebomb directly in their path. A couple of them burned to death, but the rest immediately gained fire immunity and rushed right through. I blasted the first one in the face with my shotgun, but it still lived, so I shot it until it died. This basically used up the last of my shotgun ammo, since it takes about 5 rounds of buckshot to kill one manbearpig. I tried using my throwing knives, but they might as well have been made of plastic. The manbearpigs advanced, flailed around a bit, and killed me instantly. Artyom moaned like a goon, and I had to start again from the checkpoint. Then I repeated this 176 times until I gave up and restarted the whole game to find out what I did wrong. Turns out, I forgot to pick up the tactical nuke launcher at the beginning of the game. What's that you say, there's no nuke launcher? Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ it would be nice to have one, because I don't see these manbearpigs dying from anything else anytime soon."
76561198056092780,Recommended,287390,29807725,Posted: 9 February,all,EazySeb,"Fantastic game with a great story, good graphics, and awesome gameplay. Definetely worth a buy, especially on sale!"
,Recommended,287390,29865656,Posted: 11 February,all,MountainManGuy,Great!
,Recommended,287390,17039194,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Potato PC,"Very deep story, epic gameplay, beauty graphics & deadly atmosphere.What else you need ? Save your money & buy this series now.Much more better than stupid yearly FPS, trust me.Would buy this sequel in future :)99/100"
,Recommended,287390,20936555,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,keybearer,How to get the good ending:Put your Sectoid on Overwatch
76561198027179912,Recommended,287390,28786427,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rimka,"This game is a masterpiece, story driven post-apocalyptic FPS teeming with atmosphere, very reminiscent of S.T.A.L.K.E.R."
,Recommended,287390,19585539,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lucky,",,,"
76561198022182244,Recommended,287390,32415024,Posted: 14 June,all,Rogred,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥блять
,Recommended,287390,35061506,Posted: 19 September,all,thepreeus,"When buying the metro games in a bundle i thought that the second game in the series, which came out years later, would be longer than the first. Hint its not. Even with frequent crashes it still managed to provide me with the same play time as the first game.I would recommend if you are buying the bundle, because if you are interested enough in the first game to keep playing, this should provide a little more story to keep you going.I have the same comment to make which i made on first metro review about the difficulty.Would recommend solely as a means of fulfilling your need for closure after the first game, but frequent crashes just as in the first metro game may mean its not that enjoyable.Honestly this should have been dlc for metro 2033 as it is practically the same game."
,Recommended,287390,33448494,Posted: 10 July,all,Shadow Of Intent,Played this on PS4. Loved it.Played this on PC. Also same.10/10 very sturdily constructed game.I use it to prop my desk up straight bc im poor.
,Recommended,287390,13372696,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Bagel Mode,"Paid for a stripper, lost a moral point.Banged my bosses daughter that I had met once before, no negative effects.10/10 would bang my bosses daughter again."
,Recommended,287390,12365080,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,omni_79,fun game if it didn't crash all the time....
,Recommended,287390,23484606,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ulq,"A Review Mostly for me so I know I’ve completed the story, as well as feedback on the game.My Thoughts:- EPIC game Still :D not much changes and less achivments but still good game.Achievements:- 49 of 49 (100%) achievements earnedGraphics:- All I can say is sexy this games graphics are still sexy.Game Play:- more or less the same.Story:- a year has past since you destroyed the Dark Ones hive, you hear there is a sole survivor of that attack and leads you to uncover dark plans by those in power.Replayability:- after getting 100% on Metro 2033 and Redux version then doing Metro Last Light and this one you willwant to complete it as soon as you can as hearing the same thing over n over can do your head in lolRating:- 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,33070502,Posted: 30 June,all,Destiny2WaitingRoom,Gud game
,Recommended,287390,33063474,Posted: 30 June,all,Deus lo Vult,9/10 using broken old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc i thought it would not run but it did...................................wasted 300 bullets to the♥♥♥♥♥ housetotally worth it
,Recommended,287390,30178273,Posted: 25 February,all,Tony,And here is your GYAS MYASK YOU CANT SURVIVE ON THE SURFACE WITHOUT YOUR GYAS MYASK!!!  AND NOW GYUNS!!! GUNS GUNS GUNS
,Recommended,287390,34796722,Posted: 7 September,all,humanvegetableonline2002,A nu cheeki breeki i v damke
,Recommended,287390,20694644,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dux,I paid the price of a coffee for this game. It gave me more enjoyment than a coffee. And i like coffee... A lot.
,Recommended,287390,22189087,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,Купить эту игру
,Recommended,287390,28701352,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
76561198061934041,Recommended,287390,28633872,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dandelion,Excellent
,Recommended,287390,33230964,Posted: 4 July,all,Orka,Played it twice in a row..got mad cause I got bad ending so I replayed for good ending and it was worth it 100%
,Recommended,287390,33954231,Posted: 1 August,all,Ðfx,.
,Not Recommended,287390,34983443,Posted: 15 September,all,SandWhale,"Constantly crash multiple times in in different part of the game. I tried loading it in safe mode, it made no difference. Now I can't continue and finish the game becuase I keep crashing before I can even load the game up."
,Recommended,287390,35041492,Posted: 18 September,all,Wildheavenly,"recommend buying the bundle cuz this is the sequel to metro 2033.positive: - great post apocalyptic atmosphere, i really liked the last chapter ""the last fight"" it showed how intense the war is like.- could go with different play styles, stealth or assault- additional use as a pc benchmark.....- nudes and lapdance in chapter Venicenegative: - gtx1060m+6g+i7 but couldnt run smoothly on ultra high settingsarent the dark ones supposed to be bad? and thats why artyom bombed them?? then why are they good (again)?P.s. will artyom be the main character in exodus??"
76561198047616056,Recommended,287390,13591304,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,音 Talu 音,"Great game, can totally recommend this to anyone! The quality of this game is way better than most released out there. It doesn't feel rushed nor is it all too buggy aslong as you get it to run.For those who have driver shutdowns, there apears to be a bug with PhysX that shutdowns your Nvidia driver, something that is yet to be fixed, otherwise, a great game!100% achivement completion within 35 hours of playtime, though watch for the hidden achivements that are not listed, 2 for endings and 2 for choices within the game."
,Recommended,287390,25887279,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Medocine,"Metro 2033 / Metro Last light Review.The Universe :Metro 2033 takes place in the year 2033 in a world where a nuclear war has occurred.The only survivors now are living inside the giant metro of Moscou.Over time Metro’s stations transformed into citys with their own politics.In this metro there is 2 big factions the Reds and the Fascists their ideologies are basicaly the same as the one of the USSR and the Third Reich.And also dangerous mutant creatures are living outside and inside of the Metro.The story :You play as Artiom a young man who lived  peacefuly in the station of ВДНХ until the Dark ones appeared out of nowhere, their regular attack are threatening the survival of the station.A friend named Hunter gives you a mission before intering a tunnel to check it, in case he don’t come back after 24 hours you will need to contact Sparta a group composed of the best warriors of the Metro to help you and your station to get rid of those Dark ones.Hunter didn’t come back so you will need to get to Polis to get there it will not be easy of course, but you will see the rest by yourself.And I will not talk about the story of Metro Last Light because I don’t want to spoil you the ending of Metro 2033.Characters :Because I don’t want to spoil you the games’ characters I will not talk about each individually I will say in general.They all looks nice you can easely guess their personality only with the visual, they don’t do things that are out of theirs character and they are interesting not everyone but a lot of them.This is all.The Visual/Audio/Ambiance :The game’s graphics are realy good I am not talking about 11K textures resolution but the environment’s composition, god it’s gorgeous if you want to see some amazing post nuclear environments try this game.I love the musics this is just incredible the feelings of loneliness, sadness and hope that are given only by the main menu music...The overall sound design is magnificent it immerse you completely in the univers, the sounds of the wind outside, the ""cave"" sounds in the tunnels, just wow.So obviously I think that the ambiance is outstanding.Gameplay :The gameplay is realy good the fighting is realy satisfying in this game.The game have a lot of weapons and some nice customisation possibility.It’s interesting that when you are against humans (it’s more rare with monsters) you can do it stealthy and it’s fun to try even if sometimes it’s pretty hard.The game itself is in my opinion ""too easy"" even on the highest difficulty I din’t get much problem to finish those two games but it was still a lot of fun and the the fact that you can’t see your HUD  (Spartan mod) is an original and cool idea.Also you will need to be a little patient you will not fight humans every five seconds there is a lot of dialogue that you can’t skip, if get interested by the story it goes pretty fast and it’s enjoyable to listen but I can’t imagine how boring it is if you don’t get in.Other things :During every loading screens Artiom is explaining where he is going and why, it’s a realy good way to easely keep the track of the story and so be more easely immersed in the universe.Conclusion :The Metros' serie is a Master Piece the ambiance is amazing the story is good and the gameplay is just a lot of fun. If you want a shooter with an interesting post-apocalyptique story, play Metro 2033."
76561198175400713,Recommended,287390,16202742,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TehFlibjib,I recomend this game to everyoneseriously it's brilliant
,Recommended,287390,26294720,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,noc9109,if you are a heavy single player who gives no fxxk about multiplay like me: GTX1070+ReShade=WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW FXXK BF1 AND MANY OTHERS
76561198082835876,Recommended,287390,27467077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nogger Black,This game have an very good story line.
76561198096243555,Recommended,287390,28521175,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,°°°°TvT°°°° csgo-raffle.,10/10
,Recommended,287390,28527148,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sman,It s the best FPS EVER MADE
,Recommended,287390,28531106,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Danezus,Bets game ever !
,Recommended,287390,25931233,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SEKTORIRWIN!,Interesting game i like it
,Recommended,287390,33755702,Posted: 23 July,all,Whites Cause Fights,"a fun game to play. Its a huge improvement over metro 2033. I would recommend this to anyone who has a 970 turbo and over. Other than that if you dont, the game wont run."
,Recommended,287390,20329761,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Butter me up Scotty,"I love this game! everything about it is really well done! very impressive graphics, fun and exiting gameplay, and a solid story which is one of the best I have ever experienced in a video game. What else could you want in a game?"
,Recommended,287390,13156205,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kurddles,Great game. Wish it were longer tho.
76561198003340520,Recommended,287390,13168109,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NoneSmith,"(Metro 2033 & Last Light) Fun Game! It is a rail shooter, but not every game can be Fallout3. Good story, good action, and a fair amount of replayability."
76561197987047936,Recommended,287390,15930842,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Squid,"Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2015/05/metro-last-light.htmlOn the whole, Last Light is an excellent sequel. Star Wars games have gotten me accustomed to expecting the good ending to be the canon for the sequel, but Last Light does the opposite. It's refreshing to see a whole game built around the character having made the wrong choice out of good intentions, then seeing the mistake and working towards redemption. And when that story is told with the unique atmosphere-dripping style of the Metro series, you've got a great game."
,Recommended,287390,19463074,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,.QUIT,One of the best games I ever played!+Emotional+Epic+Great ending+A few ways to do your mission-Avg. graphics-Laging intro-Unoptimised performanceMust buy must play game!
76561198047668775,Recommended,287390,14568607,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,George Zimmerman {suicidal},"This game, in my opinion, was much better than the first. There were some more shootout portions than in the first game, but I was surprised to see plenty of stealth parts as well (I played Spartan mode). I enjoyed the story a lot more because it wasn't just trying to find certain locations all the time like in the original, it was trying to stop a war and running into a lot of cool characters along the way. There was alot more focus on characters and characterization in this game that I enjoyed (I loved Pavel). The story also added more faction warfare that we did not see as much of in the first game. The Chronicles DLC was also a lot of fun but the other DLC were meh, you get them with this purchase anyway so you may as well try them out. All in all, I enjoyed this game much more than the first, and I think it is an extremely solid post-apocalyptic FPS."
76561198111613595,Recommended,287390,28811643,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DeadFace,When this goes on sale buy it and play it. You are welcome.
,Recommended,287390,29727109,Posted: 5 February,all,Dem0nFlare,"Metro, now i hav them all"
76561197971812070,Recommended,287390,33114809,Posted: 1 July,all,numsei,Artyooooooooooom
,Recommended,287390,13929725,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,OlavDeng2,"You go out as a total bad♥♥♥♥♥killing mutants and other humans to stop some humans taking over the metro under moskow after ww3. This game is a sequal to metro 2033's default ending, the alternative ending there isn't present in any form, there is an alternate ending in this game aswell however im not going to spoil anything of this.This game runs great on my pc at high settings and it looks good with a great story, it does get a bit repetitive at times and the level design of this game is worse than of metro 2033 and too much time is spent on the surface which is less interesting. They added bossfights which if i remember correctly werent present in metro 2033 which was a huge dissepointment for me as they don't add to the fun. The guns are great though and although it isnt realistic like insugency or red orchestra there is more costumisation and more guns(although only a couple of extra) added in this game which makes the gun more interesting and the 3 gun limit is alot better than most games 2 guns and a side arm limit.On a technical aspect the game runs better than metro 2033(idk how this game compares to metro 2033 redux or regular last light) and does it look better? i think it looks about the same, it looks good enough and does good for the atmosphere however some of the mechanics in this game isn't presented to the user so some users might not know how to charge the flash light or the guns using compressed air which is a bit of a problem and also you randomly get/loose the flash light charger which does not make sense(it makes sense if you loose it because you got captured).This game has been a great experiance for me and i reccomend it for anyone who enjoyed metro 2033, if you haven't played metro 2033 and you are looking to play this game i reccomend you first play metro 2033 as this is definetly a sequel although you could be able to play this game without playing metro 2033."
76561198145350498,Recommended,287390,35263705,Posted: 28 September,all,☭Cλptλin℟ex☭,Fun!!!
76561198148313257,Recommended,287390,35240873,Posted: 27 September,all,ctwoodyhussar,Buy this game and play it. It's what you've been searching for.
76561198078194125,Recommended,287390,28752154,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JohnnyOhYeah,"The plot twist from the Metro 2033 its awesome. I think this was one of the best expasions i've ever played. Just loved the 2033 and i do think that if you liked it you MUST ´play Last Light. Well, for sure i recommend it! Play it, Artyon!"
,Recommended,287390,28770366,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Just1n3 Hunt3r,"TL:DRDespite their seemingly miserable setting, both Metro games are in fact fun, diverse shooter-adventures, and the remastered 2033 does a good job of smoothing down the original's rougher edges at the expense of some of its brutal personality. Getting both in a single, enhanced package is a great way to discover (or rediscover) the Moscow Metro's unconventional charms.ProsStoryComedyAtmosphereDifficultiesWeapon RealismConsMeh AI"
,Recommended,287390,28760250,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ROADIE_OLLIE,One of the best games ive played 10/10
76561198149591788,Recommended,287390,28766083,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SainiSaab,Greatest post-apocalyptic game you can ever play 10/10
76561198066850537,Recommended,287390,28745032,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ThePieMonster,"Amazing game, if you're a fan of the series. Although having hardware sufficient to run a game like The Witcher 3 at steady frame rate on high spec, I still have buggy/ laggy gameplay after about an hour or so of gameplay in this game. Though, I bought this during a steam sale for $3, so it is not a big deal.Solution: after an hour of game play, restart the game every half hour or so to prevevnt FPS drop/ Lag in gameplay.The reason I put up with this is I am a huge fan of Metro 2033, and want to experience more of the Metro universe (if they were ever to release a new game I would buy it ASAP).Overall, great game and storyline; would recomend to anyone who enjoyed metro 2033."
,Recommended,287390,27466422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,^ ^5👌Cocktus,"Super, fun and really good story but short it took me around 9,7 hours to complete the whole story on the hardest Difficulty for the first time. :) ;( (+the dark one child is really cute)"
,Recommended,287390,29636236,Posted: 1 February,all,Niko,Ahhh what a time to be alive! Running with a gasmask through the wasted streets of russia! Nice could be the sad truth in a few years but for so long I'll lean back and enjoy my beer. Cheers!
,Recommended,287390,18907626,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tafara12,Metro is an awesome game!
76561198178431841,Recommended,287390,33964626,Posted: 1 August,all,Crayons,"One of my favs for awhile now. I can always come back to this game, and the first one, and enjoy it all over again, 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,19130553,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,peanutbutter,It runs on my toaster of a laptop.Nice.Anyway. Anna's boobs are nice too
,Recommended,287390,32384534,Posted: 13 June,all,Viroraptor,Holy Sh*t this is goodGET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10
76561198119076383,Recommended,287390,32372126,Posted: 12 June,all,The Man,I see this game on sale on steam and I think only one thing......wish I could buy it again.
76561198015024013,Not Recommended,287390,12105589,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,WildHunt,Game crashes continuiously and it has been going on since the last patch 2 weeks ago. Many people have the problem but the Devs ignore us. Crappy support.
,Not Recommended,287390,12942260,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tsunami125,"Don't get me wrong, this game is phenomenal but it crashes! I have yet to beat the game because it continues to crash on the same mission at the same spot. It's outrageous. I paid for a game that doe snot even work. Until this gets resolved it just is not worht it."
,Not Recommended,287390,13108870,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tarostar,"I'm sure there is a good game wanting to get out, but it just keeps crashing on me. I have done my research, found many others with the same crashes in the same places and tried various solutions - none which make any difference. I work with computers for a living and I have a decent system (i5, gtx 780) which plays everything from bioshock infinity to don't starve without any issues. Therefore I just cannot recommend this game at this time unless you are willing to risk not being able to play it."
76561198010071946,Not Recommended,287390,12110989,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,How Old Are You?,"As of writing this, it is practically unplayable due to hardly any performance optimization (for AMD GPUs). You get about 30% less GPU usage than in the original Metro Last Light, just like that.If this has been resolved, I will edit this review."
,Not Recommended,287390,13350971,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Spazzy,As of 12/13/14 game is broke with PhysX.
,Not Recommended,287390,12091647,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pyravia,"Crashes 1-6 minutes in without fail. I was exited to play this but I`m starting to regret buying it.The animated intro screen  is also really messed up. I have a Radeon 7990 with the latest drivers and I have PhysX off in the game, but it may still be a supported GPU issue.This should still be fixed regardless.Once I can actually play the game I will give it a real reveiw.It is possible that there was an installation error. I have built a new computer with crossfire Radeon 7990; I will reinstall the game and test it."
,Not Recommended,287390,12406387,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,YeeiZ,Why does nobody have the same problem as me?!?!? I been googling for the past two hours and its all about♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesnt matter... My models are invisible and the weapons are invisible too. I only see the hats and bags on the models.. Re installed the game a thousand times and tried every option with the setting... Whats wrong with the game? Why cant I see weapon and player models?
,Recommended,287390,15100226,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jared the porn rental guy,I had 2 unwanted erections10/10 wouldn't show any warning about NSFW content again
,Not Recommended,287390,33422150,Posted: 9 July,all,Huntanian,The checkpoints put me into a never-ending cycle of death with no chance to get out of it in one of the final missions.
,Not Recommended,287390,17446725,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,akaBez,"Do not buy this game, Last level is bugged.-Minor Spoilers-After 15 hours or so of playing this game I got to the final level: D6.I died after the boss battle (tank).It seems this is a known bug that if you die after the boss fight the game crash to desktop,and even after you load the game again it immediately crashes to desktop.To only way around it is to Load a chapter, so I did. I loaded the D6 chapter.The chapter started in place that looked nothing like the level I played,Nothing like the walk through on the internet, none of my gear was present,and I am sure all of my morality choices were erased as well.The game have only a checkpoint system with only one checkpoint at a time.So if you are stuck (like I was) you need to load a chapter or start over which erase all your progressmaking the game going into default generic state.The game have a horrible FOV as well.other than that it's ok, but I think it dose not worth the money.If you can find it in 5$ go ahead, other than that, NO!"
76561197990995806,Not Recommended,287390,26196290,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SketchParker,"Ahh...  I hate to be this guy.You know, that guy that hates on a game because it didn't live up to it's name.  Even with the knowledge that it was a completely different game in the same storyline.That said.  This game was nothing but irritating for me.  I was expecting a comparable continuance of the Metro storyline.  What did I get for my hard earned money?  Something that was far less.  Lots of storyline, but not of the same quality.  In fact, so much that it interfered with my gameplay.  I'd have to estimate that at least 20 percent of the game is cutscenes that are not nearly as interesting as they should have been.  In fact, at least half of those cutscenes were worthless drains of time that did nothing for the storyline.Without spoiling the plot, I have to say that this game felt more like I was trying to watch Alien Resurrection and watch the child friendly favorite, E.T. at the same time.  It was badly presented and did not do Metro 2033 justice.So, how was the gameplay?  Easy.  Way easier than Metro 2033.  You had everything you needed, conservation of resources was not ever an issue.  And yea, I was playing on Ranger.  On the most difficult setting you should feel a hell of a challenge.  You should feel like every shot counts and that any mistake you do is punished with the most unpredictable of consequences.  Maybe you should suffocate due to not packing enough filters.  Maybe you should run out of all your best ammunition and be resorted to using some stray weapon you found on a corpse.  No.  None of that.  I don't know about you, but I'm not really here for a walk in the friggin park.Instead of difficult gameplay concepts, you know what we got?  Resident Evil style bosses.  ""Oh, superboss...  just shoot it in the flashing red areas to do damage.""  I'm sorry, wtf did you just say??? Did you just tell me IN GAME that I had to shoot a difficult adversary in the red flashy areas?  You didn't expect that to be immersion breaking? Gtfo.Nothing about this game lives up to Metro 2033.  The only saving grace it had was a couple moments of intense gunfights.  I cannot recommend this game.I completed this game in less than 10 hours.  It was a painful 10 hours."
,Not Recommended,287390,12362665,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Maestro Fénix,"Sorry, but even after looking with video and photo comparisons, the improvements are minimal on the redux version. The only thing that we can notice is the big amount of bugs, both graphical and gameplay that has now Last Light.This version is not worth to buy, not even considering the discounts if you had the original games, and that includes all the DLCs. There's not excuses for releasing a game full of bugs and, months later, still without fixing them."
76561198039644766,Not Recommended,287390,17472713,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Eek-a-Mouse,"Purchase Metro Last Light on Sale:While the 'redux' part of Last Light does little, the game itself is solid; up until its lackluster final third. The story almost forgets about itself for most of the experience, essentially with you trying to get back on track for most of the game. It makes for interesting world building when you explore the genuinly creepy environments, but at the cost of the main-through-line narrative seeming like an afterthought. The last third ubruptly changes (thematically) to more overt 'morality'  based stuff and it just comes of as Po-faced.Metro 2033 is superior and with it's own redux version, the improvements to gameplay seen in Last Light are used to bolster up the narrativly superior 2033 <-- go buy that one instead."
76561198059653080,Not Recommended,287390,17439054,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,hotmaledotcom619,"i love the game but no quicksave options! no other options for loading any autosave, so if your having trouble in one of the missions you have no choice but to play in load chapters, which is kinda sucks because you have to do it all over again which is very frustrating"
,Not Recommended,287390,20912847,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AirDrifter,"Im 5hrs in and the game keeps on crashing, I did not pay good money just to have a game crash on me every so often, I cant even proceed to the next part because of it, please fix this problem asap, as for now its a no for me if you have Windows 10, not sure about Windows 7"
,Not Recommended,287390,15809516,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,eatin cake,Its been a month since the Mac release and the game is still unplayable.
76561198059821815,Not Recommended,287390,30731526,Posted: 25 March,all,Omega Ultra Strong Dinosaur,Fun FPS that has a decent story. unfortunately for myself the game now crashes at the same spot right after the elevator ride in the catacombs and I can no longer continue anymore. 6 hours in and that is all I get out of the game :(
,Not Recommended,287390,20227290,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,oohmebeefflaps!,"Wow. Well as good as this game looks at times a majority of it is stuck within in game cutscenes. The story is unengaging and the gameplay is a disjointed mess, human enemies are too easy too kill and the mutants are considerbly harder making each encounter with them a chore especially in the outside segments. Level design ranges from glorified corridors to confusing open areas. I find no enjoyment from this title only frustration even when I am suceeding."
76561197975863172,Not Recommended,287390,12564999,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Parabellum128,"If this game actually worked, then it would be an amazing game...itd be the best game this year, but they put out a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥release that doesnt even work properly. I know that this game is amazing beccause I have it on PS3, but this reduz is garbage!I was able to get it to launch one hour...thats it. All the other times its crashed upon launch. I am definitely not the only one with this problem, which you will soon find if you read the reviews. My advice, save your money until theybe confrimed fixing their issues,"
,Not Recommended,287390,33981749,Posted: 2 August,all,TrukGnipmak,"Like my review for Metro 2033 Redux I'd say if you can get this and 2033 for $20 or less you'd be reasonably happy with your purchase. In my last review I slammed on pretty much everything but the Atmosphere and sadly its the same in Last Light. The AI does the same stuff in Metro 2033 Redux like auto homing on you despite and allies or whether you're in cover and darkness along with the chickenheadedness. The same technical quirks in 2033 show up here, only this time Ranger Hardcore completely removes your hud, you have to either memorize or guess what nades you are equiping and have no idea the total amount of air filters you have. The gunplay is almost exactly the same as before except it takes longer to get certain attachments, although they did add the Saiga 12 which I liked as a shotgun. The story while a little more enjoyable this time around gets thin and spotty towards the end. (SPOILERS) At the end I have no idea why the hell Pavel did what he did if he was being ""haunted"" or what was going on there maybe he was just feeling guilty. The darkling  having such an easy time talking to you makes almost no sense to me seeing as the hundreds of adults failed to just say ""Hey we're trying to ♥♥♥♥ing help you don't nuke us"" or why they even ate those nukes since I'm fairly sure they can warp or at least travel at extremely high speed and then we have Anna who basically shows up for a few minutes at the start and quickie bang in the middle and then has Artyoms daughter in the end. I'm told there's different endings depending on your karma (which is something tacked on waaaaay too late) but I can't say I'd play this game twice."
76561197984835522,Not Recommended,287390,26472234,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ragmority,Good atmospheric game with some extremely bad boss fights and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moral point system. Why even give the player all these cool weapons and explosives only to condemn him to the bad ending if he uses them.
,Recommended,287390,11941995,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,zahndy,10/10 WOW
76561198135444598,Not Recommended,287390,13485632,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,<<Exx-Zaikia>>,"Freaked up.....see floating armor and monsters are invisible!Does not happen for the rest of my steam shooting games.Though storyline is exciting like i wanted it to be....but $12.50,not worth overall maybe worth $2.....hahar"
,Not Recommended,287390,21153012,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,broggoli,it would be nice if the game loads
,Not Recommended,287390,33698232,Posted: 21 July,all,Marker,"If you want atmospheric game with a really great story,gameplay and with exploration(i.e S.T.A.L.K.E.R series) then this game is not for you.Halfway through the game i couldnt follow the story and lost interest in it.Last Light is nothing but a really tight collidor shooter, taking you from point A to B with any room to explore your surroundings while you also get to deal with Half Life 2 conversation sequence(You get locked in a room until all the parties are done speaking) and these are really long drawn out conversations until you ask yourself ""Are you guys done talking""."
,Not Recommended,287390,19141094,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Batman,"Do not get this. List of reasons why:1) Has more problems than the original release2)Always, and I mean ALWAYS crashes after first boot. You have to boot the game twice for it to play properly3)Characters and prop tend to flicker. It's not random either, it's always the same characters/props.These crackpot devs got lucky with one game they made being good and then tried to milk it dry. The lack of work done on the Redux alone just shows how incompetant these dip ♥♥♥♥♥ really are. Do not buy it, not even on sale. RUN! LIKE IT'S THE PLAGUE!"
76561198014598420,Not Recommended,287390,13503544,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,eazzy4shizzy2,"Please do not buy this game, having serious bug Issues apparently going on for quite some time now. The bargain offer is quite enticing; trust me it’s not worth the headache... I downloaded both metro editions and they are both sitting in my library accumulating space. Just like many I chose to ignore the posted warning reviews, and now I am so frustrated every time I try to play them crash, crash and crash!!!!!"
76561198055838421,Not Recommended,287390,15497181,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,das-patt,"if you want to play this on OS X, forget about it. it's unplayable. unless you enjoy 5 fps. even on low graphics. I got a late 2013 Macbook, the best there was to buy. the game itself set the graphics to very high. so it can't be my mac. hope there will be a patch to solve this problem. otherwise i paid for nothing. thanks a lot."
,Not Recommended,287390,23090778,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hammer Haunt,"My difficulty dropped from Ranger mode to normal somehow with all of my other options and a random resolution. Now the only way to continue the game in that mode is restart the whole thing since you are not actually able to change difficulties mid-game if you are in Ranger or Ranger Harcore mode. This is not acceptable to me, and while I love the Metro series and the books, the Redux version of Last light seems to be too buggy. Get the vanilla Last Light."
76561197992902019,Not Recommended,287390,20591669,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Carper,"Game causes display driver crashes requiring a hard reset, Problem seems common and it was never fixed. Cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,287390,20392909,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Blewdy,"Well. It's not bad. not bad  at all, it's beautiful graphically and the gameplay is spot on to the original Metro game. but there is a few things that really made me decide against this game. but sadly, I cannot give it a thumbs up and here's why!First of all, the check point system is absolute garbage, rather than letting you save your own game, it autosaves and places checkpoints  at certain times, so if you ever die, you will end up back at that point. However, this checkpoint system backfires too often, because if it checkpoints only mere moments from your death, you'll just be stuck in a cycle that will require you to go back even further into your saves in order to undo that checkpoint and stop it from completely destroying your progress.The story didn't feel as good as 2033. while I know the metro series was based off of the books, the first game was completely fine and I loved the story. in this game, I actually struggle to care for any of the characters, they are not interesting in the slightest, the story does have its moments, I'll give it that.The most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ love interest ever in any game I've ever played. Seriously. I don't feel any build up between the player and Anna, yet they play her off as a lousy love interest , who you have ONE scene with her and it's a "" we're ****ed, might as  well bang!"" set up too. It was super weak and I don't see the point of the scene even existing. or Anna existing for that manner.I had high hopes for this game. I really  did, but the setbacks bother me too much to give it a good score."
76561198154070479,Not Recommended,287390,21513394,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,garbage,More lense flares than a micheal bay movie. My retinas are severely burnt like wtf is wrong with this game? It doesn't matter if it's bright or dark your eyes will be strained. That combined with the on screen blood and dog monsters gang banging you there's no way you can see anything. I only decided to pick this game up again is because it's graphicly intensive and I figured it might warm my room up a bit. (its winter here and i have no heater)Only positive is the boobs
,Not Recommended,287390,17514555,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Poopschuter,"ok, so im new to this game, it and 2033 both.. bought both of them, played thru 2033 a LOT faster than i thought it would be, but still was a good game.. now, im about 3/4 of the way thru last light and on the level ""the chase"" where youre on the  rail car and jump to the train to hunt down ""the dark one"" ... no matter what i do, im getting blocked at the 2nd rail car by debris from a broken blue crate. it blocks the door and i cannot procede. Ive gone back and reloaded previous chapters and played up to that point again in hopes that it would , i guess, fix itself? but to no avail, i cannot pass. so basically - the games over for me at that point due to a glitch. pretty dumb if you ask me and fustrating as hell since i was submerged in the story line only to have it♥♥♥♥♥♥on by a dumb glitch. sweet. so if you like finishing games, may want to consider spending your money elsewhere.."
76561197988077759,Not Recommended,287390,21357095,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,danny_maland,"I was excited to try this title, and I'm actually sure it's well made. What little I saw of it convinced me of that. (I was a fan of its predecessor.)But...Buyer beware! If you have the ""magic combination"" of hardware and drivers that this game seems to hate, you're in for major disappointment. ""Metro"" will consistently lock up so hard that the entire machine will have to be restarted. In my case, an Nvidia GTX 970 seemed to be disliked by the game, with a driver update making the behavior WORSE.No, thank you."
,Not Recommended,287390,16495936,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sam,"It just doesn't work on an iMac! 2,7 GHz Intel Core i5 8 GB 1600 MHz DDR3NVIDIA GeForce GT 640M 512 MB 21.5-inch, Late 2012 NOT EVEN 1fps on lowest setting, no other apps running!!"
,Recommended,287390,30753747,Posted: 26 March,all,CupCupBaconBox,"First of all, make sure you play the first game before playing this in order to get the most out of the narrative experience. There's an important thematic transition that takes place between the first game's winter setting and this game's blossoming springtime. I guess the idea is Death/Despair to Life/Hope.Anyway, this is an interesting series. Metro 2033 is a full-on survival horror game, linear and story driven, similar to Half-Life in structure. The sequel, Last Light, while identically linear, places a heavier emphasis on stealth and action - with the human factions having a stronger gameplay and story presence - with less focus on the solitary horror type scenarios of the first game.If you're like me, and are the kind of player who generally shuns horror games, then you'll be pleased to hear that this game and its predecessor are two standout exceptions to my general boycott of the genre. While one or two levels were uncomfortable to play, the story and context were grounded and engrossing enough to encourage me to press on. That's an unusual turn for these games to take, as I tend to strongly dislike the feeling of being in a rat maze that most scary games tend to engender. It's a testament to the well-told story and truly immersive gameplay found in both of these games.Sorry for the stream-of-thought review. I'm really tired and can't think very clearly. Just wanted to pop in and drop a strong recommendation to anyone reading this - even those who typically shun scary games. Think of this as part two of one long game.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,287390,13646219,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Let's Death!,"Runs smooths and plays well while it works. I am however unable to get more than one hour into the game before random crashes start to occur, to such an extent that it's impossible to play it. Because of these crashes, and the lack of fixes for them which a couple of hours on different forums has resulted in, I can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561197986987543,Not Recommended,287390,19439068,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ancient Astronaut,Seriously...♥♥♥♥ this game...It has so many cool aspects to it...but it all feels rushed and underdeveloped concepts that never got fully fleshed out. I've never felt so emotionally connected to a character as I have with this game. I'm not going to spoil it but if you play it you will see who I'm talking about...but like has been said before the game goes from GAME ON RAILS to EASY AS PIE to NO ♥♥♥♥♥ YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN BORN. The linear gameplay is predictable and copies both Doom and COD. It brings nothing new to the table and in the end will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off immensely.
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,287390,17445102,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"The worst freaking game i've ever played, should be called a walking simulator. The sad thing is that the gameplay sections of this game, (wich may or not aquaint for less than half of it's content) are actually among the must fun hours of enjoyment i've ever played, i get the fact that they're trying to tell you a story based in a series of books, but i feel that there's much better ways to present this story than making you walk following people around for twenty minutes hearing conversations about comunism and betrayal, if i would like to hear a story without a hint of gameplay consistency then i've probably be watching a movie or reading a book. Sad, because the atmosphere it's amazing."
76561197988507631,Not Recommended,287390,13353967,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,toneware4391,"Wow... what a disappointing experience. I loved the original Metro. so I jumped on this. Right away, I was totally confused to see a few backpacks and hemlets walking around. Turns out, all of the platyers (and monters) are invisible. I was killed instantly... by what? I have no idea. You're going to tell me my graphics card sucks, etc., and, maybe it does. It works, however, with everything else (Skyrim, Metro 2033,.etc). I have yet to run across a game that I couldn't play... until now.So, YMMV, but my advice is: stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,287390,19574708,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bluejay712,"Looks like a really great game, and from what i played it is. Sadly it alwyas crashes at the same point on about the 4th chapter, which is in the first 30mins of game. I cant find any help for thsi online and lots of people seem to be having similar problems at various stages in the game. Would play if it worked, but cannot reccomend because of bugs"
,Not Recommended,287390,16739185,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,rotflolmaomgeez,"The game crashes while loading the save of the literally LAST LEVEL.Otherwise it's great, but I won't give it a positive review if I can't see the conclusion in any way.I've already posted on tech support forum a few days ago. Once it's fixed I'll change the review."
,Recommended,287390,32367758,Posted: 12 June,all,☜The TrappeR☞,I am waiting Metro Exodus in 20!8
76561198073467099,Not Recommended,287390,13376850,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Einar,"Due to regular crashing, I cannot reccomend this game to anyone.quad core CPU @ 4.4GhzGTX 97016GB 2133Mhz RAMHD displaySSD storage"
76561197975281679,Not Recommended,287390,21115003,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Paappa,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of game breaking bugs, do not recommend."
76561197980372873,Not Recommended,287390,19386497,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,thinsem,Awkward...Not my go to game.
,Not Recommended,287390,17353923,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Interrogator,this♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes A LOT
,Not Recommended,287390,17303055,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,We Fucking Lost Guys,"The most stupid AI melee attacks ever existed, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story and racist dialogues, russians don't speak like this. it's a pretty looking game at max settings though."
76561198249814026,Recommended,287390,28552507,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chrome,Nice StorySo CreepyCool WeaponNice Stealth Kill9/10
,Recommended,287390,18680505,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MEMRI TV,One of the best post-apocalyptic FPS games out there 10/10
76561198030937485,Not Recommended,287390,19082899,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Odoacer,"If you are a Mac user I cannot recommend this game.  It just runs sooooo slow.  Talked with nVidea and even with the CUDA drivers for Mac, still runs like a dog."
76561198123010135,Not Recommended,287390,16502014,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,mmihaia,I never seen such a buggy game in my whole life. I guess they had no QC team ...this is insane . It makes me regret every cent I've payed on this piece of ...
76561198046861526,Not Recommended,287390,15341379,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tapegreen,"I would reccomend this to everybody, but first i would like it to make it compatible with all graphic cards."
,Not Recommended,287390,16740148,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,GLaDOS,"I loved metro 2033 redux. it was an amazing experience.Last light really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with 2 big things.1. For some reason the devs wanted to make tom clancys slinter cell rainbow six 3 post apocolyptic warfare stealth 69. i completed the metro 2033 redux on hard difficulty without dieing that much still enjoyable and wasnt INSANE. Last light is WAY to difficult on the same level. i must have died at least 100 times trying to kill this person stealthy and then this person but not before you get this person otherwise you will be seen bla bla TO MUCH. To much 'what if' in the difficulty. Had to turn it back to normal for a casual walk through but now its to easy.2. I get it supposed to be sorta real. But the nudity make this game nearly unplayable. metro2033 did it perfectly and i had people really enjoy watching me play it. This game took it all out of them, mostly because they were females. i cant blame them.3. Story. story was butchered from 2033. it became extremely predictable with traditional betrayels by fanatical stereotypes.4. This game wouldnt even start until i had to overwrite from files to get it to work. 2033 worked fine this one didnt.5. killing all the nazis commies and monsters didnt make up for being way to hard, throwing nudity in your face and the story sucking."
76561198112152878,Not Recommended,287390,17407833,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,boohoohaha,doesnt work on windows 10
76561198028393180,Not Recommended,287390,20365282,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Xagyg,
,Not Recommended,287390,20217996,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mertsch,"I was not able to progress within the single player mission right at the start (after getting outside the base) because an essential triggered event did not happen.Restarting the game and chapter several times did not help.After a bit of research it seems that other people have the same issue at random times during the campaign.Luckily I was able to get a refund.Really disappointing experience, especially after playing the original Metro 2033 which also had its flaws, but at least I was able to finish the game."
76561198037377422,Not Recommended,287390,20382548,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Campy the Terrible,"First of all, let me say that I love this series, and that even though I consider Last Light to be the weaker title, it's a game I enjoyed from start to finish.So why can I not recommend this? Simple. This is aREMAKE, yet there are still bugs present which existed in the original game. Controls randomly locking up and not responding until you reload from a checkpoint (and occasionally still not responding even then). Ammunition disappearing from your inventory when you talk to a vendor. Significant, annoying things which have no business being in a ""remastered"" version of the game.Basically, if you've never played the Metro series before, you should because it's an amazing series. But these bugs are indicators of a lazy QA department, so I have to give the Redux a thumbs down."
76561198129052328,Not Recommended,287390,19373542,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Speat,"Frankly this game is unplayable. I spent an hour in the ini files trying to change it off fulscree becase it was automatically too high resolution and didnt respond to launch options. There ae two ini files in completely different locations you have to change at once to set it to windowed mode. Even when I'd done that the controls were barely responsive so setting the resolution was a nightmare. I changed the ini files back to normal and started the game, waiting for that awful cutscene to play through. Finally I start and not only are no keys bound for anything, there was no way to access any sort of pause menu and change them. I restart the game, wait for it to go through the loading and opening of the game cut scenes and finally try to play. The mouse sensitivity is insane and I had bound left and right the wrong way round. I wouldnt have minded if the game actually had a pause menu so I could either rebind or quit to the main menu but after trying every key I found out there isn't one. Terrible game, even the measly £3 I paid for it was too much. If anything I should be paid because I practically made the game at this point.tl;dnrBroken♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198110562723,Recommended,287390,19343717,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Peter the Strawberry,Russian Tour Simulator
76561198187871307,Not Recommended,287390,27361524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,savrer,I like both Metro games cause story is great but there is one bug that I can't get over it.People are invisible and I can't play that way.Metro 2033 finished without any problems but this one has this one big bug.Tried a lot of things but still doesn't work.Please fix it but till then I am not recommending this game.
76561198038717675,Not Recommended,287390,16843584,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,darkwolfsa,"♥♥♥♥ing biggest load of crap ever, the developers and publishers of this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥should be shot"
76561198028170373,Not Recommended,287390,22282503,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Benzin,"VERY  buggy, i got stuck several times because the scripted events dint triger, and once because a character wouldnt move and avoided me from contiuing the completely linear path i had to follow. Enemies that ""die"" but remain standing, crashes, and the WORSE most broken and poorly desgined ""moral"" system i have ever seen in a game. You can spare every bad guy in the game, even the most evil ones, but you dint give a ""coin"" to a beggar? Game sais F.U.! take the bad, dissapointing ending.Not recommended."
76561198067424814,Not Recommended,287390,22927899,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,gromyr,"This game was good until it wasn't, I felt like playing a shooter and this did give me my fix, but after a while I got a little sick of how linear this games story line was, very little in way of customisation. I bought it durig a steam sale and don't regret buying it... I may finish playing it one day (maybe it would be more enjoyable if i had read the book or played the first game :p) the premise is very cool."
76561198116330284,Not Recommended,287390,19589629,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ellmo M8,"do you like Metro? Well if you want to play some Metro dont buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it does work at all, soz."
,Not Recommended,287390,19353660,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OZ-00MS,TL;DR: Metro Last Light Redux can crash to desktop at any time and is a common bug that the devs should not have neglected. Broken game is broken.
,Not Recommended,287390,17314848,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Night,Games looks petty and nice graphic but the only problem is i always crashing in the prison section when load
,Not Recommended,287390,16651079,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Saxon,"Very bad game, cant change resolution without crashes, textures dont load in sometimes either, looked like a good game but id give it a 2/10"
,Recommended,287390,24223163,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Robb Banks,"Remember, no Russian."
,Recommended,287390,22926027,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spanky,Privyet
,Recommended,287390,23004013,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mr_cryzler34,"this game is touching in so many ways!This game has alot of feelings.The visuals are amazing.Mechanics and animations are well done.The surrounding and environment is immerssive.Great optimization and Storyline is excellent.This game gave me a bunch of feelings and thoughts, I do Love it!I'll give it a 9.4/10 RatingThis game is worth the money for sure.hopefully i'll see Metro 2035 getting announced soon!"
76561198213040533,Not Recommended,287390,18737679,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,dr.drake,"I have a MacBook Pro and have gotten about 45 seconds into the first cutscenethen it makes my computer crash every single time which is dissapointing because it is a really good game, just not for Mac Gamers"
,Not Recommended,287390,15617656,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dyvinex,"This game has vastly improved sneaking and really fun levels with plenty of length. My problem with the game is that I did everything in my power to get the good ending - knocking soldiers out, exploring, saving the NPCs, etc. All for nothing! I still got the bad ending when *trying* very hard to follow the good path. Seems like you pretty much have to have a guide for the good ending, just playing and trying to be good is not enough, Maybe I missed ONE cranny with a note or something."
,Not Recommended,287390,18126023,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Big Bird,you run out of gas every mission and you cant beat a mission because you always die of not having enough bloody gas like wtf
76561198167686193,Recommended,287390,13558876,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Triceracop,"i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game personaly it is just so imersave i feel like im actaly there, but the only problems that i have are the hard to follow vage directions that they give you  and the some what sloppy damage detection. but over all i give this game an 8.5 out of 10.buy this game"
,Recommended,287390,12019595,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"I just beat this game (again).  Excellent game and a little better than Metro 2033 BUT Metro 2033 is the better ""Redux"".9/10 - must buy for any FPS fan"
,Not Recommended,287390,18581102,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hell is just a shit,"Lumayan bagus, cuma sayang ga bisa co-op ato ga multiplayer,, lumayan nyesel juga nih, untung lagi ada cukup duit, kalo lagi limit, mungkin dah... bikin nazar lagi :v"
,Not Recommended,287390,29621773,Posted: 31 January,all,MYSCHUFF,First impressions. Not the worst game made. Very path driven. It's decent untill you have multi monsters in your face and can load about 10% as fast as they can hit you. Mobs stand so close all your shells go in the dirt behind them. Mobs act dead and come back to life.  The physics of granads and fire bombs will almost always kill yourself if there is anything between you and the target. They do not go the way you need them to. The bombs allow every mob to move out of the way long before they detonate making them fairly useless. Maybe servival is fun?
76561198115681120,Recommended,287390,22910869,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,2BeAss,"When I played it I was like: ""Hey that's pretty good""worth buying when unsale, not sure otherwise."
,Not Recommended,287390,34530033,Posted: 27 August,all,WoofWoof,"Some people might like the ""atmosphere"", but I found it incredibly boring. There is a loose story but it does not compel you forward. The shooting is really average. What I really hated was wandering around looking for an obscure door to move the story forward.What they did well was to depict the life of people in post-apocalyptic world through when you walk through a linear part of an outpost. Script is okayish."
76561198009559912,Not Recommended,287390,18546179,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,BadGreenGonzoDaGreat,Unplayable with OSX. Lagg so hard even on minimal.
,Not Recommended,287390,18554660,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Reactionary Filth,"there are some serious glitches in this game, ive exeriance gameruining model invisibility for characters, props, and enemies, and my friends have had issues as welli hope to fix this, but im glad i bought this on sale and got it for so little"
76561198028930386,Recommended,287390,23779298,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Profoundsoup,Yes
,Recommended,287390,29598030,Posted: 30 January,all,Forgotten Syrup,"The Metro Last Light game has managed to deliver a rather interesting and complex enviroment that gives a more realistic take on the apaclypse that most modern era games fail to display, from experiencing the horrors and halucinations that any person living in such a real would, the game also explores a moral system, and gives a rather scarce inviroment for you to transverse with a cast of difficulty options to make it even harder. i felt as if i was in a true apaclpyse well playing this thanks to the wonderfully used machanics and well created communities and immersive enviroments. i can recomend this game for any fans of Stealth Shooters as it also delivers a very well built stealth system."
,Recommended,287390,23056913,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ray👻,This about sums the whole Metro series up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_huL5ynaI8Y
,Not Recommended,287390,17182949,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[NCE]RotInPixels,"This game is not worth it until THEY FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GLITCH. 99.99% of the time i try to start this game, it ♥♥♥♥in crashes immediately and pisses me off soooo much its just not worth my money. If im gonna pay for your♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least dont sell me broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ Jesus christ people, how hard is it to get your goddamn game TO OPEN??"
,Recommended,287390,33340241,Posted: 7 July,all,Rei Ayanami,This is the sequel of the amazing Metro 2033! Make sure to pick it up as well and continue discovering it`s fascinating story!
,Recommended,287390,28940385,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,Second Metro game I played and I hope for third incoming ...MASTERPIECE !10/10
,Not Recommended,287390,22962682,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Andreas Kieling,Alot of fun. But there is one part were the game always crashes. I cant play any further....
,Recommended,287390,15467558,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Apples,"Communists, Nazis and Trains11/10"
76561198008452457,Recommended,287390,20541397,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,BOXman,well first of this game is so op and the thing is they will make a new metro  cuz if you see all the books of the game you that 3 books and metro last light was the 2 so posebly metro 2035 will be next or notBUY THE GAME ITS FUN SCARY AND WIRD
,Recommended,287390,12757883,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,sylverAG,Its a freaking cool and awesome fps game! Abit scary too!
,Recommended,287390,12611631,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DarkEetrius,"I own Metro last light and love  it, i bought this on sale cause i wanted a complete version of the game and this one has upgraded textures and lighting. I love the story and the gameplay, so this still gets a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,287390,20045894,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,T.w² | Mexican_Psychopath,I was told there would be lapdances. I am one hour in. No lap dances yet. 0/10 :P
,Recommended,287390,23036170,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Svadhisthana,I need the next game to be very very longer. Love it.
,Recommended,287390,22917472,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,vodolaz095,Super!
,Recommended,287390,13724638,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hu$tl3r,2nd part of the great FPS - story driven and with a cool atmosphere !
,Recommended,287390,21241905,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RELIGION OF PEACE,"A harrowing and accurate depiction of the United States after Bernie Sander's win in 2016. Brave, this game jumps the bounds of regular story telling, by making your main character a trans-xim-post operation-wolfkin-hermaphodite who must go back in time and restore Donald Trump to power. Gripping, this tale features a morality system, truely immersive gameplay, and lots of QTEs that makes the mentally disabled gamer in me happy.Overall great game, needs a stronger Liberal message however, as the main character is a man. A white man. Horrifying.1/10."
76561198179624986,Not Recommended,287390,27850402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KmanSkillz,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game. This game requires you to be a master of video games of or a master of stealth. I was told you can sneak past the watchman or those other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but when I finally get away, bop more appear out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere."
76561198010559659,Not Recommended,287390,27705575,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪A1,"Always crashes when I play the ""last battle"""
,Recommended,287390,26817820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Laurie,"Knock Knock,""Password""""ROADBLOCK""""I Know That Voice....♥♥♥♥♥♥I Cant Place It""""Wait A Minute...Could It Be...Lesnitsky?"""
,Recommended,287390,23039209,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Fruge,"Short summary of this game.Artyom, Artyom!"
76561198059373947,Not Recommended,287390,22695576,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,gregdragon,"Ran out of filters, didn't want to play the whole chaplet over again0/10"
,Recommended,287390,22543634,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Thebootybandit,It's some good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,20440741,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,PizzaPal,There was more than one light why is it called last light
,Not Recommended,287390,24067395,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Vexx Myst,"If you don't have the proper graphics card, certain textures will be missing. Mostlyminorthings, like guns, characters, et cetera. Interestingly, the original Metro: LLdidn'thave this issue, aside from a graphical glitch that was easily fixed by rummaging through the files. I can only assume the redux deceided that rather than having porcupine men, it would havenone at all.If you have (I guess Nvidia? That's their advertised card) the proper graphics card, go on ahead and get this."
,Recommended,287390,17104915,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ERGamer,best story of the year
76561198092539684,Recommended,287390,19818409,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,President Donald Trump,Dam good graphicsDam good StoryAnd a dam good game
76561198134566127,Recommended,287390,26062006,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,captcaveman,HOLY CRAP!!!!! It was amazing!
,Recommended,287390,26055243,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MANEVRĂĂĂ,"with just 1.1 hours played, i can say that this game is so good"
,Recommended,287390,20262745,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,For$ure Gråh0[T],"One of the best games ever! Graphics 9/10, Story 10/10, Audio 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,33011571,Posted: 29 June,all,Fan,Game
,Not Recommended,287390,24123326,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ThreadPool (Digital Coyote),"Although the game is fantastic in its gameplay, the bugs have caused me to quit and restart so many times. I jsut got an autosave that is loading me with the inability to move and I'm at hte end of hte chapter"
76561198008321121,Recommended,287390,27657772,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FaFa,"10/10 : Post-apocalyptic Mother Russia, what else do you need ?"
,Recommended,287390,17781069,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
,Recommended,287390,29837883,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooks,7/10
,Not Recommended,287390,33457087,Posted: 11 July,all,Sollaire,Metro: Last Light Redux BrokeNot understandablegive me back my money
76561198051865716,Recommended,287390,21031415,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zahav,"I did not like the story in this one, but it has more choices and morality issues comparing to original linear story. The level design is even better than the original. I did not like the mutant boss battles as they have hidden puzzles, but how to figure out myself when you have low ammo and you are attacked by giant beast. Once you know what to do to defeat them its easy, but there is no hints that leads to them.And as first game -  I can shoot both communists and nazis as equally bad guys. Thats just for my taste. Thank you!"
76561198062604179,Not Recommended,287390,26695337,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Capitan_Spoiler,"I'm checking ""no"" because this game MUST NOT BE PURCHASED AT FULL PRICE. wait for a discount like i did, because this game is just a glitch fest.now, let's go over the positive things that this game has:+great atmosphere, great story and good graphics+fight scenes are both awesom and tedious (more on that later)+the linearity isn't an issue, it's a game based on a book about a post apocalyptic future, so the lack of exploring is excusable+even though it lacks a save feature and relies on checkpoints, those are plenty, hard to miss (the icon pops up in the botton left corner, a place where you are constantly looking because it also features your ""visibility gem"" and the minutes of air you have left with a gas mask) and the levels aren't that long either.+the double endings are quite niceunfortunately, it has a couple major problems, one of which is, sadly, game breking.-sometimes, for no good reason, the enemy will see you because he will shine his flashlight THROUGH a wall, or he will just hear a comrade getting killed with a silent weapon even if you tryed the level 4 times before and all of those times nobody noticed that.-Hit detection is totally ♥♥♥♥ed up, you can aim at someone's torso, shoot an arrow or a throwing knife at him and it will go through him, MISS HIM and alert everyone of your presence. and, no, i didn't miss anyone when this happened. one time this happened to the last enemy in a room so i didn't have to restart the checkpoint, after he went down i saw the throwing knife stuck in the wall where the enemy torso should have been, so it genuinely passed through him.-and the game breaking glitch is....in the last level. you have to fight some dudes and if you die, it's all fine. the problem comes when a tank arrives, if you die at ANY POINT AFTER THE TANK APPEARS your game will crash without warning upon clicking ""load last checpoints"", so basically you have to do an entire level of precise shooting where sometimes the hits don't register WITHOUT DYINGso, yeah. don't get this game at full price, i got both 2033 redux and last light redux for 7 euros in a boundle and, barring the last level, it was a fun, albeit frustrating, experience.have fun, fellas"
76561198004022855,Recommended,287390,28414365,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,maldorf,"I would give this game an 8/10. The graphics and sound are just outstanding and so the realism is very good. Compared to the first game though I would say this falls a bit short. The campaign did not seem as long and it wasnt quite as challenging, although I could have played it at a more difficult setting, I did play it on survivior and normal. You still get a very good sense of just surviving especially when it comes to the air filters. I felt like i was constantly panicked that I would run out of air filters and suffocate to death. I think the fear of suffocation was my greatest worry.The inhabited areas you come across are bustling with life and so very well depicted. So much detail. There are a few adult things that happen when you bump into strippers that took me by surprise but I was a willing participant! Defintely a game for adults.The DLC are worhwhile too and very challenging. I enjoyed the most the one where you are captured by the Nazis and have to escape. The DLC where you have to go out and find rare artifacts in the museum is a bit annoying because you have to keep running back to base to save and buy more equipment. That DLC does a poor job showing you how to save too and I had to look it up online.I got a lot of play time out of this game and recommend it for those tthat like first person survivor games. If you like the first one then you will like this one."
15498276123826712,Recommended,287390,32353521,Posted: 11 June,all,Corgiinabox,"Metro: Last Light, Oh this game. So it continues on from Metro 2033 and adds a whole new perspective on the world of Metro. How it plays out through the whole game is sad,fun, and very interesting. The goal of the game is the oppisite of the first metro. SPOILERS (if you havent played the game) The first metro had you Kill the nest of the Dark ones. Second Metro game is you Side with them and show humans that they arent Bad! Its very mind blowing but the endings WHOO. They are also mind blowing"
,Recommended,287390,16669274,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"It's Last Light with the DLC. So, the game is awesome.However, the good ending doesn't seem to want to be awarded, so GG on that one, guys."
76561198026734441,Recommended,287390,16266023,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ok_mp3,"I like it so much,i don't know what to say"
76561198052950882,Recommended,287390,16315175,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dcdan,"Both the metro games are FANTASTIC and if you're a fan of the post-apocalyptic, atmospheric  genre you should really get the bundle right now. You wouldn't reget it.9.5/10:end serious reviewBut I bought it a day before a big sale.liek if you cri evry tiem (true story)"
76561197997718367,Recommended,287390,16283651,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Angelo,Nicely Done !!
,Not Recommended,287390,17487245,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,soooperspeed ®,at this point in time this game is completely BROKEN .. it may be a very pretty and very good game but its BROKEN right now and 4a games are nowhere too be see .. um till they fix it AVOID IT
76561198298308553,Not Recommended,287390,35261708,Posted: 28 September,all,Richard Simmons,"no fov slider, i get dizzy after an hour"
76561198043161293,Recommended,287390,22945572,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
,Recommended,287390,13244892,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,fatalphenom,They could make a redux to the redux and I would still trow money at it.
,Recommended,287390,21432945,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
,Recommended,287390,28899765,Posted: 1 January,all,брат Майк,Damn russians the always need to have power :(Rest in peace Artyom :(
,Recommended,287390,35318195,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
,Recommended,287390,16317081,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Post Shalom,"The game was so immersive, i puked into 50 mins of gameplay.11/10"
76561198140382425,Recommended,287390,24692290,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Neko,Все виды озвучки для наций! если вас это не удивляет то приведите 10 из своих игр с русской озвучкой и сделаных в России или же в Украине!игра 9.5/10  почему не 10 да потому что потронов слишком много!
76561198122994882,Recommended,287390,28213666,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LightTrack,"I have to say, this game is what a true Post-Apocalyptic Survival Horror gamer could only dream of if this didn't exist. It's BEAUTIFUL! The level of detail is just...mindblowing. I am literally (in my mind) begging Deep Silver to make another Metro game to turn this into a trilogy and an epic one at that. I know it is too much to ask but can you really blame me?This game is a piece of pure Art. The optimization is just insanely well done given how good it looks even on the lowest settings that my computer can run on.All in all 9/10, wish it had Multiplayer or Freeroam mode of some sort. It's just brilliant and deserves some kind of an award for it's pure atmospheric nature and perfectly serious writing and imaginery. A nightmare brought to light. And boy is it shining. A must have for anyone who wishes for an immersive expierence.Keep going Deep Silver, this thing, in my opinion competes with Naughty Dog's The Last of Us for it's atmosphere and gameplay cohesion.The only thing i would change would be the way children sound and how facial expressions should be present in non-main plot characters. The rest is executed perfectly.Deep Silver, the road is like an endless Metro tunnel with Last Light at the end.Show us if we can emerge from the underground and welcome the Spring above."
,Recommended,287390,22560636,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"Continuing review.Well. the more I experience genuine Russian products, the more I think that Russia is like China but with white people. They should get along fine.I would imagine that when a civilization attains mastery over the atom, it ascends to true godhood. The power of the atom is the only infinite thing in existence. Of course, along the way it could well blast itself into glowing ash so it's a risky maneuver."
,Recommended,287390,19631857,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Red.Monster,The game is AWESOME! love it... let there be more games like this
76561198305363354,Not Recommended,287390,29548371,Posted: 28 January,all,Frumputus,Wouldn't work right and kept having bugy issues.
76561198326686220,Recommended,287390,30623578,Posted: 19 March,all,PeanutButter<3,"wow! this game is brilliant, one of the most immersive story's in a game. a lot of thought has been put into this one you can tell, which makes a change from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t weve been getting as of late. I don't please easy with games but this game is almost perfect apart from a few glitches here and there. solid 9/10"
76561198146356915,Recommended,287390,33718948,Posted: 22 July,all,Rumpul,i put my cat into a toilet for this and boy what a gargaling gameplay this was it was beyond dreched love action comedy as you walk on the moist ground as mr dimitry or vasya vlad idk dont drink toilet water
,Recommended,287390,26696250,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[M4tth2w],"Good Game, looks great but.. has crashing issues still (to the desktop, there's a fix.. it involves starting the chapter again)"
,Not Recommended,287390,12618107,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,furnace,This game is great. When it runs. Which is not often.
,Recommended,287390,11903862,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Frozh22,Compared to the Metro 2033 Redux this has way more bugs.. At the start it seemed.. the same as last light I even checked to be sure I ain't playing Last Light.. but it's pretty much the same.. some bugs are fixed.. some are added/new.. It's fun if you didn't purchase the first Last Light.. but if you did.. the same story nothing different that I would say is worth my money..6/10Also example of a bug :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=307159614
76561197972879914,Not Recommended,287390,19856700,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mrbot,"A great and engaging experience up until Chapter 8, when I inexplicably ran out of air filters despite having picked up 3-4 of them early on. The game auto-saved right after I lost my last filter, which was brilliant. The constant focus on having to replace filters when fighting outside is excruciating. Of all the action FPSes that could benefit from a quicksave feature, this is the one. Instead, we're stuck having to constantly replay long stretches, which is as fun as visiting the dentist and not getting free nitrous oxide."
,Not Recommended,287390,16556868,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Capodecina,"Why i did not like this game1) The story is boring,predictable,recycled2) The game is so Linear it hurts me. Go from A to B to C3) The Dialogue/Monologue in between are unskippable4) No choice what so ever Do the task exactly like the Dev wants you or stay. That would not be a bad thing necessary but the info we get is just not enough we need to do a trial/error thing till we get it right. Which would not be a bad thing if i was fighting a Boss or something but dying 50 times while searching for an item on a stupid map i dont even have freedom of movement on no thank you.5)Stupid Russian accent. I would rather have them speak Russian and have english subs than hearing that stupid accent.6)And the Number 1 Sin in a Video game confusing Challenging Gameplay with Difficulty by Limiting the Player. Meaning if you can not compose a chalenging task have the Player do something dificult. Like looking for a needel in a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Game. I don't mind losing to a Boss or running out of time in a mission as long as it is fun and challenging, i will try and complete the mission 1k times. But if its just difficult because the mechanics or physics suck or i am limited in my movement in 2015... that just tells me Devs where out of imagination ....So people do yourself a favor and get a better game , i am not saying this is a totally bad game but most definitely there are tons of better games out there on the same price range"
,Recommended,287390,11916702,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,jcwtin,im a big fan of this game. story is awesome and gameplay is pretty smooth. only thing is when i downloaded the redux version the characters only show bits and pieces of clothing floating same goes for door and guns. if same applies to enemies.....heh well yeah not good. id like a way to slove this. i checked the cache and all is validated and up to date just dont know why this happens
76561197969897750,Not Recommended,287390,29020482,Posted: 4 January,all,The Redcoat,"I played the first Metro. It seemed interesting and the idea was fairly fresh. You could forgive the OTT bad acting for the horror element.Playing Last Light, I am afraid to say it was the same as the old game except with nothing particularly fresh to it. And the OTT bad acting is back and far more cringy.It's okay. Play it if you're bored. Avoid it if you're not.Overall, I wouldn't have bought this game knowing it was going to offer nothing new."
,Recommended,287390,11931943,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,PaintAle,"Metro 2033 Redux can feel enhancement about many thing, but last light is notCertainly, Metro Last Light is already completed game.I think it is for Some Optimize, and PS4, XBOX One console hardware.if you have Metro Last Light and full DLC, no have to buy this.however,not redux, just game, The Metro Last Light give us impressive mood, and feel surviving in After-Nuclear war living feel like real and in live."
76561198097123478,Not Recommended,287390,19178952,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Royce101st,Very dull
76561197970724708,Not Recommended,287390,16006630,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jccampbel,"I have a late 2013 rMBP, Intel core i7, loaded, 16 gigs of memory, a 1.5 gig video card, and this game is unplayable at the very lowest settings. It's slow, freezes, etc, and obviously has overpowered my retina MBP. Be careful about buying."
,Not Recommended,287390,22964254,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BadassFreeman,"I liked the original Metro game and when I saw this re-release version so cheap, I couldn't hold myself from buying it on a Steam sale. I mean come on, 5€? That's great!Except it wasn't. I'm unsure what in the actual f#ck is going on with this game, but it refuses to work. Frame-rate is good, controls are fine, it's just that after the lack-luster intro of the game, the NPC that I have to go arround with refuses to move.I restarted back from a check-point, and that NPC kept getting stuck. I started the game all over (literally 10 minutes into the game so whatever), it happens again. I DOWNLOADED THE GAME AGAIN, and yet it happens.Well, screw it. I'm refunding it. This is all I have to say about Metro: Last Light ""Redux"", the uninstall works perfectly. And it's a shame, I was really looking forward to it... But after watching the forced intro that you can't skip saying ""NVIDIA, The way it's meant to be played"", I think this f#cking game will refuse to work in anything that isn't NVidia. So yeah, I'm out."
76561198053924230,Not Recommended,287390,17101889,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,A.dvm,"Fix your game...Im playing on a mac that isnt very powerful but can handle most games, the hud is completely broken and the menu is not functioning well at all. Controller support hasn't worked for my xbox one controller keeping me from playing on my upcoming roadtrip... unless i play on a trackpad which i dont intend to do. Before recent updates i was abe to play the non-rdux version just fine and honestly the game was amazing, but due to its inabality to be played i'm very dissapointed."
76561197999904169,Recommended,287390,25737986,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Atum Hadu,"Blayt! What are you waiting for, chuvak? Get this game!I picked Metro Last Light and Metro 2033 redux versions on a Steam sale for dirt cheap ($4.99 each) and actually didn't boot up Last Light for almost a year because I was preoccupied with other games. On the one hand, I could kick myself for not playing it earlier -- on the other, this game was a really pleasant surprise.Simply put, Last Light is much, much better than I expected it would be. There are so many games set in dark, dystopian futures, with the same muted colors and razor-thin plots that, if you've come late to the Metro franchise as I have, it's easy to look at the gameplay vids and screens and wave them off as a jaded gamer.But this isn't a game that takes its setting for granted, or uses a post-apocalyptic setting for shallow purposes. There's a real story here, real world-building, real lore. Everything you see and encounter is there for a reason -- including the Metro stations themselves, the radiated surface, the factions and the personalities.Pros:- Well-written characters with distinct and amusing personalities- Exceptional graphics: Metro Last Light looks better, as a 2014 redux, than many major 2016 titles- The combat and gunplay is fun, smooth and intuitive- Even in English, the dialog is peppered with interesting Russian slang and colloquialisms- Likewise, the voice acting is top notch- The game guides you, but it never feels like it's pushing you. It's a nice balance- Last Light accommodates not only several difficulty levels, but also playstyles: You can play a more low-key, survival-style version with stealth mechanics, or you can play a more direct action-oriented shooter style which still gives you the option to be stealthyCons:- The gun swapping and upgrading system isn't as intuitive as the rest of the game. Some of the guns don't behave the way you'd expect them to based on the type of weapons they are, and the store/purchasing system is a bit odd- I don't like it when games, especially shooters, hide items in obscure places and force you to stalk around every map, looking in every nook and cranny lest you miss something important. Last Light isn't as bad as some games in this respect, but it's an element of game design I dislike.- Lack of Vladimir Putin- No MetArt girls. This is Russia. There should be amazing MetArt girls!Overall: Highly recommended"
,Not Recommended,287390,17307178,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sminky_Get,A decent if rather functional game in it's mechanics. A poorly told clichéd and dull story as a narrative. It also features a totally arbitrary moral system. A reasonable entertaining game but will taste a little sour come the end.
,Not Recommended,287390,12611231,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Error Code: -118,"DO NOT BUY!You are lucky if you get the game running, and even if you can start it it's unplayable wih all those random crashes. Dev's don't care and community is dead, buying this ""game"" is like burning money."
76561198179342283,Not Recommended,287390,28128119,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ingre,"I can recomend this game only to people who loved the first one. For all others: there are many other better games.Compared to the first game (Metro 2033 Redux):Positive:+ better graphics (more details, beatifull weather effects)+ more stuff to find (less time pressure)+ more different enemies+ more unique locations+ more different fight situations+ less quick time eventsNegative:- dull story: you fight communists (all the misterious atmosphere is gone)- inappropriate story theme (virus outbreak, Resident Evil style)- combat still worse then in most ego shooters (bad movement, stupid enemy AI)- enemies see you through thin walls (through plates)- less companions and less encounters with friendly people, who tell unique stories- no more metro feeling; more like dangeon with trainsFazit:A technical improvement to the first game, but the atmosphere went down the toilet."
76561198165508569,Not Recommended,287390,29327312,Posted: 17 January,all,Dr1ft3r,"There are a lot of things I like about Metro: Last Lite-For one, the gameplay is fun and intense, but also realistic. The graphics and atmosphere are both excellent. The voice acting is prety solid.-But my main dislike, is that it is way too difficult at times. On normal difficulty I die in like 3 hits and normal is the easiest difficulty. Parts of the game force you to be stealthy to have any chance of survival against a large group of enemies, and then the game throws that many enemies at you and you just have to wait on an elevator and crap like that while your getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 10 mutant mole things or whatever they are.P.S. I'm not one to normally complain about difficulty, I have beaten all the souls games and Bloodborne as well as several other games on the hardest difficulty, but this game really pisses me off because the stupid mole things will just gang up and back you into a corner and your dead before a reload animation can even finish."
76561198199941997,Not Recommended,287390,20191023,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Organic,Mac controller support is terribly broken making the game unplayable with a gamepad. Do not buy if you use a controller and a mac. The devs have had this problem for months and have just chosen to ignore it rather than actually do something. 0/1000
,Not Recommended,287390,13398119,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Nevarine,"It is a rare thing when I start out loving a game and then end up hating it. At first I thought this was the best game I'd played since Half-life 2. Having played open world FPS's for the last few years, the linear scripted style was a nice and welcome change of pace, unfortunately it becomes exponentially stupidly difficult even on normal.Survival mode. The purpose of this mode is to make ammo scarce among other things. I am accustom to beating games on hardcore so I started out in hardcore/survival AND hardcore ranger mode. The results.... I have never played a game with ammo so readily available. Its everywhere! around every corner, on every dude you kill. In every gun. Guns are everywhere too. I have never run out of ammo once. My thinking is that they somehow got survival mode and spartan mode mixed up because thats exactly the way it plays. Of course having lots of ammo didn't make it much easier because once your halfway thru the game it gets impossibly hard. Not challanging hard, stupid hard!You will find yourself starting over just about every single scene a good 50 times minimum. I made it  75% but then had to make a excecutive decision to delete the game from my library as it was just not fun anymore. I am a hardcore FPS verteran but this was just pure BS!!!I came back a few months later and tried to finish the game, but this time on normal survival/normal ranger mode. Slightly easier but with noticably less health kits which made no sense. But again, every area beyond halfway thru the game required around 50 to 100 replays before finally fluking your way to the next check point. Made it to the ""garden"" where you have to get past the giant bear creature. Impossible with only one health kit, and when your close to making it, the wolfies randomly come after you and some are completely invonerable to death because they are part of the script that goes after the bear when you bring it down.There is a fine line between challeging/rewarding and just obsurdly hard. Despite the graphics, design, atmosphere and story which are all perfect, the title is too unbalanced to recommend.However, if you like restarting over and over and over, then this is the game for you."
76561198025739716,Not Recommended,287390,19181098,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Gredu,"This game is really nice, like his story. It is also a good fps, and graphisms are not so bad.I put a negative review, because there's still some bugs. Like, when you play in ranger hardcore difficulty, at some moment in the game, if you die by running out of air (not enough filter), you just respawn, and die by suffocating 10 secondes after. At many moments, I've got spawnkilled many times, so I had to restart the entire mission.It was so a pain to play in this conditions that I decided to do the story in normal difficulty. So, I had enough filter, so, no problem with that, but I think that if I wouldn't have enough filter (wich is unusual in normal difficulty lol), It would has been the same (getting spawnkilled).In conclusion, the game is pretty good, but this kind of bugs can screw everything."
,Recommended,287390,23918503,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bonk the fegget,"Takes place in Russia, where Russians speak English, but have Russian accents8/10"
76561197976597655,Not Recommended,287390,16689578,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BOONAKER,Again like in the Metro game shooting a dog takes like 3 shotgun shells when in real life it would take one. All you do is get to a point in the game where you can't get away from the monsters and all you do is die. You have to go unlimited ammo cheat so you can actually have ammo oh and have money to buy new weapons and upgrades. Normal mode is like nightmare mode I can only imagine what it would be like to play the actual nightmare mode. I guess if ant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on you would die on that level of difficulty. The Metro bundle shouldn't have been $10 more like 10 cents.
,Recommended,287390,24405175,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MeatShake,"Incredibly clunky, zero information given such as what ammo guns use. Minimal UI hurts gameplay even though they keep floating numbers and icons- no reason to have some information shown but not other info.If not for the whole sequence with Pavel this would have been a fairly bad game honestly."
,Recommended,287390,22414530,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Znowu skrzydełka na splocie,"Bifu, tribosz"
76561198114797297,Not Recommended,287390,35398116,Posted: 1 October,all,Badwater,I loved this game but give it 1 star on principle due to check point saves. You don't deserve a good review for making checkpoints and a level like Red Square.
76561198004431179,Recommended,287390,11881212,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,123,OK they did fix it up. It does run smoothly now and i can honestly say it is a bit more improved from the last light. Just a hair more crisper.
,Recommended,287390,20026565,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zenith,"Metro: Last Light is the sequel to Metro 2033. It is more action oriented but is still mostly a stealth game, you can however, choose to go all out, just like in Metro 2033. Fans of the original game will enjoy Metro: Last Light. I recommend newcomers to this franchise to this series to play the previous game as the stories are linked."
,Recommended,287390,16580366,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,InCubs,.
76561198276338904,Recommended,287390,32354895,Posted: 11 June,all,better than whoredan,yes
76561198028854455,Recommended,287390,18049903,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Laure Conan [The Barbarian],"I gave it alot of thinkin. It sucks, but has a good atmosphère, world and story. ♥♥♥♥ that game."
,Recommended,287390,23042578,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,the spook,♥♥♥♥
76561197988617780,Recommended,287390,16416019,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Brian Damegd,"I put off playing Metro: Last light because I generally don't like scary/creepy FPS games.I decided to give it a go since it was on sale and I didn't have any other games to play.Boy was I pleasantly surprised!The story and gameplay are solid.The characters are interesting and memorable.The game has one of the best atmospheres in any game I've played so far.It has a good balance of story and action.It also made me think about the brutality of man and beast, are we really different to animals?Took me 10 hours but I kinda rushed it a bit so you are looking at maybe 9-12 hours of gg."
,Not Recommended,287390,22984338,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ChocolateExpert,too casual compared to the first game.
76561197972563352,Recommended,287390,12604847,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,alwaysoffline,When will the crashes with my gtx 780ti be fixed?
,Recommended,287390,34804287,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
,Recommended,287390,27476786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[弾幕の伝説] Mobius,reviewing for autumn badge
76561198158087427,Recommended,287390,23750613,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Harry Plopper,10/10 return of nazis
76561198092528603,Recommended,287390,23741261,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BigPapa,The Daily Struggles of a Russian CS:GO player: The Video Game
76561198054753519,Not Recommended,287390,33647227,Posted: 19 July,all,ol_b,"Because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design, googling how to kill ♥♥♥♥♥ing tank stole a pleasure of victory from me. Despite I made HEAVY SQUAD level (how to kill tank I googled too) and played Survival + Ranger. If anybody will read this - just know, the game is awesome (80% achievements by me). But I give dislike. Just because. ♥♥♥♥ you devs. I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. It's not fair I was throwing bombs into the tank, but all you need to do... whatever... Good ending didn't help feel better. I hate googling stuff... hate... hate... hate! And also I hate levels like Sunset, Swamp. You don't get were to go and fall into the water all the time >_>"
,Not Recommended,287390,24198922,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SaucyRebel,"Positives:Great game. Great story and gameplay. Graphics are really nice. Stealth sequences are extremely well done, very challenging to slowly mow through guards without alerting everyone.Negatives:- Crashes, a lot.- This game needs a work around just to run it, if not you'll be staring at a black screen forever.- Graphics settings will reset after a crash.- Usually crashes when purchasing/upgrading weapons.- Sometimes crashes during a level for no reason and will keep crashing at the same spot until you restart the entire level.- Monsters and A.I. sometimes freeze, forcing you to restart the level since you cannot progress.Great game when it works. Easy to break. Don't bother unless you are extremely patient.DO NOT BUY METRO 2033. Last light Redux actually sort of works, the original does not."
,Recommended,287390,18461563,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,BunKzilla,10/10 would have sex
,Recommended,287390,23925869,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Papa Frank Twigletoes,>Be me>Im 15 years old>Go to Venice>♥♥♥♥ a hookerRepeat11/10 would repeat again
,Not Recommended,287390,34856116,Posted: 10 September,all,HarryGamer6,it crashes when i open it after playing the half game good job 10/10 would like a refund
,Recommended,287390,33111172,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
,Not Recommended,287390,32109444,Posted: 1 June,all,Yomama bin Fartin',"Often stuck after cinematics because of your gas mask filter timer still runs while watching the long♥♥♥♥♥videos. The only way to deal with levels out side is to not wear your bloody gas mask to save filters, only put it on for a second when you are about to pass out.Metro 2033 was a damn masterpiece, Last Light however.. I bet the story is beyond great but it's kinda like Metro 2033 but then kinda not with the annyoing mechanic's (such as the ♥♥♥♥ing pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ retardo filters.)Sadly I won't complete this one eventhough I loved the first one and want to see what's gonna happen, but starting over and over again because of the new filter system that just pisses me off to no end, ♥♥♥♥ that."
,Not Recommended,287390,31655136,Posted: 9 May,all,modbantam,Doesn't work on Mac. Still no decent updates or drivers for post el Capitan OSXs like 2016's Sierra. Wasted $40 to the Steam gyp retailers. Read the old reviews that alluded to driver probs. It's 2017 nearly half way to 2018. No support in place or en route. Rip off.
,Recommended,287390,16314138,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kanan-Jarrus3244(BMGHunt3r),great game so beautiful
,Recommended,287390,28552009,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Shadow Team,"the sequel of metro, not beat it yet, so far so good"
,Not Recommended,287390,30135160,Posted: 23 February,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"In the swamp at the church the green monster dident appear. Many spots ingame where the autosave would corrupt. Later game im fighting this bear thing and the first time somehow i get cliped into its body, under it really, and get mauled slowly. Final shield fight enemy was immune to nades. Could shoot enemys in the foot and kill them with a head shot, wound and everything. Shot a soldier 15 times with a shotgun and he lived. Just about every boss fight had a wierd glitch. The enemy would seek cover right next to me, look at me, and do nothing. Enemy can dance... poorly.But hey, it looked great!Had to reverse my review. I loved the story ingame."
76561198054541594,Not Recommended,287390,16317748,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,gulper,Do not purchase if you are attempting to play on an Imac or Apple computer of any kind.  Nothing but freezes nd choppy graphics on any level system.  Game just not debugged for Imac yet.
,Not Recommended,287390,33362784,Posted: 7 July,all,Killroy,"This game has more bugs than the standard version.Melee will not longer work after the Bandits level (halfway through) not only that all you get for this ""redux"" is a difficulty that should have been in the original game. Not too metion two iconic Russian guns.Seriously this is pathetic for a ""redux"" aka remastered game.Invisible enemies, buggy melee (that stops working halfway through the game), unresponsive AI, never ending cutscenes.The people behind this game that check for bugs or even did the coding better not work on the next instalment otherwise it will catch your pc on fire.Such a worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Want ot play Metro: Last light ? By all means play it, just don't get the redux."
,Not Recommended,287390,16929245,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Daedalus,"It's deeply immersive and atmospheric,if it weren't for the fact that itcrashes arbitrarily every twenty minutesor so. The game loads with Nvidia as asponsor, captioned 'the way it's meantto be played'. If that's the case thenwhy in the heck is it crashing when my Nvidiacard has the latest drivers? Also verylinear, but a refreshing break from aCall of Duty game in terms of a quality,cinematic style gaming experience.Visually very detailed, same with thesound."
,Not Recommended,287390,13337652,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","Would recommend to first time players of LL, but if you already own the original, the only difference is the addition of ""Spartan Mode"" which basically makes the game even easier than it already is.Personally disappointed in the Redux. I was hoping the difficulty would return to that of the original 2033 (which was pretty damn hard). I thought Survival mode would bring the game back to it's roots, where scavenging for filters, ammo, and medkits was a constant concern because you were always low. But no, survival mode is nothing more than ""Ranger mode"" from Last Light, where as Spartan Mode is more of a handicap than anything.Really disappointed in the way the Metro series went. Since the original FEAR, I had been looking for another survival horror game with an emphasis on action without making it too arcadey. I thought I found that after the original 2033, but the Redux's showed me otherwise."
76561197970537126,Not Recommended,287390,27564934,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lowenklee,"Pros:Looks good.Sounds good.Runs well.Cons:Generic Russians.Generic Monsters.Generic Story.Poor movementPoor gunplayPoor FOVPoor GUIObnoxious hurry-up mechanisms.*Zero* tension, just annoying cutscenes.Generally, ...been there done that, and in better games no less; feels like a console port, to its detriment. Can't complain too much at 5 dollars, but your time is generally better spent elsewhere unless you're a diehard FPS'er, or really jonesing for a (poor) STALKER'esque experience."
,Not Recommended,287390,16338896,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[0bit]MacAndor,Runs as a complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on mac...
,Not Recommended,287390,28121022,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Seji-Evan,"ENG: The game is nice, i rly liked the design, the story, the gameplay (although there's some rly useless weapons in the game...) it was all going nice and well untill i reached the last chapter.. ""what is wrong there?"" you might be asking.. well. this goddam thing started to crash to desktop... god knows why.. now, i can't play the game ending.. [sarcasm] isnt' that wonderfull? [/sarcasm] even if i find a fix for it, at this point the imersion is pretty much gone.PT-BR: O jogo é legal, gostei pra caramba dos cenários da história do gameplay (apesar de algumas armas quase inúteis no game.. ) estava tudo indo bem até chegar no ultimo capítulo.. ""o que tem de ruim aí?"" voce pergunta.. bem.. essa bendita porcaria começou a fechar sozinho.. sabe se lá porque.. agora olha q maravillha.. não vou poder jogar o final, mesmo que eu ache um fix eventualmente, a imersão já era."
76561198042491923,Not Recommended,287390,24707468,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,cockahontas,"pro  -graphics ok (redux)-many weaponscon  -very spongy control (high ping/delay) even with physx turned off-confusing unclear fights, esp against those mutants, you cant see any impact of bullets when you shoot them, nor can you see damage on them, so they just keep rushing on you with too high speed und suddenly fall down dead-horrible voice+text synchronisation (german)-strange confusing story, kinda primitive plus too many parties/nations-gas mask is very annoying, esp when broken -> view is limited, you always need enough filters otherwise you die from suffocating and have to restart the level-disappointing sudden ending (there are several but thats the one i had)(-kinda sexist)cant recommend it, glad i bought it when it was heavily reduced in price2033 basically the same"
,Not Recommended,287390,13922986,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,"Падает регулярно. Заставка длинная, пропустить нельзя. Грузится долго, и ещё не факт что успешно. Сейчас вот, походу, сейв побился, и вообще никак грузиться не хочет... Отлаживали эту игру уже очень давно, а что толку? При таких раскладах, имхо, все плюсы игры просто не имеют значения."
,Not Recommended,287390,34306711,Posted: 17 August,all,Terry of the Hintzz,It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
76561198115450935,Not Recommended,287390,21372212,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Crimson Kaiden,"TL;DR - Gameplay and mechanics not as advertised. Don't think Call of Duty; think Splinter Cell.I do not know if this is a good or bad game yet. It was certainly not what I was expecting. I was looking for a game with lots of open combat, smooth controls, and fast paced action. This game is none of those. There are lots of cut scenes, sneaking, and some not so polished controls.I think this game is probably an average (to above average) game, but I am too dissapointed that the game is not what the reviews/tags made the game seem to be. Perhaps I will revist this game later, and be more satisfied with the game for what it actually is. However, for now I won't recommend the game soley because of the huge discrepancy from how it is advertised to what the game actually is."
76561198084807254,Recommended,287390,11931337,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,XENOSIS,Love this game. Redux is well worth the money. I highly recommend these two games to players of the orignals and newcomers alike. You'll get an inmmersive experience with some of the best visuals possible. Explore the metro.
,Recommended,287390,30710499,Posted: 24 March,all,Fratele Gunoi,"this gaem is very cheeki breeki,much♥♥♥♥♥♥such ♥♥♥♥♥,must buy"
76561198321219498,Not Recommended,287390,33243053,Posted: 4 July,all,willjgaming,The church mission is still bugged after all these years
76561198063283414,Not Recommended,287390,26095141,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Wheeple,"Such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, play the entire game without killing anyone and still get the bad ending. Story is  trash and your love interest is so ♥♥♥♥ tarded and forced. it makes no sense to buy this over 2033."
,Recommended,287390,23767337,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ⒼⓐⓨⒷⓞⓘ,"Flawless, Amazing, and breath taking 3/10"
,Not Recommended,287390,27687306,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nass,"I can't say if this game is good or bad, cause i have not played it. My Logitech G13 doesn't work with this game.... Uninstall :)"
,Not Recommended,287390,23195397,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,L'Internationale,"First off, I'm a huge fan of the Metro games, and I love both Metro: 2033 and Metro: Last Light.  My issue here is really with this ""Redux"" version.  I've played the game literally back-to-back with the original version, and, honestly, I don't see how it can be called an improvement -- especially in terms of the graphics.  Aside from the frame-rate being more stable and generally higher on equivalent settings, the graphics are either the same or a downgrade in certain areas.  The colors and lighting seem less dramatic and vibrant, water seems flat and lifeless compared to the water of the original, and the textures actually look more blurry and lower-resolution than some of the textures in the old game.  I don't know if this has to do with the games being designed to play better on consoles or what, but it's just very disappointing to see these shortcomings when I was looking forward to a graphical upgrade (one graphical improvement I really did appreciate, however, is the use of subtle reflections in wallpaint and other glossy surfaces).What makes it even worse is that the Redux version of 2033 was actually really great!  I played that one side by side with the old game and the improvements and changes were obvious and mostly for the better.  This game, on the other hand, is basically useless:  there is absolutely no reason to get this game if you have the original with all the DLC.  However, it is a pretty damn good value to get this on the cheap if you don't have the original, since it does have all the DLC included."
76561198040200052,Not Recommended,287390,29546416,Posted: 28 January,all,^2(A7X) ^0M7modd,"My review for Metro 2033 still applies here. I honestly did not think that the game mechanics could be even more worse, but they are. Suffice to say this game has a good story line, but everything else is just negative especially the engine, and its NOT worth the amount of money it costs. Do not buy this game nor any future installments (I read that there is gonna be one in 2017) unless they use another engine, like unreal 3 or some ****"
76561198096041018,Recommended,287390,22914625,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,787,I played it like it was Half Life 3.Immersion acheved.
,Not Recommended,287390,24404525,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Steady Ed',"It was pretty fun up until IMet the dark one and heard its voice,when that happened, i could not play the game any more. I recomend Metro 2033 more than this though."
76561198114081676,Not Recommended,287390,30780198,Posted: 27 March,all,mduecker,This game sucks.  No matter what I do I can't get the graphics to work correctly.  Don't waste your money on this one.
76561198070182453,Not Recommended,287390,32436233,Posted: 15 June,all,gpaubas,"Only if you like to shoot flesh with eyes. Pse, pse."
76561197996762963,Recommended,287390,15472328,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,LINDINLE,this game makes you feel like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥for what you have done in the past as artyom. but if played right it does lift your spirits with station sections where you can see what life is like in the metro.
76561198019545198,Recommended,287390,28551751,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KFC2BLACK,"Story 10/10Weapon system 10/10Intense shooting 10/10A single player FPS game i spend 30+ hours?11/10Just buy it anytime, make our mother Russia great again with the Dark ones."
76561198133041537,Not Recommended,287390,12616870,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,meakink,"Its a solid game good, i like the stealth that you can employ or the balls to the walls gun fight, however im stuck at one point becasue every time i go to kill this one enemy or by pass him the game shuts down. Once thats fixed ill give this game a reccomendation till then no."
,Not Recommended,287390,12386639,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,dlarenz01,i cnt play this♥♥♥♥♥♥always crashed!
,Not Recommended,287390,12683988,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Eightysevens,"This game plays like a glorified movie walkthrough.The character controls are frequently disconnected from the player, & one is constantly told what to do & where to move by voices of other characters that shout at you (as though the enemy cannot hear them).After 2 hours of play, I had no idea what I was supposed to be doing or what the game was about, never mind the story, (I assume there is one, since there's a pre-amble, but I never figured out what it was.) However I managed to muddle through the first 2 hours completing things I'll never know, since I had almost no idea what I was supposed to be doing other than 'turn left! turn off the light! open the door!' etc, randomly shooting anything that moved that I presumed was an enemy.Very tedious indeed.Graphics are okay."
76561197979109729,Not Recommended,287390,12268597,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,The Underdog,"Same old Game with a twist on the name. Good game just nothing really different than the first ones, except some stupid keys and safes. not impressed seems like a money grab for paying to make the 3rd game."
,Not Recommended,287390,20943857,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,spooky pups,"Pros:Great AtmosphereGreat Character DesignGreat Weapon DesignGreat Environment DesignStealth is funCool storyCons:Fighting mutated enemies isnt funMOVEMENT CONTROLS ARE BEYOND TERRIBLEGame decides to limit movement + certain controls during parts of story for ""muh immersion."" it's moreso annoying.Annoying screen effects that ♥♥♥♥ with contrast, making it hard to seeNo real interaction with the great environments. They're moreso little museum exhibits than real living spaces.Taking any damage makes your screen flash progressively red-er. Carries over to cutscenes for whatever reason.No clear health indicator"
76561197970996330,Not Recommended,287390,13012279,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zeemann,Buggy. Game stops for no reason. In one scene the enemy soldier were just stand as statues
,Not Recommended,287390,24638889,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,martin.zackrisson,"The game has great setting. The world and attention to detail in conveying the feel for the post-apolyptical Moskow is great.  Fighting is generally enjoyable too. So why am I negative?Here's why:* Level design is uninspired and sometimes unneccisarily confusing. When for the third or forth time I have to push/pull/whatever and wait for a minute before elevator/boat/something comes while there's an onslaught of enemies, I get really frustrated. Also, at least one of these makes absolutely no sense whatsoever within the game universe. Who in their right mind would rig a line of bells ringing all around the place when enemies are attracted by noise?* Player-style: The game kind of hints there are alternatives to how you play. Quiet or loud. But really, the way the game ramps up difficulty as the story progresses, it forces you to be non-sneaky (as mentioned above, this is at least sometimes against the game's own premise).* Representation: There's nowhere near a reasonable female to male ratio and those few women that did survive the appoxolypse have insanly wobbly and large breasts. Further, the game thinks it is very smart and clever with this bright and never before seen use of women as sexualized objects.* Story: The lack of representation and fully kills what does start out promising. It's not the only issue I have with it. It doesn't really bring anything new and interesting. Just go here, get caught or similar go somewhere else. Chase some bad people, oops fall down into a monster's den. You all know this story. I must admit I got so fed up with the whole game that I decided it ended about three quarters through where I decided my Artyom died. On the surface. Suffocating. The most suitable ending to a disappointing experience."
,Not Recommended,287390,27289831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Unreal::Brigapes(iChill),"JUST RELEASE MOUSE Y FIX AS A DLC, I DONT ♥♥♥♥ING CARE, JUST FIX IT FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE"
,Recommended,287390,11936175,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CommanderCartmen,"If you don't own the original Last Light, buy this one instead.If you own the last-gen console versions, this is a must play."
,Not Recommended,287390,29211998,Posted: 12 January,all,Br4nd_X_,Game saves revert every time you restart. Impossible to finish.
,Not Recommended,287390,19567744,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,GsG,"Check discussions and never buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs promissed fix a bug with corrupted save files since original game were released, but never care to do that. And this is with a freaking check-point system. 1/10"
76561198001809815,Not Recommended,287390,26369949,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GuardianReflex,A game that think's realism is constant annoyance and crappy screen effects. SO IMMERSIVE!
,Not Recommended,287390,23882899,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,black is back,"The is great and all, but when you get to the garden mission the game will crash that doesn't you to move on. It can't be fix you have to start all over or download some ramdon kid save game from online."
76561197994703425,Not Recommended,287390,32842123,Posted: 26 June,all,Nucleardoom,game is super bugged it likes to crash sometimes on opening game and or playing it at random times i hit the 2 to last lvl and cant get the game to run 10 mins before it fails
,Not Recommended,287390,23353695,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,23Link89,"I have ♥♥♥♥ing had it with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port of a game.It crashes on cutscenes, it currupts game saves, and drives your ♥♥♥♥ing mad.I've validated my files too many times to find out I have to restart because metro last light couldn't work properly, it has ZERO replayabilty value as it crashes way to much to play this game for more than 30 minutes. ♥♥♥♥ing seriously I've crashed less in SPACE ENGINEERS, a game in ♥♥♥♥ing alpha, ♥♥♥♥ING ALPHA, compared to a full ♥♥♥♥ing release. It's too on rails to get creative and can has a boss mid game that is nearly impossible to deafeat as it uses all of your bullets, knives and explosives and still doesn't die.I've created a new game twice now because of curruption, TWICE. To top it all off, this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my 970 using NVidia reccomended settings, I've had to crank setting way down, also when this game does crash, may god have mercy on your ♥♥♥♥ing soul. Because I've had to restart my computer everytime it has crashed because there is no way to look at task manager to end the proccess. I would have refunded it but steam won't let you do that just because it's 'buggy'.I hate this game with a ♥♥♥♥ING buring passion."
,Not Recommended,287390,24703513,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Timecow1 |,crashes on loading screen dont buy this broken game
76561198085391841,Recommended,287390,17010399,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Grossout,Great game. not as creepy as the first metro but still a pleasant experience.
76561198082390772,Not Recommended,287390,30070903,Posted: 20 February,all,Alexander Hooks,I love spending money on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ singleplayer game that only has like 8 hours of gameplay nice! Totally ♥♥♥♥ing scored on this one!
76561198232979232,Not Recommended,287390,31811798,Posted: 17 May,all,Sidetrackx,"This is a good game just like the first one but something about this game just rubs me all wrong!Its like getting a rough hand job, sure you got off in a sense but that vicious burn left behind says you needs someone with finesse to experience satisfaction.This game has fun gunplay but they made alot of bullet resistant things in here, soldiers with armor can tank your bullets taking a whole clip and still standing or can take 5 shotgun blasts, we're talking scrap metal armor not state of the art Dragonskin!Some monsters will do this too, some will just eat your whole clip no armor while there is like 8 of them on your trail, The swamp level is just stupid where you can fall in water and swim to the top to be hit by creatures and the grass is too high to see all the creatures who will attack and a flyingdragon that just eats bullets and drops you on your head wasting your time if you dont die.I will give them credit that stealth feels better here, and the vehicles here are a nice addition but it comes down to this isnt my type of first person shooter, its not a bad game but its not great either!( Get this one on sale or in a bundle, this is worth a playthrough just not at full price.)"
,Recommended,287390,22985347,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ZeDango,No. Redux ruined the story system
76561197960397593,Not Recommended,287390,12846108,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,packer4,"Great game, unplayable on my gtx 980. crashes to desktop."
76561198007182431,Not Recommended,287390,23822820,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alter Ego,"The graphics are good but that's the only positive thing i have to say about this FPS.The game is way too short imo, the gas mask is annoying especially when you're snooping around and get stuck not knowing where to go, the end gameplay is the most boring one ever.Glad i never paid full price, this game is only worth five bucks honestly.."
,Not Recommended,287390,33273105,Posted: 5 July,all,Crabcakes5,"Overall, my experience with this game was mediocre since it very quickly became a confusing game to follow that caused me to experience some motion sickness. I do not recommend this game, but I can see how people may enjoy something like this."
76561198092598187,Not Recommended,287390,33198635,Posted: 3 July,all,Ambrose Furback,"Many things are wrong with this game:- Completely linear play.- Excessive cut scenes.- Illogical plot elements.- Several ""you must find the hidden thing to escape"" levels.- Weird and confusing ending.The stealth/sniper part of the game is fun, but way to many levels where you have just a few seconds before dying.  I found myself just wanting to get this game done with."
,Not Recommended,287390,22950914,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Bailey,Character models are not rendered and appears invisible. If you force it to run in DX 9 it crashes.
76561198016572584,Not Recommended,287390,32819680,Posted: 26 June,all,Epuckop non Patriarch,"not playable on linuxcan't normally save game options and can't play with keyboard/mouse set ...its looks like game was ported to linux without QA , or game working only on old version of linux and not support ubuntu 16+ x64and it with both version of metro ...."
,Not Recommended,287390,32593550,Posted: 20 June,all,Ray P. Daddy,It's very likely you'll face some game breaking bugs.Go for the original and pass this redux nonsens.
76561198113436323,Not Recommended,287390,34963488,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr. Lahey,"This game does not work. It will begin to load and break. Still no fix for it, and it looks like they don't care enough to fix a game they sold."
,Not Recommended,287390,31886751,Posted: 21 May,all,gluetecks,Would be an awesome game if it didn't crash every 5 minutes.I've tried literally everything and couldn't find a solution that worked. Sucks that the devs are making more games when they haven't even fixed the issues with constant crashing on this game.I got it from a humble bundle iirc but I wouldn't buy this at full price.
,Not Recommended,287390,32486847,Posted: 16 June,all,mcscrunter,"Here's a cool mechanic. A filter that runs out so you can't spend as much time as you want finishing outdoor levels.Reach the ferry. Filter is at 0:30. Hit the engine and ferry starts slowly approaching. Filter runs out, die.Respawn at last checkpoint. Frantically run around looking for filters. Die.Try again six times. Finally find a filter. Get 1:30. Run to ferry, get across river. Die.Finally manage to frantically run from ferry to building and pick up another 1:30. Get closer to church. Die.Finally get near church. Out of filter. Die.Sprint through church and find another tiny amount of filter.♥♥♥♥ I might actually make this. See safety right ahead. Boss appears and blocks me. No filter. Die.Fight boss for five minutes and somehow don't die despite having no filter. Kill boss. Instantly die because no filter.Respawn. Back at start of boss fight.Game is basically borked now.I mean the good parts of the game are good, but it's mostly a frustrating mess."
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,287390,25122350,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kuriousjorj,"Another FAIL for this franchise.  Better than the last one, but that's not saying much.Played for a while, some parts were enjoyable, but the rest was annoying.Ended at the Church where it glitches and after killing the bug boss, the rangers keep shooting into the water and won't lay the log across.Will probably uninstall and never buy from this studio again.I think these games wish they were Fallout."
,Not Recommended,287390,11958189,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,melloncollia,Meh...Not that good compared to the other redux.The tank battle at the end ruined the entire expierence.It was so bad... it literally detracted from the rest of the game.
76561197982281357,Not Recommended,287390,33398386,Posted: 9 July,all,Chris [CatinHat],"While the gameplay and storyline is better than that of 2033, it still has many problems.Number of gameplay/software bugs, memory leaks, bad romance story line, etc.Pickup any of the STALKER games, it has better value and non-forced linear maps."
,Not Recommended,287390,32436342,Posted: 15 June,all,lanrutcon,Could we not mess with my camera every time anything happens?
,Not Recommended,287390,26575662,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LittleJayBerry,"Gamebreaking ""Gasmask Filter Glitch"" makes this game utterly salty and unplayable."
76561198039731449,Not Recommended,287390,16315102,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,me and me,"i mean really is this game good?, did anyone noticed the deceived  resolution? did anyone have ever hearded about fear 3? did anyone have ever played the very first one original of the series; metro 2033?i mean even if u change to 1920x1080 the ""stereoscopic 3D"" is in 640x480, just an idiot can't realize he is playing the game at 640x480, it's an absurd!!"
76561198280574066,Not Recommended,287390,23887333,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,beastmaster64,"I have a 4 ghz AMD A8 gaming CPU8 gb of ddr4 RAMan MSI geforce gtx 980tiand i couldnt run it,its super buggy and glitchyit looks stunning at first but then its TERRIBLE, DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT"
76561198161277558,Not Recommended,287390,29073200,Posted: 6 January,all,Kataphraktoi,Typical Triple A storyline on rails shooter campaign. You will progress from one room through a hallway into another room and be fed the storyline one spoonful at a time. Some of these rooms are underground and some rooms take place on the surface but you will certainly never be released from the scripted flow to actually play a game. The survival angle of the game is a thin pretense compared to actual survival games.The graphics looked nice maxed out on my 1060 but i actually found the environments so busy and over cluttered it actually impeded the shooting gameplay.
,Not Recommended,287390,28601918,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BAWB.BAGET,"Terrible mouse speed. The X and Y axis are different speeds. Currently no fix for this so you're left with a slower Y axis and faster X axis. If you try to increase the sensitivity, the speed when aiming becomes even more unplayable and uncontrollable. Even on sale at 3.99, this mouse issue makes it very unplayable."
,Not Recommended,287390,21593059,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,vizual,"""I'll play on hardcore, I'll probably die but I'm not gonna die like a ♥♥♥♥♥""I died a lot,and the game is impossible when you cant keep track of ammo and you run out mid-boss fight."
,Not Recommended,287390,23508078,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Soft,"The game has good gunplay and looks good, but it is extremely linear and boring."
76561198007647046,Not Recommended,287390,24656649,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,benni.berlin,"Well, Last Light is better than 2033 but I hated 2033. I wrote a review for that piece of crap and I won't repeat it here.About Last Light: Yeah, the level design is still bad and I ran into a million invisible walls and there is so much story going on above the actual metro (the worst parts), enemies appear out of thin air and so on but I enjoyed at least some parts of the game (unlike in 2033) but the story really falls apart during the last third of the game and the gameplay too becomes very tedious. It makes absolutely no sense and anybody who thinks that this game has a good story is an idiot for whom even Tom Clancy might be too elevated.Two thirds of the game are enjoyable but stupid but that can be forgiven (The game isn't based on one of the original books. I read the first one which becomes repetitive and dull very fast. There is always the next station which Artyom leaves almost immediatly and the next guy who helps and then dies for example spoiler spoiler spoiler. Khan)because the source material is already bad.I bought both games in weak moment and will regret it for the rest of my life !Second worst (after 2033) ego shooters I have played so far and I have played some pretty bad ones."
76561198123013934,Not Recommended,287390,24843608,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Get Spooked,"It was a really fun game to play and I enjoyed the story, but the game is way too short. Also the game looked more open world, but don't let that fool you it is not. For $20 (or even $5 when on sale) you can get so many more games that have more playability and  will offer you more fun for a longer period of time. I think you would be better off with left 4 dead or Hotline Miami."
,Recommended,287390,17561245,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TheSFire,A short but fun campaign and really did an outstanding job with graphics
,Not Recommended,287390,28678043,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MR.R0B0T,Same as my review for Metro 2033: Redux. 2.5/5 Stars.
76561198295578255,Not Recommended,287390,28863085,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,overcooked.doggo,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,287390,32386683,Posted: 13 June,all,BluShine,"I loved Metro 2033, but hated this one. Gameplay isn't changed much, but the levels and enemies were far worse.Indoor sections felt limited: every area can basically be boiled-down into: ""two hallways, connected by vents/doors. When you see a guy in hallway A, sneak through hallway B to kill him."" This also makes it pretty boring during firefights: crouch behind cover, wait for an enemy to try and flank/charge you, and take them out.Outdoor sections were empty. Creatures seemed to just be placed randomly out in the open, where you could easily pick them off without ever being in much danger.The enemy variety is a huge step back from 2033. There's some new ""shrimp"" monsters that are basically identical to the standard nosalis except they can swim. You won't find any new, interesting stuff like the blobs or librarians from the first game.They also decided to add terrible boss fights for some reason.The story also seemed like a step back. The weird, mysterious supernatural stuff is mostly gone. No ghost trains, creepy shadow ghosts, deadly anomalies, etc. There's some flashbacks and some dream sequences with the Dark Ones, but it's just cutscenes. The characters only seem to exist to tell you where you need to go, or tell you how terrible the world is. There's none of the interesting world building or philosophical discussions from 2033.Even if Metro 2033 was one of your favorite FPS games, you might want to skip Last Light."
76561198175459590,Not Recommended,287390,31420348,Posted: 28 April,all,covfefe,wont open missing executable wtf pls help
,Not Recommended,287390,31365026,Posted: 25 April,all,Adecool,"When i first started playing this game, i was really impressed by how immersive the world was, and how much effort was put into making the underground society feel like a living breathing world. The FPS gameplay was also really good, but the game suffers from one serious issue that really kills the immersive exeprience and turns everything into a frustrating chore.The developers give you absolutely NO sense of direction when it comes to level design. Most of the time you are simply dropped into a massive maze, and expected to simply know where you're supposed to go or what you're supposed to do next. This is a HUGE issue for a game that often requires you to race against the clock in order to not run out of oxygen and DIE. Some people might call this a challenge, but in a linear FPS the only challenge should be killing things before they kill you, not trying to figure out what button you need to press or what specific direction you need to move towards in order to progress.The game will even purposefully screw you over by presenting false pathways that lead to dead ends or random boss-like enemies that don't need to be killed just so you can waste your ammo or waste your time and eventually come to a point where you can no longer progress without starting all over because your resources have been wasted.The game also pretends to be difficult by simply not providing the player with enough equipment or ammo to progress in the game. Even the hardest of the hardest games will allways give the player a bunch of ammo before a major battle. Metro literally just says ""f**k you"" by LOCKING you into areas that have NO ammo and a TUN of enemies (via checkpoints) so when you run out of ammo you have to start the entire level all over again. I shouldnt have to stop in the middle of playing a game and think ""a few minutes from now i am going to die and theres nothing i can do about it so i better quit"". Its unacceptable. The game also frequently freezes my computer.If it wasn't for the god awful level design, the ridiculous absense of ammunition in a game where you are literally shooting monsters and a devious checkpoint system that seems to be designed to screw the player over, i would have reccomended this as a solid FPS, but because of these issues i feel like i have wasted my money on an extremely boring and unnecessarily frustrating game."
,Not Recommended,287390,31131178,Posted: 14 April,all,Cardassia Did Nothing Wrong,"There's a bug in this that was also in the original, where the ammo in your gun randomly changes to Military Grade Rounds (which is your currency) without warning. I've had this problem occur half a dozen times. If it has been around this long and they've refused to fix it, or fix it in the original too might I add, then I don't recommend this game. Developers who don't patch and fix their games out of bugs (which I've known has persisted for over a year) don't deserve your finacial support."
,Not Recommended,287390,24971762,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,§ÅⅰÑ†  萧 骏 杰 Chr¡s,"This game runs in a very jerking manner and bright is always too bright and dark is too dark. The maps are way much smaller than CS:GO and there is not much time to explore. There are also too little to explore in the game and very little exciting momnets of the game. The game is slow to accept that you hit your targets and quick to give damage to the player. Most things are recycled from Metro 2033 redux.The developer, 4A games are immoral and will thumb down honest review to oppress us. 4A games will never improve but take revenge aganist to those who feedback to him. This is why I prefer COD to it, honestly."
,Not Recommended,287390,29503799,Posted: 26 January,all,The Phantom,"A lot of people say this has a great story, well I never got to experience it due to having to change filters every 12 seconds just after picking up 3 for me this game was a bag of ♥♥♥♥♥ there was too much hassle and forced me to unistall I got this on sale so I'm not complaining too much but honestly not an enjoyable game for me too bad the most difficult part was like 4 hours in so I can't refund it but I guess its whatever regretting buying this instead of 2033. 5/10 for me it had its moments but the swamp part ruined the whole game for me. Would recommend on sale but for $20 in my opinon there's far better games. Pick up 2033 instead."
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,287390,28896951,Posted: 1 January,all,mattgroom,1. too short (24 hour game)2. only buy on massive discount. 80%
,Not Recommended,287390,29082273,Posted: 7 January,all,Ogden,gfgfg
,Not Recommended,287390,11916137,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Riley de la Croix,Fix the crashing. Then I'll be happy.
,Not Recommended,287390,11906731,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,LeftBoost,"Game crashes if you alt+tab, after that I can't even lounch the game. Hope for soon fix."
76561197995282423,Not Recommended,287390,11897596,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Mormon_Jesus,damn this is sad. the old last worked. the redux causes graphic card crashes after 30 secs. after it worked for 2 hours now it wont run for more then a few mins befor crashes. no one online seems to know why or how to fix it. totaly  bummed.
,Not Recommended,287390,33894960,Posted: 29 July,all,Dumb Bunny,i feel bad for russia why are they so radioactive all the damn time smh
,Not Recommended,287390,11977936,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,OBELIX:(,"After playing 17 hours of metro and 8 hours of last light i uninstalled the whole shabang!There is no ""vast open world"" there are silly boundaries even invisible ones.This game takes over the controls many times by means of not beeing able to run/jump/shoot/crawl/etc.The cutscenes are more than plenty, the eye candy is reasonably but leaves the game with the light redux version.Your forced into the next level without beeing able to go back a room to pick up items you left there. cutscenes start when you touch a doorknob and your captured or door slams shut behind you or something.there are also some annoying bugs present in both versions, the first part does crash to desktop if you want to play a level from start (since you die of not having enough filters) but also sometimes randomly in the middle of a cutscene or was i shooting? cant tell! and the second part moves my character around to correct the oncomming cutscenes.jumping on the logg in the swamp (for the shrimp fight) flips me back to the dry-land but the (yet another) cutscene has started with the shrimp climbing on the logg e.g. so i flip onto the logg back in a second to be cutscened off it again. was it all bad? since i totally played 25 hours? well between the cutscenes there were some small parts i did like. but NO not worth the half tank of gas i payed for it. perhaps its build for console players (press E rapidly) wtf? seems like i bought this game based on nice cutscenes and hey guess what!? thats exactly what i got!"
,Not Recommended,287390,33154459,Posted: 2 July,all,Johnny Drama,"This game has the exact same problems like Metro 2033. It's basically the same game on other maps with some features being a little bit improved and some features are even worse.Pros:- good graphics (after using reshade)- a little bit more open levels- good atmosphere- a little bit better scripted than Metro 2033Cons:- heavily scripted- horrendous AI- absolutely no replayability- difficulty is completly messed up between levels and enemies (most of the time too easy, then moments when you just get spammed with demons)So I only recommend this game if you like very linear heavily scripted FPS. Get it only when 75%++ off. Really sad that they wasted so much potential."
76561198131051048,Not Recommended,287390,35131153,Posted: 22 September,all,Kaosfisk,"This game is super-nice.EXCEPT ONE THING THAT REALLY MAKES THIS GAME IDIOTIC AND PISSES ME OFF TO THE POINT I ALMOST DONT WANT TO PLAY IT ANYMORE:GASMASK MECHANICS.What the ♥♥♥♥? Is it supposed to be ""fun"" to fight the clock and find gasmask filters all the time? Its ♥♥♥♥ING BORING and UNREALISTIC. Normal gasmask filters last hours. Not 2 minutes.IDIOTIC.I would not have bought this game if I knew about the gasmasks.  SERIOUSLY."
76561197979851421,Not Recommended,287390,11885219,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Edacity,"I bought this game as part of the Redux pack and it won't open for me at all.  I see this is a common problem on the forums, I would recommend not buying this game at all, I feel like I've wasted $50 since I can't even load either game."
,Not Recommended,287390,11910459,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Odhis the Spooky Skellington,"GAME IS BROKEN - DO NOT BUYNot even 20 minutes into the game (maybe 5 minutes of controlling your character) and the game crashes to desktop with no warnings or notifications or anything.Don't be scammed by valve allowing broken software onto their market.EDIT:  Nearly a whole year later, and that original game breaking bug is fixed, hooray!  Now we get into the meat and potatoes:  It's still a horrifyingly buggy pile of garbage, and quite frankly if you're really invested in Metro 2033's story (you would have disregarded the game given that it skews off the book within 5 mintues but I digress), just pretend this game never existed.As for gameplay:-Badly suffers CoD disease, wherein there's so many scripted events and cutscenes you have 0 control over despite the game easily being able to let you control it.-Hilariously badly scripted moments.  I let the game run for half an hour while Pavel was hanging to see if it would give me mission failed.  Nope.  He's got a titanium neck, he'll never die.-Forced romance and BOUNCING BOOBIES WITH HORRIFICLY CHEESEY JIGGLE PHYSICS!  BECAUSE WHY NOT -- like...  Why?  Why the hell would you hamfist in such pointless things? The fact that it feels like it's literally tacked on just for the sake of having in boobs is so childish it's not even funny.-Voices: If you're not playing with the russian voices, enjoy having so much cheesey accents breaking into plain american accents at times, and at worst, speaking bloody polish instead of russian.Overall 4/10 at least the shootbang is good when it works.  Good luck getting it to work though!  Don't bother at all if you've got the original last light."
76561198243354118,Not Recommended,287390,23133742,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,rainerluck,Graphics are ok but the Game sucks in that one is unable in saving incremental progress. Ones you get killed off you got to start all over with the same level. Such a time waster. it really takes the joy out of the game. I wished these Game developers will learn that one likes to save a game and not having to re play it all over again. The other part i did not like is that you have no way of escaping in some arenas where you get ripped to shreds. The story line is too long. > Just get on with theGame! Fallout is much better in that regard.Save your money on this one.
,Not Recommended,287390,30827865,Posted: 29 March,all,electroClassic,no
,Not Recommended,287390,28613367,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Homuya [GER],"A game with alot of potencial and so much lacking that the majority of FPS do better, as if the creators never played a first person shooter with tactic.You cant even lean to the sides in a game as tactical as this, wow, thats the most basic feature that isn't in.Important HUD missing (what rounds is my gun using?). You can select your weapons at the start and its not saying that either.Scripts and linear level design break the immersion pretty much, however, its LARGELY better than in the first game where you were with an AI that could literally solo everything by himself (for example you had to defend infront of a door and the invulnerable AI could just kill anyone and meele anyone to death while you could sit back, Triple A quality right there)However, the linearity is often still there and the scripts and quick time events are incredible awful, they´re not bad but its just nothing good to have because player want to play the game themselves, not be forced in whatever script that is teleporting you arround.You also got some super hard ranger mode that is great (if it would be free like in the first game, it is now in redux but I just have to mention that it wasn't in the original and was there as a damn DLC for simple HUD removing, wow, WOW..that came for free in the first Metro and anyone could just mod it like that, good job)The Ranger mode is seriously great though, it also has a hardcore mode that just breaks the game cause you never know when quicktime events come cause the HUD is not there, you cant switch in your weapon inventory anything anymore cause it just not showing, great mode 10/10 pls never have design decisions againApart from all that, the tactical awfulness (it still works out but its just so lacking), the dumb linear levels apart from some areas which is a big improvement from the first game, also no more escort missions yay but overall its sadly still present in combination with the dumb scripts that break every immersion its actually good for the sake of the story and atmosphere, even if the voice acting is at times really dumb. Story, Graphics and Music is what this game has but anything else is simply lacking, it still works but it has serious flaws and some is even game breaking if you ever want more than an arcade-shooter. Why having stuff like the ranger mode that focuses on immersion and realism only to break it all down with missing tactical options and dumb scripts in a rather linear world?So to make it short: Today its cheap af so that is at least worth something so you wont regret that but dont expect any awesome gunplayTo give you a serious recommendation: play S.T.A.L.K.E.R - Far better in almost every aspect with mods (like Misery) open world survival horror with a better overall atmosphere (well, honestly, its a different setting with strong similarities so I think its an opinion thing here) and great tactical options and gameplay. Though even with mods the graphics are of course not the best but more-than-acceptable, things look like things should simply, not overly fancy but beyond the point of how it is supposed to look."
,Not Recommended,287390,11960639,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SkipperSFMcDs,"If you saw my previous review for Metro 2033 redux, then you know why I cannot recommend this game. I cannot with a clear mind say that this game is worth it if you have the same setup as me, unless you want to not see the guys shooting you, don't want to see walls, don't even want to see most of the game. I don't know on this one if I'm the only one having the problem, but from what I can tell from some of the complaints for the redux of Metro 2033, its either a realitivly new problem or its just a really small case. Either way, I feel like I wasted 50 dollars, and I would like to say unless your fine with only seeing probably half the game? Go on and buy it, play it, so on and so forth, otherwise wait for a patch. Once more, it saddens me to not be able to play this game, but my sadness is easily replaced by anger when I could've gotten something else I know would've worked rather than thinking it would and finding out after I bought the game it doesnt."
76561198080184122,Not Recommended,287390,11926639,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,maniac,Game is fun but way too short.
76561198094296752,Not Recommended,287390,31528111,Posted: 3 May,all,Orangutan,"MIld spoilersI played a few hours of Metro 2033 before starting Last Light and haven't read any of the books. I am not familiar with this universe and its character so here are my thoughts exclusively on the game Metro: Last Light. Since I played this game in 2017 and considering the game is a few years old by now, I will try to be considerate.Gameplay 1/5First person story driven game. Most of the game takes place underground between metro tunnels and stations. If you don't like claustrophobic settings, stay away from this. What I expect from a game like this: good mechanics, decent AI, great weapon feel and some level of interesting story. What did I actually get? Not much sadly. The weapons don't feel great when I compare it to even older games such as Crysis. AI is horrendously stupid.Story 1/5Okay...The post-apocalyptic plot involves metro nazis, aliens, mutated dogs and crabs in radioactive environment, some deadly virus, communism and metro politics... What???Level Design 1/5As I said, most levels are based in underground metro tunnels and so its almost dark all the time. When you do go out in occassions, you get a very limited area to explore. Few things that threw me off: When you fall in water, you can't manoeuvre. Instead, you just emerge on the land at the point where you dived in. Second: When you try to go slightly off-limits in the outside, you die by some un-explained radioactive waves.Characters 1/5To me, what makes the characters interesting: good character arcs, some level of development, some back-story and good voice acting. What this game has: No single character that I gave a damn about. The voice acting is terrible and the facial expressions are non-existent.Replayability 1/5The game does give you some options to choose from to make your story. But I have no idea what impact does it have on the ending. I just don't care enough to find out.Overall 1/5Not recommending this one. There is a new Metro game coming out in 2017. Hoping that it fixes the flaws this game had."
76561198052387207,Not Recommended,287390,28548704,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ColoradoChillin,Nowhere near as atmospheric and good as the original. Didn't want to keep playing.
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,287390,30055623,Posted: 20 February,all,PhanTasM,"this game did not age well,.. ... lol what a hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥lol."
,Not Recommended,287390,14737648,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,SpartanInaho00,wow just literally bought the redux this morning at regular price...now is sale I want a refund.
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,287390,33563266,Posted: 15 July,all,Nemoto,bad game
76561198044983601,Not Recommended,287390,32475846,Posted: 16 June,all,Chet Donnelly,"this game is terrible.♥♥♥♥♥♥ grafx, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story.pure♥♥♥♥♥♥enjoy throwing grenades at your face."
76561198023212206,Not Recommended,287390,24230339,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BaronVonGandalf,TOTAL RUBBISH
,Not Recommended,287390,29213055,Posted: 12 January,all,__GooSE__,"REVIEW NOTE: I am a father, in my mid 30's and have been gaming since 1986. As an older gamer my time is limited, all to often I dont finish agame, even if other sites rate them super high. Why? Because as a professional and a father my time i simportant so I game has to be extra special to take me aweay from family and work.Bought it super on sale because of price and great reviews. Didn't make it past 3rd level. Why? FPS genre ia getting well old now, very little new to the field much like any other game. Very pretty though but not optimise to run smooth even on high end machines."
76561198203467614,Not Recommended,287390,25509993,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ENEMY SPOTTED,pretty boring
76561197997622610,Not Recommended,287390,13174867,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,vand3537,"Game crashes at a loading screen.  It appears that many players have had this problem, and nothing is being done about it.  I blame Putin"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,287390,26034935,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,Crash on startupTry to find the fixFound lots of other players who didn't find out a fix yet at the discussion foruns.
76561198108158163,Not Recommended,287390,30763730,Posted: 26 March,all,Sexual Potatoe,ES UNA ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,287390,24806346,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,HappyJohn,It's pretty bad
,Not Recommended,287390,28774437,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,grandtheftautoonline,hang in there stefan!haha﻿(subscribe to my youtube channel  braxterverse ) :)))))))))))))
76561198202562212,Not Recommended,287390,32753072,Posted: 24 June,all,Dovoski,"I'm one hour into this game, I just finished the last one.Big surprise: THEY'RE THE SAME GOD !@#$ GAME!Consult my review on Metro: 2033 for this game since they're identical.No wait they changed ONE thing: You only get two guns, not three(Of course the c---u---n---t---s were too lazy to take it off the option menu.I don't think I will ever understand why anybody likes this series, there is nothing redeemable about either game.My opinions may change as I suffer through the rest of this game, but I have my doubts.P.S. I'm only writing this review because the game crashed one hour in.Update: This game is so terrible, so glitchy, so beyond reason and so sloppy a production that I'm going to even waste the time finishing it. It is by far the worst game I've ever played. But rather than list the many terrible factors in this game, I'll just say this, it is an overated piece of trash that equates to any cheap game they make off a movie, except this time it was a book and someone deserves to be shot for making it."
76561198025031193,Not Recommended,287390,23762543,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dysphonix,Mac Nvidia bug was never fixed. Boo..
,Recommended,287390,11868725,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Shitty Anime Lover,game is purty 10/10
,Not Recommended,287390,12559985,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The NOOBIFIER 1337,SUXKS
76561197991717407,Not Recommended,287390,22900955,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tribal-Tremors,"In short, this plays terribly on my AMD and feels dated in general."
76561198090909579,Not Recommended,287390,23783392,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CS Titaniccooler12™,it does not load on mac osx as soon as i open it the deep silver logo pops up and my game crashs
76561198065365512,Not Recommended,287390,33117270,Posted: 1 July,all,XxTheLoneWandererxX,"The game looks great, I can see a lot of it past the invisible character models and invisible mutants."
,Not Recommended,287390,31956703,Posted: 25 May,all,bsd,"I thought the story had a cool premise but failed to deliver. Dialogue was badly written and gameplay wasn't very fun. I also think that the game's treatment of female characters (character? there was only one lol) is worthy of criticism aswell. The first game was better, and I didn't like that one too much either. The game is very well optimised and the graphics look very good though,"
76561197988558829,Not Recommended,287390,30276349,Posted: 2 March,all,McLovin,Piece of crap won't run above 5 fps on mac
,Not Recommended,287390,30322776,Posted: 4 March,all,KACPERSKY ♛,♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thats all i gotta say bout this game. Played it some time ago and now its crashing and there is no fix.
76561198145273834,Not Recommended,287390,22837710,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,src2joha,Do not buy this POS game it is a tipe off
,Not Recommended,287390,26018930,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,HedsBgon,"This game is more about watching video matinees. Not much shooting. When you finally get a chance to kill something, if you kill them quickly then here we go again, more videos. It almost makes you not want to kill."
,Recommended,287390,23808211,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hobbs2000,good  ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์  game
76561197976688825,Recommended,287390,30415522,Posted: 9 March,all,Bork,Great game. the Redux is just 1 more reason to play it.
76561198144621995,Recommended,287390,30396865,Posted: 8 March,all,autoHUN,MUST BUY
,Recommended,287390,30361261,Posted: 6 March,all,BerunoBolado,"A very good russian themed gamealso boobies, alot of boobies"
,Recommended,287390,30054405,Posted: 20 February,all,25th_Gamer,PROS:Good StoryNice GameplayGood StealthGood gunplayGood GraphicsNice OptimizationNice SoundsGood DlcEngaging storyBoth Main story and DLC are engagingMain Story and DLC Provides longer playtimeCONS:Bad replay ValueComplicated Moral PointsRating 8.5/10
76561198009274589,Recommended,287390,30390219,Posted: 8 March,all,Umbasa,"I very much recommend to any action/adventure shooter lovers out there.In short, the game has great graphics, the guns feel BEEFY POWERFUL, the atmosphere is very immersive and spooky (in some instances, my hairs were on end early on in the game), and the story is really good! If this game goes on sale for $10 or $5, it's one of the best deals on Steam! Intense and very well made game, highly recommend!I don't know if there was anything I didn't like about this game... Maybe more gazongas and badonkadonks would've been nice. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561197973636349,Recommended,287390,18386454,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Zeal,"TLDR: For a budget game it certainly was fun. Worth a look on sale.It's a basic on rails game with a decent, if sometimes bizarre storyline. I've yet to read the book, but I am tempted after playing this game.Pros:- Good story- Decent enough graphics- Can do parts stealth or all guns blazingCons:- Sometimes the world won't let you do things that might make sense (i.e invisible walls), it becomes a bit frustrating  when you can't do basic stuff.- Some of the monsters seem to jump about, almost like there is a stuttering (but there isn't), meaning its often a bit random where you hit them. There is no real reward for being accurate, as with the exception of humans who at least move a bit more consistently, most of the monster just randomly come towards you in the level.- Sometimes its overly scripted- it's quite short - it took less than 8 hours of gameplay to finish, and I think some of my time was spent sitting at the main menu screen- It crashed randomly twice during a play through, normally after a painful fightIt's worth it when on sale...."
,Recommended,287390,17089995,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JustBeibs,Really great game to get if you like horror action survival games.The first game was amazing and the second one Last Light is even betteri alwasy thought that secuals are worse but in the metro games last light redux is the bestThe dlc is is really cool also so i recomend this game 10/10isnt good to play on a potato btw if you have  a problem of peeing your pants then dont get this (;
,Recommended,287390,16931056,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,pizzaboy043,it a good and fun game
76561198100022670,Recommended,287390,16934109,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,thedeviousturd,"metro last light was more ""fun"" than 2033 but not better in my opinion. both are great games that keep you playing just to see who beats you up and captures you next. its a great series."
76561198043537931,Recommended,287390,16947766,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dpc,Even better than Metro 2033 Redux.
,Recommended,287390,16952948,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tabulation,If you dug Metro 2033 you'll dig this. A+
76561198044164342,Recommended,287390,17396402,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,renen,very nice game!!
,Recommended,287390,17399175,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Brentius Caeterson,"Add 80% Metro 2033, 10% Nazis and 10% Communists, and you get Metro: Last Light.I recommend it."
,Recommended,287390,12028746,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dr.TongueTingler,"2nd best game all the years, but with all the DLC free and uh.. not much else."
76561198019041907,Recommended,287390,11980836,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Runnerblank,"GOTY edition of a great game with some very nice visual and gameplay enhancements.Might not be worth it if you already own it and have all the DLC, but Metro 2033 Redux was totally worth it.Ranger Mode is a lot more playable and it really does look great with a rocksolid FPS.Devs did a great job on these two and I can't wait to see what the next Metro will be like!"
,Recommended,287390,11981405,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Raven,"I liked the original Metro Last Light, therefore I like this Metro Last Light...Mostly because it's practically an exact copy of the original Metro Last Light...Oh, except you have keys now... Keys to safes I cannot find...And it's not like they're not there, they're all over in the other game...Aside from that, it's a cheaper version of the first MLL with all the DLC bundled... Not really worth buying if you have the original, but if you're new to the franchise, get this one over the original... Why? BECAUSE"
76561198100934650,Recommended,287390,12017641,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,jimmeny,This game is amazing.  The combat is fun (feels similar to far cry 3 a littlebit) and the setting is atmospheric (like fallout 3). However it is not open world-it is pretty linear-but it is still extremely engaging!  I love this game and reccomend it to anybody who can buy it! (dont let metascore fail you!)
76561197961860435,Recommended,287390,11963448,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Whyte.Oni,"Metro 2033 was great, but Last Light takes it up another notch with a more engaging story, more polish, and a few more guns. This tiem there is a definite push towards gun fights, instead of an emphasis on sneaking to avoid danger. Even the levels have more variety with tunnels, stations, a prison, and of course the desolate wastes of the surface.As with it's predecessor, there are Nazis to kill. Never enough Nazi killing.9/10"
76561198095452773,Recommended,287390,11964589,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,mikew,"Metro Last Lite is a masterpiece and well thought of story line and atmosphere, can't deny!  Highly recommend for anyone who's into apocalyptic fps sci fi's. Btw you might experiece a few bugs in the beginning intro but soon or later it will be fixed."
76561198019911423,Recommended,287390,11890853,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,dmush,"Its fun, immersive, challenging and everything needed to make a great franchise. Just make sure you have a 64-bit computer"
76561198146735859,Recommended,287390,11969787,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,cloudguan,"Seriously one of my favourite series of PC games. The Metro Redux is not only an update, it is far more than that. With the top notch graphics, sound and story, it is absolutely a must have on PC, even if you have played the original games."
,Recommended,287390,19235736,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fenix#6913,good story
76561198124507644,Recommended,287390,19229443,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ClaymoreKyle,If you are a fan of post-apocolyptic games or story driven games and have not played the Metro series you are missing out on a truly unique experience.
76561198105644261,Recommended,287390,19229736,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,-=Pvt. Parts=-,">throwing knife to leg = instakill>nobody screams when stabbed in the gut>""probably just the wind""... in a ♥♥♥♥ing metro>everyone being blind mole people10/10 realism"
76561198107327524,Recommended,287390,19230510,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Danielbball,"Great overall game. Good story (besides ending, was a bit of a let down to me), great graphics, and even better gameplay. The astmosphere is this game is truly amazing and very immersive. Love the stealth elements and the great characters. I picked this game up for 5 dollers on sale and I reccomend you do the same!"
,Not Recommended,287390,19230829,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cuthbert Hornstein,The game freezes and now my save won't even load. It seems like a good sequel to Metro 2033 but I don't recommend buying a game that doesn't work properly. Shame really.
76561198112055059,Recommended,287390,19219633,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gonzbai,Just completed the game. I highly recommend this game. I was such a nice journey as Artyom.
,Recommended,287390,19209799,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ploq tacku,"Metro: Last Light Redux is the sequel to one of my favorite games, Matro 2033 Redux (The 'Redux' in the title just means better optimized, better looking, etc.). Metro 2033 was a perfectly paced, good-looking, easy to figure out game. Last Light is half that, but still a good game. When I played 2033, I had little to no issue finding what I needed to find. In Last Light, I found myself watching tutorials on what to do and where to go. Some of the battles in 2033 were sort of tedious, but nothing I couldn't handle. In Last Light, I found myself dying over and over again in INSANELY difficult battle scenes, not knowing where the enemies were or being overwhelmed. Granted, that may just be because I'm bad, but I still should not have had THAT much of an issue on Normal difficulty.Metro: Last Light is a great game. If I were to compare it to Metro 2033, I'd recommend 2033 only because it's easier to understand and the plot is longer. I bought both games for $7.49, so I can't complain either way."
76561198060807434,Recommended,287390,19193404,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,dave.middlebrook,"Excellent graphics, storyline and game play."
,Recommended,287390,19193590,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,สเหริมไฉยยย,Well
,Recommended,287390,19175424,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,soapaelearea,A good sequel to the original Metro game. The atmosphere is amazing
76561198280529756,Recommended,287390,30619361,Posted: 19 March,all,Sangkala Wira,Very nice Game Keep it Up
76561197979964107,Recommended,287390,19213877,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,I Can't Shot,I kept putting off buying this game for some reason.  Now I have no clue why.  Really enjoyed the story and the gameplay.  Too linear for me to give it a full nine/ten out of ten but this is a solid game that's worth buying anytime it's on sale!
,Recommended,287390,19107429,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lil Uzi Vert,"I got this game during the time it was on sale for 5 dollars, I would have really wished I played the first game to completion, but for not knowing the full story of the Dark Ones, the game does a very good job of telling you the story.  This game will cause you to be angry at some points when you are getting swarmed by enemies (and i was playing on the easiest difficulty and still getting rekt) but that adds more fun to the game.  Out of all of the games I have played since I have been gaming throughout my life, this game has definitely made it on my top 10 favorite games because of how immersive and amazingly designed it is.  If you are thinking of buying this game, take it from everyone else, buy it!!!"
,Recommended,287390,19120278,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,HI IM JAMES,"Good game, graphic too."
,Recommended,287390,19123584,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mountaineer12,"Story feels stretched out and boss fights take too long. Besides that, a fun astmospheric shooter that required one to be conservative with their ammo. Although linear, you'll explore many interesting places on your journey."
76561198049549313,Recommended,287390,19106235,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,"Luke, The Butt Guy",gimme dat pusy
,Recommended,287390,19105680,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,sibirac,"Good game to kill time.You can choose the type of game you would like to play.not so lasting game, finished in 10hours... (can be done even a lot quicker)Not scary at all though :/"
,Recommended,287390,19111938,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Chawza,"Perfect gameplay, perfect graphic, perfect storyline, atmospheric sounds and musics, intense combat system. Everyting is perfect. really recommend this game both 2033 and last night 9.5 / 10 would play again for heart attack simulator."
,Recommended,287390,19246885,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,noobkid320,"So, I have played all of the Metro games starting from 2033 to Last Light, and then I played both redux versions in that same order. I have also played only Last Light on Linux (more specifically, xUbuntu 15.10 using most up to date proprietary tested nvidia driver).I want to make a note that there is a huge performance difference on the same hardware with the linux and windows versions. Not surprisingly the linux version is not graphically optimized, even with vsync on I am getting huge tearing. Also 16x filtering is still very jagged and highest settings on linux do not come close to highest settings on windows. I should also mention that with the same graphic settings I was getting a consistant getting 30-35 fps in windows and in linux I would get anywhere from 17-24fps.For those of you with GTX cards dont let this scare you, I am testing this only with a single nVidia gt 750m, if you have a better card than that then the linux version might be very well playable for you.I think that 4a needs to do a lot of tweaking to the linux release of the game before its as smooth as the windows version."
,Recommended,287390,19264750,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,HausMaus,"Just like the previous Metro game (2033), this is one of the most atmosphere and story rich games I've ever played. It is a bit more action packed and faster paced than 2033, which some fans might not like (the survival horror atmosphere is much less prominent here), but story-wise it makes sense since Artyom is now a real ranger and has access to Sparta's weapon arsenal. Great gem of a game."
,Recommended,287390,19141764,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,devinrrod,"This game will run you about 8-12 hours. For me personally It took me 10 hours to complete the campaign. For what this game is, it's really nice. Running this game in HD 1080p maxed out is really nice. That's probably the best way to play it. But hell, even with textures turned down this game is pretty amazing. One thing I can say to you is explore when possible. Checking a extra door might hold new things for you. This game also is pretty damn creepy at times. And has A FEW jump scares, which in all honesty is nothing all to bad really. Just don't be scared is all I can say. Enjoy it, it's an amazing game.Personal Rating: 9/10This thing this game lacks in is character developement. I feel like I did not get to know the main character all that well. Sense he does not talk any, only in journals between cuts. I feel that just really did not give me much insight onto him as I would have liked. But that's just me."
76561198055469309,Recommended,287390,19152232,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Caspy403,"Loved this game. It's buggy and the morality system is garbage, but the intense gameplay and hostile atmosphere really drew me in."
76561198057044382,Recommended,287390,19135163,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Turnips,If you like Post-apocalyptic FPS games then you should like Metro Last Light. This game is a sequal to Metro 2033. I recommend playing Metro 2033 first as Metro Last Light will spoil some of the metro 2033 story Line but if you dont care about the story then start with this game.
76561198255299702,Recommended,287390,19159571,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,g0mp,awesome game
76561198106058612,Recommended,287390,19229289,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,wii_or_will,"Went to Venice. Spent all my money on lap dance, got bad ending.10/10 would spend all my money on lap dance again."
,Recommended,287390,19242032,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,undead #2,Excelente!!!!
76561198050764935,Recommended,287390,19045751,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,vahanm01,"Graphics, physics, atmosphere, story, and gamplay are all amazing. Highly recommend.Runs amazing on older hardware."
,Recommended,287390,19044870,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,The Croatoan,"Good story , good mechanics, but a lil low quality graphics (more than enough for a 10 gb game)Verdict : get it asap"
,Recommended,287390,19052027,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,WarWolf,One of the best post apocalyptic simulators out there yet. Accurately depicts how the nature of humans would probably never change. Play it. Now.
,Recommended,287390,19065188,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,NO2MEN,good
,Recommended,287390,30605957,Posted: 18 March,all,afk,Dimitri the original russian meme.
,Recommended,287390,19039109,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Viceroy,Playing in the middle of the day: 7.5/10Playing at 3 am in the pitch black and volume full blast in headphones: 10/10
,Recommended,287390,19354679,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SoeySosz,i've seen so much ♥♥♥♥♥s on this game
76561198038677251,Recommended,287390,19354002,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,NaZQ8,russia is love... russia is life... but the life take place in the underground.anyone who enjoyed the first will enjoy this one.*the good:+nice shooting+good story+BOOBS AND NUDE+the atmosphere gonna take you in+jumpscares+vodka+two endings*the bad:- you missed alot of sales dude get it now:)
,Recommended,287390,19405948,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Revarx,"What a great game, the story is really cool, mobs are amazing, guns are sweet, and..... IT'S RUSSIAN!!!Putin/10"
,Not Recommended,287390,19421141,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Stickyreiss,Game constantly crashed and eventually corrupted my save 10 hours in.
76561197970518805,Recommended,287390,19427105,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zen,"well i bought this game when it was on sale and even for its normal price u are going to get a great environmental and story rich shooter, at first i thought it might be all demons and monsters to kill but there are amazing shootouts and a great but difficult stealth system integrated, i would recomend this game to anyone who likes FPS, im especially skilled at FPS and it took me 17 hours to complete normal mode and there are 4 difficulties all together. the game was much like ""Rage"" but focusing more on a stealth and FPS environment. hands down 4.5 / 5"
76561198169451141,Not Recommended,287390,19376282,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,blobgorg,Pros: very immersive and great story line complimented by beautifull visualsCons: buggy pile of garbage an excuse for a port should not be on the steam store
,Recommended,287390,19405133,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,minyapaur,Awesome game and well optimized.  Make sure to get this version rather than the old one because this one runs very well for how good it looks.
76561198203859500,Recommended,287390,19405243,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,P90 yes Ak no,☺
76561198017112970,Recommended,287390,30637831,Posted: 20 March,all,MadMike,"This quickly became one of my favorite shooter/horror games. Awesome story, awesome environment, awesome gameplay. Definately worth picking up."
,Recommended,287390,19454202,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FRCD ♋❤♏.HyperX,Replay this game for 3rd timesthis is for the third hope have good ending because 2 before always have bad ending
,Recommended,287390,19417674,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Shirt,Play both the metro  games they're fantastic and maybe even read the books.
76561198190029494,Recommended,287390,19472137,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,barcaboy2313,Great Gameplay and campain 10/10
,Recommended,287390,19561820,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,duffed110,"Good game, good story, looks great. Probably a game you would only play once."
,Recommended,287390,19505895,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vegetto,"A good survival+shooting+stealth game I've ever played.The story is understandable after playing a few chapter. The most great thing in this game is the STRIPPER!However, this game is REALLY offensive because those lack of bullets, filter or medikit when you didn't really searching for it before going to continue the mission. But that is the great thing, it's like real thing happening when we in the same situation like Artyom in his world.And not to forget that Dark One is really amazing but ugly creature. He is cute sometimes imo.I am not regretting that I bought this game on sale! (Last Light Redux & 2033 Redux)I recommend this game for those who like survival+shooting+stealth game!"
76561198087427219,Recommended,287390,19504619,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SterlingArcher,"God game to grab on sale, nice follow up from 2033."
76561198010800766,Recommended,287390,17760029,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,94%
,Recommended,287390,17760202,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,This game was fanfreakentastic! Really really enjoyed it.
76561198126788098,Recommended,287390,17335674,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,CrAzyA†,One of the best game I ever play.
,Recommended,287390,17335882,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Bobby Hill,Game  Gets The 5 Cabbage Medals ~Artyom
,Recommended,287390,17336342,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MM10X,This game gave me arachnophobia.  10/10
76561198092685601,Recommended,287390,17346941,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[Gen]Parawozzz,amazing game havent seen before anyth like this .... will be honest played this game like 4 times before now bought it to support devs and playng again lol .... just stunning game there is not much else y can say about it just give a try
76561198048216450,Recommended,287390,17349483,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,John Lemon,love it
,Recommended,287390,17707124,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,@vatar,"Two thing to do in Metro Last Light , switch off the light and kill those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Of course you'll hear people yelling ""Oh no , he was a good guy ! . Really ? Why should I care , anyway ?"
,Recommended,287390,17521399,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,stambo,"Just an amazing shooter. An evolution and a step forward over the original Metro 2033.It may have lost some of the charm of presenting a new world that was in the original and some horror elements from it as well, but it does everything else so well that it doesn't really matter.The world that they have built up (I haven't read the books, so I don't know how faithful the adaptation is) is really interesting and somewhat reminiscent of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games, which can only be a good thing. I am glad they put their entire focus on making a single player story focused shooter, it really paid off.The level design is interesting despite being somewhat linear (more on that later), it gives off a vibe that we are dealing with areas which people inhabit and they have repurposed them into their homes. That is why I was always excited about getting into one of the hub areas, I wanted to explore a bit and see how the place is set up.The storyline that is presented pulled me in and kept me entertained throughout. It has a really nice cause and effect thing going for it versus the canonical ending in the original. It is also nice to get some more insight into the factions that have emerged in these makeshift living areas. I would have only wished for some more interaction with the ""sidekick"" you get later on in the game.I will say that there are a couple of boss fights that are the type I am not too fond of. I am talking about the boss fights where you have to fire at them in a certain sequence, because apparently a shotgun to the face at point blank range would never get them down? Boss fights are hard to get right and I don't think Metro Last Light does them particularly well, thankfully there aren't too many of them and you can focus on the rest of the game.It is also a bit too linear, while there are a small number of optional corridors you can take and there is a bit of exploration possible as well, most of the time you are going down the only road possible. When you're on the surface the areas are at least a bit more open.I don't think it is necessary to have played the original game, there is a good enough explanation of what happens there. And the canon ending from the original is not the one I got anyway (which is the good one), so I was catching up a bit with the story anyways.8 / 10"
,Recommended,287390,17526035,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Grigi,"Play as Artyoum in a sad story of human greed, deceit, and angels that fear man (and have a good reason to).Of the two Metro games, this one was much more action-oriented, and the story really pulls on one heart strings.Ultimately the game was lacking something, and was not as gripping as 2033 to me. It definitely makes one sad about humanity."
,Recommended,287390,17527523,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kan,"Best game I have ever played. If you want a strong stealth game, this is it. If you want run and gun, you can try."
76561198012275256,Recommended,287390,17529597,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Count Gumberton,"An essential continuation of Metro 2033, Metro: Last Light eschews some of the survival horror elements present in 2033 in favor of more action-oriented gameplay. Continues the series' excellent storytelling and gameplay. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,287390,17379845,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dobbie,Good game and gets you involved in elements of the game. Sometimes can be a bit slow.Parts where you are underground and there a giant spiders i couldnt do it was literaly that involving. Also with suround sound the scattering gave me the willys and overall a scary game if you have got aracnofobia!
,Recommended,287390,17381850,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pizza Head,"Like the prequel, Last Light boasts much of the same content, yet falls short in regards to the story. supernatural elements play a smaller role and feel forced when in play, however that does little to detract from the enjoyment gained from pure gameplay."
,Recommended,287390,17382765,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,♛jamEPinkyGod♛,this ♥♥♥♥ing good game
,Recommended,287390,17383441,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pounder McNasty,Lots... Of.... Biddies..10/10
76561198242088650,Recommended,287390,17383769,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Larry the cable guy,"great game i love it and for the price off $3,50 its totaly worth it i just dont like the swamp area where i dont have any ammo and the creatures that live there are very strong but i highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,287390,17384663,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Randalf,This game is super cool. really like it. wish there was less radioactive air. 9/10.
,Recommended,287390,17386359,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A Cold One With The Boys,This is a great game and I only have 2 hours on it. The story is great and I will be buying the 2033 rudux soon. This was well woth the $25.
,Recommended,287390,17389756,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Romunus,Very good graphic and amazing gameplay
,Recommended,287390,17545733,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Iwbtg,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game ♥♥♥♥ing played this and Metro 2033 Redux ♥♥♥♥ing gay♥♥♥♥♥ending loved game just beat it am mad.9/10
,Recommended,287390,17549409,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vendelator,"I love the Metro series and i have been playing it on multiple platforms!This game offers really nice enviroments with great ambience! Each level offers a degree of variety which gives the game replayability several times over.Now im trying to get all achivements for both the Redux versions on steam. I had no issues with Metro 2033 Redux. But with last Light Redux there are so many annoyances!Diaries stop updating so you cant see what you have collected, for me they stoped updating Midgame, so i cant see how many there are in total or how many i have collected.Sneaking elements are F.U.B.A.R. :Enemies react when they should not, see you when you are not visible, hear you when you dont make noises, dont die from knives (that stick to their unprotected heads).I still recommend the game since i love the series, but if you want to get all the achivements you need to be patient!"
76561198061443704,Recommended,287390,17173497,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[MFB] African Space Jesus,"Metro Last Night thrusts players into a futuristic world where crime and chaos rule the streets of the city and players must lead their crack law enforcement forces against the ever growing number of villains. The game has beautifully crafted graphics throughout the entire game which really do give off the air of realism that make the game so good, especially the Redux version in combination with some Reshade modding and the highest graphical settings turned on.Metro last night raises the standards for first person shooters once more with the ideal combination of  an engaging story driven by some epic shooting and stealth mechanics for whatever style suits you best and some epic intense scenery as well. Another great aspect of this game which many other video games fail to achieve are the possibilities to complete this game. Just like dishonered ( a great game by the game), can just a tiny decision from your part trigger a whole different set of counter-reactions which can change the way to complete a mission completely.Final verdict: 9/10 , Must play :)"
,Recommended,287390,17176215,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,LegendKiller,"i don't know how to start, just let me tell you, this is oone of the best games i've ever played. I have to say it is my personal favorite, it's a game that'll stay with me. Definetly the best hours i've spent gaming. The game mechanics are awesome, the graphics are awesome, the plot is perfect and well defined and makes it's almost impossible not to like the story of Artyom. Sure you can't hope in cars or planes like you would on BF3,4 etc. or call in killstreaks like COD. But for me it's a must play experience. If the developers decide to spend their money into making a multiplayer mode for this game it would be the best FPS ever. MUST PLAY!"
,Recommended,287390,17176663,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,"Just the right music (in books there is no soundtrack but they made a good one for the ears to listen for about 20+hours of gameplay here), environment (a change of scenery from being underground, above ground, in dreamland etc.), storyline (thx to the book), gameplay (4 difficulty option and more), customization (weapons) and so much more.Although replayability isnt at its highest due to it being a linear game (not all game should be an open world to deliver fun and has high replayable value) still Metro 2033 series have done a well done job to deliver fun, suspense and thought provoking moments in the game.Characters are memorable and well executed. Evil guys are worth hating, and good guys are worth remembering.  These and the many lively(point trigger, but still the contextof it is good) conversations around the metro made it believeble for players to feel the main character and being in his shoe (although i wish Artyom have somekind of voice over other than mkaing noise when falling or being hit)."
76561197976606392,Recommended,287390,17122274,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BobDinosaur,"Excellent in Survival mode, claustrophobic atmosphere and enemies are always a threat.  Sadly Ranger mode is ruined by the inability to tell which secondary weapon you have selected, no button indications for QTE, no indication of being in a QTE and no indication of how much time you have left on your filters.  Few simple changes would have kept things immersive, but they dropped the ball here."
76561198073144447,Recommended,287390,17207656,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,orang,"Nice story, Many additional gameplays as Pavel, Anna and Khan, Scared♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me some times, 8/8 its okayP.S.How to get child simulator 2k420"
,Recommended,287390,17170282,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Danielm0f0,The 2nd best game I have ever played 10/10 hope a number 3 comes out!
76561198082984244,Recommended,287390,17192599,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,L0nrR,"The best game I ever played yet. If there will be some Metro 2036 in future, I will pay 60€  for that without any thinking. BUY THIS GAME. N O W ! THIS IS A MUST.  PS: I fapped in mission on Venice :O (players of Last Light know what I mean)"
76561198115721839,Recommended,287390,17431125,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Savitar,"this is a all around beautiful game, very story rich, emotional tugging.  just walking around the metro and listening to the individual conversations in crazy.  just stunning graphics."
76561198129817642,Recommended,287390,17431412,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,black jack,its a good game but on d6 the last mission it crashes
76561198154001367,Recommended,287390,17433413,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,C0DE_28,"... When i beat the game my last words were ""thank goodness"". Throughout the game i couldn't wait for it to be over. the game may be beautiful, but it might as well be a rail shooter, there is no side story just the main story and it aint even that good of one. I am happy to have played this series but it left me wishing for more. And i cant stand the voice acting for the children in the two game. If you can get them on sale i would say pick it up but otherwise dont pay full price for it.AMD 6300 6 core16 gig RamEVGA gtx 960 FTW editionFPS 60"
76561198080555245,Recommended,287390,17427179,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Overtaker,Metro: Last light Redux is still better than 2033 Redux in many things. Really good game. I hope for a part 3.
76561197992488839,Recommended,287390,18477562,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,master2g,Game looks amazing when maxed out . Over all a real good game but the fact that it still CTD every time one plays it is a reall pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and deal breaker for many. It is a hit and miss deal with this game engine to me. Some will play it with out a isssue while some like myself will be suffering multiple CTD every game session. No matter how good a game looks and plays if it crashes constently then it really makes no differnce does it. It has been out for a good while and yet it still isnt fixed. Due to that Its a recommended buy it on sale game only sadly. Thats how i bought it.
76561198137519522,Recommended,287390,18464360,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,gravy,"loved this game, thriling campaign"
,Recommended,287390,18524078,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MMM so guuud n tasty,"a great remade sequel to the first part.The atmosphere is astonishing and the story will consume you.There are some things here and there that could have been better, but overall a very recommended title."
76561198099269770,Recommended,287390,18530587,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Baby Snow Corn,One of the best games i have ever played and the storyline is really good
,Recommended,287390,18482160,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gubs,"I played Metro: 2033 on the 360 a couple years ago, but never got around to Last Light. I was afraid it would be dumbed down or more focused on action sequences than the first game. But boy was I wrong. This is how you make a sequel. It's still largely the same game as the first in regards to the gunplay, give or take some new fancy weapons, but the story is given more of an actual plot, more memorable characters, and levels that are very gripping like the Ghosts/Anomaly levels of the first game. I was glad to see Last Light embrace the philisophical and supernatural more than 2033, even if it did get a little far-fetched near the end. The levels when you'retravelling with the baby Dark One are some of the most memorable level of any video game I can think of. It gives more meaning to the creatures of the Metro world than just &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off monsters that want to kill you"".A worthy sequel to a fantastic game. With only two games it's easily one of my favorite series and I hope to see more to come in the future."
,Recommended,287390,18500032,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Feanominal,YES... just YES
76561198077037735,Recommended,287390,18488967,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Abbas AJ,excellent solid game. 10/10
76561198030247285,Not Recommended,287390,18521342,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,THE RAGING QUEEN,"great game when it works, sadly, it rarely works"
,Recommended,287390,18358953,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Radoo,"You have to play Last Light, if you played Metro 2033, just to see how the story ends. :) It's a great game just like Metro 2033.There is a lot of new content, which makes the game somewhat independent from the first Metro. The only thing a little annoying is that some monsters fights are a bit too hard for no good reason. Great game overall. GG for devs!"
76561198069735211,Recommended,287390,18377091,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,"Metro: Last Light has been one of the most unique FPS's I've had the chance of playing.  The combat is intense and proves difficult at certain points even on normal difficulty.  Traveling through a devastated Moscow the air is toxic and you must wear gas masks and resupply air filters to ensure survival.  The very air above ground is just as much a threat as the grotesque monsters and enemy communists ecountered along the way.  I suppose this was my only issue with the game - always worrying about finding air filters.  Parts of the game I felt rushed because I had so few filters that exploration wasn't much of an option even though the game is about as linear as it gets.  Graphically speaking, it is gorgeous and I am certain the game will age well for years to come.  The atmosphere features a lot of greys, browns, blacks, dark greens and has primarily an earthy aesthetic which is a choice color pallette in a world ravaged by nuclear warheads.For what I understood of the story, I enjoyed quite a lot despite realizing halfway into the game that Metro: Last Light is a sequel to Metro: 2033, which I haven't checked out yet.  Regardless, the plot goes against the grain of your typical good vs evil scenario; it is deeper than that.  I was pleasantly surprised later in the game when I discovered who the allies and enemies really are.  The story and everything surrounding the destruction of Moscow and the remaining survivors of the Metro does a fantastic job at immersing you into the world.  If you are considering this, don't make the same mistake I did and play through Metro: 2033 first to get a full understanding of the story since that is the original.  Also, if you are new to FPSs, play on the easiest difficulty as normal alone can prove frustrating at times even for the more experienced players. Just my 2c."
,Recommended,287390,16568059,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GRAPTIK-BLIZZARD,"The game is beautfiul, especially on max settings. The game runs smoothly too. However, I had a huge problem initially. The game had apalling sound lag. I defragmented my hard drive and the issue was fixed, but I figured this was worth noting. The game has good combat and very good graphics, and is a tense survival horror game. I would recommend playing the first game ""Metro 2033"" first. It can be pretty taxing on your system, depending on your specs. This is one game where you should definately pay attention to the recommended specs.Pros:+ Good, creepy atmosphere.+ Believable world. Really looks like a post-apocolyptic world would.+ Good gunplay/combat.+ Nice survival aspects, such as gas masks.+ Varied enemies.Cons:- Had a sound bug originally, as stated above.- Can be hard to run on lower end systems. (I did not have this problem)- Ranger mode (the real hard mode) was added on as DLC, which I feel is a bit of a scam, but in this version you get it for free.Recommended."
76561198029901721,Recommended,287390,18406627,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RAZE,"""When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.""9/11 will give bullets to poor and kids"
,Recommended,287390,17689111,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,"minor spoilers ahead please go read someone else's if you don't care for my nit-picking.I love the original metro 2033, both book and game, so it was only right that i should enjoy this.but i found myself kinda iffy with the whole lot.the gameplay, atmosphere and overall experience is outstandingly well done: when your underground you feel clostrophobic and with few options, that is, if you don't quite know where to look. when you on the surface you feel like your in an accual, living, breathing world, full of mystery and treasure. the stealth system is perfectly ballanced giving the cunning a silent playingfeild and the clumsy a brief swat on the back of the head... usualy with the butt of an assult rifle. but when it comes to the gunplay you better have remembered to check everybody for usable ammo or your going to end up like the last idiot who though he didn't need to take out a few enimies befor he went in guns blazing.now here is the part that breaks my heart. the whole story felt kinda like one big love leter the the publishers.(NO, REALLY?) with the whole power fantacy, sex appeal, and the lack of ally deaths i felt like dmitry was in a bit of a position to ""get it done right this time"". i didn't get the same feeling of dread and confusion that i did when i played the first game. the main antagonist is also a named person(S) not a race, so if you want the same player vs unspeakable eldritch horror, go play call of cthulhu.(i think i spelled that right, im not going to go check)there, thats just the truth okay? i'm still gonna reccomend you buy it and play it (to a degree) but don't expect the same treatment if your going in blind from the last game.I recommend this game if you: (apply with extreem pregidice)-enjoy singleplayer experiences with nice gameplay.-are a total ninja at stealth and you want a game that tests your skills, not strains them.-you have a pathological love for the other metro game.I do not recomend this game if you: (don't take it presonaly, there is always room to improve)-are a failed half-labotomy and are lousy at stealth.-cant aim under preasure, spraying and praying will hit nothing.-you think that, just because you have armor you are invincible, trust me, you might as well be using a thin napkin to protect yourself when going to F*** a chainsword.(see riech dlc for example)-you like very deep well though-out storylines (go read the book) with memorable characters... trust me, you will wish they died mor often."
,Recommended,287390,18322045,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kuna | Gamdom.com,IF YOU LOVE RUSSIAN-MADE GAMES HERE'S A GOOD ONE 8/10
76561198039476851,Recommended,287390,18300871,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,...
,Not Recommended,287390,18264810,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Øuantum3,"Somehow, the graphics from the first one were much better as well, the game was really hard in the hardest difficulty (I've finished it like 4 times). This second part doesn't produce fear and it's the way of easy, even in the hardest mode and quite boring."
76561198204543220,Recommended,287390,18550563,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Horus,"If you could get past the random crashes and having no UI in hardcore ranger mode this game is a must have. Even though this game is not open world it feels amazing and its so immersive. Games that come to mind when i play this game are fallout and deus ex, it feels like a mixture of both taking some aspects from each respective title but still remaining it's own entity. if i would give this a score it would be a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,287390,18537106,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Russel Johnson,"Great story, solid fps game. Nothing more to say other than pick up the game when there is a good sale and try it out. I'd play 2033 first."
76561198071302247,Recommended,287390,18533711,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kissman,THE STORY OF THIS GAME IS AWSOME! I WANT THEM TO MAKE NEW GAME ABAUT ARTIOM S SON :)
76561198164328013,Not Recommended,287390,18524787,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,xxx,"not rreally good grafik but this game lag really bad. please check more for system require, im using iMac 21"" 2014 it's still cant move."
76561198203047059,Recommended,287390,17541085,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jakinator,one of the best series i have ever played
76561198165749069,Not Recommended,287390,17541484,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,LimeZippo,"Bought this game on a steam sale for a great price. All went swimmingly until about half way through the game, during a loading screen the game would just crash. Everytime.  Without any error message. Just a crash back to the steam installed games page. So on the premise that the game is unfinishable for me I cannot recommend this game to anyone. Pity, the half I played was great, but it is unplayable for me. A lot of people seem to have issues with this game. So I know its not my setup. I bought the First Metro as well. I bought it so long ago that I dont think I can even get a refund. Dont buy this game."
76561198119652372,Recommended,287390,17543423,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Neighborhood broke dood,didnt see any three legged mutants 5/10
76561197994707011,Recommended,287390,17669294,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jesse James,Such is life in post-apocalyptic Russia
76561198065995805,Recommended,287390,17670347,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,High Priest Uno,It's a good game
76561198028183948,Recommended,287390,17678452,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nitrogen,"Great game, a must play"
76561198150087812,Recommended,287390,17681244,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Plattan,"I liked playing this game, so I decided to make a short review and share my thoughts and experiences :+ the atmosphere is great, every part for itself is well done, both the dark metro and the outside+ graphics are very good looking+ story is driving you into playing more and more+ playing style variability, from being stealthy on one level to gun 'n run chaotic on other+ after finishing the main story, there are other ''mission levels'', which is nice- story is relatively short ( completed it in 9h, not 100%, but still... )Along with the first part, Metro 2033, this game is a great experience, 9/10"
76561198032398928,Recommended,287390,17857757,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Osmium,First of all The Redux itself was justAmazingfor the returning metro fans (like me) this game is a must buy but the only problem I had was that the redux enhances background dialogue but that will come in handy for an ending ;-)
76561197970732360,Recommended,287390,17855536,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Svenson,Wow what can I say a true masterpiece!!Played both earlier versions and loved both if you have never played Metro you owe it to yourself buy the Redux version. I waited for it to come on sale when I bought it. Phys x card is a must  the graphics are the best I have ever seen on a pc.
76561198118270074,Recommended,287390,17876916,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,killgorrr,"The original Metro: Last Light was a great game, with a horrifyingly great plotline, good animation and graphics. Howver, the Redux is just that little bit better, making it awesome. The Redux has improved graphics and animations, as well as being much more potimised when compared to the original, since it was a complete hog for resources, however the Redux is well optimized. Last Light's Redux was not as much of an improvement as the Original Metro's Redux was, but it was still an improvement. I would highly reccommend the Redux."
,Recommended,287390,18146800,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Air Mata Kucing,"This concised review covers both Redux edition Metro: 2033 and Metro: Last Light.The Metro series is another immersive and reflective experience. The moral system though not neccesarily, is a nice little contraption as it forces the player to think and reflect, before he/she goes on to make that move, which could then affect the ending scene.Gameplay is great, but can be repetitive sometimes. An ever present sense of danger is what makes the game exciting. Supplies are always scarces, and results in scavenging being a primary aspect of the game. The gas mask and filter system is a pretty neat.  There are creepy moments, and yet there are also edge of your sit kind of sequences to balance things out. The player can either tackle the objectives with iron fists, or by way of stealth. It's up to you, the choices are given.Nothing much to comment about the graphics and performance, it's relatively smooth and beautful. It depicts post-apocalyptic Moscow with straight As. But I somehow think that Last Light Redux, is a lot smoother than 2033 Redux.Of all things,what shines the most is the storytelling. I would consider it a masterpiece, up there with the ranks of Tomb Raider, Alan Wake etc etc. If you prefer a linear, reflective and immersive storyteller, you SHOULD pick this one up immediately, no second thoughts about it despite the common ""the chosen one who saves the day"" type of plot. There are two endings by the way, as according to your moral points as mentioned above. But only one of them is considered canon and true to the events of the books that the games are based on. Oh trust me, when I say that either of the endings would leave you thinking, and reflecting.I guess I used the word ""reflective"" too much eh? Well, perhaps there's a reason to that. Pick this game up and you'll see why."
,Recommended,287390,18234865,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Senpai Koala,Loved it. :3
76561198021661121,Recommended,287390,18235400,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,grim_melee,"This is a fun game. It's well paced and the graphics are very pretty. There are good characters and a surprisingly interesting  story about good, evil, betrayal, and forgiveness and redemption. The FPS shooter mechanics are solid and often very satifsfying.  Not only is this game more interesting than the first game, it's also better paced and it's very well-polished. If you're looking for a solid 10 hour FPS experience in a moody post-apocalyptic environment, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198165708140,Recommended,287390,18150747,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tricoz,"Redux edition Metro: 2033 and Metro: Last Light both are good games with a great intense apocalyptic story line after a outbreak of a nuclear attack and now left with surviors, mutants, supernatural and what not."
76561198050484553,Recommended,287390,18238417,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Barkie,"Fantastic game, had me hooked for all 12 hours of a normal playthrough."
,Recommended,287390,30536676,Posted: 15 March,all,Green,Such a fantastic game! Shows why there will always be a place for linear shooters as well as the open world shooters that have become so common nowadays.
76561198137007957,Recommended,287390,30536602,Posted: 15 March,all,ianbboc,"Fantastic game, great graphics. Im emjoying this game more than metro 2033 not sure why this got such a lower metacritic rating,. Just buy the game it really is a genre in and of itself"
76561198052913478,Recommended,287390,18201153,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,tmjb97,"One of my favorite games of all time. If you are even considering buying this game, even just a little bit, I really encourage you to do so. It had a great story line, awesome combat, some pretty stunning graphics too. If you like horror games, fps, or are just looking for a good game with a great story behind it, this game will not dissapoint"
,Recommended,287390,16726864,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mrkilljoy6,if you enjoy games with a good strong story line you should definitly play this  game it is a beast on its one but killer with its sequal you realy need to play them after each other
76561198210475552,Not Recommended,287390,16738846,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Skip-Leg-Day,"Still stuck in the Contagion cutscene, I can't get out of it. Honestly, this is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I could deal with them screwing up the controls compared to the first metro, but really unskippable cutscenes that are bugged what idiot thought of this. I do NOT recommend this game."
76561198128168043,Recommended,287390,16674454,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ｋｒａｋｅｎｚ,METRO:LAST LIGHT  is a fun game to play whit the beutiful graphics of the metro series like METRO 2033 is was a awesome game like this the REDUX version is a cool thing 4 the graphics
76561198045935442,Recommended,287390,16709156,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Damnit Bobby,A fun game that built off of the first game Metro 2033. The story line was good and longer then the previous. The addition of more guns was nice and needed. Game was a lot like Metro 2033 in feel and gameplay. Just hoping for another Metro game in the future.
,Recommended,287390,16710059,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KeepOnBurning,"really good game love the story, way its played the resource management and how it can give a adrenaline rush. There is a secret ending never got it though, finished the game in 8 hours great experience. One thing for improvement really want to have a silencer on the sniper9.5/10"
,Recommended,287390,16710289,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iNinjaSpeed,Only 6 hours in and I am in love with this game. Have the highest possible settings I can play on with a 970 with a constant 60+. Better if not as good as the first one. I love this series! And vodka!
76561198121274386,Not Recommended,287390,16606862,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Teh D0m1n4t0r,my graphics arer glitched with no character models or weapon skins so i cant find or kill anything witch is the point of the game
76561198085086864,Recommended,287390,16606979,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,clearesthorizon,The moment when you realise you're using your millitary grade ammo on the enemies 10/10
,Recommended,287390,16609538,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Buxton Mineral Water,"This game is one of the best games i have played, period. the visuals are stunning, story line has depth and is intriguing and it also plays with your emotions and makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants quite a lot too. i would definately recommend this game to post-apocalyptic fans and for those who like a challenge, play the hardest difficulty, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard...."
,Recommended,287390,16611401,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,notsoplainjanne,A wonderful game!Perfect for the gamer who loves apocalyptic stories and shooters. The scenery is very nice as are the creatures.I really recommand this game. It's worth the money even if it isn't that expensive!
,Not Recommended,287390,16580779,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,.nEEZY,The itself might be awesome but there is no chance for me to ever play longer than 5 mins due to everlasting crashes..If someone got help for me it's highly appreciated.specs for someone who might be helped with this infoMSI gtx 580 twin frozrIntel I2600k 4x3.4 ghz12gb ram500gb ssdtried all the usual stuff (reinstall it/clear game cache/edit ini files)
76561198089047004,Recommended,287390,16591155,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,✪ Gundalf,fun.
,Recommended,287390,16762422,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dambuk1,10/10 - can burn spiders alive and see them suffer.
,Recommended,287390,16763209,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[DJMM] DannBo,"A great sequel to a fantastic game.  Metro: Last Light picks up where the ""Ranger"" ending of 2033 left off.  If you are wanting to play this game all I can say is play 2033 (the redux version) first or you'll be missing out!I have all the same praise for this game that I do for the first (great gameplay, hugely atmospheric and immersive environment, huge attention to detail, diverse npcs and npc interactions, great story).  Like with 2033 you can select any of the four play modes that change how the enemies behave, how much health you have, and how scarce items are.  The original version of Last Light had pretty abundant items (which you can still do with one of  the play modes) but the nice thing about the redux version is you can select the same play mode you used in 2033, which enhances the survival aspect of the game.While 2033 may have had some atmospheric environments this one goes all out, with incredibly detailed storm systems, and diverse landscapes, not quite as grey as in 2033.  Trudging through the storms with rain pelting down on my gas mask and walking against the gusts of wind, while wiping all the mud and rain from my visor were some of my favorite portions of the game.  The sound effects for this are brilliant to.  There's always a sense of excitement when a storm rolls in since you can see the huge clouds sweeping over the landscape in real time.The storyline for this one was a bit more interesting than 2033 since your character was a bit more involved with it, whereas in 2033 you are mostly a bystandard or fellow soldier and hadn't done much yet to dinstinguish yourself until the epic ending.All I can say is I can't wait for the next installment (which I hope there will still be, fingers crossed)!  Play both games and you will not be disappointed.  Easily one of the best singleplayer experiences I've ever had.  Just wish the games were longer!  (10-12 hours each!)"
,Recommended,287390,16764373,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cro,"The Metro series (Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light) are two of the best games I have ever played.Atmosphere, story, and emotion are areas in which both of these games excel on an unprecedented level.The Metro Redux bundle provides an experience that you simply cannot miss out on.10/10"
76561198138207008,Recommended,287390,16764482,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,terminallysick,yes
76561198011760851,Recommended,287390,16766633,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MetalsEdge,If you played the first one you have to play this one
,Recommended,287390,16759402,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,VELI | [Division Down],10/10
76561198232665368,Recommended,287390,16760918,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,shinebhonethet20,"This is one of the best fps games I have ever played in my life,but I don't know how to play the dlcs.CAn anyone help me?"
,Recommended,287390,16816263,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mayo,Military bullet finder simulator 2034: Still better than 203369/4.20 Would search again.
76561198059231099,Recommended,287390,15777053,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Hamtaroo,12/10 bananas.
76561197967658504,Recommended,287390,16565177,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Funzogger,"I think this game is a very accurate association of how our society would behave after a nuclear war:Getting rid of all the different ideologies when there are mutants at the doorstep? Nah, better get the good ol' nazicommunist thing going again!Solidarity for a new and better future? Nah, better kill off each other over some pre-war bullets..God-like mutants that could make the difference in establishing a new society? KILL IT WITH FIRE!Use every available ressource for a better everyday life? Nah, better craft buttloads of weapons and live in crappy wooden shacks..But despite all the unneccessary war mongery resulting out of human stubborness it is interesting to see how the normal people try to get along with their lives: building towns, voting majors, getting supplies and so onAll in all I really like this game franchise and there are  a lot of things to discover in the world of post-apocalyptic moscow. A must play for all FPS Lovers!Pro:-Extraordinary story line-Very detailed world-Weapons can be modified - scope, silencer etc.-Moral point system-Different endings-Some kind of realism (sweat in gas mask, wiping off water and mud from the mask etc.)-Different difficulty levels that not only alter the enemy's damage and resistance but also the highlighting of ressources, ingame hints, crosshair and hudCon:Linear levelsThe bad ending was disappointing"
,Recommended,287390,16566959,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cream Corn Gay Porn,This game is very fun but one thing you need to remember use the compass because u will get lost
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,287390,16408746,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kum Captain,"This game was really good until I got towards the end, really hard difficulty spike and the frame rate is AWFUL, the frame rate was good at the beginning but towards the end I couldnt even run the game it was that bad and I have a brand NEW $3000 computer so you tell me what's wrong."
76561198129814189,Recommended,287390,16568400,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chrydin,Boobs.
,Recommended,287390,16575006,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SolarK,if your bored and havce no friends to play with this is a AMAZING single player expirence i recomend 11/10
76561198070222905,Recommended,287390,16748422,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Deep Fried Buns,"-Pay for lap-dance.-die at endingTeaches kids not to pay for ♥♥♥♥♥s. Oh, and not kill people, that's also bad.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,16750217,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hello99993,"This game is legendary. I had a great time playinh it. Good story, graphics and gameplay. This is an instant classic."
,Recommended,287390,16753357,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Freeeeeeziiiiin rest his...,"beautiful graphics, great gameplay and all arround great game 5/5"
,Recommended,287390,16753496,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Товарищ (Away At War),"Is of being good game, many creature, is hard to beat, am of playing many time and is of being great story!I like this game, you must play, or you will be sent to the mines and dig dirt for rest of life."
76561198072404269,Recommended,287390,16846282,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Kendoken000,"The only game that had me almost in tears as I screamed ""FOR MOTHER RUSSIA"" while I killed Communist ""Red"" Russian's with a modified AK47 with a gas mask on. All the while after evading an irradiated bear in nuclear Moscow.10/10"
76561197977222245,Not Recommended,287390,16630384,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CarbonVirus,"Game is barely functional in ubuntu 15.04; do not believe the 'works in linux' tag.Game cutscenes rarely work, crashes on some loads, and most importantly, IT CONSTANTLY LOADS SOME DUMB NAZI SEQUENCE THAT IS UNWINABLE..."
,Recommended,287390,16683646,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,THE E Man,Somehow managed to be better than the first one.  10/10.
76561198141376588,Recommended,287390,16683873,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mephiston,"go ahead, play this game like call of duty, see what happens"
,Recommended,287390,16685690,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FreshestDough,Snazzy gun play with an immersive apocalyptic setting that really makes you feel like you're apart the world itself. It's a great game ;)
76561198059311010,Recommended,287390,16691041,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gumby,This Game is ♥♥♥♥ing Awesome. I love it. The story is the best. If you havent played the first one then wtf you doing here go buy both redux version if you want that good looking game. One of my top 5 games in my book.
76561198099942252,Recommended,287390,16650968,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mat Da Fat Cat,"Bought the redux bundle for 8$, 100000000000% worth the money. Throw your money at gaben now!"
,Recommended,287390,16659221,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Toby,"A must play game, I wasn't expecting the game to be so good until I played it I was hooked from start to finish, I recommend playing both the games as they both have different experiences to offer!"
,Recommended,287390,16371907,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rat,"Set in the year 2034, you take on the role of Artyom, a Ranger of the Order. This game is entirely single-player with different settings that allow for more difficult combat and scarcer supply. This is about a 10-12 story mode if you take your time to search around and look for supplies. The story itself is very well told, when underground, you can tell that the world is in termoil, and it doesn't appear to be getting any better. When on the surface, the world is bleak and desolated with nuclear waste from the events of the previous game. There are genuine moments when this game is actually terrifying. Being underground, surrounded by mutated monsters in pitch black darknes makes for very intense moments. One of the best things about this game without a doubt is its graphics, simply put, this game looks amazing. With it's rich, immersive story, it's fun and scary gameplay, and it's amazing graphics, especially the redux, this game is a must own."
76561198049997692,Recommended,287390,16372364,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ultra Mega-DeathDick OverLord,"Should def give it a try, really good game. Stay off the ""Spartan"" mode though, makes the game into a betty crocker baking simulator :l8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,287390,20364805,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Razorkiller1337,"Really amazing linear shooter that captures the feel of the old S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games completely.  If on sale for 4.99, totally worth every penny."
,Recommended,287390,20382270,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Natte kletskat,"Not a bad game at all, i like the story, gameplay, graphics.I have noticed some buggs throughout my gameplay but they are not gamebreaking.if you like metro or story driven games buy this game."
,Recommended,287390,20357371,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ryhida,"Leading off from 2033, it was... familar, but different. I felt that Last Light was more about action than survival as I never had the same issues with low ammo. (Or that might be because I had played 2033, and was much better)But saying that, it kept most of what made 2033 good, and simply added to it.Only one minor issue with performance being during a certain (in engine) cutscene where water physics cause the framerate to tank down to 35 from an otherwise locked 60."
76561198058999815,Recommended,287390,20358897,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,fadzi,"One of my favourite story games ever.  i got it and finished it the same day with no breaks,  at all including metro 2033 - Buy for excellent price to graphics and story"
76561198056326949,Recommended,287390,20393354,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Relaxation,PLAY IT!
76561198047680270,Recommended,287390,20174561,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kmkl,Very good apocalypse game with nice atmosphere.
,Recommended,287390,20167694,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sneaky Beaky,"A great game, to notch story, graphics , and gunplay, and one of the most immersive world you'll find in video gamesOverall, a must have if you like story and fps"
76561198164069920,Recommended,287390,20106857,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Worldominator,♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!
,Recommended,287390,20079969,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Snorkmaiden,"If there is a cardinal sin, it is war itself. What must it take to earn forgiveness for it? Is there redemption at all?"
76561198059529206,Recommended,287390,20153560,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,winchester,Amazing game!!! Story of the game(book) is so good.
76561197970251704,Recommended,287390,20156068,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Make CSGO Great Again,"After leaving metro 2033 uncompleted I was hesitant to purchase the second installment and all I can say is if you haven't purchased it yet BUY IT! I loved the storyline and often found myself sucked in by the deep and thoughtful campaign, while enjoying the beautiful post-apocolyptic landscape. My only wish is that they would do a redux version like this for the STALKER series."
,Recommended,287390,20134692,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tooka blunt,I dont remeber being invited me to the feels trip
,Recommended,287390,20076484,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Eoin1,excellent sequel 10/10
76561198216842288,Recommended,287390,20068691,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kneega,"Gr8 game, Bad ending"
,Recommended,287390,20072099,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ANa;✘,"Good game , Putin ! I'm proud of ya xD"
,Recommended,287390,20077813,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,juststyle74,"Great looking, immersive, fun to play. I love that russian accent; reminds me of CS:GO matchmaking :DQUICK TIP !Magnum + silencer + x2 scope = best for stealth"
76561198004097134,Recommended,287390,20316878,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Silencio,"I had a fantastic time playing this one. Great controls, visually stunning, loves the different missions, there is lots of challenges and a few times I had my stress level reach a dangerous peak. I loved it so much that I decided to get 2033 redux. It is also well optimized. I have an older pc with amd x2 cpu running vista 64bit and it was fine, I played in eyefinity with success."
76561198158665436,Recommended,287390,20314237,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Finesse God,10/10 would ride the subway again
,Recommended,287390,20311140,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Edu27,bom
,Recommended,287390,20307868,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,luci,"Never experienced a game like this,beautiful story,exciting gameplay,stunning visuals. 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,16559104,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,★ Heart of Madness,">when you can't run the game at 60fpsIn all seriousness, it's a great game, with a great atmoshpere.Go buy it.Now."
76561198074779518,Recommended,287390,16559368,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mika,this game has an amazing story line and is super suspense
,Recommended,287390,16562663,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gaben The Holy Allah,"Looks great and is fun, just wish I had time for it :("
,Recommended,287390,16522783,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Daassie,"A better video game than the first, enjoyable to play once you get used to the clunky controls and wonky viewpoint. I would have preferred the game stay survival-based and stealthy, but it's become a full-on shooter with boss arenas, monster closets and everything. The atmosphere is still there for the most part, and there are frequent highlights in the adventure to remind you it's not all about constant firefights. But, more often than not, fighting is the only way to make progress.Most acting is mediocre and takes away from the drama in the plot, but what else is new. The love interest angle for a mute protagonist is really forced, and the devs deemed it necessary to throw♥♥♥♥♥♥in your face - literally. The story I found very entertaining overall, although your choices throughout it don't seem to pan out or have influence over the course of events.Very good value for €10 or whatever, higher than that you have to ask yourself if you can stand the technical shortcomings and if you are interested in the story and the setting."
,Recommended,287390,16524486,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tilt,"Alright so criteria on which to base the game ongameplayatmosphearmechanicsstoryvalue for moneystarting with gameplayGameplay in my eyes is very solid, enemy's are tough but not healthy so if you get the first shot you are very likely to get the kill, enemy count is pretty good as well, you avoid contact with large groups of enemys unless you have a ton of backup. The gas mask and low ammo count is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but in a good way, especially if you are like me and is terrible at scavenging and conserving ammo, cool integration of ammo as currency, and especially currency thats hard to get your hands on. the weapon mods are pretty damn awesome as well, and even though you can carry 3 weapons you are still constantly in need of a 4th so you always need to prepare for when going to the surface or into hostile parts of the metro. I could go on for hours about this but i think you got the idea, only downside is that stealthing is to easy but ill get to that in the mechanic 9/10atmosphear.Pretty damn simple, the only word to describe is with is AMAZING, the game is very good at switching between the surface and the towns scatterd throughout the metro and the game is really good at never allowing you to really feel safe. 10/10MechanicsThis is the games downfall, Stealth is the worst. Its way to easy, you can sit about a meter infront of an enemy facing you and they wont notice, you can shoot at them and they wont notice and when you kill someone or knock them out, nobody notices even though you do nothing to break the fall of your victims. It ruins the immersion of the game pretty bad. Shooting and the overall mechanics are pretty good, and i havent noticed any serious bugs so far but then agian i've only played it for about 8 hours so i might just have gotten lucky 5/10storyStory is very solid, i went into the game thinking that the story was going to be acceptable but it was way more than that. Unfortunately the 2 first hours of the game you are pretty much being escorted around by 2 different guys and miss out on alot of action as they do alot of the stuff for you. Which throws off the story alot, secondly the voice acting is pretty weak as well, but once you get into to the game you get rid of most of the irrelevant characters so the quality of it improves massively.The story itself it pretty damn amazing, It is based on a book so you would expect it to be super good. and despite that it still manages to present you with choices that doesent feel out of place. Spoiler alert, The plot twists are very well executed as well and makes alot of sence so plot holes are seriously limited. There was one thing throwing me off on the story though which was at the second to last chapter but i would spoil that for the people reading this who havent played the game yet. ending is super well played out as well 8/10value for money8 hours for a playthrough(with some time idleing in the menu) of a linear fps singleplayer on the easiest difficulty is very solid for any game, considering that i've beaten both mw2 and 3 in less than 6 hours on my first playthrough its pretty damn good and unlike mw2 and 3 there is room for replay's i would say that 20 euro's is slightly off to the expensive side but i went into the game expecting nothing and was completely blown away by it so i really have nothing to base it off. Its very often on sale as well, so if you can wait, get it while its on sale but do please buy it and enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. 9/10so to sum upgameplay 9/10atmosphear 10/10mechanics 5/10story 8/10value for money 9/10total score 8.2/10 which is very much in the high end"
,Recommended,287390,16524888,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,✪ DMAS ✪,The story is great.I like to see a next game of the child of artyon.I recommend this game because it is not to scary and the story gets you.1  Like :D
76561198071760750,Recommended,287390,16528152,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JromanGamer,"A amazing experience, Metro Redux is a must have for anyone who has not played this extrodinary franchise."
,Recommended,287390,16530039,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hellrisenn,"Best post-apocalyptic FPS I've ever played (together with 2033 Redux). Though not as open-world as S.T.A.L.K.E.R. for example, any fan of the genre will definitely love this game!"
76561197961638674,Recommended,287390,16534168,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,♛ telord,Nice game.Really nice effects.
,Recommended,287390,16503676,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,mortygras,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic game first FPS that was challenging to me!! The Bosses can be OP, well so what it gives ya a challenge! The ending though, I mean really the main character dies and his son ends up a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?! Who makes story like that its terrible well still I gotta give the game a thumbs up! Its's storyline, characters, weaponery, enemies, friends, and the main character, they make this game what it is."
,Recommended,287390,16541440,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Barry 🎃,This game was hard at first but got easier after I got a op shotgun. Wish thier were more Metro games beside 2033 /last light. It had such a beautiful story line to me.  :D
76561198114904800,Recommended,287390,16414564,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PapaSmurf,A very inpresive game makes u fill a part of a story and not just a spectator the guns are very nice the story pretty deep and when the game wants to be scary/creapy it is!I would like to see a new one with multiplayer open wold horor survival
,Recommended,287390,16422790,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,angryengineer,Fantastic game. I played Metro 2033 (non-redux) and the improved User Interface and added brightness was a welcome addition. The campaign seemed longer than Metro 2033 and in my opinion was better.
,Recommended,287390,16425843,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mr. Rampag,"Metro gives a very interesting experience for a fairly linear fps. The game is a sequel to metro2033, with the cannonical ending being the decimation of a new sentient species ""the dark ones"". You take up the role of artyom one more and begin the story pursuing a surviving dark one and eventually trying to stop a metro wide world war.Pros:Good shooter elements, interesting weaponsfun stealth optionsinteresting currency optionscons:The ""monster sections""weapon imbalancewooden diolauge/voice actingannoyign cutscenesOf the cons I'd like to touch on the monster set pieces most, they typically take place on the surface levels of the game and revolve around the mutants found among Russias ruins. While Metro offers alot of entertaining and challenging stealth/shooter gameplay when facing human enemies I found the combat against the mutants largely frustrating , non intuitive and just generally unfun. They simply dont feel like they belong in the game, the mechanics and controls simply dont seem to fit that type of gameplay. While the tunnel sections where you face the reds, nazis or bandits offer challenging and balanced fighting the creatures on the surface are just zerg waves of mutants that make you feel like youre playing a different and dumbed down game. The few shoe horned in monster ""boss"" battles espeically didnt belong in an otherwise fun stealth shooter. They're simply bullet sponges with charges; in a game where bullet conservation and weapon/gear management is key I found suffocating and using up all of my ammo during the marsh level incredibly frustrating ."
76561198146243079,Not Recommended,287390,16431136,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Polkarou,"I do not hate this game.I do not love it because it could be so much better than it is, it falls short.Not to say its not like way better then the 1st one, but i did feel alot safer in this one than the last when i assume your supposed to feel hoplessness.Its a pretty game with lots of atmosphere and qwhen your in the towns you can tell somone put alot of effort into making it feel like somone put glue to wood to make them wich is super cool however doing things in this game for people but for no reason other than to just do it. killing bandits who destroy a convoy and stopping a girl from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥does nothing for u but let you progress. bullets are curency but you will find wildly better guns in the metro than you will ever buy.its ok for a shooter but man is it ever weak. super 80 % off sale or not at alljus"
76561198115043282,Recommended,287390,13624712,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tpb102718,"Amazing translation of an epic book into video game!I played the original metro's over and over, and the redux makes it a little better.Well Worth yout money and time.The game really takes you into the Metro:  Because ammo is scarse, and filters even more, and you have to make a lot of moral choices, wich define the ending of your game.Only downside: There's a little unessesary nudity, wich adds nothing tot the story or gameplay."
76561197992498441,Recommended,287390,13610706,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Apocalypse [URUZ 7],Follows up the metro 2033 story line..    very amazing story and game play with lots of horror places to discover x)  Recommended !
76561198046807659,Recommended,287390,13657522,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Scuba Steve,"Definitely worth the money because it comes with all of the DLC's and they took the original Last Light off of steam. However, if you already own the original AND all of the dlc's, get it on sale of as part of the bundle."
,Recommended,287390,13804840,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,garrett_von_stein,"A+ Great story, great atmosphere and great visuals"
,Recommended,287390,13822882,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,shahil786,"I think this is one of the greatest single player experiences out there. Metro itself is already severely underrated but the redux versions are amazing since it's a significant graphics and performance upgrade. As of now, this is my favorite single player game ever made so far. The atmosphere and story are unmatched. It made me more scared to be roaming the surface of the earth in broad daylight and I actually preferred being in unlighted metro tunnels. It manages to have as much action as a call of duty game yet can be scarier than games like Amnesia due to the heavy atmosphere. Between ghosts, anomalies, and underground warfare, The setting and story are actually so good I picked up the book this game is based on just to get more of it.next time this game is on sale,♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287390,22596222,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Giant Dad,"EDIT:I have found that only some levels are buggy, much to my relief. Therefore, I can officially make my review positive.ORIGINAL:I love this game and loved playing Metro 2033 before I had a PC of my own. I've been taken aback not only by the lore but also by the many creatures of the world and the game's mechanics, especially on the hardest difficulty. That being said, my review is negative because of the game's one major, and in my opinion, immersion breaking flaw: the stealth mechanic. I've been playing it through for the second time (first was on console) and I've noticed more and more that enemy flashlights would go through walls, alerting all of the enemies around me, though they could not find where I was. It makes it even more difficult since I am trying to play through without any deaths. Turning off lights behind walls will also alert enemies as to where I am even if they were nowhere near the source of the light or even looking at it. Because of this, I have been stuck most of my play time on two levels. I can deal with the occasional ""miss"" when using a shotgun, but this breaks one of the two major ways you can play this game. I still encourage others to play this game, but due to more negatives than positives, I am giving this game a negative review."
76561198094562938,Recommended,287390,30763645,Posted: 26 March,all,GasMaskedGamer,"Pretty good game. Seems immersive; i didn't mean to complete it in two sittings of 5 and a half hours, yet here i am. Definitely would recommend to someone pondering what they should spend their spare cash on, during a sale."
,Recommended,287390,20865385,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zShock1224 (NO SOUND),█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,287390,20906864,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SerYawn,"The game is fun to play, the story is great. Play 2033 before this so you understand the events that lead up to this."
76561198163170033,Recommended,287390,20892903,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Eagleye,can't not love it
76561198028186222,Recommended,287390,21066667,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MasterBrue,"This game is not your average fps, you must sneak and conserve resources (ammo, gas mask filters, stimpaks). Its basically a survival fps.The game can be pretty challenging even on normal difficulty. I've had to replay entire levels due to lack of health and resources on a saved checkpoint.This game is only single player but so worth it for the story.Metro is graphically demanding especially with any kind of AA on, but there is little difference between high and ultra detail so high is a good way to boost fps with some AA on.There are strippers in this game if that interests you.This is one of the best games I've played in a while and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,287390,30693942,Posted: 23 March,all,Waldo did 711,"It's indeed magical how game this linear can be this good. Seriously amazing gamePros:Love the system where you can shoot lights in levels like in splinter cellGun system is good, you don't have to stick to anything but if you choose wrong gun at the wrong time gl hfLove the athmosphere in the tunnels, in the surface it is very different, personally like the tunnels especially after reading the metro 2033 book (great book, read it)ConsHookers always ♥♥♥♥ something up in metro games. (NO PUN INTENDED)Weakest part of the game are the segments where you kill mutants, ♥♥♥♥ing tedious.Weird railshooting stuff that feels so slapped on, i would have been fine with a cutscene in these parts.Great game definitely giving this USSR/10"
,Recommended,287390,21105165,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Babou,"One of the best atmospheric shooters I have ever played. Immersive storyline, memorable characters, everything you want from a single player shooter game."
76561198251515938,Recommended,287390,21092218,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,taco_smasher_69,"um, any game where you get to shoot nazis and commies is great"
,Recommended,287390,21089414,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sonicbest™,"I can honestly recommand this game to everyone who played the first game. I love Last Light!I expected a good second game and suprise, it's even better than I could ever imagin.Buy the bundle with both Metro 2033 Redux and Last Light Redux.Worth. Every. Penny."
76561197985260505,Recommended,287390,20386738,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,rood,This is the most beautiful atmospheric game i have ever played.10/10
76561198040028344,Recommended,287390,20915504,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Wolfmobster,"Good story! You find out the mysteries of the metro and the how everything had become this way.The different ""factions"" you encouter are very interresting the neonazi's, the Reds,..."
76561198053120166,Recommended,287390,14968762,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Seventh Monkey(Agt. Cooper),"This is a really, really good shooter.  If I could mark two thumbs up on the recommend tab I'd Siskel and Ebert it. I like the fact that its frustratingly hard in ranger hardcore.  I like not having a HUD and having to wipe the blood and condensation off of my gas mask during combat.  I like having to sight the gun.  Stealth is sometimes essential, though never mandatory.  Gunplay is lethal.  Ammo is sparse, you're sure to run out, and you can't afford to buy much in the few metro station settlements you come to.  Even if you do save up by selling guns backtracking to the one merchant you can to sell guns you get off bandits you killed, your money just disappears when you get to the next station whether you spent it or not.  The graphics are awesome, and the parkour first person cinematics are first rate.  The gameplay is gory and brutally dark.   I also enjoy the fact that there is a lot of alternate content, some that lets you play the different parts of the story from a different character's viewpoint.  I kept getting to spots where I have to start over all or part of the game because I realized I wasted too many bullets and wasn't going to be able to kill the horrible mutant thing trying to kill me in an underground moscow subway tunnel with only seven shotgun shells and six bullets for the automatic rifle. That, or I had to cross a dilapidated, irradiated moscow surface world without any filters left for the gas mask and just kept suffocating after my auto save point.  You do seem to regenerate health fairly quickly (although there's no health bar to be sure), but if you get caught in a quick crossfire or a six foot tall rat like mutant gets you from behind you're pretty much done for.One point of possible critique is that the game is fairly linear, as opposed to ""Open World."" Though it isn't as bad as Metro 2033, which feels like you're a rat with an automatic rifle running through an underground maze with only one way to go (I complain, but I actually really enjoy Metro 2033 as well). The linear quality of the gameplay allows for the scripted and expedient progression of the plot line, I guess. The game is story rich and story driven.  Great project from a novel.Aside from Bethesda, 2k are responsible for most of my other favorite games.  The Borderlands, Bioshock and Metro series all hail from 2k and are all really good series.Side note:  Best video game lap dance."
,Recommended,287390,30694689,Posted: 23 March,all,Caine,"I love this game so much, I dare to say it's another Skyrim to me"
,Recommended,287390,21021940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Annie T. Mood,"It's Metro: Last Light but hardly-noticeably prettier and all of the previously released DLC already included.It's made to be a much faster more action-y game than its predecessor where that one was more about ""survival"". The achievements are also far less demanding and too easy as opposed to the original Last Light's with its more specific desires.While it's meant to look very pretty there aren't many PC options to tweak with. Not even a windowed mode option is in the options menu.Just like in 2033 Redux you get a choice of two playstyles, Survivor or Spartan. Survivor is meant for those who want a minimal, quiet approach to things and the mode decreases the supply count you get from looting, makes you take less bullets before you die, and slows your reload speed. Spartan is designed for more for an action oriented run with the mode increasing supply count from looting, gives you more health, and faster reloading speed. Still just like in 2033 Redux there's still hardly a difference between the two choices especially if you're conserving and/or are efficient. The only thing I actually noticed that's different is the reload speed so however you play in either playstyle choice they give you there'd barely be any changes.The only real benefactoring difference in the gameplay is the difficulty choice you choose from; Normal, Hardcore, Ranger, & Ranger Hardcore. Normal and Hardcore gives you the option to have a third gun to carry around, your UI visible, more loot, and more health. In Ranger and Ranger Hardcore you're only allowed to carry two guns, your UI is practically gone unless you manually check your supply count (via journal), your max ammo carry count is decreased, you do more damage, and you die faster. With the missing UI even the originally visible prompts to open doors, loot, etc. are gone so you'd have to know where and what you'd be pressing the USE or TAKEDOWN buttons for. If you explore, are effiecient, and loot a lot then ammo and currency will hardly be an issue no matter the difficulty.The gunplay in this I found to be phenominalwhen fighting people and mutants. Each gun sounds like they really make an impact when fired as well as when a bullet makes contact with something, especially with an un-supressed revolver. For most of the guns the ammo count is visible on the gun itself. It's both a cool attention to detail and a nifty feature for the higher difficulty playthroughs. If you're incredibly low on ammo for the current gun you're using then there's a good chance you'll actually get to see that you're low on bullets.The stealth, while it works mostly, is way too easy. The game pretty much wants you to go from one specific enemy to another like connecting the dots or going from A to B to C for guaranteed stealth. Practically every enemy is in a place where you can take them down quietly & without being seen. If they're not already they're likely going to be after some idle chatter. All the idle chatter is unique and interesting if you're into the actual story of the game but as soon as they end most of the talkers involved go somewhere empty and convenient for you to take down thus not really encouraging a stealth challenge. You can kill or knock enemies out via them short cutsceney-takedowns but aside from some achievements and a chance at either of the desired two endings it doesn't matter what you do as they've never woken up for me even when someone spots their body.The game features retrievable throwing knives as part of the lethal sneaky approach you can do however they're a bit overkill as they follow some modern-shooter rules regarding bladed projectiles like these; if they hit an enemy ANYWHERE it's an instant kill, at least when you're in stealth.Enemies have a tendency to react very late to things they should be reacting to like hearing your footsteps, seeing something unusual, the usual stealth mechanic stuff in plenty of games.The game likes to storytell even outside of the loading screens & cutscenes and it helps that the game is just incredibly atmospheric in many ways despite its overall linearity. There are quite a few areas that can only be reached if you look around & explore a bit that give useful stuff and a small historical backstory on some situations. Collectible diary pages can be obtained in almost all of the levels that give a bit more of Artyom's insight on the current story and there's idle chatter from civilians and even enemies that give you better ideas of the lore of the series. While having Russian voices on gives the game a more genuine feel to it a lot of the idle chatter you could listen in on doesn't have subtitles so if you can't understand the spoken language, tough luck. It was like this in the previous games and it's like this now.There's a good and bad ending to the game like in 2033 via a ""Moral Point"" system. This isn't tied to going lethal or non-lethal on everything however going full-on non-lethal in an area tends to reward you with a point upon exiting the area. You get these points by listening in on certain chatter, exploring, and basically doing ""moral"" stuff. You lose 'em by being ""immoral"". Not taking the time to explore & listen may as well be losses of points in themselves as there are a crazy amount more of gain opportunities than losing points.Last Light original isn't available for purchase anymore apparently. This is essentially just the same game with a few sparkles thrown into it."
,Recommended,287390,21020701,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chiwaku,"Damn, this games always suprises you.11/10, great game :)"
76561198047602059,Recommended,287390,21018565,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Neokigali,Pretty good game! If you've ever played Metro 2033 play it on Ranger Hardcore its the best way to play it! You and your enemies are glass-cannons.
76561198088885946,Not Recommended,287390,20991800,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DUSTOFF 46,"Decent presentation, forgettable settings and characters, frustrating save system.  Will loose your interest after a few hours unless you have play literally all the other great shooters and still have gaming time to burn.  Doesn't stand out among its more creative and open ended contemporaries, much less low-tech but still outstanding classics that you could play instead."
76561198197346114,Recommended,287390,21004452,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,߷߷߷߷߷߷߷߷,gg story 9/11
,Recommended,287390,19139743,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Lime_Jim,"This game really should not be played without previously playing the original Metro 2033, this game answers a lot of unanswered questions from the first game regarding the supernatural and the Dark Ones. Just as good as the first game, very similar in gameplay, it is like a movie with bits of gameplay between and no shortage of original dialogue and many Metro dwellers with unique dialogue. Same issues as the first game, doesn't really show you many of the weapons. Encountered one bug, and at a bossfight too, the boss would get stuck in the ground (the big Bear thing) but after reloading a few times it fixed itself. The ending's are good and leave room for future games. All-in-all a good game."
76561197988460902,Recommended,287390,16455061,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,UgLy LlaMa,"Play the games, read the books. Thank me later!"
,Recommended,287390,16452924,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,*screams hysterically*,"As someone just picking up the game without playing the first, I'd say this game was spectacular. The world was extremely immersive, there were so many conversations and background talking going on that was actually very contributive to the story and overall feel of the game. The game was a little creepy at times, made me feel very vulnerable in certain situations too. This game is a must have."
,Recommended,287390,16456344,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TonTon ツ,I LOVE THIS GAME OMFG SO AWESOME
,Recommended,287390,16456865,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vantrium,"I was very impressed with the gameplay, story and graphics. The're are a veriety of customizable and unique weapons that fit into the post-apocoliptic vibe. The story is very interesting and is full of complicated relationships with characters and groups. A major technique in this game is stealth which leads to very good gameplay and battles. You definately have to think about what you are about to do before you do it in this game. The graphics are amazing. There is a great attention to detail and everything is top of the line quality. I loved the voice acting most of all, the russian accents pull you into the story even more.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,16459449,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jonp1020,It's like Fallout with russians10/10
76561198073663871,Recommended,287390,16460492,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Assin,Real good game
,Recommended,287390,16462280,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[BG]Aranico,Loved the series and can't wait for the next.
,Recommended,287390,16407865,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pels,"Don't care about the graphics, bugs. and some stuff. The plot makes this game Awesome!Maybe this game will change your view of life. Meanwhile start trust in everyone it's not always the right way...An awesome game cliché"
76561198045719937,Recommended,287390,19553138,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Suicidal Plantpot,"Drink vodka, get lap-dance,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198054502805,Recommended,287390,17450612,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Glue,atmosphere out the wazoo and oozing with style 10/10
76561198170215730,Recommended,287390,17451021,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,HoochieMama69,Beautiful.
76561198240866626,Recommended,287390,17452378,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Khan,Great series loved the book series aswell as the game. its a must play!!
,Recommended,287390,17462897,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Primordial98,I'm now fluent in Russian. best Russian Fallout sim ever11/10 best game chuvak
76561198044794104,Recommended,287390,17463412,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,qec,"This was a great game. My only complaint is that wasn't long enough, and I would've liked to see a greater amount of weapon options."
,Recommended,287390,17408734,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Yolome,"I bought this game for $4.99. It was my first purchace on Steam, and this game was worth every penny. Captivating story line, intense gameplay, and good graphics. If you're interested enough to read this review, grab the game already!8.5/10"
76561198099709219,Recommended,287390,17414541,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,pti40,The only reason I bought this game was to test my new build’s performance... BUT i was pleasently supprised by how awesome and adrenalin pumping it all was!Overall 9/10 (Recommend playing in “Spartan” mode  if you are not into stealth games)Came for graphics stayed for epic story.
76561198124799078,Recommended,287390,16920039,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,LORG,Great game no comments needed.
76561198084438602,Recommended,287390,16883514,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Miggles,got to kill nazis and reds  10/10
,Recommended,287390,16883935,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,MKK,10/10 would bounce♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,287390,16885820,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Groovy Tony,Just buy it. No ragrets
,Recommended,287390,17467855,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Michael J Caboose,"As soon as I finished it, I already wanted to play it again. Self control had to be strong"
,Recommended,287390,17400036,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sentinel,Fantastic game... Some may say that it is a rail shooter... yes it is set in metro tunnels
76561198182498949,Recommended,287390,17400724,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Pablo Hotcheeto,This game is the best FPS I have everplayed! I really hope they make another one
76561198183475391,Recommended,287390,17404057,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PatientZero,best series i have ever played and i have played hundreds but this one was the best because it has a good story and it is very thrilling i would i highly recommend getting this game
,Recommended,287390,17404953,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Exal,"Great game, awesome story!My 2 cents, start from the first game for the story ;)"
,Recommended,287390,17405232,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,aurorum,"And I thought 2033 was going to be a one hit wonder..Metro Last Light is a game that runs very well, without any glitches, crashes, hickups or flaws for me and my 4-5 year old system.  It is a spectacularly beautiful game that takes in the environment of subterranian wonder, excitement and the foreboding feeling of those dark places that send chills down your spine and make you truly feel alive. This is the closest I've been to the urban subterrain and I have to say, it's presented very well. The sounds, the lighting, the textures.. everything is a work of art.I did not have to purchase the original games to get the redux versions working.I did encounter the game not wanting to start saying something about missing exe's. However, I went in game options from steam library and 'Verified Integrity of Game Cache' and then selected 'Play Metro Last Light Redux' versus the option to 'Launch' and it has worked flawlessly since.10/10 on everything. My only wish is to be able to explore Metro as an open world and hopefully see some of those other tunnels and unknown places.EDIT: I also hear you have to be on a 64bit OS to run the redux games.phenom II 975 be, HD sapphire hd6790 1gig, 4gigs 1600 mushkin ddr3, caviar black hdd, windows 10 pro 64 bit."
,Recommended,287390,17405513,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Lokaror,"Awesome first person shooter, with many improvements from the first game. Highly Reccomend"
,Recommended,287390,17407718,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,bambles,"Strongly reccomend this game to anyone considering buying it, it really is a unique experience for a video game."
76561197964522341,Recommended,287390,17684768,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Vostok,Good atmosphere. Does stealth well. Doesn't do a good job (or any job) of explaining certain things and that can get pretty frustrating. Very enjoyable overall.
76561198055899818,Recommended,287390,17748911,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Lego Green Goblin,"Constantly looking for oxygen tanks or else you sound like the asthma kid after recess. Like, what the ♥♥♥♥ Chase, you were playing Yu-Gi-Oh at the picnic tables."
,Recommended,287390,17733726,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jazzy Gym,One of the most full-filling singleplayer shooter's you'll find set in Russia. A wonderful atmosphere that takes no prisoners and a story rich with depth. A true favourite that almost never gets old.
,Recommended,287390,17735042,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,sniper24,Amazing
,Recommended,287390,17599744,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Vear,Fallout 3 < Stalker: CoP < Metro 2033 < Metro Last Light
,Recommended,287390,20497915,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jmac,"good game, good story. would have liked to have seen a bit more survival and gear aspects but meh."
,Recommended,287390,20432174,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cedde,If you like Metro 2033 than you'll probably also like this game. I found them both quite similair.There are some differences but it's more a personal thing. I finished both games and it was fun playing them.It's a good FPS game but to bad it does not have Co-op or multiplayer.
,Recommended,287390,20432657,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Niak [Je Suis Charlie],"This game is underated. Emotions, fear, joy (of shooting everything).I got the bad ending thanks to a booty, but this game deserve to be played."
76561198229878640,Recommended,287390,20494465,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,mtndewisgud,"Not as good of an atmosphere as Metro 2033, but it is definitely worth a playthrough if you like 2033.  Also, there is more human combat in this, which I enjoyed."
,Recommended,287390,20490562,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Virtuel.MoZiLoR,"11/10 Best throwing knife simulator ever made !Probably my best gaming experience of the year, didn't buy the game on release because I thought I couldn't run it but I actually runned it on maximum settings and I have to say that the graphics of this game are absolutely gorgeous ( I spent about 30mn doing screenshots ) !I played Metro 2033 so on this one I started on maximum difficulty and ranger mode, without HUDs and you fell like you are in the game, the graphics, the lights,  the ambient, the sounds everything in this game is immersive and even if it's not an open world, you get rewarded when you explore and search everywhere.You can play stealth mode or shoot everywhere but if you choose the second option you will have to care about your ammunitions because you can actually get stuck in your progression if you don't and you run out of ammo.The gameplay mechanics are basic but just what you need, in my opinion the game just needs a better cover system since you get killed quite easily on max difficulty."
,Recommended,287390,20448842,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Chooseday,Incredible immersion.
76561198076598954,Recommended,287390,20454983,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MangoMushie,BAEUETIFUL
76561197994195516,Recommended,287390,20454874,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Vulcan,"Good sequel to Metro 2033 (Redux). It is mainly more of the same with some minor improvements.However I didn’t really like the hidden mortal system which leads in the ending you get, even when playing carefully and OCD-ing on doing the ""right"" thing, you still don't get the best ending. After looking in some walkthroughs afterwards, this system is just too obscure. And although it is a good game, I don’t feel like playing it again just to get the better ending.Also there were some annoying but not game breaking bugs and sometimes the way you had to take or what you had to do next was a bit too weird (NPCs giving you unnecessary confusing information for example). This was less of an issue in the first game Metro 2033But regardless of that, it is good story based shooter with a great atmosphere, definitely worth a purchase, on discount in particular. Shooting monsters in the face with 4-barrel shotguns and ball bearing air guns make up for a lot :-)"
76561198174115395,Recommended,287390,20704670,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,cobweb burning simulator
,Recommended,287390,20645385,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ekho,Its a good game.End of review
,Recommended,287390,20699530,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bandit,Most beautiful game I ever played until 2015. Recomended for sure!
,Recommended,287390,20548268,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,inthosedreamsicanfly,Extremely horosho
76561198144886386,Recommended,287390,20548554,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jizz Khalifer,PROs-Good graphics-Awesome gameplay-good action-better way and improved way of switching wepons-2 new difficulties-good ending-good storyline-long campain-awesome lapdancesCONs-some hard parts-some bugs might occurspend all of your money on lapdances(10/10)
,Recommended,287390,20531296,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Azrael,"A thrilling blend of the Fallout & S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Universes' set in the post-apocalyptic world of a nuked Soviet Russia. You as the protagonist continue your journey through the bleak world as you fight humanities worst characters and its’ worst creations.I sincerely recommend the Metro games, especially now that the redux versions make both games far more stable & playable."
,Recommended,287390,20595660,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ReturnoftheZak,A game that even Artyom would like.
76561198049675221,Recommended,287390,20554734,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Marshall,This game is so beautiful...
76561198073863569,Recommended,287390,20555261,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,WHY!!!!!,"Rich, shocking story line. Saw (. Y .) in the game. hookers!!!!!10/10 would play left handed"
76561197981339241,Recommended,287390,20601086,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kdog,"pretty good, works well with steam controller, decent graphcis"
76561198064822661,Recommended,287390,19843656,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thile el dominador,"First i've rated this game as bad because it randomly crashes during gameplay or the intro and that's really anoying.But during the gameplay i got so into the game, i've loved its style and gameplay!You can either sneak through levels or go rambo style!The story was great too, the game changed my mind and made me edit my review."
,Recommended,287390,20603000,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GorillaGames,god game
,Recommended,287390,20288323,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chinoborracho,"This game (and Metro 2033) cost me less than cab fare to a trendy bar. It's best described as ""We don't go to Ravenholm anymore"" The Game. Decent pacing, tight controls (and when they're not it's for a reason). The stealth system is like a dumbed down Splinter Cell Conviction, but it's not really the focus here.The game rewards exploration, but not risk taking.  You'll miss out on a new gun if you avoid combat, but you could buy it a few stations down for a decent price anyway.  You might not come out net ammo positive after combat, and if you need a certain weapon to complete a setpiece, the game will lay them around the level.  Just something to keep in mind.At no point does this game force you into an escort mission, in fact one AI buddy is a lot like Elizabeth from Bioshock Infinite.tl;dr Play with Russian voices for maximum cheeki breeki, game is genuinely scary, contains monster closets but only if you screw up stealth or go loud intentionally.  Lapdance was only a 6/10."
,Recommended,287390,20283198,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,FrostyBud777,THIS.... IS ... AMAZING.. !!!!!
,Recommended,287390,19323258,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Zinbar Vorn,what a game...
76561198201331573,Recommended,287390,20277973,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Roben015,A very good game with a very good story line...
,Recommended,287390,20239329,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tengu 7700K,Must have if you played the original METRO 2033. Awesome Graphics and the overall game atmosphere is creepy which will keep you at the edge of your seat for certain.
,Recommended,287390,20289796,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Masterix,"Great storyline, great atmosphere.The game makes immerse yourself in it so deep thanks to its suspense, fear, adrenaline, fun and breathtaking moments.. also for a better feeling of immerison I recommend choosing the survival mode because it limits the resources you can find in the game (ammo, air filters..) so you have to use them wisely. It's a wonderful single player experience which you can pick up just for a couple of bucks during sales!"
,Recommended,287390,20283246,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BubbleShuffle,No adidas and no squatting in the metro0/10 unrealistic game
76561198238501894,Recommended,287390,20667134,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Wizard Porn,">Started playing>♥♥♥♥ yeah lets shoot some monsters>Everything normal>Spider part>Millions of spiders>Look around, everything is spiders>Look in front of me>Spiders>Look behind me>Spiders>Look at reflection>I am a spiderSpider/10 would spider againBut in all honesty this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing in every aspect. Challenging, yet rewarding. It has earned a place in my top tens."
,Recommended,287390,20693569,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Twitchy Maximus DeCrapolo,I adoptioned E.T helped him phone home and killed lots of CSGO russaisn69/69
76561198116012524,Recommended,287390,20740144,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ax | Exilum,F**cking LOVE IT!
,Recommended,287390,20823086,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DisaFear,Great game! Not as spooky as the original Metro 2033 but the gameplay and story are still up to par. The graphics are very good too. Not sure if it was just me but it also felt shorter than Metro 2033 but was still amazing. Definitely recommend for any FPS fan.
76561198080526242,Recommended,287390,20775753,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ILikeTrainsKid,how to get good ending: listen to every single conversation in the gamehow to get bad ending: play the game normally      10/10 would listen to nazis talking about hanging a commie again
76561197972518312,Recommended,287390,20812439,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sergius,"I enjoyed this, just like the first one the ""moral points"" system is pretty ambiguous and poorly explained - I guess that's why we have YouTube to watch the other endings.  From a gameplay PoV, I found the stealth mechanisms pretty lacking, trying to ghost sections was an exercise in frustration most of the time."
76561198039333875,Recommended,287390,20811496,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Andiro,This game is awesomeAwesome graphics (loads my gtx 970 g1 gaming to the max)Awesome gameplayAwesome storyAwesome
76561198034558971,Recommended,287390,18557800,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CrumpleBee,"I have only played the redux version of this game, and I read a lot of reviews claiming errors and glitches, none of which I experienced.  This game was definitely one of the best first person story lines I have ever played. If you are looking for an in depth story line mixed with fast paced action this is it."
76561198014378718,Recommended,287390,18606072,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Liandri,"This scared me straight. Not really, but I love this style of game. Lost sense of hope, and spooky scary monsterss."
76561198093248399,Recommended,287390,18593292,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Rice,Very story rich and excelent combat. nip slip warning
76561198069892795,Recommended,287390,18591821,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,zLi,🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
,Recommended,287390,18592081,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fluffiest Floofy Floof,Worth it.
,Recommended,287390,18590630,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,that book scene from IT,Morales WILL be tested
,Not Recommended,287390,18588844,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Soret,"I would of killed the Dark One too if I would of knew he was going to leave me there to die, what a prick."
76561198073677746,Recommended,287390,18587343,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Svabo,Buy the game You will get free lap dance !PS:Be sure that You have 5 bulets in inventory!
,Recommended,287390,18714223,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,powdered_h2o,"Amazing games. Have it on PS4 and PC. Last Light does run at a higher fps than 2033. Looks amazing on my 27 in 1440p 144hz g-sync monitor. Great story. The kids are creepy in this game. And women are sexualized too much.  with a single 970 got about 45-60 fps with 2033, Got 70 plus fps with last light. I would recommend this game to anyone who like a narrative driven video game in a dystopian setting. MAKE A TRILOGY already. Waiting for the next game. Will not buy sequal if there is a season pass, console exclusive content, or any pre-order/ modern game company milking of costumers. Another side note, SLI in this game apparently only raises fps by an average of 9 fps which is not really great. Dont buy another Graphics card until Direct X 12 come out."
76561198018981553,Recommended,287390,18714710,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Spetznaz,"Remembered seeing commercials for it when I was a kid but never played it.  Finally played it and wow.... definitely in my top games of all time.  Awesome gameplay, very immersive environmental story telling.  Both Metro and Metro Last Light are great.  First game is a little scarier, but I prefered the second to be honest.For a guy who really dislikes FPS this one was insanely fun."
,Recommended,287390,18714801,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,aegorsuch,"Some people gripe about some aspects of the story, but I think it is great. The characters are also much more fleshed out in some ways, and Artyom seems to have more personality, as for the most part he is no longer merely reacting to the events around him. As I mentioned in my Metro 2033 review, if you haven't read Dmitry's books, you are missing out. Buy these games and buy the books!"
76561198247132298,Recommended,287390,18705560,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Venoms Wraith,"An instresting game with high steath as well as action implaments, the story is great and the atmossphere is dark and creepy it realy makes you feel sorry for mankind and the fate of everyone around you. All in all a slid  great game"
76561198158104128,Recommended,287390,18739412,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mole,"Great gameplay, Great story, Scary as hell. Whats not to love?"
76561198133818741,Recommended,287390,18737569,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,NuclearLemons,PUTIN SIMULATOR 2015
76561198118784207,Recommended,287390,18740022,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I'm So Sorry Loe,Burn da webs ._.
76561198036307670,Recommended,287390,18574426,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,cameronise,"Beautiful, Atmospheric, erie.This is easily one of the best games I have played. The story is engaging and emotively provocative. The gameplay is polished to near perfection. It has incredibly detailed and erily beautiful level design. Incredibly smart and believable AI.All of these things in combination make something beautiful!It is an incredibly dark game with the main setting being incredibly bleak, but instead of it just being depressing it leaves you wanting to know more about the world and to explore.This is what all games set in the post-apocalypse should look to for inspiration!10/10"
,Recommended,287390,18316597,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PhatKatVG,Ranger Hardcore was very worth it. Should be the only difficulty it just makes it a better experience overall.
,Not Recommended,287390,18242055,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,MizzMizz,boring and repetitive. pretty lame.
,Recommended,287390,18452510,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Haze,"face it, we're never getting HL3.the Metro games do a pretty good job of filling that void.for the most part, I do like them better. except for the confusing stealth sections."
,Recommended,287390,18285620,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lucatema,"Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light are worthy of your attention if you love story rich games with excellent atmosphere and fun survival horror gameplay. These are some of best games I've played in a while, and I would buy them again if I ever lost them somehow.Now, before we go onto the good and bad of Metro: Last Light, keep in mind that the story of Metro: Last Light is completely based on the aftermath of Metro 2033's bad ending. The bad ending is how the original book ended and the ""good alternate ending"" is complete rubbish. Metro: Last Light is not based on Metro 2034, the sequel to the original book, but is actually a separate story that will be novelized in the future as Metro 2035. (English publication is expected in 2016)Understand? Good.The Good:- Fun stealth and gunplay- Genuinely scary and tension filled moments-Interesting and engaging story-The most immersive game I have ever playedThe Bad:- Mute Protagonist (except for loading screens for some reason)- Hammered in love interest that is less likable than Donald Trump and Mitt Romney combined.- Transitions between scenes can sometimes be glitchy or choppyThe Meh:- You have to jump through quite a few hoops to get the actual good ending to the game.- A lot of the greatest details of the story are stored away in NPC conversations and journal logs. While you can get by perfectly fine without coming across all of them, if you're here for the story it's best to get as much as you can.Sometimes your favorite games are ones you can easily criticize, and I love this flawed game. It's glitchy at times and it had some missteps when it came to certain characters. Even with all of that, I would recommend this game to anyone just for the experience.9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,287390,18565663,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZuzaGG,"A game that has many epic, inmressing, scary and sometimes beautifull moments. A game that is better ( in my opinion ) than Last of Us. Its that type of game that when you end the game, you sit there, wathcing the credits role, and still think about the for about 5 minutes.If you cant choose what to buy between Metro 2033 and Metro LL, choose LL. It isn't that much depressing and is longer than 2033. Good thing do, you dont need any beast PC to play and you get every DLC together with this game.If you still didn't bought this game, you should. Play when it is dark without any people around you, you will have the greatest moment of your life."
,Recommended,287390,18563196,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ct,-Bought game at 5am-played game for 5.5 hours-finishes story and gets bad ending-cries a lot-plays another 5.5 hours and gets good ending-cries20/34 would play again
,Recommended,287390,16684306,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Samurai-Sloth,"Last Light is an improvement on the core of the original game in every way. The story ramps up, with Artyom attempting to rectify his major mistake from the first game & uncovering a plot to take over the metro. New weapons include pistols, shotguns, actual sniper rifles & land mines. New locations & characters abound; the Metro has never looked more alive & varied. Levels are larger, more interesting & even less linear (in most cases). If you're a big fan of the ""thinking shooters"" like Bioshock or the new Fallout games then I suggest you pick this up, along with the redux version of the first game.The only negative that comes to mind is tonally it's divorced from the first game. The first one had a dower & cold feel, while Last Light is much more ""Hollywood"" with a lot more explosions & bewbs. I feel that the first metro is superior in that regard."
76561198142009121,Recommended,287390,18661634,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,CHIKEN,could somebody help me because my game keeps on crashing everytime i open it even on different computers
76561198039602596,Recommended,287390,18689883,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SteelieD,Metro: Last Light is a good game to play on pc. And if you have a get  gaming pc and  good  graphics.
76561198048682680,Recommended,287390,18669705,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vladeth,"Simply great. When watching the trailer I was originally horrified, as all I saw were explosions, a hail of bullets, and acrobatics... But do not worry, Metro has not gone Call Of Duty on us, instead it gives us a more than worthy successor to Metro 2033... and it is beautiful!It looks, feels, and gives us a story like a true Post-Apocalyptic king. In my humble opinion, one of the best games of its genre, no - best games period, out there."
76561197970549991,Recommended,287390,18538310,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,RedFox,"From what I've been able to find by reading around, LL Redux is improved textures/lighting. Overall, it looked the same as the original Last Light to me, but the original looked great anyway.If you already own Last Light, this purchase is probably not going to give you anything new. If you have no played Last Light yet, you should absolutely get this if you enjoy atmospheric shooters with many great steath-shooter level designs."
,Recommended,287390,18578307,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZA WARUDO,7.8/102sad4me
76561198133170383,Recommended,287390,18626975,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,N12K-Toxic Wasteland,Really good game Do u want to be betrad? Shoot Nazis? See the furher? Shoot commuists? Nock eveyone out u see? if u said yes this game is for y are u arent a redux ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,18660210,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Rustler of Jimmys,If you are a fan of stalker and fallout this is a great game for you
76561198085611310,Recommended,287390,18660223,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AYY LMAO,best  game ever story mode is amazing maked my cry a bit very good maded  great grafics   will buy the books of this game seems very intresting
,Recommended,287390,18660645,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Apokolypse,"Just as good, if not better than, the first game. I want more!"
,Recommended,287390,18655361,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,bGs,Hard gameplay but awesome ... i really enjoyed it !
76561198099896341,Recommended,287390,18678112,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Markusbu2403,good game! worth to buy.
76561198051984188,Recommended,287390,18842017,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Awesome game
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,287390,18841135,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ezoe,"It was better than 2033, but boring."
,Recommended,287390,18721377,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vivas Paradice,"Very good game, I dont even play single player games much, kept me intregued the whole game. Loved playing it. It was like a book you are able to play!"
,Recommended,287390,18759093,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mindukas24,For me is the best game with interesting story line.
,Recommended,287390,18763377,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"The sequel remake of one of my most favorite, underrated games in recent times.  The original version of Last Light is no longer on Steam, and I was never able to play it, but I was thankfully, able to get ahold of the remake, Metro: Last Light Redux.This game expands on the events of the first Metro 2033 title greatly, and as such I do not recommend anyone play this without first having played that.The developers took a slightly different approach to this title in comparison to the original game.  There are actual boss battles regularly throughout this game, as well as a bit more of an open atmosphere in comparison to the tunnels of the first game.  You spend a lot more time out in the upper world than you did in the first title.  There is a better sense of atmosphere in this one than even the first game, the majority of the time the game is in such a tense state you could cut it with a knife.  There are so many twists and turns in this game, it really keeps you on your feet.The new game modes (Ranger) provide a better stealth experience and a overall harder experience trying to keep ahold of ammo, medkits and filters.  This new difficulty, coupled with new weapons, a new adventure, new characters and a whole new experience and new ways to play, really bring this sequel to life.  I am proud to say that Last Light is a great sequel to a great game.I highly recommend this game (so long as you've played the first title in the series) to anyone who enjoys a great post-apocalyptic world and story with a tense atmosphere and some great stealth gameplay."
76561198254906345,Recommended,287390,18738342,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sparhawk,"Fun game, very linear gameplay but a nice mix of steath and survival/monster killing. Great looking game and for 4 bucks cant go wrong."
76561198064656177,Recommended,287390,18702874,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Thug Caillou,"after playing both the games metro:2033 and this metro:last light i would have to rank them 9/10 for story its pretty good there are some parts that are just allright, but most if great. The action though is easily a 10/10 for me, why because the weapons and the mods allow you to play the game the way u like it u can go stealth with a silenced revolver that has a long stock and x2 scope to snip without other enemys hearing the shot. OR you can go beast mode using a ak-47 or  a quad barrel shotgun.  This game is great because you are in a new enviornment a vast metro\subway system were you aren't just fighting monsters or whatever you are fighting other people even nazi's.  If you are looking to play this game you shouldnt because you need to go back and play metro 2033 the story wont be complete and the gaming experience wont even be close to as good if you dont start with the first one, in fact in my opion the first one has a better story but this one(last light) has better game play.metro 2033-----story-> 10\10---------gameplay-> 9\10metro last light----story-> 9\10---OR---10\10 if you played the fist one----gameplay-> 11\10"
,Recommended,287390,18893053,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,UncleSam,Nikolai Belenski Sim 201410/10 Would Russian Again.
76561198159474702,Recommended,287390,18899439,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,_bartul_,"A masterpiece.. the story, the atmosphere, the characters, everything about this game is a masterpiece well worth the price. I strongly recommend playing Metro 2033 (a good game but not as good as the sequal) first to better understand the story and playing on ranger difficulty for the full apocalypse survival experience."
,Recommended,287390,18912280,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,hardcore soviet baggotry,"You know that ""You were born in the vault, You will die in the vault"" BS? just throw that all out the window, and Just play this game. You will enjoy it better then that overhyped garbage.FALLOUT: ""dont drink the cool-aid!""METRO: ""DRINK ALL VODKA!"""
,Recommended,287390,18900393,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheNoobStevio,oh ma baby jesus this game story is SOOOOOOO FRIGGEN amazing just the story feels like it ends too early but thats just my opinion.
,Recommended,287390,19049745,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,WetPickle,very good fps game...just a little horror...hehehe
76561198202142408,Recommended,287390,30607144,Posted: 18 March,all,jrmyrter,A very great game if you like snarling around and such
76561197982435348,Recommended,287390,19079263,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Flapz,Metro games are simply amazing! One of the few single player games I would recommend.
76561198131120013,Recommended,287390,19072109,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,CaarL,"Great story, Great graphics, Great endingWould recommend 100%Wish it hadn't finished so fast ;(The strippers and lap dances were a bonus."
76561198058255759,Recommended,287390,19080419,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TX-55 Metal Gear Autism,"If you don't like being called a rabbit over and over by an annoying russian lady, don't buy this game."
76561198033691111,Recommended,287390,19017274,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lauri Noormets,Like
76561198066071334,Recommended,287390,15365479,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Trilita Pony,"Unfortunatly I couldn't play the game at all on my computer. CHaracter models and weapons refused to show at all, but the rest of the game ran perfectly fine. So I picked up the *shudders* PS3 version of the game, glad I did so. Worth the price tag, but wish they would fix this issue on the pc version."
76561197971073368,Recommended,287390,15394520,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"............Life is dark. I wake. I smell my own body, I have done as long as I can think back.The last good meal I had was Ola's cat. It was good meat, she is still crying.I have 14 toes, women think this to be lucky........The radiation soon kills them............I do not remember their facesThis is Metro........Na Zdorovie"
76561198019779711,Recommended,287390,15327943,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,undren88,Worth every cent
,Recommended,287390,14812315,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RD,"Awesome! Alot of fun, with a pretty long campaign, too. The boss fights are very challenging, and quite annoying to be honest, since IMO it doesn't fit to the overall gameplay style of Metro: Last Light. Remake wise, the original Last Light had pretty good graphics, and i don't see much of a difference in the Redux. Should you buy this ? HECK YEAH! If you want a real adrenaline rush, and a immersive campaign, do NOT miss on this one.9.7 / 10."
,Recommended,287390,14816025,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,b a c o n .,"So I tried to enjoy the scenery. . .and I died either because of running out of filters, broken gas mask, or get chased by whatever creatures by the river. So yeah, couldn't waste some time to enjoy the awesome atmosphere :/But it's alright, the game's still fun and fascinating and spooks you!Survival mode is recommended!P.S.I noticed that some users aren't able to launch the game/play for the second time once installation (I got that too), and I basically revert (turned off) the optimisation from NVIDIA for the game. Then manually set up the quality in the game's option. Mine (GTX770M) actually works."
,Recommended,287390,14937783,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Conor McTapout,Even though i recommend this game it crashes when i start it up now ... Even though i deleted it. I only played an hour and it was awesome
,Recommended,287390,15398977,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[ACME]Johnny2Guns,Made a baby in a ebola clinic with a hot russian woman with daddy issues who then told my story to our son. 10/10 would pump and dump againP.s love you son.no seriously though? this game is a beautiful masterpiece that makes you think about the depths and intricacy of human emotion and thought. coupled with intense suspenseful action that would leave anyone with a heartbeat on the edge of their seat and pull on the heartstrings of even the hardest of men. buy this game you will not regret the 15 hours of your life you spent in the dark touching yourself to a underground russian hooker. 11/10 would accidently climax in a russian brothel again.
,Recommended,287390,15401078,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,FRG_DasPilot,"10/10 would run out of air againIn this game, you will be continuously doing 360ºs, be kept on alert, and get drunk.The graphics in this game are WONDERFUL and I am expiriencing no lag or screen tear. (Using a iMac (21.5-inch, Mid 2011) 2.5 GHz Intel Core i5, 4 GB of RAM and AMD Radeon HD 6750M 512 MB for graphics)I've gotten stuck at only one point, and in the beginning, you hardly ever go to the surface, stealthiness is GREATLY rewarded, in the sense that you dont waste bullets and such. Anyway, this game is my new personal favorite, I just wish that it had a multiplayer, or would let you do the missions with two people or something.Get this game,it's like the three musketeers!"
,Recommended,287390,15422222,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Die Wolfen,One of the best games ever produced. Graphics and sound are perfect along with the classic Metro gameplay which doesn't differ too much from the origional. Metro Last Light must have the best story I have played through 10/10
76561198136533107,Not Recommended,287390,15415521,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,-=[TLG]=- GhostCell,"Metro: Last Light. The game is beautiful, it has tight controls, an interesting story, and is quite fun in a lot of regards. The only major down-fall for me has been the need to collect the stupid @$$ oxygen containers for your mask so you can breathe. This one GD lame mechanic has ruined the game for me, causing multiple resstarts of the game because of having my progress haulted because my character didn't have enough oxygen to continue. I don't understand how a developer could take what could have just been pure fun and made it into a chore. Why would you make it so difficult to just play through the game and enjoy the shooting/exploration aspects. I felt rushed a lot of the time due to the need to get from A to B as fast as possible to avoid running out of air.As much as I would like to love this game, I cannot reccomend it. As an experienced gamer who has beaten many difficult games it disapoints me to have to concede to this one out of frustration with a single mechanic.If you get flustered easily stay away from this game. 5/10 ~ close, but so far away."
76561198172213522,Recommended,287390,15417150,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,pikminbeebop,"Why i think this game is amazing, the reason is that the game is beautiful any every way. this game really makes me cry in the inside, not because its sad, its because this game is really bad♥♥♥♥♥ Another thing is that there isn't anything i dislike about the game except the beginning, it was odd at first BUT THIS GAME IS FREAKEN AWESOME IN EVRY WAY! the trailer made it perfect, but weird and creepy. I just got this game like a couple hours ago and i haven't won the game yet. I know its odd to comment on a game even though you haven't bwon it yet but still i love this game plause it also runs really well"
76561198139537265,Not Recommended,287390,15409097,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,ENDER skinhub.com,every time i start up the game all the charictors and enemys are invisible can anyone tell me how to fix it
,Not Recommended,287390,15411010,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dead Silent,Can't get it to run...
,Recommended,287390,15134894,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Salvarick,"As dank, irradiated hellholes go, the Moscow Metro might be my favorite one to visit. Sure, it's part of a post-apocalyptic future where mutant predators run rampant and the remnants of humankind live in crumbling subway stations masquerading as city-states, but the Metro has a distinct culture, colorful survivors, and haunting secrets that are almost as much fun to discover as they are horrifying. It's also the setting of two games – Metro 2033 (review) and Metro: Last Light (review) – that smartly weave storytelling, stealth, and first-person gunplay into one long, darkly beautiful narrative, and Metro: Redux brings them together in one enhanced package for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. If you've never plumbed the Metro's murky depths (or are itching for an excuse to return), this is a fantastic way to experience them."
76561198142152666,Recommended,287390,15147685,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Robert94,"Well if I could  describe this game in two words they would be ""MUST OWN"". There are a very few and minor things that I did not like from the game (like the out of context frontal nudity, dont get me wrong I love bobies but they felt out of context. The way the relationship develops beetween Artyon and Anna) but everything else is BEAUTIFUL. The game is challenging, gorgeous to look at and it makes you feel that things are at stake. I dont know how the difference beetween REdux and Last light. but if you have neither this game is a MUST OWN."
,Recommended,287390,15148347,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Sequel to the original Metro: 2033, Last Light continues the story of the protagonist and is about the same epic levels of atmosphere. Totally recommended."
76561198010411668,Recommended,287390,15234008,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RayeDS,"While not being everything that it's hyped to be and suffering from issues such as non existent eye tracking, gimmicky shooter mechanics and problematic AI, it still presents a thrill no other game has quite managed to deliver. The redux edition brings more to the table (better visuals and an added game mode), though questionably gutting the achievement number. The Metro world is alive in every aspect, with attention paid to every detail. The surface is  harsh and unforgiving, same as the creatures inhabiting it. The characters have background and depth, leading a captivating story into an alternate and not so pleasant world. Yet still magnificent."
76561198060177305,Recommended,287390,14136750,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Big Niggles,"I'd consider it being on my top 20 and maybe even top 15 video games. It has a highly-detailed world, smooth gameplay, a great story, and it's very well optimized. Anyone even considering buying it doesn't need to read a review of the game. JUST BUY IT! It's an outstanding game! Definitely one of the best games of 2013/2014. It used to have crashing issues, but a previous patch fixed that issue. GREAT SURVIVAL HORROR GAME!!!"
76561198121203476,Recommended,287390,15455988,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroyz,"If you like horror,this is your game.If you like atmosphere this is your game.If you like fps this is your game.If you like survival horror this is your game.if you like games this is your game.This game asks you if you want more action or more survival horror. It blends stealth and action. It blends horror and fps.BUY         THIS           GAME.....................plz"
76561198159304504,Recommended,287390,15456426,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ivan Ivanov,"Amazing, simply amazing, was the most immersive game i have ever played.Had a perfect mixture of survival while managing to implement the perfect amount of action.However the best partt was hands down the story that made me feel like i was Artyom.Words cannot explain how great this game was.My only issue with this game is how it goes from a post-apocalyptic wasteland and a truly horrific setting to throwing you straight in to a strip club.As well as having the only women in the game naked or not naked , as well as the only women soldier going from conatantly insulting Artyom to being thrown into a meaningless relationship with him.Apart from that this game was simply amazing and going down in my list of top 10 games of all time.I rate it 9.5/10"
76561198119908410,Recommended,287390,22298335,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,John Seeya,This is a great game with great story.As well as this your all your actions in game change the ending to good or bad.
,Recommended,287390,22309822,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ellogovnah,I have  not even come close to clopmpleting this gane yet The story is 7.9/10 gunplay 10/10  AI8.9/10 Graphics9.9/10THIS GAME ALMOST LOOKS AS GOOD AS GTA5 ON THE HIGHEST SETTINGS  IF YOU PUT IT ON THE HIGHEST SETTINGS9.9/10
76561198023400310,Recommended,287390,22113510,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bendmind,Best story-line and game-play ever!
,Recommended,287390,30748745,Posted: 26 March,all,william,One of my favorite games of all time!
76561198087432273,Recommended,287390,22315565,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Collider (Juanstin),AMAZING really loved it
,Recommended,287390,22317887,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CR4CK,The Atmospheric is awesome.Story is okay.Gunplay is good.Feeling is great.looks amazing.if you like atmospheric games you will happy with it.this is the reason to play it.
,Recommended,287390,22047991,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DawnOfTheSky,"BEAUTIFUL RUSSIA SCENESFun stealth mode and the type of guns availableThe game handles itself very well, with intuitive controls and relatively smart AI.BUTVery very linear gameplayDead bodies can't be moved around, like MGS or Dishonoured. This causes you to be noticed when you kill someone in the open without getting spotted."
76561198009586252,Recommended,287390,22054256,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,efd731,do you want an impeccable fps with stealth mechanics that actually make sense?do you want your faith in humanity and god to be shattered by alcoholic russian athiests?do you want your faith in the games industry to be restored by a HD remake that's actually worth the price?get this damn game.
,Recommended,287390,30740425,Posted: 25 March,all,123,best story game ever worth ever penny
76561198162003015,Recommended,287390,22082674,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,2549572920leon,there is unsuitble sence in Venice chapter. not good for player under 18
,Recommended,287390,22083806,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mauw Chan,♥♥♥♥♥myself at the spider bits. Got rekd on the outside when I ran out of filters. 10/69
,Recommended,287390,17401191,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Aurelion Sass,"Guns, mutants, radiation... If you like post-apocalyptic games, you should definitely get this one.An amazing sequel to Metro 2033 that puts you in the skin of Artyom, one year after the events of the first game."
,Recommended,287390,30738953,Posted: 25 March,all,IStoleYourCar,"Great game. Love the aspect that there are multiple endings. Apparently i got the ""bad"" ending but i thought it was great anyway."
76561198142399808,Recommended,287390,22055015,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Comrade Blyatman,Rip Artyom the legend
,Recommended,287390,27554610,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Inquisitor Zama,"Wonderful game, stunning in every way."
,Recommended,287390,27518709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stattikkoman,Eh okay.
,Recommended,287390,27476366,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyberos the Red Dank,One of the best shooters ever made.
,Recommended,287390,27899127,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,elitekillerteam2012,MORE MORE MORE!
,Recommended,287390,27934267,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RoGunn,"Thrilling, immersive, scary, and just darn right fun. Would reccomend to any FPS gamer."
76561198281078955,Recommended,287390,27979873,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mlgbirdje21,i give this game a 8/10 the 3 metro are awsome
,Recommended,287390,16436790,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Joshua,I got it for the sex shop in vinice. All I have to say is polygons have never looked better.
76561198031747723,Recommended,287390,16440741,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Oden Asgard,"A great and immersive apocalyptic world where you can tackle your objectivs the way you want to. If you want to play something that is scary in a good way and not some stupid animatronic jump scare fest, then pick this right up and get another pair of trousers. 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,16464826,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,nestamon,"So maybe its because I don't play FPS much anymore, but this game surprised the hell out of me.  Creatively designed, interesting setting, decent storyline.  Thumbs up for sure!"
76561198031214978,Recommended,287390,16473750,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Red5fly,"One fo the best fps-games in a while (which doesn't mean that much nowdays), with major stealth elements. The game tries to offer two diffrent paths to advanding in the game, those being sneaking around the corners or blasting doors open and kicking♥♥♥♥♥ Sadly this does system does fall apart a bit. On the easier difficulties, enemies can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥thus making stealth unrewarding, but once you raise the difficulty, stealth becomes a major challenge, but going in guns blazing is not a real option, sincce enemies almost 1-shot you. The story is kinda meh with all the Dark One's and all taht sci-fi stuff, but the reason you should buy this game is not the story, it's to play the game as stealthily as you can."
76561197990687532,Recommended,287390,14807376,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,SilentStorm,played a couple missions so far very enjoyable
,Recommended,287390,14852628,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AoFFY,Very good horror game much love much wow
76561198032925551,Recommended,287390,14853685,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Klodrik,"Even better than Metro 2033. Looks awesome, plays awesome and ceeps you investet the whole way.Tough the redux version does not differ alot from the regular it is a gem. If you do not own this game, then buy it and play it!Every battle is intence and I would really recomend playing it on the hardest difficulty. That makes every battle intence and the adrenaline flowing.Played this baboy in one sitting. Worth it!10/10"
,Recommended,287390,14854233,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SKAYSCRM,nice graphic.one of very challenging single player game i've ever play.ranger hardcore mode is highly recommended.8/10.
76561198169986594,Recommended,287390,15040130,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,CoachingComa851,"After the story based guns blazing interesting first game called Metro 2033, i recommend this because its looks stunning even on low settings which shows alot but on very high settings it pulls out the game like real life, i would pay on avcerage 12.99 for this game as the campaign is about the average size, but i feel it was pointless after the game as all it was, was a downloaded campaign game which could be replayed for some reason like other games. Overall i liked the campaign and most certainly for its money while playing."
76561198054571378,Recommended,287390,15050757,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,(V@G)phil#183,"Great first person shooter. very good successor of Metro 2033Note: Make sure that you've played Metro 2033 or Metro 2033 Redux before playing this game as it takes place after the events of Metro 2033.One of the most intense games I ever had played. It feels like you are real in the game much tension an adrenaline.Missions are very good and enough variation in missions, Enough missions that let you scare. Choose your way to pllay stealth or rush to the enemies. I recommend stealth longer gameplay and much more fun of the gameThe new things that they added to this game in comparision with Metro2033 are details, things were you don't think on when you play the game, and when you then see the details that they added its literlly WOOOW this game is so amazing"
76561197975645905,Not Recommended,287390,15061170,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wack A Mole,"When buying this game I had high hopes it would be one of the must have games. But I got disappointed along the way. Graphics are okay, IA and motion of characters and enemies are not. Story line sucks balls not to speak about the narrator. This game doesn't grab your attention. Too linear and predictable. A good wakeup call for myself again, don't follow the advice of so called game critics. I looked at to many you dupe videos.Also I do have a decent game rig but I experienced many errors during the gameplay, even complete hang-ups. This should not happen. Not worth the current 19,99!Don’t spent your money on it wait until its below 4 bucks if you really want to have it. To me it is in the same category as the remake of duke nukem forever. High expectations low outcome."
,Not Recommended,287390,14817988,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,0060,removed the achievements from original
76561198132298668,Recommended,287390,14923806,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TheLaughingPineapple,Totally one of the top ten greatest games in the world.10/10
76561198039723657,Recommended,287390,14925573,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Quality_House,MORE GAS CANISTERS!!!! Still a VERY good game :)
76561198019011476,Recommended,287390,15069612,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,sparkyhammer2000,"There are so many good things to say about Metro Last Light.  Actually enjoyed playing it more than the original metro.  Why?? More challenge, better story line and the list goes on and on.  Lots of the werewolf looking creatures to kill but spreadout thoughout the game, not just one or two then over.  Couple of the bigger monsters or bosses i guess you could call them.  Very tough but can be beat, with that always carry a shotgun and remember just because it shoots more does not always make it a better choice.  Lots of gun play if that's your thing and many many enemies.  Not boring for a moment, other than some of the cut scenes are a little long and drawn out.  Complaints, very little other than sometimes you go around in circles and have no idea where you are.  Good thing for walkthrough sites and utube to help you through some of the areas.  I waited and waited for the price to come down so i could get this game.  It never happened and so when it did drop a 40% special i picked it up.  Was i dissapointed? Not in the least.  Great game great visuals great storyline, over all a great game.  You will need a faily hefty machine to see all that there is to see in the game.  A++ for me."
,Recommended,287390,15072306,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,nightfright2k,"It rarely happens that a sequel outdoes its predecessor, but that's what ""Last Light"" manages to accomplish in comparison to ""Metro 2033"". Surface missions are visually even more impressive, the action is more intense and the story (even though NOT directly based on any of Glukhovsky's books this time) is even more immersive, involving Artjom on his search for redemption, always being in the center of critical events.Besides the improved visuals, there are two major gameplay enhancements you will notice after playing the first part: There are a lot more passages where stealth is required (or at least urgently recommended) and you will encounter occasional boss fights (which are usually rather easy since the game often shows you where the enemy is vulnerable). In general, I had less issues regarding difficulty and placement of checkpoints. Also liked the fact that exploration is at least possible to a certain degree and gets rewarded by earning ""atmosphere points"" (allowing you to unlock the alternate finale) or finding extra equipment. If you act mercifully after defeating some enemies or sneaking past them, you save ammo and work towards the ""good"" ending of the story while going Rambo-style may be faster, but also riskier.As mentioned above, the surface missions are what I liked especially. You find more than enough filters for your gas mask to keep you alive, allowing you to take a close look at your environment, realizing there is some kind of twisted beauty to be found even when facing all the destruction and death the nuclear apocalypse brought upon mankind.Also worth mentioning: the very impressive showdown sequence. You'll have access to the most powerful weapons to defend the D6 outpost against an army of Red Line soldiers - intense action and several attack waves to survive. It's important to have a satisfying climax in a game, and it is executed remarkably well here.I encountered only a few problems during my playthrough. At one point in chapter 3, I was stuck while sneaking past some guards because Pavel wouldn't want to continue moving for some reason. Reloading the last checkpoint fixed that. Later on in chapter 26 (""The Dead City""), I had a crash to desktop during one of the flashback scenes, but it didn't happen again after restarting the game. Besides that, it's still regrettable that collected notes aren't showing up in your diary any more after closing and reopening the game. But that's really everything, no showstopper this time like in ""Metro 2033"" (where you couldn't enter a mine cart without activating nightvision goggles before).Summing it up, an excellent shooter in a post-apocalyptic scenario with great story, visuals and gameplay. You should have played the first part before, though - otherwise there may be some gaps in the story."
76561198155237084,Recommended,287390,15093683,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Blazecube,"This game is great, it's just the pornography and sexual content that made me stop playing this game."
76561198161614469,Not Recommended,287390,14829608,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,aliread223,"Keeps crashing, did some research and many people have had these problems with this game on many different nvidia cards. When it does work the game isn't that great. It probably gets better but I haven't been able to get that far.. I want a refund...."
76561198067798035,Recommended,287390,14830407,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dinoreck,"What to say...Enjoyed this game like a good book. I definetly recommend beginning this game in Ranger Hardcore, for that is where the game really shines. The game reminds me of a more foreloarn Crysis, with a heightened ""your being hunted feeling.""Based on the novel's by Dmitry Glukhovsky, the game features the New Russian Soviets and the Nazi's, so it follows the diverse political troubles of a country inturmoil, in turmoil.One of 6 games that made me actually burst into MANLY TEARS, the previous in the series also being on the list.Also... KHAAAAN!"
,Recommended,287390,14830598,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KidKaiser,"I bought this game for my xbox back in 2013, about a month later my friend ""borrowed"" it, and moved. Found this, and bought it. I still love it.Great storyGreat gameplayGreat glitches (not gamebreaking, just fun)Great game, 9.5/10"
76561198119747848,Recommended,287390,16879989,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mc Happy Meal,"Well, sequel to the Metro 2033 Redux does not dissapoint too! Get this after playing the first one would help!( What a hellof a ride of the story...hehe :3)"
76561198064549727,Recommended,287390,16346825,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Thermite,Fire Animations are horrendous
,Recommended,287390,16346856,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,/gamegeek/,"To put it in as few words as possible, do you own Metro Last Light? Yes? Unless you are a big fan of the series, well then this probably isn't for you.If you answered no, then you are in for a real treat. Metro: Last Light Redux, is an incredible game. Not only does it improve on the original by adding more varied gameplay styles and content, but it also tightens up graphical performance. As a new player of Last Light or even perhaps the Metro series, you will soon find yourself cowering at your desk.You assume the role of a young soldier Artyom, battle hardened from previous encounters. However you will now face creatures that you could not conjure up even in your darkest of nightmares. You will learn to fear the dangerous residents of the Metro: The bandit who wants your gear in exchange for some of his hot lead, the communists who valiently defend thier Red Line, the Nazi's who would die to serve thier Reich - Or maybe, if your not so lucky, you might instead find yourself staring into the wretched eyes of dangerous mutants that roam free within the Metro and on the desolate and bleak surface of Moscow.It's up to you to save the Metro once more...Well!? What are you waiting for? It's now or never!"
76561198170441277,Not Recommended,287390,16347332,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,doublequeens105,"Well then, I can't even play the game considering all of the people are invisible to me and only their armor and part of their weapons are visible, and I can honestly tell you that it's not my graphics card, hell, I can play Dead Space 3 on max graphics with literally no problem, and this game can't even run on the lowest quality, so yea, everything is smooth except for the fact that I'm being attacked by invisble helmet wearing soldiers. Metro is fun, but the crap they implemented into the Redux has ruined the experience for me... I wish I could get a refund for wasting $7 on a game I can't even play."
,Recommended,287390,16350227,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fadE ^13^,"This game is just good...BUY IT!!!!!!if you like spiders,radiotion or some odd♥♥♥♥♥♥BUY IT!!!!!lol just buy....BUY IT!!OMG BUY IT ALREADY!!!COME ON!!! BUY IT!"
76561198085785443,Recommended,287390,15860954,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,PeanutGangster,The dark one looks like a hot girl had no make up on :)
,Recommended,287390,15863949,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,dicarve,"Just finished the game, great storyline that keeps you guessing how will it end and also excellent combat mechanic. Combination of mutants and paranormal phenomenons are also interesting, especially when you saw ghosts of people hanging theirself because of war frustation..."
76561198125988109,Recommended,287390,16231715,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Salufo,"The most immersive single player FPS I've played yet.  I highly recommend the Survival game mode with at least hardcore difficulty, played in a dark room, with headphones.  On the easier difficulties I think the experience is too watered down.  On several occasions I barely made it out of encounters alive, either because I had taken so much damage I could barely see, or because I was nearly out of breathable air.  Those are the kind of intense, heart-pounding, and immersive experiences I look for in a good story-driven FPS.Great sound and terrific lighting make it a damn scary game at times too.  While some folks don't like the guns in the game, I found them to be incredibly satisfying and with great lighting effects as well.My only gripe with the game is that I got legitimately stumped at a few points  and had to look up some things online.If you are looking for an immersive FPS, look no further."
76561198106433139,Recommended,287390,15206308,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SneakingSword00,It is a good game!
76561198107088024,Recommended,287390,15210530,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sgt Healer,One of the Best FPS Games on the Market!There isnt really much difference between the Original Version and the Redux when it comes to Metro Last Light but if you have played both you will notice the differences in the Lighting and other effects.The Story Line is differnet to your other basic Shooters and you have different endings depending on the way you play the game.Would Recommened you just to buy and try!
76561198151526404,Not Recommended,287390,15645614,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kwgreg01,black screen on start up
76561198077429566,Not Recommended,287390,15484141,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Chickenbowser,Maybe I'm just a naive scrub but as I understood it I thought remasterings were supposed to fix known issues and improve the graphical quality. Ther'es a slight imrpovement in the later but this game has all the same issues as before and in fact there seem to be even more bugs. This game crashes hard very frequently and there are no remdies for some of the issues. Don't waste you're money on this shameless cash grab.
,Recommended,287390,15520964,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Okay.. like,"""So that's what forgiveness is... Thank you, I'll remember this..."""
76561198032245576,Recommended,287390,15524986,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,theospap,Brilliant game!!!
76561197971888642,Not Recommended,287390,15515870,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,zen,There were too many cutscenes in this game which spoilt the game play.
76561198142496615,Recommended,287390,15014036,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mrs.Vita,i think it is an amazing game to relax and move to the amazing trip. I like the graphics of this game and the gameplay is a really full of interesting stuff! thumb up!
,Recommended,287390,15550902,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,◈SILVΞRDΛRK◈,"This game is amazing.Great graphics, interesting plot, well constructed characters, and great combat.I would especially like to point out the detail that has gone into this remake, as when you are exploring the tunnels within the Metro, or stalking the Dead city of Moscow, the game doesn't feel linear at all. Solid 10-12 hours of gameplay, and even more if you really explore the world. In addition, the Redux version of this game comes with DLC that adds plenty of extra story building missions and a difficulty level.The combat is not your average FPS game where you are invincible and basically cannot die. Far from it. Even if you choose the easiest difficulties, the monsters have smart AI, unforgiving damage output, and a startling amount of health.Be warned however, you may need a fairly high end computer to play this game, as even with my gaming computer, the fps drops to 20 around intense scenes.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys post-apocalyptic game scenarios or fantasy sci-fi.9.5/10"
76561198042576053,Recommended,287390,15551155,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lost in 3d,"So I just finished playing through this redux version. I've played the original many times on many different machines(all intel/nvidia based). I'm not sure if its the latest drivers(some previous drivers caused physx issues) or any optmizations they've made but this version is much more effecient. Since I have a hex core/sli/dedicated physx config I often expect things to run smooth but its surprising how often a poorly executed engine will give grief. At full 4k/60fps this game looks great. The 3d vision on both redux's has some unusual distance rendering issues and ghosting but otherwise will render mostly at 120fps(I used a trick I read in a steam forum where you ctrl alt del to desktop then reclick on the game to renter otherwise it caps at 60fps) in 1080p(3d vision asus monitor). I just set SSAO at .5 and everything else including in the NVIDIA control panel at max(SLIx16 AA). The 4k experience is where its really at though. If you have the original LL than the possible optmizations are the only significant improvements. I had a hard time distinguishing any texture upgrades unlike the first Metro 2033. The hair textures are still pretty bad but skin/faces look good.If you've never played these games I definitely recommend getting both and start from the beginning. Fun FPS, great story, immersive world, cool monsters and environments. Again I have to say that playing in 4k is where its at if your system can handle it. This redux version also seems to include all the DLC from the original game as well."
76561198049428958,Recommended,287390,15552837,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,That_Sasquatch,"Awesome game. The gameplay is intense and the graphics are amazing. A longer storyline would have been a good point but I tend to prefer very long games so I'm kinda biased ;) anyways, the game is a 9/10 for me. If you like FPS games with well-built storylines, you will be served."
76561198076755946,Not Recommended,287390,15450161,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Future_DadBod,Great stealth shooter with an amazing story that as soon as you get into it crashes... just buy metro last light screw redux
,Recommended,287390,15598078,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sandy,I really enjoyed this game.... but what the ♥♥♥♥ was that ending!?
76561198055849908,Recommended,287390,15600179,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pirania,With the exception of the Heat Distortion Glitch that im having .... this game is great !! ^_^
76561198001304116,Recommended,287390,19383483,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Avocado Soldier,"play at home at night in the dark, guarantee to♥♥♥♥♥♥pants. brillant"
76561198135680016,Recommended,287390,19384654,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,call me daddy,"Really great game, Supsense is real!"
76561198127197656,Recommended,287390,19481185,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,兜兜里有糖 、,"Loving it, great story line I am also wanted the next game from this series."
,Recommended,287390,19515224,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Neon Kaiser,Perfect representation of modern day Russia9.9/10Not enough putin
,Recommended,287390,19516878,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Big Hoss,"First of all I'd like to say that I usually dont play single player, but I gave this game a try because why not? The second I statred this game I loved it and couldnt stop playing it until I beated the game. I loved many things about the game, the graphics are great, the enviroment is great, and most of all the story line. I would reccomend this game to anyone, especially thoes who like post-apocalyptic games."
76561198018646267,Recommended,287390,19347870,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,patriot_hunter,"Let's see good quality of image and sound. Check.Good story telling. Check, and even more deeper than the last one, in my opinion.Plot: Check. Romance: NopeThis should be Metro 2034, not Last Light. Unfortunately we don't know if they will continue the sequel.Curious guy/girl - Why?See it for yourself. Keep calm and reserve your ammo."
76561198038238168,Recommended,287390,19361940,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Creflino,"Well the game is OK.But there are some bugs.Sometimes i go under the map and i am dying and the major problem the game is the gas filters.Oh god this gas filters.I am in the mission to go to the church and i dont have gas filters so i cant complete THE .... mission.Nevermind the game is atmospherical,scary and a good fps.I recommended if you control you gas filters.:) PEACE 7/10"
76561198154035557,Recommended,287390,19382371,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The One Banana To Rule Them All,"Just started playing but this game is amazing! The graphics are good, and the mood is great! Plus it is on sale, its worth it ;)Btw my laptop isnt a high end one, but it doesnt lag a single bit!"
76561198109383498,Recommended,287390,19456909,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fibonacci Heap,"plots 10/10gun fight 10/10graphics 10/10sound effect 10/10terror 10/10naked women checkedmany monsters checkedstory of traitors checkedsome wise talk from khan checkeda heroic ending checkeda happy ending checkedBUY this game, and the metro 2033 redux IMMEDIATELY if you havent"
,Recommended,287390,19458639,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Calo,c yka ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198254968402,Recommended,287390,18665808,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mickeybking,This game is totally awesome and and the stealth is just outstanding
,Recommended,287390,19208042,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Wall-E,A worthy sequel of metro 2033. Metro last light has all the meat you craved. I bought both games on sale for around $4.7510/10 would flash my memory and replay this game again
76561198194259474,Recommended,287390,19144371,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,GameGlory,Good game
,Recommended,287390,27023886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Loli Hunter,The first game i play where there are russians but no one rushes BAlso i learned some russian word here
,Recommended,287390,26928724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Teletubles,scared game
,Recommended,287390,26936861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZEN Mode,"If you want more Metro 2033, then get this. The game runs well and looks nice on my 4 year-old linux laptop. Awesome work by the developers."
,Recommended,287390,26938785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heyeweyeweh,PLAY THIS GAME
76561198070722235,Recommended,287390,26946850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TMcWulfy,"The Metro series is one of my all-time favorite games.  Of course, you are entitled to your own opinion, but lets me break mine down for you.This game is all about atmosphere, and dispite its rather linear storyline, you have multiple ways of choosing how you play.  You can play shooter or stealthy.  You can be the bad guy or the good guy (note: I use bad and good as basic terms to distinguish possible final outcomes).  Also, you can play with varying degrees of help from the game, from everything laid out nicely in the HUD, or having absolutely no HUD whatsoever.The story is excellent and the gameplay easily customizable to how you want to play.  The novels that these games are based off of aren't half bad either.  Overall, 9/10, this isn't my idea of a perfect game, but definitely worth more than what I paid for it."
76561198085083416,Recommended,287390,26962702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soviet Conga Dog,"Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light have been two amazing games made by the same amazing developers. Just like most other developers, they were inspired by other things. It may have been nature, a movie, a person, or even a book. Either way, it's people like these who are taking shape of this world's entertainment and sending it to a whole new generation of entertainment. It is developers like these, inspired by others, that inspire people around the world to do amazing things and keep the cycle of inspiration. This game would have to be on my top ten games for this generation."
76561198036878429,Recommended,287390,26980515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xGlitch,Very good story and gameplay.
,Recommended,287390,26458645,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TripiiK,For me this is a lot of better than Metro 2033 Redux because there is more stealth action and human enemies. But sometimes game crash with no reason. And i want read original book.10/10
76561197999659834,Recommended,287390,26813256,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GeverX,One of the best post apocalyptic games.
,Recommended,287390,26820672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hooman,U just can't stop play this game!! This is so f***ing funny
76561198097886241,Recommended,287390,26391997,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GREASEGODX,Dont spend all your bullets at the club.....
,Recommended,287390,26819778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,faded af,"My favorite game of all time. I mean come on, if you've played this whole game you know what I'm talking about."
,Recommended,287390,26855719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mrbabyelephant172,"very satisfying purchase, especially the redux bundle! Play it blind though as it ruins the experience."
76561198094801022,Recommended,287390,26858846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpt.Popeye,"yea i threw some bullets on hookers.so what? (i shouldnt have done that,i should not have done that...)"
,Recommended,287390,26885683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rasputin,"Both Metro 2033 and Last Light are two very good games that I recommend to a lot of people, I really love the enviroment, and the story is good as well. The gameplay is awesome, you can choose how you want to play it, you can either sneak through the whole game, or kill them all.  There are a lot of options."
,Recommended,287390,26885825,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captaen M'Anam,"Fantastic FPS, incredibly atmospheric and gorgeous."
,Recommended,287390,26902404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Nailbrain,Really good game
,Recommended,287390,26676802,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,f0rce#,"Oh hey there little spider , little spiders never hurt nobod- OH GOD , BURN IT!"
,Recommended,287390,26745829,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,hotpackguy8abs,more spooky goodness i like
76561198114239399,Recommended,287390,26743789,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,blackholexyg,"A great sequel to Metro 2033,"
,Recommended,287390,27005167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Rex, Supreme Mustard Overlord","Inspired by a great novel and made by some of the same fellows who made the venerable STALKER series, the Metro series will not disappoint you. It will mess with your head and make your hairs stand up on end. Get it if you like first-person shooters with horror elements and great atmosphere."
76561197961293293,Recommended,287390,26762403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nodrap,Really liked this game. Production quality was amazing and gave it a unique atmosphere. Weapons were good and even the filter requirement wasn't that annoying (you sort of have a time limit in the open).
,Recommended,287390,26773898,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JerrailiciouS,Best to play
,Recommended,287390,26776046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ｓｕｒａｖｕ | スラブ,"A lot more stunning than the previous Metro games. Sure, graphically it looks exactly like 2033 but imo the story is written a lot better in this way.KudosKeeps me dreaming of S.T.A.L.K.E.R 2"
,Recommended,287390,26779792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nikolyog,You need to play it.I learned so many russian words that now i know how to make vodka from potato soup.
,Recommended,287390,26789264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smiffy,very nice
,Recommended,287390,27019319,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZV,Made my mitochondria explode
,Recommended,287390,30925125,Posted: 3 April,all,Cuprr,"This game.... it was a complete surprise to me. I only paid 6€ for a bundle with Metro: Last Light Redux and Metro 2033 Redux, and from these 2 this one is much better. The story is interesting tho you have to play the Metro 2033 Redux inorder to understand the story more. This games story is not generic zombie apocalyple but insted it tells about people in Moscows  metro tunnels trying to survive after a nuclear war, and on the surface there are mutated animals that have taken over earth. I did not have any major issues with the games performance and it was surprisingly smooth at higher settings and I was getting about 60-70 fps on average. In this game the mutated animals are not the main enemy but the humans who still want to fight against each other. There are the: Reds aka communists, Reich aka nazis, and your own ""group"". The story tells about how the Reds want to take over the metro tunnels and kill everyone else who is not a communist. All and all this is a great game and I would definetly recommend it to anyone especially if this game is on sale. Id give this game 8/10 or 9/10."
76561198058152093,Recommended,287390,27859881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spyface,This game was above all my expectations!
76561198333082572,Recommended,287390,27869960,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ERM,Such an amazing game!
,Recommended,287390,18855288,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Nacho Pistacho,"Great sequel of Metro 2033. Beautiful graphics and scenario design, the story is awesome and overall its one of the best single player FPS I've ever played. But its a very short game, on max difficulty I spent only 9 hours, so I'd recommend you to buy the whole Redux Bundle during sales.Personal Rate: 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,27879717,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tigor,"I havent played through all of the game on pc, but i finished it on xbox a while ago. And that was the non-redux version, so this game is bound to be better. Dark and eerie atmosphere makes the game so much more immersive and the graphics adds to it. There's so much i love about the game: the HUD, the makeshift-weapons, the monsters, and so much more. If you want to go full hardcore survival you can choose Ranger mode, strips your HUD, more aggressive AI, you'll have to save your ammo, and constantly check your mag and gas mask. This along with Metro 2033, makes for one of the best FPS franchises out there, too bad it's not as popular as some of the AAA titles.."
,Recommended,287390,27802523,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,im done,ы
76561197987599318,Recommended,287390,27609745,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ciccio e Tatino,"A great fps, with linear gameplay, good story and an incredible, totally immersive atmosphere, with challenging battles, very well designed enemies, and of course many twist to emphasize and climax the surviving horror mood."
76561198083705931,Recommended,287390,27595901,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spycrab,Doing it for the award
,Recommended,287390,27596543,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,crainium14,"The successor to one of my favorite FPS games, Last Light does a fantastic job of wrapping up the story. You need to play these games. Seriously."
76561198101267674,Recommended,287390,27614206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XxX.:.SLeNtSNAPERmOsE.:.XxX,realy deep story and good graphichs
,Recommended,287390,27636118,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quinkos,Better dust up that Russian Dictionary !!
,Not Recommended,287390,20379561,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Saxxon,"The game itself is great, shame I can't play. CTD on startup every single time.Months later still CTDs. Fantastic game on console. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port to PC. Wish I could play this fantastic game."
,Recommended,287390,27692724,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sharkface,One of the best games i ever played
,Recommended,287390,26346957,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FistoKnowsBesto,"Not as strong as the first game I feel, but everything you loved is still here. That also goes along with everything you didnt like. The only major difference for me, is the end of the game. It felt extremely stretched out and over its own head. To clarify, it felt like the game had no clue where the f*ck it was going. It just kept going (murdering b*tches) until it decided to advance the plot. Some segments were drawn out too long imo. Still a fantastic experience and I would recommend."
,Recommended,287390,26347411,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mike,I've spent more time in the strip club than killing the bad guys
,Recommended,287390,26363138,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Anson,"Great game, spent 9 hours completing it, probably a little too quick. But I didnt rush through it. would recomend this game though, very enjoyable, good boss scenes and decent story."
,Recommended,287390,26373813,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,P.A.T.,"You get more of the same stuff in this sequel, which isn't bad as Metro Last Light is an outstanding game.It's a game that is at the same level, if not better than the original Metro.Some of the DLC's are underwhelming, so buying them as a complete pack is better."
76561198081266411,Recommended,287390,26353655,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,mirapsi,"Great game, great story, great visuals & bought with great price.thanks steam!"
76561198142615342,Recommended,287390,26305224,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Blue,10/10
76561197964356244,Recommended,287390,26421401,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Arkady SK,Definitely one of the best P-A games out there with nice atmosphere+Gameplay+Atmosphere+Graphics+Good StealthI originally found this game in TV 2013so I decided to look up a video on it and I found good youtuber with good gameplay of the game and I still watch him now :)10/10
76561197969366898,Recommended,287390,26408412,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RubberDuckyWithaKnife,"Was surprised how well made this game series was, Excellent voice actors and pacing on the story that demanded you see it to the end... visual effects are very good to excellent very atmospheric and immersive would classify it as more survival horror it definitely taught you to fear the shadows and the creatures hiding in them! Would definitely call this a must own for any fps fan!, As far as FPS's it's top notch smooth gameplay & handling weapons feel realistic and loved that they gave you the option of going commando or stealthy assassin which added more fun and reply styled options...TL;DR   BUY this Game It's a awesome game!"
,Recommended,287390,30902209,Posted: 2 April,all,BGM99,10/10
,Recommended,287390,26830135,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SASniper,"Incredibly atmospheric shooter set in a post apocalyptic world where demons rule the surface and humans live within the old metro tunnels.  Stunning visuals mixed with intense firefights, interesting exploration, great storyline and characters make this an all time favourite for me."
76561198023831008,Recommended,287390,26847936,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pyrgi,Awesome immersive  game!
76561198078882942,Recommended,287390,26872262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrNertresfort,ITS GOOD
76561198001251929,Recommended,287390,16536302,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"The best shooting game I have played ever till the day of this review, stunning story and graphics, just like Metro 2033 they took care of every little details of the game. Metro 2033 Redux and Last Light are simply the BEST.AWESOME job."
,Recommended,287390,24145629,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Pan of TRUMP,"Even better than 2033, these games are amazing in every way. This game is beautiful, sad and happy and... well just buy it. NOW!"
,Recommended,287390,24150388,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,IceBold,"FPS, Atmoshpered, Horor, Mutan, Story Rich, Strip Club (lol), Survival many moreWe play as Artyom, boy who finding D6 at Metro 2033 an now he was jailed by NAZI and he find a friend then his frend was betrayed him, and he make kill him but he was helping a little Alien an make choise about his storyIf you like old weapon but full of attachment, killing some bandit and NATZI (RED ARMY) , make a peacefully with other ""race"" YOU MUST BUY IT!!"
76561198076333671,Recommended,287390,24086663,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shuminator,"That game is so awesome. Awesome graphics, awesome story and cool gameplay. I will give 10/10.P.S. And this russian accent... SO COOL! :)"
76561198107485560,Recommended,287390,24123710,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dwayne Williams,This game is very good looking and one of the best games i have played
76561198091574078,Recommended,287390,24110740,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rishabr45,"Amazing Game! Buy both the titles, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,287390,24115152,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,jarantrojan,It's Artyom
76561198164062413,Recommended,287390,24125088,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,(LeeR) Vozq,MUST PLAY!!!
76561198140569169,Recommended,287390,24103130,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,XenolithicYardZone,I hate those ♥♥♥♥ing demon ♥♥♥♥♥es!10/10 would get air lifted by them again
,Recommended,287390,24121829,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Panzer,best game ever
,Recommended,287390,24131052,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,¡Light,"Excellent graphics,gameplay and story"
,Recommended,287390,24115437,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Spooky Viscount Daikenki,"This game is all-around great. It has a great story, a great ending(s), great scenery (seriously, this may be the best part of the game) and great weapons.I'd recommend going through the first playthrough blind."
76561198013696879,Recommended,287390,24114165,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Infa-mouse,gr8 8/8
76561198101999878,Recommended,287390,24114368,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,S. Shen,Amazing sequel to 2033
76561198023006605,Recommended,287390,24303455,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pitch,"A solid story-driven fps with some rewarding sneaking set pieces.Just like Metro 2033, the story Last Light tries to tell can fall flat at times, as if it couldn't find the right words to say. Regardless, it still has its own charm even if you're completely lost with what's going on (or plot points that seem to simply appear for no reason).Played this immediately after beating Metro: 2033 Redux and they play exactly the same. They are also both worth your time."
,Recommended,287390,24345227,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,GibbersUnloaded,Don't pay the hooker...
,Recommended,287390,24442732,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Steppy20,"This game is definitely more atmospheric than the first one. I would like to first off say that I was a bit disappointed that you could not continue the story line with the choices from the first game, especially since The Witcher allowed for this to The Witcher 2.Having said that, wow. This game blew my mind. I had changed my ways since the first game, much like I would hope Artyom had. (I haven't read the book, don't kill me) I won't spoil the game but I was satisfied with the ending I had achieved.Story:Incredible, 10/10. That is all I need to say because you need nothing else to go on as this game is just that good. Buy it now along with Metro 2033."
76561198060257700,Recommended,287390,24459528,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Diency,"Roughly 7-10 hour single player campaign that has really well done combat and really well done stealth.Combat is tense because it feels like you never have enough bullets and just a couple hits can kill you. Also no regenerating health, you've got to find medkits! Combat aboveground is especially so since the monsters above don't have ammo on their backs so you'll find yourself constantly having ammo problems while aboveground unless you can find dead bodies with ammo.Stealth is really fun and not tedious, probably one if not my favorite stealth game! First off there's really well placed checkpoints so if you complete part of a really hard room but then make some stupid mistake you don't have to do it all over again, it is super easy to tell if an enemy sees you or not (the can only see things inside light or in their flashlight beam) and they telegraph how close they are to seeing you without some ""detected bar"" to break your immersion (they display animation stages. 1 stand up if sitting down 2 take out gun 3 bend knees a little and look curious etc.) Plus, there's something really satisfying about going up behind someone and smacking them to sleep!Story is just okay, it's interesting but not the best dialouge-wise.Also be warned there are un-skippable xxx scenes so don't play this is your grandma's living room.all in all, 9.5/10"
76561198006808369,Recommended,287390,24477685,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,spoonmonkey3,Absolutely Fantastic Game! its a card killer though.
,Recommended,287390,24382870,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RamZ,"A little overrated, but a good 10-12 hours.A chapter based, mostly linear FPS with an emphasis on survival against nature, the elements, and the worst of all, other people.I played 2033 and then this a few years later, and honestly they weren't all that different. The biggest improvement I would say is it explains things better, such as stealth. The tutorial at the beginning really does help explain things.The amazing atmosphere is back just like the first game. In nearly every nook and cranny there is some kind of story unfolding. You can listen to others chit chat about so many things, and not just the friendly NPCs either, but the enemies as well (assuming you didn't shoot them in the head already). You walk by through and everybody is going on about their own little thing. Sometimes you can just wait 5 minutes and ease drop on somebody's conversation.It also has some dumb boss fights and scripted scenes with a number of MASH E quick time events. Sometimes you may find yourself wasting bullets on something because the game decided to give said monster plot-armour for that brief amount of time. It's dumb, I'm shooting it in the head and BLOOD is coming out, it should be DYING!In the last level there is a Tank that you have to take down. It took me 20 minutes until I looked it up on Google, only to be told I had to pick up a identical sniper rifle the one I was already using to shoot off the Tank's wheels..... WHY?! Then, and only then I could blast off the Tank's turret. That was stupid, so very dumb....There also is a very big emphasis on stealth, much like the first game (though stealth was kind of funky in that one from my experience). The moment you're caught, boom, 60%-70% of all the other enemies in the area will go after your head, which is expected. But this often resulted in the levels feeling pretty repetitive.1) Try to be stealthy2) Botch it3) Take cover and a fire-fight begins4) Repeat with next levelExploration is also heavily rewarded, so much so I was drowning in bullets by the end of the game.If you like resource managment and games like Half-Life, I think you'll like this as well."
76561198144478334,Recommended,287390,24368179,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Theneonviper,Can't stress enough how good this game is i'd recomend it to everyone
76561198160700946,Recommended,287390,24227158,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[H]aCh Eh[S]a[N],I cant say a thing about this great game
,Recommended,287390,24257022,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,NightMerus,"I've just completed this game and it's amazing.Very atmospheric and dramatic, this is definitely one of my favorite franchises.It's definitely worth the full price for up to 15 hours of gameplay"
76561198213574235,Recommended,287390,24261189,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,lil pump,PICKED UP WITH METRO 2033 REDUX FOR 7.50 USD WORTH IT SO GOOD
,Recommended,287390,24260654,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,cytrik,"This game is absolutely amazing! Has a great story line, lore and has alot of realistic fighting."
,Recommended,287390,24258942,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Charge,"Really nice game, didn't seem to be as short as the first one but according to steam both took me about 8 hours on hardcore. Everthing the first game did greate was greate in the second too, especially the horror atmosphere. BUT there was a point where you couldn't sneak because the enemys could hear you from 10 meters away next to a really Crane. I had to swich to normal mode and kill all of the enemys(they were too many to kill them on hardcore). Another problem is the ammo. I know the game is also about sparing ammo but having to fight a bullet-sponge boss takes ammo. And befor the next stage you'll get only 20 shots for your ak so yeah... had to finish him of with mines and grenades. The story was pretty good but the end was a bit...abrupt, I would have expected one more mission. All in all a pretty nice game but it seams like it could have needed a month more work on it."
,Recommended,287390,30821636,Posted: 29 March,all,rip,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Блять 10/10
,Recommended,287390,24518574,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sexual Peeing,"Almost as cheeki breeki as S.T.A.L.K.E.R. distinct lack of squating. Can change voiceover to a multitude of slav languages, inluding Russian and Ukrainian. 9/10  Deserves Golden Gopnik Seal of Approval."
,Recommended,287390,23418572,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Krunky [SLO],"Great game, grat atmosphere and story. Recoomend it! 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,23495935,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cracka Panda,"I would just like to start off by saying that this game is a huge improvement from the previous Metro mechanic wise and even graphics wise I suppose (The Redux version I'm meaning) This game has soo mnay visually stunning location that you come across as you play through it, I can't say how many screenshots I've taken throughout the game because there were so many good moments. Story wise this game didn't really catch my attention but it really just leaves off where the first one did in hunting down the last known dark one. The gun play in this game is pretty basic because you just go in an area and just start mowing down enemies as they come, you can try and take a stealth approach but I never really found it easy and the stealth system is a tad bit broken sadly. For all of that said I was talking about the Metros and not the surface where the surface is much more challenging bringing enemies that you have to manuever around and think a little more tactically with the winged monsters and stronger bosses. Overall I enjoyed this game it is a pretty good shooter that is very stunning to look at with its very detailed levels and i'd recommened it to anybody that is interested and has the money"
76561198090869576,Recommended,287390,23496248,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,J.Bankshaft,One of the most beautiful post apocalyptic stories I've ever had the privilege to witness.
,Recommended,287390,23553758,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Oestfeldt,depression simulator 2014
,Recommended,287390,23535382,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rileyxelman,"This game is even better than the previous, they improved the menus and such to make it more seamless, the quality of the gameplay is better, it runs more smoothly too. I would very much recommend getting the game before it (Metro 2033 Redux) and playing that before this one, you will understand the story much better."
,Recommended,287390,23285539,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ochtavia PH,I love the dark one!!!! very regret that I nuked them in 2033 :(
,Recommended,287390,23108395,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hаркотики,10/10. I didn't find the hardest difficulty that hard tho.
76561198051433352,Recommended,287390,23111313,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Chapman,"Got this on sale a while back.  I like games with a good storyline and Metro franchise is definitely one of them. The graphics are good, the monsters are creepy and the humans are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. This game deserves a perfect 10."
76561198135948165,Recommended,287390,23182094,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[Popstyle],Metro: Last Light is a good game. If you are the type of gamer who want FPS games with a good story then this game good for you.
,Recommended,287390,23261341,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Akko,It's good to become a spartan with a gun.
76561198072419115,Recommended,287390,30763593,Posted: 26 March,all,kingDoggo,"This game runs at about 10 fps even at lowest settings on my iMac so i had to refund it, thinking of getting it again if i can fix it. Anyone have any tips?"
,Recommended,287390,30781411,Posted: 27 March,all,ethan,"This game series is now one of my favourites, it is up there at the top.This game was so good i sat through and played the campaign in a single sitting, only getting up to use the toilet and eat twice throughout it...Metro: Last Light definitely tops Metro: 2033, this game is pure perfection, utter brilliance, genius...Art. I doubt i will ever speak of a game as highly as this one as EVERYTHING within it was so full with excellence.The gameplay is amazing, you have to think strategically about your actions and how each firefight will play out because ammo is rare (unless you play on Spartan mode) and expensive to buy from vendors (on the rare occasions you actually see them), and the game is quick to penalise you if you slip up, i found myself many a time hitting my desk in frustration but because of its addictiveness and content i came straight back.The story is on a whole new level, there really isn't any game, as far as i am aware/concerned, that is an adaptation of the novel that is as brilliant as this. The story had me so interested i had to buy the first book to actually read it because this story is now my new favourite thing. Although the Metro is relatively small compared to the size of the surface, the world is populated by very unique characters and some re-appearing from the first game. Artyom, although mostly silently, only speaking inbetween levels, is so easy to get attached to due to his personality and his questions about morals and so much other stuff i could say but it is worth playing the game yourself.Another thing the game presents fantastically is its hidden moral system, where depending on certain actions that you, whilst playing do, determines the outcome of the game and kindles the ending. It is so well hidden unless you have done a bit of research on it you wouldn't even notice that there was two seperate endings, much how i was with the first game.This game not only creates a perfect, post-apocalyptic universe with an immersive story but it also leads the player to question whether their actions were morally correct, needed or even beneficial to the events occuring at the time.Honestly, if you haven't played this game you need to take your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and get some sense.i HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this series."
,Recommended,287390,23305190,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,UnknowSDx,Nice game with demonssssbest buy it on sale
,Recommended,287390,11997704,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Beholder,As good as metro 2033!9/10
76561198135056309,Recommended,287390,12754480,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MateSalsa,"A special gaming experience.The 2 Metro games are not ordinary shooters. They have great story, they are atmospheric as hell and they are very immersive. Both of the games have good and bad endings, and the good one is obtainable only if you interact with the world: listen to people, help them, explore the areas and sparing enemies life using stealth where it is possible. I personally don't play with shooters however enjoyed every moment of these games. The experience of gaming was unique. If you don't want to pick both of them, definitely take Last Light though. Metro 2033 (I played with the redux) in overall a  more difficult experience where every level needs to be completed with a different strategy. The gameplay is fantastic and also cruel sometimes but the story is not that great, the game is more a puristic, old school experience. Last Light however has a great, complex story with fantastic storytelling. The gameplay is a slightly more casual, more arcade style, but the storytelling which makes it better than it's predecessor. Also Last Light is quiet difficult though, running and shooting is not enough. You need to explore and scavange corpses, bags, boxes for bullets, air filters and medikit in order to survive and sometimes you will definitely feel that you fight for survive. You will be frustrated a lot, but you will get tons of enjoyment at the same time.However there are some issues with the game: it has some annoying bugs. They start to appear at a certain level (Bandits). In my first playthrough at this level the game crashed constantly, so I couldn't continue. I needed to restart the chapter and the game worked fine afterwards. On my second playtrough from the same level the stealthy kill/knock out didn't work anymore. Which is frustrating because for good ending the pacifist playthrough is necessary, but with this bug it will be impossible probably. And also the stealthy approach is one of the strongest aspect of the game, so without this the experience is not so complete.But even with the annoying bugs still recommend the game, because it's a classic."
76561198066829251,Recommended,287390,12638524,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Sugoi Miata,Great when it works!!
,Recommended,287390,12755361,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,vegas,"Good prep, if you're planning to tour Russia."
,Recommended,287390,12800493,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Prince Noctis™,This is a must play game! along with Metro 2033. its got really nice story
,Recommended,287390,12812131,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CutthroatPrune,"after playing both of the Reduxes i couldnt really tell which one i liked more or was better, metro 2033's graphics remade were amazing, the Nuclear winter look that moscow was looked fantastic. While the gameplay in last light was more fun for me, the graphics werent remade nearly as well as 2033. Last light is probably the best because of the more concluding ending and better gameplay. Both of these games i would rate 8-10 and I would really recommend this game to anyone. the only thing that prevents me from giving this a 10-10 is the story and how it ended quite abrubtly in last light."
76561198079999473,Recommended,287390,12819932,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,BrightSun95,"The original ""Metro: Last Light"" was a very good game, full of post-apocalyptic horror and wonder, but lacked the visceral/gritty/grueling difficulty that made it's predecessor ""Metro: 2033"" so wonderfully immersive and rewarding. The Redux fixed most or all of the issues that I had with the original release, adding a Survival mode, a few small gameplay tweaks and some wonderful immersion enhancements that made the Post-Apocalyptic Moscow experience near perfect. I highly recommend this game to anybody who seeks an always harsh and at times breathtakingly beautiful experience in post-apocalyptic survival.It matters less to me than the gameplay/immersion aspects but the story is highly engaging as well. At times the lore and presentation chilled me to the bone.In short, I love it. A must play."
76561198015204250,Recommended,287390,12810795,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Riley Freeman (papa bless),12/10
76561198078052212,Recommended,287390,12906967,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bungie is King,"Great game, runs quite well on my system no frame drop, full textures and all. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys stealth games or atmospheric shooters."
,Recommended,287390,12878043,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SpiderHead,"This game is very underrated and I love it. The minute it installed I played 8 hours straight of the game, and I'm still not done! Also the game is very good at making you feel like you are in the game."
,Recommended,287390,12081752,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Kynereth,"Solid gameplay with tweaks to the game engine that provide additional performance and image quality. Fantastic plot, interesting morality system, and binary ending rounds out the latest installment in the Metro franchise."
,Recommended,287390,12088282,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Товарищ Ханиф,its good if you are a newcomer to metro last light but if you buy the non redux version before this came out dont buy this
76561198001464645,Recommended,287390,12091046,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,tomdearie,"Overall: 7/10More of a mixed bag than Metro 2033 Redux, with much more annoyance, but also lots of well crafted game play.Even more frequent descent into brainless button mashing and contrived, tired boss levels than its predecessor.But also had some really well crafted  battle scenes with multiple enemies and opportunity for varied tactical approaches.Pros:Excellent set design and atmospherics create an immersive environment. Craftsmanship  is very good.General combat mechanics are solid and game has a decent range of plausible and interesting weapons.Some excellent scenarios with multiple enemies in complex urban terrain. Lighting, noise, and enemy disposition contribute to a rich combat environment. Gives players the opportunity for great tactical decision making and execution.Story is more half baked than the original, which had a strong novel as a base,. But at least there is one.Cons:Even more of a game on rails than the original.In many parts of the game, you have limited input and are just going through the motions of a path that has been predetermined by the game authors - it feels like they're playing the game, not you. (e.g. the shrimp-bashing boat ride).Also lots of long scenes where the player can't do anything. You feel like you're watching a bad movie rather than playing a good game. Go for coffee during these.Some combat scenarios belong in a button mashing console arcade game. ""Boss"" levels are particularly tired, contrived, and goofy. In one scenario, you actually kill the monster by getting him to run into lots of stone columns until he knocks himself unconscious. Really? If you were starting a scenario and suggested this as a good tactical approach,  your squad mates would rightly think of you as a brainless yoink.  Next time I hunt elephants, I'm going to hunt them that way. Should work, right?Even worse, these scenarios are specifically designed to take tactical thinking out of the equation, letting the game descend into a mindless trial and error exercise. ""Fight this gorilla in this coffee can. And he's wearing his magic cloak of  'your s**t doesn't work'. He's only vulnerable when he takes his hat off. Never mind all the rules we've established through the game. We're the authors. We're going to break them now.""  Boring for anyone with a mental age over 7.Check-point system for saves causes lots of problems in game play. This approach never pans out as well as it's intended. When the pros and cons are added up, free-save systems always  make for better play.Endings are determined by ""Moral Points"" that have little or no logical connection to the final outcome. There's a vague and superficial attachment of pseudo-moral decisions to various endings. But no real causal relationship is presented, so it becomes a hollow process of rote action.Requiring air filters on the nuclear poisoned surface is a great idea, but needs serious re-tuning in the game. Availability and managment of filter supply is completely haphazard and intrudes badly on game play. Could work much, much better.All in all, this game is more variable than Metro 2033 Redux. In general the high points are higher and the low points are lower.Fun, frustrating, boring. It's all these at one point or another.Still, worth a buy in the Metro 2033/Lastlight bundle.,"
,Recommended,287390,12091961,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Rinzler,Phenominal. 11/10
,Recommended,287390,12074428,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,burtonmike,"This game is amazing.... Don't eaven think about it,, its just awsm :DDD 10/10"
76561198130439167,Recommended,287390,12682601,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,prometheuz,Definitely one of the quality games out there with a rich story-line.
,Recommended,287390,12686570,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,✪ Dr^g0n,One of my new favourite games!
,Recommended,287390,12700334,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Magpie,"Picking up where Metro 2033 lefts off, Last Light never ceases to impress player with its astonishing atmosphere. 9/10."
76561198123110614,Recommended,287390,12633367,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ICEMAN,"This game reminded me alot of The last of us(although this game came first). The story was so well put together, the action and suspense always keeping you at the edge of your seat. 11/10 Great game."
76561198009344651,Recommended,287390,12827645,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,omikr0n,"Pluses: Atmospheric, interesting level design, good weapon feel, good mix of stealth and action, sound design.Minuses: Badly written dialogs, sub-par story, terrible end ""boss"" fight."
76561198170928313,Recommended,287390,26084408,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pronto,great game i loved it
76561198085988253,Recommended,287390,24258133,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Daniel,"Got the bad ending because I accidentally tipped a hooker, even though I saved woman and children and spared the bad guys.A really awesome gameI give it a cyka♥♥♥♥♥ting 8/10"
,Recommended,287390,25942457,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheMasterOfLuck,game is good for imac/ apple users but had problems such as GAME BRAKES but after this happens it gives u a good experience and most of the time is boring as it is sometime repeative but overall i recomend buying this
76561198098628026,Recommended,287390,26105195,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Connor,"Okay so I just finsihed this game and I can now say that the Metro 2033 and Metro Lastlight are two of my favorite storys I have ever played they are full of action, back story, thrillers, jump scares, ect. If you are looking for a game that will make you love the characters and♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when you see an enemy then this is the game for you!11/10 would blow up and save the Dark ones again"
76561198217402963,Recommended,287390,26126591,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,The W4rd3n,This is an amazing game and I have great fun playing it!
,Recommended,287390,26120238,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Kris,Really Impressed...Gorgeous Post Apocalyptic Atmosphere. October 2016
,Recommended,287390,26125318,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hanzo change pls,I found some bug-the keyboard is doesn't work at all (but still can controll my mouse and point to object and it appeared N/E)-The game ran smoothly before I found the buglooking forward for helping
76561198036108193,Recommended,287390,30888243,Posted: 1 April,all,pappymac,good graphic design on the maps....good story ....smooth shooting action....if there's a negetive side here it's the games overpriced and too bad there's no multi player or co-op mode....
,Recommended,287390,30888491,Posted: 1 April,all,Joker San,"9 Hours straight. Is what it took for me to finish the game and man...what a game!! Is so good that It got me playing all day long, and when I finished it I felt a great sense of accomplishment.This game have:A great storyIs creepyGreat stealthGreat action as wellIs immersive as f*10/10 - A must own!!"
76561198120862754,Recommended,287390,19200698,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Crossfire,But this game but beware when your out of bullets it knife time
76561198044218149,Recommended,287390,26088831,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MrSpanky,Finest post-apocalyptic game of recent years and a must play for every gamer.
,Recommended,287390,26117251,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CaptainCheesePuff,This issuch a good game. I enjoyed every second of it and the last mission is so epic10/10
,Recommended,287390,26119370,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DoTiuS,Great game. Two things i disliked are too long screens into the menuand no co-op.The game is well designed. The story hooks you. It reminds me of fallout a bit and that makes it perfect.Also russian accents...
,Recommended,287390,26095962,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Grey Wolf,"Currently with only 4 hours on the game, it definetaly feels like a Sequel to Metro 2033.This game isn't about just running in and shooting everything, afterall, this game is based off of some books, and they did an excellent job telling the story in the first game keeping you wanting more even after the game ends. I can certainly say that this game already makes you wanting more, furthering your playtime and how far you get into the game.Metro: Last Light has a Karma system built into the game which will affect the endgame. Doing good deeds such as finding a small child's teddy bear will grant you positive Karma, leading overall to the better ending of the game. While doing something as stealing a sleeping man's money while he nods off in a boat would grant you Negative Karma, which would bring you to the bad ending of the game. You'll know once you get a Positive or Negative Karma affect by your screen, as it will signify you gained a Pos. Or Neg. Karma with different colour glows.Pros-Great StorylineChoice of going Loudly or StealthfullyGreat level designAI combat is very smoothWeaponry is diverse and shooting mechanics are fantasticBeautiful GraphicsAmazing Sound QualityMultiple Endings(2)Cons-Filters are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in my opinion, ran out once on the surface alreadyRailcart glitches out in the mission ""Bandits""Possibly too stealthy? The AI is basically blind when you aren't in the light, meaning you can be 2inches infront of them and they will not notice you..Overall, I reccomend this game with a 4.5/5, with only some minor bugs that can be fixed by relaunching the game, it delivers great storytelling, but also delivers at being a Horror, FPS and a Survival Game in it's own way."
76561198210071037,Recommended,287390,26094543,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,intence66,waw   i have played the first metro and now this metro and both games are amazingthe ammount of detail in objects maps and mutants and humans is really amazingthe story is amazing and has twists in the story you have diffrent weapons that youcan change and upgrade and edit you also have throwing knifes the land mines thefire bomb and more to throw   just................. the first and second game are amazingi wish there where more 10 10 would reccomend this game to anyone love it
76561198063604502,Recommended,287390,26330055,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,VaultMobster,"Fun for the most part, good story to continue from the Metro 2033."
76561198132012583,Recommended,287390,26286574,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BAPAO,It's a good game but they are charging a lot of money for it:Pick it up in sale
76561198060959179,Recommended,287390,26281177,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,AHAHEUGHH,I took the lap dance and got the bad ending :c
76561198213491359,Recommended,287390,26324692,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eMko,Best game for this Halloween discount.
76561198247499688,Recommended,287390,26284116,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BubbleBash,"Beautiful Game, Beautiful Graphic, And Awesome Gameplay... LetsRoll Artyom ^^"
,Recommended,287390,26301196,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ZyaxitronED,"I absolutely love this game.If you're unsure, I recommend looking at the following working conditions of the creators of this game:http://www.pcgamer.com/4a-games-working-conditions/This makes me appreciate it so much more than if I'd not known about it... if that makes sense."
,Recommended,287390,23230050,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,WishToBeDondo,"Great game, reccommended to play but need to complete the story of Metro 2033"
76561198059856195,Recommended,287390,26208319,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,XsilentsnakeX,Worth a buy if you don't own the original and if you do own the original and want to support the developer buy the redux and play it again. Game gets a 7.5/10.
76561198106027357,Recommended,287390,26237903,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,xXxⓃḭghțmar3Ma3lstr0m29,Good fun game but wait for a sale. had a few crashes here and their that really kills the vibe of the game. for $5 the game is quite a steal with around 7 and a half hours of gameplay on normal probably more on hard. wait for another sale though for sure.
,Recommended,287390,26511152,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nex3t,"I finished this game with the bad ending the same day Trump gets elected president of neighbor country, coincidence? I think not"
,Recommended,287390,24656499,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,azzzzzu,"Very unique, very involving. Now definitely would play anything, that has word ""Metro"" in the title."
76561198140958256,Recommended,287390,13717120,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Daniel,One word!: F@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@CK !!!!!!!!!!
76561198065306280,Recommended,287390,24231441,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Loku74,Literally gg w/ Russians.Also don't forget to play DLC missions included in Redux.You can access them in order of Main Menu -> CHAPTERS -> NEW MISSIONS.
76561198055343134,Recommended,287390,24658733,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Old_Machines,"Right after the Metro 2033 I jumped into the next game, guess I wanted more of dark tunnels, intense atmosphere and great story. Everything Metro 2033 does great, Last Light does a little bit better. This game shine on harder difficultys, where evry bullet, filter, med pack... count and where you have to choose when and where to shoot!The only thing that disappoint a little is russian-english voice-over, but overall great FPS/Survival game.85/100"
,Recommended,287390,24488872,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ravetrooper,"10/10 Good story, Good characters awesome voice/map design."
,Recommended,287390,24502666,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,✿卜Pinks丶™,Thanks!
,Recommended,287390,24539018,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,L4Z0R,"Great follow up to the first game. If you don't have the first game already, get the bundle!Last Light is, like it's predecessor, very atmospheric. Last Light tells a great story that has a lot of depth if you pay attention to the conversations around you and interract accordingly. Your enemies are humanized or demonized through you listening to their stories from the shaddows, the sneak system is excellent, and getting caught in the open is likely to get you killed. These factors combined with the scarcity of bullets and other resources motivates you to avoid combat even when you hate your enemies and sneaking seems dificult. The high deadliness makes gunfights even more intense, and rewarding when you survive them."
,Recommended,287390,24423293,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RCANTEC(RyanD),"Amaizing, this is my first review. All I can say is this game is wicked, the detail and gameplay are epic. I have had a few crashes, but I don't have a graphics card, this game made me order a graphics card online. I highly recommend."
76561198117639598,Recommended,287390,24586434,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zaek,"A good sequence for the Metro 2033. More options, more weapons, but aIt's an easier game, the moral system is bad, you can't buy filters anymore, i've noticed more annoying bugs, that make you restart the entire chapter, a few times, andI didn't really wanted the ending that Artyom blew the bomb on the dark ones to be the canon one.But in overrall is a great game, very immersive and atmospheric, great gameplay and i loved the lewd parts.9/10 game."
76561198082572169,Recommended,287390,24719893,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,WsaWeds,"Note: Wouldn't buy it for full price.This game truly does well with the Metro name BUT, does not stand on equal footing with the original.Why? Story mostly, and some unnecessary gameplay mechanics that were added.Just as a warning to those who love amazing story, this game features a slightly above average story but falls flat with its rushed production ending. They were reaching the deadline and panicked, so they plopped its ending out like a fat deuce into the toilet. Ahem, now for the reasons I do like the game and would recommend it! ( While on sale.) The story continues fairly well throughout the game and hosts many different atmospheres to enjoy. The weapon selection is limited but, with the customization is made up for. The characters are all like-able and unique in their own ways. The game has plenty of content with bonus missions on the side. The replayability is existent but, not entirely desirable. The only way to get the ""good"" ending is to do an incredibly unreasonable task that only walkthroughs could provide to keep your sanity. Overall, the game kept a lot of what was good in the original but, is lack luster in story telling compared to its  former."
,Recommended,287390,24731754,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,287390,24567552,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Anunnaki,What can i say ... Great post apocalyptic game with amazing story(Play metro 2033 redux first for full  story)...Graphic is good to... Alot of weapons...Worth the price (I got it on sale for 4.99€) :D
76561198167156271,Recommended,287390,24602198,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,LORRENZZO the MAGNIFICENT,"Got this and 2033nn the redux bundle and played them back to back, to me they are pretty much one game annd my 3rd favourite ever made at that."
76561198025360643,Recommended,287390,20565986,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,West African Shia Labeouf,When I bought this game I expected some kind of train simulator and was very disappointed. There are very few trains in the game and none are operable. Don't be fooled by this games misleading title.
,Recommended,287390,24553105,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,GaRin,"Bought this thinking it would be a russian simulator, wasnt disapointed."
76561198160662909,Recommended,287390,24605900,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,One PunCake Man,"Atmospheric game. Chills and shivers all around my body. The game continues after Metro 2033 so if you haven't played it, I highly recommend playing that game first to competely understand the story because it is such an amazing story. Gameplay is top notch, graphics are amazing with the re-mastered, and story is captivating. Must TRY!"
,Recommended,287390,24607035,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Maserati Gamer,An amazing story + great graphics and at a bargain price I really did care for the characters
76561198185998599,Recommended,287390,19664899,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SoulReaperX89_[SF],got this on sale for 5 bucks and its worth way more this game is better than fallout 4.9/10
,Recommended,287390,24535051,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,INFLATED,THIS IS SO GOOD
76561198186665093,Recommended,287390,24532435,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,honda84420,"Sweet game, I really enjoyed playing it aswell as the first game. Graphics are awesome."
76561198044841723,Recommended,287390,24536360,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,guigunspt,Amazing Game!Amazing gameplayAmazing storyAmazing weaponsAmazing NPCsAmazing atmosphereAmazing graphicsAmazing smoothnessBest of luck for 4A. Will be following the unfolding of your projects
,Recommended,287390,24507343,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,AfterMath01,"great game. it really shows off the fact that its based off a book throughout the game as it isnt a simple story that goes from A to B and ends. you have to play ""Metro: 2033 Redux"" before this one to really understand the story fully although I felt that ""Metro: Last Light Redux"" was the better game of the two as I found it to be more fun due to the addition of quite a few things that werent present in the 2033 Redux. 7/10 for me mainly because I enjoyed the story line."
76561198181919863,Recommended,287390,24480027,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shifty,♥♥♥♥ING good Game
,Recommended,287390,23900031,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jevans,Yes.
,Recommended,287390,24487377,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Miggles,"""Oh boy, ANOTHER FPS... how this one any different?""In one word: Immersion.Example: The other day, it was so hard to breathe (hot + humid) that I literally almost reached for my gas mask, still thinking that I was playing Metro ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Metro 2033 & Metro: LL account for many small details which make the expierence feel more ""real"" than most other games. Examples include: your gas mask can crack or become dirty during combat, your breathing becomes laboured when your filter is used up, ammo is a valuable resource (it is literally currency), etc. For maximum immersion, I would HIGHLY reccomend playing in Ranger or Ranger Hardcore difficulties (no HUD, crosshair, hints, etc.).Additionally, Metro: LL Redux fixes many issues that plagued the original Metro 2033 (stupid AI, horrible stealth, OP throwing knives, etc.). Honestly, my biggest complaint (more like a gripe) about Metro: LL Redux is the voice acting is still meh at best.All it needs now VR support ;)"
76561198171655794,Recommended,287390,24781151,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,priitkahn,"Great game. Excellent graphics, cool story, scary to play in the dark :)"
,Recommended,287390,23545045,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Pajamas,Nuclear apocalypse simulator 2.0!
,Recommended,287390,24006901,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ALPHA_Young,Awesome game.. The redux version is a huge improvement
,Recommended,287390,23975769,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sail,"I got this game, along with Metro: 2033 Redux during the 2016 Summer Sale. I haven't played much of it yet, however, it is becomming my favorite game on the PC market. I would highly reccommend picking this up if you can find the money."
,Recommended,287390,24036490,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Aerialz,Amazing! loved it
,Recommended,287390,24083074,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vepa,"If you want a review don't read this, this is a question to other players. Guys I finished the game now what do I do with my life?"
,Recommended,287390,23270908,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,22CNT,Got into the Metro series from playing the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series. While simiar concept both games played and felt completely different.+The story is really engaging and continues straight on from 2033+Graphics look amazing+The Characters are all really interesting+DLC levels Khan & KshatriyaIf you need a challenge put it on Ranger hardcore....Hope there is a 2035 !
76561198115881829,Recommended,287390,24074612,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,abonhamation,amazing game. bought it on a recommendation and it was brilliant. I never heard much about this game and i don't know why it have had more hype!!
,Recommended,287390,24065198,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Wasteland Mage,"This is one of the most immersive and fun shooters I've played in years. The atmosphere, sounds, mechanics, and dialogue of this game make you feel as if you're in a nuclear wasteland better than any Fallout game recently. Linear in the early levels, but when they open up later on in the game, the exploration is fun and terrifying at the same time. 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,24021628,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ÆSTHËTÌC,GGWP 10/10
,Recommended,287390,24021970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Blunk,"A fantastic shooter. For when you want a shooting game, but you also want a competent story and enjoyable characters.One of those games that improves from the first, but not too much to make it something different. I highly recommend both this game and the first one"
,Recommended,287390,23972710,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Menotkorean,very good game
,Recommended,287390,24069850,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Empty Void,this is totally worth the $20 and even more on sale.its very intense most of the time and so you cant really relax or admire the world
76561198008662126,Recommended,287390,24071395,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Headshot,Play it. You won't regret it.
76561198102072108,Recommended,287390,24096259,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"The FitnessGram(TM) Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep.] A signal lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding.] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."
,Recommended,287390,21120209,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Teal,Hellaa gooooooood there are some sexy scenes in there ;)
,Recommended,287390,21116275,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GodlyPoop,Just pick it up its an amazing game
,Recommended,287390,21118226,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Fox,"Good game, but the gas mask filter bs is the dumbest mechanic ever."
,Recommended,287390,21118320,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,J🅰N🅴's 🅰ddiction-,Awesome game just get it!!!
,Recommended,287390,20802418,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"Awesome.Just like Metro 2033, another great game in the serie.If you are into S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games then this is really quite an amazing Action Adventure and the accent is quite refreshing too. Looks great, combat is fun and challenging and story is intriguing and the whole atmosphere is very well done. Unfortunately it's quite short like forty hours or so and even though you can replay different chapters I find the replay value to be quite low in regards to the story, because it's quite linear in story even though there are some tactical choices, it's not RPG and there are no dialogue choices. Replay value comes from different combat styles.Still I would definitely recommend it."
76561198074867547,Not Recommended,287390,20795214,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Jason V,"Game decided to crash repeatedly on the final level so I gave up in the end, ruined the whole experience which I enjoyed up to this point. I checked around a saw that I was not the only person experiencing this. Purchase at your own risk."
76561198215283633,Recommended,287390,20796285,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,AlmightyNPC,good squeekwell
76561198075483442,Recommended,287390,20796429,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Carbon_Coded,_( ((\ =\__\_`-\(____))(  \----(____)) _(____))(____))____/---
76561198035691993,Recommended,287390,20794597,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,giguy2002,"This is a very addictive game. I love the action, gameplay and puzzles required in some missions in order to advance.  The right amount of mystique, intrigue and mission.  Graphics were great and the game AI was pretty good and sometimes unexpected. I highly recommend this game. Looking forward to more of this style."
76561198135714942,Recommended,287390,20756011,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mr.Baku,"♥♥♥♥gameplay, is top 10, would reccomend, 420/69 rating- ign"
,Recommended,287390,20757014,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,complaints@echoz.rocks,"Amazing just like its prequel. However do play 2033 before you play this.It possesses the same qualities as the previous game, to at least the same extent, and extends on the same story.When it comes to this vs. the original Last Light, I'd say, this has better graphics, but that's about it, and even that isn't very much noticeable. If you have Last Light, don't bother buying this to play it. I bought it only because of how much I like the series and therefore wanted to support as well as have both editions in my account.Note: Most of my play time is in the original, not the redux, so the value here is misleading."
,Recommended,287390,20785437,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,einarinpostia,Very atmospheric
,Recommended,287390,20787483,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sanpika,"A game that wants to be a movie more than anything else.Plot is better than that real 2034 Metro book I've read once: the atmosphere is here and its great, though the plot overall is kind of a mess noneteless.Except for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design decisions, the gameplay is nice, giving the player a choice between stealth and shooty approach, which are both near perfect.The number of cinematic cutscenes made me think if this could be a better serial or a film than game, at least in terms of atmosphere it would deliver, I suppose.Overall 7,5/10, a good game."
76561198211226100,Recommended,287390,20786033,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,adurpo,Amazing!
,Recommended,287390,20782153,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ギターネコ,Pretty gud but I liked 2033 better!
76561198049594345,Recommended,287390,25337221,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Falloutmarksman,"First off ive played this game for more than what i have currently (14.9)hrs. I have played through the game many times and it still never get old. This is the most immersive game ever expesially once you have played though once or twice to learn the controls then go through it on Survival Harcore Ranger Mode; In this mode you have no hud no hud hints nothing ,so knowledge of the controls is needed like spacebar to turn railcar on and hold E on to knock people out. Back to the topic at hand the combat is intense and realistic in the Survival Harcore Ranger Mode; You take more damage and deal more damge so realistic damage. I highly recommend this game and Metro 2033(the story wouldnt be complete without it).I rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,25385352,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,¬Maciejosmuchacho,cool
76561198048698002,Recommended,287390,25353110,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PutinTheDank,"Metro last light is one of the best singleplayer games to date! Where ther is no multiplayer it makes up in singleplayer with great graphics (for its time but can still hold up today), an immersive atmosphere with scary, creepy, and horryifing muntant creatures! One of the main reasons why I and many people love the metro series games is because its a totally diffrent than that we are use to in western society the only games that can even be some what be compared to the metro series is the fallout and stalker series. But those games are still very diffrent from this game mainly because this is a linear game not open world. Even then this game perfects a linear gaming expirence! I did two playthroughs of this game first time in english which is a descent but understandable expierence(voice actors aren't the best but are ok) then second time in Russian which definenlty makes the atmosphere of the game feel more authentic than it would in english!"
,Recommended,287390,19409299,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LeoSapo,"I played the original. But this ,in my opinion, is by far more beautiful. The dynamics of the clashes were refined, as well as artificial intelligence and variety of the clashes. The exploration of the environments is beautiful, thanks to a very high level graphical detail. I spent so much time looking around to admire the beauty of the locations proposed in the game. The story works, but it's never very compelling (at least for me), as well as the characters, stereotyped, nothing exceptional. I think the real value of the game is in the atmosphere, of tension, neglect and obscurity. So I recommend it to everyone who wants to make an immersive journey into the dark and polluted  Moscow of the future."
,Recommended,287390,25352008,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,zEcToR45,"This is a fantastic game. One of the best single player stories out there. You owe it to yourself to buy this game if you like first person shooters. Single palyer only, but well worth it for the experience."
,Recommended,287390,27557658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doomness,"Great game with a great storyline.deffintly worth the $7,49."
,Recommended,287390,27759810,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,66seb,hi
76561198048237673,Recommended,287390,27711616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Olerixta,nejlepsi singl hra
,Recommended,287390,27752848,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TOG.Byakko,Very interesting game :-)
76561198154421694,Recommended,287390,27754749,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tubben,"This game is deserving of the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” award! Amazing story line and entertaining gameplay."
,Recommended,287390,27755583,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pasta,"its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game, yo."
,Recommended,287390,27732589,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,1716372362728,I purchased this game and finished it in about 12 hours. Then went back to play it again and gain achievements. I played this game a few years back and just had to do it again. Love this game dearly. 10/10
,Recommended,287390,27971148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,♊️De_pression♊,Great game love the updated engine. It looks and plays great and has a great story to the Metro storyline.
,Recommended,287390,27971936,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DemetriX,"10/10, Artyom4life"
76561198029911958,Recommended,287390,31275842,Posted: 21 April,all,Sir Cringealot,"I strongly recommend this game for it's horror style and (In my opinion) low requirements for your computer. The story is amazingly made to continue the previous game's one. (I say that cuz in general I don't like a game's ""Following part"")"
,Recommended,287390,30840226,Posted: 30 March,all,hichristheman,Amazing game! The story got me hooked and I'm a huge fan of post-apocalyptic settings!But those damn trip wires! >:(
76561198086965265,Recommended,287390,31292419,Posted: 22 April,all,Weebana,"This game is so awesome. When I played it first,it scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me. Later I finished the game 7 times. Best game for horror,stealth,shooting. You should play metro 2033 before playing this because you will fit the atmosphere and after you can play this game easily. When I finished it first I got the bad ending and I cried so bad. Later I got the good ending.Pros:-Best atmosphere-Gun customization is decent but well made.-Story-Boss fights-Scary places-Some jumpscares---------------------------------------Cons:-Enemies are blind when you're doing stealth.-Your partner gives you a tour guide.(Does everything.)-Moral points(But I got the good ending so moral points can be borring sometimes)----------------------------------------"
,Recommended,287390,22077922,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Prawn,"It's a good game. It's fairly fun and not too hard. It gets really confusing though, the storyline and a little trippy. I felt like I was on drugs through most of the game. The game engine is really sweet, and visually it looks great! I'm really impressed with the art in this game. If you like Russian culture, or have curiosity it in, this is a good game to buy. Also if you like Science Fiction."
76561198101375382,Recommended,287390,22059373,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Rynwyrk,"This is a fantastic first person shooter, everything from the story to the psychological horror simulations and satisfyingly rewarding stealth sequences is seamlessly assembled in a highly artistic manner. The game puts you in positions that enable you to realistically navigate through the story by: providing you with a plethora of weapons and customizations that become vital in determining the method you utilize to progress through each level, decisions based on forgiveness or revenge, and various other miscellaneous environmental interactions. Overall I feel this game is perfect for the first person shooter fanatic, as well as the horror-seeker, as there are various difficulties that increase either of these aspects, and even just playing on normal mode is scary and action intensive enough to satisfy either player.PROS:1. long, well-structured story2. many weapon customizations3. intense gameplay4. realistic enemies, everything from AI to hitpoints5. realistic stealth system6. perfectly themed music7. excellent graphicsCONS:1. you can only customize weapons at the weapon vendor"
76561198220359013,Recommended,287390,30740128,Posted: 25 March,all,☭☾ⒾⓈ༒ⓔⓩ☽☭,really fun game
,Not Recommended,287390,21976861,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Grandma,Game was okay until I reache dthe Level D6. Then it started crashing every time and there seems to be no fix available. A significant portion of the community is experiencing this issue as I've read. This is not a working game so I can't recommend it. As you can imagine I'm a bit unsettled at this fact.
,Recommended,287390,22075516,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Aids & Other Assorted Goods,"Pretty Great Game, I Need To Play It More Though!"
76561198043905981,Recommended,287390,22076166,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trues55,Call of duty meets fallout meets russia meets super mutants nuff said 4/5
,Recommended,287390,21916858,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sho,"Clearly an unfinished game, in terms of polish, mostly.Knowing what happened to THQ during development, you can understand why.Still, the core of what made 2033 really fun is still here, so if you liked that I'd say go for it."
,Recommended,287390,21913171,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Blinky™,Worthy successor to the original
76561198115329125,Recommended,287390,21982501,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DarknessLeng,I think it's best game in my mind. I very like it. It good both gameplay and story. I recommended if you wanna to buy it.
,Recommended,287390,30738186,Posted: 25 March,all,PeraS,Good game!!
,Recommended,287390,22223262,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Potato,Good game good story and RUSSIAN + SPARTA
,Recommended,287390,32721272,Posted: 24 June,all,Wolfhunt3r,"I found the story to be a bit... wierd. I don't know if it's because I haven't got a complete playthrough of the first METRO-game due to it suddenly just crashing to desktop whenever I try to start it.METRO Last Light is a visually appealing shooter set in the subway system of Moscow after the apocalypse. You can go through it guns blazing or take a more sneaky approach, both of them rewarding.I hade no problems with the controls, the graphics or anything like that. The game ran smoothly and even though you're not allowed to save the game whenever you want, the game saves often enough so that you do not have to do a lot of footwork all over if you perish at the gnawing and clawing of a pack of mutants in a dark tunnel.At the time of me writing this the game is on Steam Summer Sale with -75% of it's prize so it's just 4,99€. I would by it now while it's cheap, and play through it when I had the time, shouldn't I already own it.I appreciated the game, but as far as shooters or stories go, I don't think it was anything special."
,Recommended,287390,32709759,Posted: 23 June,all,Bobcat,Another Masta Peice for the books
,Recommended,287390,32716428,Posted: 24 June,all,austin,soo good
76561198165527901,Recommended,287390,32750161,Posted: 24 June,all,_SUPERIORF4LL_,"I really really recomend this game , great story line and a briliant graphics 10/10"
76561198166459762,Recommended,287390,31166772,Posted: 15 April,all,포리너,shoot the head two timesthat solve almost every problem
,Recommended,287390,32854537,Posted: 27 June,all,gaylord,"Getting everything out of Metro: Last Light requires slow and patient play. In a post-apocalyptic adventure that relies a great deal on constant bits of exposition, the experience quickly grows into something much more than just your everyday shooter. The more time you spend exploring, listening, reading, and watching, the more you appreciate what 4A Games has created: an interesting story-driven single-player-only FPS."
76561198064072798,Recommended,287390,32863107,Posted: 27 June,all,MR Happy,my first love
,Recommended,287390,32870662,Posted: 27 June,all,FuryScythe,"I used to hear about the Metro series but never took an interest in it.I heard that some site (can't remember which) was giving away Metro 2033 codes for free.I got one,activated it but still didn't install or play the game.One day I was bored and didn't know what to play so I gave Metro a shot.First 5 minutes of the game I was already convinced that I will buy the second game.Here I am after I finished Metro Last Light 2 times waiting for the next one to comePros:-Great story,being meaningful and not just some lame story that was thrown there so that they can call it a full game-Action packed gameplay-A post apocalyptic game that is not about zombies.Even though I like the games that have these infection/zombie kind of thing it would be boring to also see it in Metro-Performance wise the game is well-made,running on 1920x1080 ultra on my potato HD7770Cons:-Level based gameplay (can be a pro or con,depending on how you see it)-Guns don't have a middle ground,some are utter trash and some are god like-Used the currency of the game as ammo while not paying attention (that's more of ""I'm an idiot"" than a bad feature)In the end,even if you are not a big fan of post apocalyptic stories/games,you should buy this game but I'd recommend buying Metro 2033 too so you can understand the game's story and what leads to the events of Metro:Last Light"
76561198139932953,Recommended,287390,32845255,Posted: 27 June,all,Hallos/Babannenin80tonu,This game awesome and its a good story now im finished the game  but waiting for next game. You must play.
,Recommended,287390,32848312,Posted: 27 June,all,Pelayo,"I loved every single moment of this game, I would recommend this to anyone who has not played it."
,Recommended,287390,32865875,Posted: 27 June,all,sdand,"Its good, especially if you like survival horror games or Russians.  I recomend you play it in russian with subtitles for immersion benefits"
,Recommended,287390,32890992,Posted: 27 June,all,holtam,great game period.
76561198047626328,Recommended,287390,32895067,Posted: 27 June,all,A Spooky Hobo,"It's pretty good, and very beutiful for a post nuke russia. Should read the book series too."
76561198090561206,Recommended,287390,32918167,Posted: 28 June,all,NedLockGR,A classic MYST buy and play!
,Recommended,287390,32887880,Posted: 27 June,all,sikocat,Best game
,Recommended,287390,32926279,Posted: 28 June,all,. . .,awesome
76561198035511049,Recommended,287390,32890137,Posted: 27 June,all,Sparky♫,This game. Play it on survival and hardcore and then you will realise how good this game REALLY is.
,Recommended,287390,32893988,Posted: 27 June,all,Shiifty ツ,Best post apo game i played to this day
,Recommended,287390,32905383,Posted: 27 June,all,letitburn,Spent more than I should in Venice..
,Recommended,287390,32905131,Posted: 27 June,all,DonGato,"Simplemente quiero decir, que buen juego..."
,Recommended,287390,23099633,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Seeker,Great story!
76561198076544571,Recommended,287390,23126415,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Crazy Corpse,"Metro 2033 and Metro Last light are now my favourite fps campaigns, gr8 games!!"
76561198189862961,Recommended,287390,23014955,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,✪ Higgins,"Such an AMAZING game, on of the best I have ever played. An insanely immersive experience. BraFknvo. No troll, 10/10. That's just the story line! The graphics are just as unbelieveable, great character development. I literally have nothing bad to say about this game. If you are looking for a single player RPG. THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! PLEASE BUY IT!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED!"
76561198168823046,Recommended,287390,23104961,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Galgrutz,picked this game and the one before it (2033) as a bundle for 7.50.The game has a solid story and aside from the ending its pretty noice game
,Recommended,287390,23086436,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Nigerian Prince,"Beautiful game. Great story. Its just amazing, thats all I can say."
76561197969742573,Recommended,287390,23089575,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,moist,"some days it's chicken, some days it's feathers"
,Recommended,287390,23090836,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,h3retic,"Great shooter, great story!"
,Recommended,287390,23024756,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BenXkiller,"Very nice game overall. Took 3 days to finish both 2033 and last light.Both shooting and stealth style players can have their place.The atmosphere is so nice with outstanding music and sound effects.Even my laptop can only run the game with low graphic quality without lags, it is still enjoyable.If you like to purcahse the game, the Redux Bundle at sale is a decent choice."
,Recommended,287390,23024408,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,VLAD,"Good game, nice graphics, slow paced and very easy ""puzzles"".Too long cut scenes and you can not skip.Hard delay walking forward, looks like input lag. When you try to stop after moving for a few seconds, he keeps walking proportional of the time you hold W key (looks like Johnny Walker). I have tried to find a fix, but I couldn't.Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,287390,23027425,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Onrage869,"Great game, if i had to replay it all i would. Not only that I'm looking foward to see if they make another which i hope so"
,Recommended,287390,22991534,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Nuclear Anesty,Personally i think you should buy this rn
,Recommended,287390,23008199,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Eyrae,"Great story, great gameplay. Pretty short, though."
76561198066889288,Recommended,287390,23030381,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lewosch,"Metro Last Light continues off of the first games story (Metro 2033), which is based off the novel of the same name, which I would also reccomend. Both Last Light and 2033 are fantastic games and I would reccomend buying and playing both, playing Metro 2033 first as Last Light continues the story. I would reccomend buying both games in the bundle that Steam offers for a cost reduction."
76561198070842196,Recommended,287390,23031981,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Atokata,"This game is great. This is the first game in a long time to make me tear up. The story line is excellent and depending on how you play throughout the story line you could either get the good or bad ending, but no matter which one you get you still feel good... or get emothional like me :P. If you are looking for a long and well done story line, I would definetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287390,23028987,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,287390,23079804,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,G2 - apEX,"I would recommend this game for the great atmosphere and graphics that really immerses me into the lore and story of Metro: Last Light. The graveness and vibe of the Metro gives you an interesting look of a post-nuclear war living conditions that gave me a sense of hopelessness, however this game has some forced nudity that really feels fake at times. However, the characters in Metro:Last Night each have their own unique personalities and stories.One outstanding feature of the game is the ability to make you feel a sense of dread as you enter the surface world that could kill you in a matter ofminutes if you did not find enough Oxygen filters or break your gas masks. Additionally, the metro is full of anarchids that gave me the creeps whenever I saw one.Overall, a very immersive game with a cheap price should you want to pick it up."
,Recommended,287390,30778192,Posted: 27 March,all,» E D S «,"AWESOME, can't wait for the 3rd Metro game!10/10"
,Recommended,287390,22978452,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jerry,sp00ky
76561198121799199,Recommended,287390,23016835,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aloha Snackbar,"I like the game but I really won't recommend ""BUYING"" it.Lazy to read? Here's the SUMMARY:PROS..1. Great story!2. customizable guns but not by muchCONS..1. Game content around 2-3 days binge-playing2. Good for around 1 replay (alternate ending) or just watch it in youtube and forget you have it in your library3. Game-breaking bugs which can set you back hours just because of the auto-save4. Broken stealth system (prepare to restart most of the time just because guards randomly spots you)Usually when I buy games on Steam...1. check if the positive reviews overwhelms the negative ones2. the game is on SALE3. playerbase onhttp://steamcharts.comnever go down 1,000 each day... following these things never made me regret the games I bought.Then I broke one of those rules: ignoring the playerbase...At first, I think the game is old which made the playerbase dwindle but I was wrong.. and here's whyIt has a game-breaking bug wherein the bandits gets frozen: won't die, wont move, won't shoot and if you try to kill it with melee you'll get frozen too. I tried to ignore the bandits and save the civilians and they disappeared nowwhere and won't let you progress ingame.Another thing I didn't like about the game, it won't give you an option to manually save the progress you had and lose hours of gameplay because of that bug.PLEASE NOTE THE GAME WAS RELEASED IN THE YEAR OF 2010 AND REDUX version STILL HAVE THAT BUG IN 2016!They took their sweet time cherry coating the graphics (which barely made noticeable difference) but never bothered to fix the bugs.I got the game during SALE, for around $4.. and I want my money back.This is one of the reason why pirates exist."
76561198107823274,Recommended,287390,22996401,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Scenic,The only game where i actually enjoy playing with russians
76561198049815749,Recommended,287390,24414859,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Androshi,"Its one of those games with a great atmposhere around it built upon the aftermath of an apocolypse in Russia. Has a decent storyline to it, altough I wish that some of the better weps you get later on could be used a bit longer than say just one to two levels later till you hit the end. Other than that nice game I'd reccomend playing through it once or twice depending on who u are."
,Recommended,287390,24415491,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cody122450,"This is easily one of the best story driven games I've ever played. It gives a true feeling of suspense and tension throughout each playthrough. I've played through the campaign twice getting both endings and I was scared of the mutants each time. The soundtrack was amazing, I can express the enjoyment I had with this series enough. With a soundtrack worthy of this series I cannot wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,287390,24396871,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Retard Dog,Great game! I really recomend it.
,Recommended,287390,24368064,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Marshall Lasky,"Indirect spoiler aheadGlukhovsky had done a great job making the storyline!GREAT STORYLINE, CHALLENGING AND INTENSE GAMEPLAY!I would like to introduce the story, if you have played the 2033. This game will make you feel, alot.But don't be afraid, you will be satisfied at the end. I cried, alot. Too.The gameplay is very intense. Thriller environment. No EASY mode! Just go SPARTAN or else. Survival at your best.That's all, for me. See you in the metro."
76561198156474272,Recommended,287390,24779729,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dave The D1ck-ah-Chu!,Just an Awesome game!M8 R8 8/8
,Recommended,287390,30862535,Posted: 31 March,all,RainMain,"Dang, that was a pretty good game. From beginning to end the story made sense. Deep."
,Recommended,287390,15583901,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TrumpKingsly,"This game suffers from near-perfect syndrome.What it does well, it does phenomenally well. And then it does the other stuff...Most of the well-doing has to do with tone-setting. What you see and hear affect how you feel in mindblowing fashion. Outside, the ambient growling, snarling, breathing sound effects are the same as the enemy encounter growling, snarling, breathing sound effects, so it's often difficult to tell when danger is imminent. That's so cool it hurts me. Similar praise can be granted to the sound design of everything else in the rest of the game. The tunnels sound lonely, so they feel lonely. Hubs sound busy, so they feel busy. Comrades sound tired and anxious, so being with them feels tired and anxious.The game is also stellar visually. Your gas mask is progressively dirty as your time outside progresses. Overworld Moscow looks like an absolute depressed nuclear mess in the most frightening way possible. Hubs are visually varied in ways that contribute to unique personalities.The game controls really well, too. With a controller, holding LB and tapping up, down, left, right, a, b, x or y instantly triggers something useful--your gas mask, your flash light, your night vision gogs... Aiming down the sights is comfortable, recoil is challenging but not cheap, blah blah blah gameplay.And then the game tries to tell a story. It begins as a pretty cool one--you're captured in a non-spoilery way on a spoilery mission. You then start learning about a silent political war slowing evolving into a noisy physical one. Awesome. But then, around the halfway point, the game goes metaphysical and turns into that familiar quest called ""Find the bad guy. Stop the bad guy.""A bunch of spoon-fed, obvious messages about life in the other person's shoes later and the game ends with a ""by-the-way, stuff's good now"" epilogue. Impact is absolute 0, here.Side note: The way they write children in this game makes me wonder when the devs last saw a child. Scenes with children overplay the ""naivete of innocense"" trope to SNL-skit degrees.An example: A father and daughter are fishing just outside a major hub. Father says something about hopefully catching something good for dinner. Daughter responds with ""Not cancer, though, right? I don't want to catch cancer like mama."" Then dad explains that people don't just catch cancer and I vomit all over my keyboard.Outstanding presentation sets a seriously frightening tone throughout.Great gameplay makes the game fun.Story is bad and children are stupid.6/10"
76561198072351473,Recommended,287390,25810235,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,russell2000,Followup to one of the best games I've played -- just as good and an essential part of the experience.
,Recommended,287390,25779847,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[WS]-Sparkyhodgo,"[note: basically the same review as for Metro 2033. They are nearly indistinguishable.]A positive review with a major caveat: This is not quite the worthy spiritual sequel to STALKER that it is made out to be.If you're coming from STALKER, as I am, prepare to be underwhelmed. The game is nowhere near as hard as it's made out to be. I played on hardest difficulty + Spartan + ranger mode and never had more trouble than an average map in STALKER (and to the degree it *is* hard it's usually due to poor design, such as sudden scripted rushes of enemies (especially bad in Last Light), or poor checkpoint placement (also especially bad in Last Light). Anomalies are there, technically, in the DLC, but certainly aren't a real part of the game. The maps are linear. The world is also unexpectedly bright--ambient light abounds. On the surface during the day it's almost sunny--certainly not the oppressive atmosphere I was expecting--and underground it's as if the developers couldn't hold themselves back from placing glowing mushrooms in every corridor. Consequently, though the game was certainly tense, I never felt afraid the way I would exploring a lab in STALKER."
,Recommended,287390,25717516,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kmajor978,"Not the typical game in my Steam collection… but well worth the purchase. I picked it up on sale for $5.49, and I’ve had a solid 11 hours of gameplay out of it. That’s a lot of bang for your buck. And I haven’t even loaded up the 10+ hrs of free DLCs that came with the ""Redux"" version of the game.Metro: Last Light is a beautiful atmospheric (+++) survival game with just the right combination of action, stealth, and horror. With 3 gameplay modes (Spartan, Survival, and Ranger... no HUD, scarce resources, etc.), you can progress through the game whichever way you’d like. There are adrenaline levels (running out of air, a few jump-scares, timed missions, etc.), exploration levels (underground ‘slums’ and militia camps), and of course a couple of tough boss levels.Very well-rounded for a single-player campaign game.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,287390,25770482,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Boxes,A great sequal to Metro 2033. I loved this series. If you're looking for a break from generic FPS shoot em up style games the storyline in additon with game mechanics like health and air filters make the game a lot more interesting and keep you on edge. It really feels like you're in a post apocolyptic russia trying to survive. After playing both the first and second game I've fell in love with the story and I feel like I should go and get the books too. This game pays attention to detail everything is dirty and rusty. There is rubble everywhere. The atomosphere in this game is perfect. The Enemies are challenging. I love the extra challenge mode the game offers called ranger mode. It removes GUI's makes health and ammo a lot more scarce and adds an extra layer of difficulty to the game which is a great thing since I was coming from playing the first game.
76561198056789326,Recommended,287390,25740758,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,roebn,"The atmonsphere is just insanely well done, awsome gameplay and story!"
,Recommended,287390,25471583,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AeonGhost,"TL;DR If you liked the first Metro game, you will love this one.Pros:Great StoryImmersiveFunI'm biased because this is one of my favorite gamesCons:Not a large improvement from the original last lightThe story in this was created by the studio, and doesn't follow anything the author had written, on a positive note, the author liked the story enough to write a book based on it."
,Recommended,287390,25728709,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zorrís,"Great game, on mac it crashed me about 6 times, and some of the gameplay were not intuitive but the game was a terrific experience."
,Recommended,287390,25720318,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lardninja,Lap dance or good ending?Lap dance for sure
76561198114445460,Recommended,287390,27094087,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eagle,5 Star GameStill Best Game
,Recommended,287390,27187812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PhoenixGamer,"Absolutely great game, continues the story of Metro 2033 in a good way and vastly expands on the lore of the Metro. Highly reccomend picking up the diary pages."
76561198036027648,Recommended,287390,23147591,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,tuket,"Worth a playtrough!Gunplay felt realy good, even tho some mobs needed 2 much bullets for my liking.7/10 easily"
76561198059632337,Recommended,287390,23148840,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BlackMetal Sheriff,"This game is incredible. One of the best I have played in the genre. Greatly optimized, great graphics, gameplay, -ambiance,story.. This is a must.  9.5/10  ."
76561198112874403,Recommended,287390,23149015,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jedgar,Has great replay value!
76561198107548900,Recommended,287390,23280960,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kaldun,great game. questionable requirements for the alternativ ending.
76561198168728006,Recommended,287390,23257142,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Filthy Boiii!!!,best game ever made for sure!!!!!
,Recommended,287390,23255815,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MichiganBro,I helped a small black child find his family and then they left the place he helped me fight for. The black child helped me see bad guys and made it easy to kill others.The black child is best child.
,Recommended,287390,23252603,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,David0vić,A major step up from metro 2033 in every way. There was never a dull moment in this game it was all outstanding. I loved the gunplay in 2033 and it is so much more polished and redefined in last light. Better ai and much better stealth making the gameplay just more believable. The game has a more interesting story then the original and much better characters that are very interesting and memorable which the original had none besides khan. The game does an amazing job at making you hate all the human enemies which was the reason why I just couldn’t stealth my way through the game knocking everyone out because I wanted to kill every single one of the evil c*nts. I did play like an assassin though doing knife takedowns and headshotting with a silenced ak47 which was so satisfying to do. A higher budget then the original meant that they could just do more interesting things in the levels themselves and the levels feel varied and just more fun to play through then the original. One of the best games released in 2013.9/10 (Amazing)
,Recommended,287390,23241311,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Aimovoros®,"One of best horror-survival fps game i have ever played.Offers an outstanding experience all the way from start to finish.Storyline, soundtracks, gameplay and graphics are solid.Dont NOT hesitate to buy both games.PS: PLZ play the first one before this."
76561198343846890,Recommended,287390,30787438,Posted: 27 March,all,MC11703,"Great game! One of the best survival, stealth, shooter games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,287390,23428664,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,NienJaunJaun,"hey, its pretty good"
76561198142455202,Recommended,287390,30790595,Posted: 28 March,all,madbuilder76,For some reason i didnt get an important part of the game when i downloaded off the site. It didnt give me the characters of the game and everybody is invisible including the creatures im supposed to be fighting.
76561198125907595,Recommended,287390,23195627,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Marshall,really good game to play and worth it's price. P.S. cant wait when new metro game will come
76561197970737124,Recommended,287390,23213644,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,korifg,Well worth the money
,Recommended,287390,23184296,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Dank memes for edgy teens,"Its like communism, but with more communism.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drink voka"
76561198076282129,Recommended,287390,23173858,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,sir swagyolot,"A very well-crafted game, worth your time"
,Recommended,287390,30783608,Posted: 27 March,all,JW,"I have got to say that this game is one of the best shooters that I have played. Imma just go through the pros and consPROS= Great story, amazing animations, good gun mechanics, awesome ending, runs greatCONS= Some areas of the story are drawn out or just plain boring, character are slow paced so you have to wait forever for them to move, does not completly explain all the gagets you have or how to use them, 1 part did not tell how to kill the enemy so i had to look it up"
76561198089645223,Recommended,287390,23227985,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"The Redux is basically just Metro Last Light but with much better optimization.Haven't noticed any major changes from regular LL, aside from the optimization of course. The Redux includes all of the DLC of the original Last Light, like the Khan and The Tower Pack missions.Metro Last Light is the continuation of Artyom's story from Metro 2033. As with the first game, the story is great, atmosphere is great, gameplay is fun, and the stealth not terrible. Includes the Ranger difficulty modes, Steam trading cards, and achievements.It took me about 12 hours to finish the main story, and about 3 more for the DLC missions. I intend to complete it in Ranger Hardcore as well in the future. I would definitely recommend buying it if you enjoyed Metro 2033."
,Recommended,287390,23202664,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,sirholo,"Awesome!  FPS with a great story-line, and very atmospheric environment.  Explore!Yes, like most modern solo FPS stories, it is goal-based, but not so linear that it feels like the usual cutscene-kill-cutscene-kill-... of games like COD.  Take your time, explore, and talk to everyone.  You can even go back, to a point, in the maps.  Tons of side-areas to explore... if you wish.If you just want a straight 3-hour FPS playthrough, then this is not for you.  I've spent 118 hours or so on it, and am not done.  Very replayable!"
76561198258101082,Recommended,287390,21221776,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,✪ aurora,good
,Recommended,287390,21217994,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Buck3t,"Just a continuation of the first one, not that that's a bad thing. If you've played the first one, I recommend you continue to get the rest of the story and buy this one, they come in a bundle, so don't hold out and not buy whether or, get them both,and get the rrest of the kick♥♥♥♥♥story!"
76561198061615774,Recommended,287390,21218561,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,quingle,rules
,Recommended,287390,21236127,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SlavKing,this is a great remake of the origonal game series but i keep on having crashes in oktobriskya; not shure if its becuase of my GTX 970 or if others are haveing this problem too
76561198085323294,Recommended,287390,21253184,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FagMuffins,This game is almost as good as Metro 2033.
,Recommended,287390,21290121,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AnarchoRuralism,The only issue with this game is that it has little replay value otherwise get it!
,Recommended,287390,21373868,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ุ,Incredible and memorable story. easy game to play.
,Recommended,287390,21424869,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Caliph of the Communist Party,I hate spiders！
76561198039256127,Recommended,287390,21432102,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Banaani,"+Nice post-apocalyptic themeExtremely detailed graphicsBig variety of weaponsTons on unique and awesome featuresTook exactly 10h to complete the gameI surprisingly liked how Russia was mixed to this gameLots of different enemies-Few times little bit repetitiveI didn't like the alien stuff even thought it was major part of the storyThere is no multiplayer, Co-Op or other missions what you can play after the main game8,5/10 Would pay the full 20e, but I still recommend waiting for sale to buy it"
,Recommended,287390,21473430,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Andri_X3S,"I love this game, the story, gameplay,... it is just amaizing, there are some small bugs but nothing that could brake the game."
,Recommended,287390,21541303,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Musica,"so they changed some stuff around and made some areas lighter and darker and moved some enemies, besides that no diffrence. IT IS A GOOD GAME and I would reccomend it over the standard version but I still feel ♥♥♥♥ed about it"
,Recommended,287390,21517954,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,NineSky,Nice gameplay and story overall. Had fun playing this.
,Recommended,287390,21522899,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Geru,"The sequel of the award winning metro riding simulator: Metro 2033.Now, with about the same amount of metro as the last game.11/10"
76561198048578476,Recommended,287390,20366971,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,IR-INCLINE,"This is the first official cluch simulator I've played. Buy it. if you dont have the first, get the bundle.Tip 1: If you dont find at least 2 filters while using one, you are going too slow! Don't explore while enemies are around you on the surface this will force you to sneak around. Move around to eliminate enemies fast, quickly, and quietly.Tip 2: allways have a gun that is silenced and has close to far range like a pneumatic weapon with a lazer sight and a 2x scope on itTip 3: get a High pressure valve on your pneumatic weapon. it will save your life."
76561197974621773,Recommended,287390,20426234,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bld - f*ckerpuller,Tis game made me want to read the books. Just awesome!
,Recommended,287390,20394527,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dulunya_Botak,This game is more action-packed version of the original one. A very great game.
76561197960767884,Recommended,287390,20392619,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Blewz,"This is my first time reviewing a game and I thought it would try to do my best on Metro: Last Light Redux.I have not played the other Metro game so I can't compare my experience with it, but I can say i played this for 26 hours or so now and I just finished the game playing Ranger Hardcore mode and it was really fun, like it state when you choose it ammo is realy hard to find sometimes but i guess it depends how much you use it.But then on the other hand i find some weapons a bit to op""like the throwing knife"". But I did like to use it :).The story itself was good, not too long, not too short for me at least it's a perfect game to play one hour at the time for a few hours because it was easy to forget the time. There were actually a few times a got jumpscared and that's a plus.Since this is my first time I know it's probably spelled and grammar wrongs, but I hope I manage to give you some hint on the game.What I can say about the Graphics it was amazing, I played on max setting and did not have any lag or anything and my setup is not the best:GPU: GeForce GTX680CPU: Interl(R) Core(TM) i7-3820 CPU @ 3.60GHz16Gb RAMI would give the GameGraphic 10/10Story 9/10Fun to play 10/10"
,Recommended,287390,26064937,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,_/(x____O)乄,"This is the most thrilling game I have purchased. It's a shame it's going for 5$ nowadays it's well worth 60 dollars, Best i can describe the game is if you're the developer and you've played the first metro all the way through; and you decided to go all in balls deep guns blazing this game will be the one you've been searching for a long time. One of the best games I've played It's got everything. Exploration, storyline, thrills, energy, it's absolutely amazing worth the money!"
,Recommended,287390,26057968,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vin ★ EsperanZa ★,"If you are fan of the Zombie / Apocalypse / Horror games , i recommend you to play this game !Awesome sound effects which make you feel scared and make you pay attention to every single detail and corner around !"
,Recommended,287390,26053531,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,EpochPirate,Artyom getting knocked unconscious simulator
,Recommended,287390,26053795,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kupka,"Such a great game, story, gameplay, graphics are pretty insane. Would love to see more of those!10/10"
76561198218308171,Recommended,287390,26047312,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Karl,"TODA HORA FICO SEM BALA , o demonio não morre ! ; Mas recomendo o jogo ta em promoção menos de 10 reias !"
,Recommended,287390,26046387,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ffive,"You can hear strage noises down the drain....fakin mutant rat or♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.In this game the animals dominate the man,so don't go out unarmed and you can't be safe while sleeping... :(In this cruel world,the extremist are still living.Fak.The war between nazis and commies still rages in the undeworld of post apocaliptyc metro of Moscow.You and Artyom have a lot to do,as you have seen.Good luck!"
,Recommended,287390,25888182,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,..,"good,fun game 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,25947520,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,(Vlad) SantaAri,Definently a great story line and immersive. Played both trough in 9 hours ;DIf you are lookin' for a good story line both metros are the way to go. The first was more scary.
,Recommended,287390,25923658,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kyotohongaku,"Played this game to the end  on a mid-2012 macbook pro, so you can lower the minimum for OS X version with at least, 2,5 GHz i5 and intelHD 4000 video"
,Recommended,287390,25925015,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AChickenNugget,"Masterpiece. One of the more iconic games which people should play, along with Metro 2033!"
,Recommended,287390,26233169,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Swanx,"Ohhh,i love METRO <3Ty 4A Games"
,Recommended,287390,26321469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,emlymnsn,this game is dope
,Recommended,287390,25860424,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,The Spook Staber,10/10 i got the book
,Recommended,287390,25862245,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gusatvo,I recommend this game if u want to drink vodka in the sewer
,Recommended,287390,25889195,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RawfulMao,♥♥♥♥ THE SWAMP LEVEL
,Recommended,287390,26234658,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,RyDeath,Cool game with nice gameplay and amazing lore!
76561198033007071,Recommended,287390,26229821,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ProtatoJoe,Very nice continuation of the first one 8-10 hrs of gameplay if you really want to explore the post♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,26211963,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Mercalon,"The next part after Metro 2033 Redux. If you're interested in atmospheric survival, then this game is just for you!Pros (+):- Atmospheric gameplay- Good graphics- Good storyCons (-):- Story's short.I recommend it to buy at sales prices, atleast then it's more reasonable."
,Recommended,287390,26224925,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,Great game. Great graphics. Hoping for a free roam Metro in the years to come.
76561198234506820,Recommended,287390,25092989,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ejgalvez_501,"Probably one of the best games here on Steam. If you really enjoy hard games, play it on survival mode, as you will struggle for filters and have to plan ahead whenever you find some filters.Also, there are some annoying glitches that will mess up your game experience, buuuut, you can get over them. First, the enemies sometimes freeze and they will not be able to shoot you, which is nice if you only want to pass through a difficult level, but is not nice if you want to experience the game difficulty. Second, sometimes access to the next part of the mission may not be available. But anyway, you can get over those glitches and just enjoy the game itself.Most importantly, do not spend the whole day and money in Venice ;)"
76561198112199375,Recommended,287390,25104582,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MachoTaco,"This was great, The story was pretty unpredictable up until the last moment, and the times where you were all alone against mutants were hard but fun. And I also love how you could go guns blazing or quietly eliminate everyone one by one, I got pretty sad when it was over but, all good things come to an end.10/10"
76561198202836886,Recommended,287390,24885601,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Waifu Hunter,Russian simulator Part 2. With supernatural stuff
76561198054894548,Recommended,287390,25096025,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SeraphBoiii,Ayyyy lmaooo
,Recommended,287390,25185416,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Qweeble,What's more Russian? This? Or CSGO?
76561198144264603,Recommended,287390,25184695,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Teemi,"one word, underrated. This game is good af, the atmosphere and gameplay blew my mind like bioshock did."
,Recommended,287390,25156748,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,raydhanitra,"The sound effect gives me goosebumps. Hate the monster, they had no ammo at all :D"
,Recommended,287390,24992827,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TebraX,Just yes...11/10
76561198057429257,Recommended,287390,25010046,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Marcus Swagantonius ☧,Remember when you could still buy the original Metro Last Light? Me too. The improvements are nice though. 10/10
76561197975472879,Recommended,287390,24962822,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Videodrome,"great post-apocalyptic action game with elements of stealth and roleplaying.i really liked the atmosphere and story, even more than in the first game.it has good graphics and a good gameplay, but mostly a fine story!"
76561198226339016,Recommended,287390,30847031,Posted: 30 March,all,Strange Galaxy,"A mixture of COD, FEAR, Abe's Odd World, Red Faction, and Doom. Beat the game in 11 hours of play, but for $5.99 thought I got my $'s worth. Decent story."
,Recommended,287390,25031609,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,neorist,Hey guys look! Good game here!
76561198302547918,Recommended,287390,25031918,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BigLady,scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,287390,30847212,Posted: 30 March,all,betan the toad,"it is very realistic and story driven. it is NOT open world, it is NOT multiplayer."
,Recommended,287390,24914395,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gekapoo™,"here we have shoter, stels, horror. Good game."
76561198080961167,Recommended,287390,20764194,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,nnabber,Great game and even greater graphics. Needs a fast pc setup though. i6700K and dual Ti 780 OC do the job at 140+ fps
,Recommended,287390,24924207,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SlipperyPine3131,hoh *heavy breathing*  RECOMMEND FOR ALL TO PLAY THIS GAME AND 2033 PLAYED IT 5 TIMES NEVER GETS OLD
,Recommended,287390,24908206,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,charliebrownnz,"This game was lots of fun. On a scale of 1-10, I would give this a 9/10, just for the mere fact it was soo much fun. The story was gripping, and the game play fluid - I found it better than the first game on that fact alone. I played guns blazing, tried very little stealth, but I could have if I wanted to though. Generally, I would snipe as many people as I could with a silenced rifle, which would result in 2-3 kills untill I was spotted. It was technically solid as well, beautiful with no mouse lag.There are some downsides though:* A couple of bugs were present that isn't on the first game. Mainly, on my i5 4690k/390x win 10 pc, the game would crash if I ever alt-tabbed out. There was also some slight screen tearing, even though I had a locked 60fps.* Starting up the game takes longer than it should, intro sequences every time are just annoying.* No user saves, its all checkpoints. On games with moral chocies and side quests, there is nothing more annoying than taking the wrong path and hitting the next save without doing the side quests.* Game-f'ing-works.I highly recommend playing the other game first, this one is better so you won't enjoy the first game as much if you play it after this one."
,Recommended,287390,26547596,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Who,"Very, very well designed game. Plot was more interesting than I expected, and gameplay was immersive and never gets boring. Reminds me of those half-life 2 days.Also, voice acting was great. My playstyle was sneaking so I got to hear most of the enemy npc's chatter. Every group of NPCs had a unique dialogue that relates to the location and your progress in the game, and I find that pretty impressive. I've never heard the same sentence being replayed more than once.DLCs are short and don't add much to the story but they're free so I'm not complaining."
76561198071874180,Recommended,287390,26540202,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[ W O K Ǝ ] NullPug,"Compared to the game that came before it, Metro 2033, Last Light is an exceptionally fine sequel.It has great gameplay, some of the best post-apocalyptic visuals I've ever seen, an immersive atmosphere, and an intriguing story.This game is completely worth a play, though it's probably a good idea to play through Metro: 2033 (or the redux version) so you can understand the story properly."
,Recommended,287390,26538732,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,S1r_L4nc3l0t,Best game
76561197966058501,Recommended,287390,26504532,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ekoenig,"Metro 2033 and Last Light are for me under the top 5 of the best FPS Games of all Time.Story, Graphics, Sound and Atmosphere are really really good, and that's rare these days..."
76561198035105484,Recommended,287390,26566836,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gravitygunman,A good story to play through...
76561197992984268,Not Recommended,287390,20850834,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Furchtlos,"This game is real fun.If you want to know what it is, just read the other reviews.One thing is that after like 14 hours on the hardest difficulty, I finished the game and I have no reason to play it again.So for the price in pounds it's 1 pound / hour."
76561198012169069,Recommended,287390,20838523,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,allstarscope,"Great game takes off right after Metro 2033 love it amazing graphics and gameplay now to start all over again with STALKER 1, 2, 3. and Metro 2033 then Last Light :)"
76561197985483054,Recommended,287390,20834350,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Another fun game that works well.
,Recommended,287390,20860339,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,claytonbeeney,An absolutely superb game. I loved Metro 2033 and even though this one borrows a lot of elements from the first one it uses all the right ones and adds anything that was missing. Combat is satisfying and challenging environments are stunningly realistic and detailed especially for a post-apocalyptic themed game. If you are a fan of the genre you won’t be disappointed but make sure you have a newer card otherwise you will struggle with the larger areas. I should also note this (and the redux) is much better optimized that the first one.
,Recommended,287390,20200233,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vafr0us,"10/10Great Game!!!!I recomend the entire metro series to anyone who enjoys survival and horror games, there needs to be more games like this."
,Recommended,287390,20191663,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sulcataninja,"10/10 best story ever,while it might seem slightly repetative this game has an amazing story line with alot of thought put into it"
,Recommended,287390,20224871,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lil padi v3rt †,"feelbird, take me far away from this place(great game, please buy it. there's no reason why you shouldn't this winter sale. its only $5)"
76561198192886462,Recommended,287390,20245145,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,thumboo841201,good story! makes me want to read the original book.
,Recommended,287390,20235445,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,𝘉 𝘖 𝘐   Crimson,♥♥♥♥♥♥ic Graphics( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10
,Recommended,287390,20203403,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Laboriax,Awesome FPS game - loved every bit of it. Great quality graphics and excellent game play.  To me its on the same par as Wolfenstein.   Need a decent grapgics card.
,Recommended,287390,20877430,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,CroatianSniper,Honestly one of my favroute games out there. Somthing about post apocoliptic games that just hits the right spot for me. 10/10
76561198071631724,Recommended,287390,20664268,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,logan71f100,just as fun to play as the first! truly spectacular game series...really hope their is one last follow up!
76561198194393954,Recommended,287390,20722550,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Osteoporosis,"This game is possibly the only game that can get stealth right nowadays, being trapped underground, sneaking past Nazis and Communists, slitting throats at every oppurtunity. Alternating to runing for your life on the surface, being chased by all sorts of monsters. Scavenging any and all supplies neccesary for one to return below to kill more communists. But you do have an annoying tendency of getting rescued by random people who then dissappear.9/10"
76561198274005823,Recommended,287390,20859744,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lemon Sex,Quite possibly the best game I have ever played. Keeping in mind that I haven't played Metro 2033 yet. 9.5/10
76561198190413365,Recommended,287390,30689431,Posted: 23 March,all,xxaaron5515xx,I dont usually buy games for the story to be perfectly honest but I adored both of these games for exactly that reason. Ontop of an amazing narative the gunplay is solid with small bits of costumization. Theres eastereggs if you explore sometimes. The enviornments are well designed and the game in my opinion runs very well / looks the part. Highly reccomend both. You wont regret it.
76561198325710039,Recommended,287390,26176069,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MalevolentEnigma,"Got this game as part of the Metro Redux Bundle on sale for seven bucks. I'm not disappointed. This game is IMO better than Metro 2033 Redux. The stealth is better, there are more guns, and the story is better. On one playthrough it took me about eleven hours on Hardcore, but I will definetly replay this game."
76561197964621701,Recommended,287390,26174653,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Brett,"A sequel to Metro 2033, this is really Metro 2034.  A fun if short game."
,Recommended,287390,26175404,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,kazairosi,Pretty ok.
76561198322764555,Recommended,287390,26179335,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jackropper,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,287390,26132194,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pimp_Daddy_Connor {throwing},"This game and 2033 redux are the best storyline convervation of resources game keeping you on the edge of your seat are all these badass creatures so creapy you dont want to turn the next corner but you do anyway because you want to know what happens next I promise you, you will not regret the buy"
76561198069181638,Recommended,287390,25686455,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,RIPxUMESH,Awesome game with superb story telling & good good action. its a game that will keep you on yhe edge every time. but before playing this you should definetly play metro 2033 redux so you can keep tab on the story.
,Recommended,287390,16354446,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WolfeP1,"This game is one of the best fps game in the market so far. Set in a post-apocalyptic future, which makes the gameplay more difficult yet more awesome and more tense than any other fps game. I recommend you to buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561197996885522,Recommended,287390,25004487,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,WetYogaWolf,"Fun shooter with a good mix of stealth and guns blazing action.  The ability to clear some areas with entirely different tactics is cool and adds to the replayablity.  The DLC is mostly fun, some of it's actually pretty great.The graphics are very nice and it runs really well on Linux/SteamOSHighly recommended"
,Recommended,287390,30875253,Posted: 1 April,all,Grim,Best Slav simulator 10/10
76561198294603404,Recommended,287390,25676938,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Clippy,Excellent game. Runs well on Nvidia cards.
76561198035946000,Recommended,287390,25683365,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,GolovA,"Same as the original - linear, yet fun, with a somewhat different story, along the same notes."
76561198170178849,Recommended,287390,17325885,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sentinel,"My friends, this game is hugely dissapointing.Please let me help you put down the scope and show you up close what this really is: Call of Duty; Reason you might ask?: Money.This is like trying to work with the Veitnam era m16 looks good but with many problems and should pick up the sticky with blood kalashnikov because it still works."
,Recommended,287390,17332483,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ToxiKate,"Just like Metro 2033 but delves further into the story, the game plays very nice, runs smoothly, though I did have a few FPS hiccups on a rare occasion, mostly on the surface when storms set it.I didn't have any problems with this one, it was simply great, I didn't experience more than a single bug, which was towards the end and was fixed after reloading a checkpoint.There are some fairly awkward sections, though. Mostly what I call the ""boobies"" sections. One is optional and the other is quick, so it's not really as bad as some of my friends were saying.Multiple endings that make what you do in your time playing feel meaningful. Just prepare your feely-feels if you get the bad end.On the note of things I didn't like about the game were basically two things. On occasion, if you don't pay attention, it's pretty easy to get lost on the surface. But if you do, you'll probably die and get to hear what you were supposed to hear. The second isn't really something I don't like personally, but a lot of people won't. The game doesn't really give you a direction. (no big GO HERE DO THIS) sign in the middle of the screen. I personally like having to look around, you can find a lot of cool stuff and get a bit of extra time to take in the great atmosphere.9/10, pick this up, even at full price, there's atleast 5 - 6 hours here, and that's if you don't explore at all. If you require hand-holding when it comes to missions or objectives, pass this up."
,Recommended,287390,17334591,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,☣ReAp3r,"Just finished Metro.I wasnt a big fan of the Metro Series,but then it went on a sale for about $6 so I was like ♥♥♥♥ it worth.Lets just keep it short and real,this game IS AWESOME! If it is ever on sale again and if u dont have it yet,dont even think about buying it...JUST BUY IT!!! If it was even like the normal price its still worth,This game looks amazing! If your a big pc gamer this is no doubt a must play. This is a game that slaps console gamers right in theyre face.IK its not a pc exclusive game but damn this game shows the capabilities of pc gaming. 20/10 WOULD BUY AND PLAY AGAIN!"
,Recommended,287390,17334642,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MoreGun Freeman,"A must-buy at $5.  Get it cheap while you can, because it's amazing."
,Recommended,287390,18163635,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ulaxes,"Fantastic atmosphere, great gunplay, really nice game."
,Recommended,287390,18321020,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"I played the original, but I bought redux for the DLCs. The base game is really good, however the DLCs are of subpar quality :( That doesn't mean that they're not fun, it just means that the quality varies between DLC missions.Keep that in mind if you're purchasing just for DLCs."
,Recommended,287390,17416300,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,arriibah,"Great horror FPS with outstanding atmosphere(it's really the best thing about this game!), beautiful graphics and interesting story.Got it for 3,99€ from Steam sale, so it was well worth the money!8/10"
,Not Recommended,287390,17418778,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,CaptainKeeli,"First off,i want to say,this game is AMAZING i loved metro 2033 and it's redux, the story is good,gameplay as well,atmosphere also and the story is impeccable.However 4A simply doesn't care about the custumers, the game KEEPS CONSTANTLY crashing with messages saying the driver version crashed but recovered,now it may be simply be my graphics cards problem? no i checked and it matches the requirements, then it's the version of the driver?Neither, i've done a rollback. Now i've rolled back my driver versions, i've verified the integrity of the game,uninstalled the game and re-installed it as well and i've even tried doing the re-installation of VC redist 64x, still doesn't work.I've seen people with nVidia 980 GTX, i7 and 16gb of Ram THAT still can't avoid these problems. It's either you crash in intro,you crash because of the driver version problem while playing, no matter what bottom line is you'll eventually crash,might not be from the driver problem, but you'll soon start noticing the game will have screen tears, if that's not enough the game has fps drops RANDOMLY.It's literally like one step forward two step backwards you waste 3~min to boot up the game and load your saved game and you play 10min and then crash,but during that 10min you MIGHT NOT necessarily have reached a point in the game where they save for you(you can't save game). ON TOP of that, i've noticed a pattern certain things WILL make you crash, if you were to say go to this hidden location to find loot and then continue back on your path you'd crash, but if you were to continue the road and ignore loot then you're fine or best example: I'm stuck at this metro station called Venice, keep crashing there can't get out.Specs:Intel core 2 Duo  E 8500 3.16 GHZ8 GB of RamnVidia GE force 9600 GT64 bit"
,Recommended,287390,17419786,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Unown294,"I picked this game up during the 2015 Summer Steam Sale as i heard nothing but great review from others. It wasnt until mid July that i actually decided to play this game. And were they true to their word. This game is much like Fallout New Vegas Hardcore mode only you dont lose your save file once you die. Though d be glad you dont have to monitor you water, food, and sleep level in this game.Metro: Last Light is the sequel to Metro: 2033 and Metro: Last Light story picks up where Metro: 2033 left off. You are now been tasked to essential wipe out the last Dark One that has been recently spotted in what used to be there home. You start off in the citidel and once you are briefed oon your mission a long journey begin. In your journey you travel to various part off the Metro which are unique in their own way. One Station is devoted to fishing while another is devoted to the performing arts and music.The Game allows you to carry up to 3 weapons at a time and doesnt limit you on what catagory they are from. so you can carry 3 sniper rifles, but you run out of ammo for all three really fast. which is the good thing about this game it has you constantly changing you weapons so you dont stick to your trust one shot kill shotgun named betsy. It make for some very intresting game play when you actually focused on hitting you target when you only have 10 bullet left for your machine gun.Pro:-Beautiful Graphics-Difficult but not to challenging level and enemies-Edge of your seat game play-Great Story-Great EndingCons:-will only looks as good depending on how good your hardware is.-large game file-Some Very difficult puzzles (Reffered to a game guide after running in circles for 1 hour)Overall i give it a (9.5/10). As I stated above, the game is only as stunning if your hardware is very powerful. And keep in mind that even with a powerful PC or Laptop this game will make you device Run Very hot, Enough to heat my room up 5 degree fahrenheit higher than the room temperature (75 degrees to 81-82 degrees fahrenheit). So keep that in mind if you live in a room with poor ventalation. Yes it has a few bad spots but that doesnt take away from the way this game plays. And if you havent already played this game you should."
76561198088284532,Recommended,287390,17421530,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,LcFcWalker,one of the best single player games ive ever played
76561198241938326,Recommended,287390,17892791,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,maria_okoh,very good
,Recommended,287390,30519057,Posted: 14 March,all,The Dragon Hunter,"Metro Last Light was really good.Metro Last Light Redux is absolutely brilliant.The graphics are so much better, with lighting that's looks so much set the mood perfect.They also added all the DLC, which is an all round bonus.I'm on my second play though at the moment, still trying to get the alternative ending, plus some of the harder achievements that I missed first time around.This game is definitely ⛧⛧⛧⛧⛧."
,Not Recommended,287390,17667600,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Pud,"Just like with the Redux 2033, I had great expectations of this game, the reviews were mostly positive and the graphics looked great. I must say this has to be the most linear game I have ever played, even more so than Call of duty series. Your game play has absolutely no effect on the game what so ever. If you fight the bad guys or simply run away and hide till its over, the end result is exactly the same. Very disappointing, glad I bought this when it was discounted to $5, even at that price it is not worth it. Its got nothing to do with the age of this game its a massive design fault."
76561198155006001,Recommended,287390,18024271,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Apathy,best game ive played so far.
,Recommended,287390,18649746,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lord Skeet,Awesome follow up to Metro 2033. Love it.
76561198074637487,Not Recommended,287390,18566329,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,adail da galiza,"This game does nothing to do with Metro 20331. You only have 2 dificutly modes: Super easy, which is called ""Normal"" in which you basically walk through the map (and you use to not take damage) and ""Easy"" where you shoot from time to time.  You will always have full ammo.  Why is this?? because the normal difficulty levels are a DLC.2. The game is very scripted. You always have a single path to advance. There are levels where you will think you are playing Virtua Cop.3. As the game is soooo easy, the developers added may things to make the game last longer... by making it slower: depending on NPC that walk slow and have to open gates, by using transprots that move slow, by adding stupid boss battles (one of them only requires 1 shot, but you will have to wait until it destroys te room, other is a humang that doesn't die with 2 grenades...), also not allowing you to sprint because you are in dreams, swamps, lots of webs and of course the new crawling feature that takes ages to move inside holes.4. The script is so stupid that all the atmosphere created for the game with the graphics and sound evironment disappears. It is absolutely random.5. The IA of the enemies is so stupid that now they require several shots to kill them, making the game absolutely unrealistic and again breaking all the atmosphere.6. After a while, you will start being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because of this game being soooo different from Metro 2033 and you will prefer to play Metro2033 again and stop playing this version.7. Damage received or given is far from realistic. You will find yourself destroying tanks with a rifle and not being able to kill a human with pipebombs. The final battle is like Metal Slug but on 3D and more boring.8. 10 hours of additional content!!! I ended the game in 10.9 hours...My guess is that some head developer or product designers was replaced between the 2 games so they did what is being done in the film industry: Produce another chapter of previous worthy title but do it only for the money."
76561198074435473,Recommended,287390,18650754,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,chupy,"Good game, good story, nice gameplay, awesome imersion"
76561198125253126,Recommended,287390,20519717,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vaxdsn,Crouching in the Dark Simulator 2016
76561198098539786,Not Recommended,287390,20521948,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,EternalNightmare,"This game was looking pretty good till it decided to CTD. I tried all the fixes I could find but it still crashes after I save my partner. My money, right in the fire..."
,Recommended,287390,20043240,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheTrollexis,"I appreciated this game a lot, just a little less than Metro 2033 redux*FIRST, you need to play metro 2033 or you won't understand a lot of things. So buy the Metro Redux Bundle(during a sale)+still a good story+little side storys+the freaking Immersion is AWSOME*I was a little bit disappointed because i couldn't use the sniper rifle because I played stealty (but that's my fault)"
76561198033429807,Recommended,287390,20021426,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Badger,"Disliked that many plot points hinge upon the main character getting punched/stopped/knocked-out as he walks through a doorway. This plot device made the entire suspension of disbelief impossible. I spent a significant portion of my time relaxing as the protagonist strolled through a doorway because I knew he would be knocked out and a cut-scene would play.With the exception of the minor issue above, the main plot of the game fleshes out many questions that I had at the end of the original Metro: 2033. The morality of the choices the protagonist makes are entirely left for you to decide. This title is one of a rare few that showpoints the fact that life is morally gray and not black & white.Please do yourself a favor and give this game a shot; you won't be disappointed."
76561198250642270,Recommended,287390,20000059,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,hudphew,Mazing!
,Recommended,287390,20036238,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,twistedTSD,"I love this game, the atmosphere, dark tunnels of metro and even creepier surface, that incredible story which slowly changes Artyom's (and maybe also yours) opinions. I appreciate you can make some choices and find your own way of playing, so it doesn't have to be just shooting and killing enemies, which is so typical for many other games.If you liked Metro 2033 then you definitely have to play Last Light - it's as good as 2033 or even better. If you didn't play 2033 then I highly recommend you to do so.10/10"
76561198066399177,Recommended,287390,20032125,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,N0thinG,Parádní pokračování Metra 2033 .Hra je zábavnější a plynulejší.Určitě když si koupíte Metro Last Light nebudete zklamaní!
76561198021399941,Recommended,287390,20054017,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bonycatfish,"Wow. Rarely do I get such a fulfilled feeling after beating a game. Never has a game given me more unique, interesting experiences in such a short time. The intensity escalates the entire time that you play. Recommending ""hard"" difficulty and survival mode. On the surface, I felt a constant pressure to find the next gas mask, carefully conserving scarce bullets and taking the extra time for a headshot, unique ""jumps"" that are always unexpected. The story carries you along with a flow and a meaning that isn't forced down your throat. Every city feels real and the interactions that the NPCs have craft a very vibrant and ""alive"" metro that gives you real feeling to fight for. This is in my top 10 games of all time. Possibly top 5. I loved it. Like stealth and FPS play? Try this out. The graphical beauty and attention to detail is the cherry on top of this delicious sundae. 5/5"
,Recommended,287390,19791886,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Studious,"So apparently I'm just a bad guy when it comes to playing the metro games. This is the second time I've gotten the bad ending, which leaves me a bit confused. I get that there's a ""moral points system"" that judges how you do; and if you get enough points, you get the good ending; but still, there's something I'm not seeing here. This game gives you a lot of opportunities to do good things, and I did all of it. I gave money to the poor. I spared surrendering enemies. I listened to the end of a lot of conversations. I resisted getting revenge on some pretty terrible guys. I even helped little Timmy get his stuffed bear back... But I'm a bad guy. That just pets my goat.Questionable video game moral systems aside; the rest of the game fares very well. Everything is polished; and this time around the story is cohesive and actually feels more appropriate. There's an actual antagonist in this story, which plays to its benefit very well. We also get to know a lot more about the world and the characters. And hey, our protagonist gets some exposition too! Woohoo! Improvements!Gotta admit though, it feels pretty good to wield the fully automatic cheeky-breeky shotgun and absolutely blow people away. I have a feeling that if the guns weren't so interesting and fun to shoot, the game would've fallen pretty flat. The story can stand on its own, sure. Textures set the mood well enough; but the level design boils down to hallways. Lots of hallways. However, I managed to get around these problems and have a very enjoyable experience. There's just something charming about strolling around the dank metro, or the poisonous surface, and unloading on the first thing that wants to kill you.A few more notes: Shoehorned romance sucks. Some of the particles are meh. I had to restart the last level because of a nasty crashing bug. A lot less motion blur this time around. The extra content feels lackluster after completing the main story, only good for an extra hour tops. Still a little mad about getting the bad ending."
,Recommended,287390,19792592,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Derm,"Immersive, story-driven, survial shooter in a post-apocalptic setting."
,Recommended,287390,26965782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ainz:[nZk],FPS is last genre game I played in the list of my games. but this caught me more than another fps. MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,287390,26965856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aekuems,A great sequel to the already amazing Metro 2033 game. A true sequel in that it expands and improves upon the original without losing the originals touch.
,Recommended,287390,26691451,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,B!,"Also an epic game, worth buying!"
,Recommended,287390,30912368,Posted: 2 April,all,ルド ✪c0ld,The most compelling story ever
,Recommended,287390,26637476,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SteeZy_Snip3r,this game was very fun and scary cant wait for the next one
,Recommended,287390,26735659,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Coffee,"if you liked 2033, you will like this even more."
76561198048281451,Recommended,287390,30913604,Posted: 2 April,all,T BOB 217,I think that this is more of a great story experience than it is a good shooter. I really had a lot of fun playing this emersive game. It stayed entertaining the entire playthrough. You owe it to yourself to snag this game when it is on sale!!
76561198207206767,Recommended,287390,23339700,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RammingRod,Great continuation of the story
76561198071430243,Recommended,287390,23482813,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,mynamachef,"I love this game to bits, and its probably one of my favourite singleplayer experiences. I love it for the game play, for the atmosphere and i enjoyed the story too.Where do I begin? With the gameplay.It has fun, gunplay which is easy to learn but hard to master, my most used techniqe is a mix between run and gun and stealth, however you can play however you like, run and gun, sneaky-beaky or a stealth ninja. There are only a few guns about 10 I'd say and about a max of 9 attachments but each one is suitied for there own play style, some are close ranged, some are far. some are designed to spray bullets at fast speeds, others are slower firing with lower clip sizes but are more accurate and more powerful.And now the story, its no ""The Last Of Us"" or the original ""Metro"" 2033 written by Dmitry Glukovsky but it is a good story in my opinion. Basically, you play as Artyom who has been accepted as a Ranger after the first game and you have to find the last dark one. It has moments of stealth all the way through and action especially with a grand finally and for the most part does a great job at de-glamorizing war. The only part i didnt like was sometimes dialouge gets cut off in the level transitions.Just a great game that ends this two part siries with a bang."
,Recommended,287390,23121584,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,-szyszka-,Dobra giera polecam serdecznie ;D
76561198119753123,Recommended,287390,23351473,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Green.Ranger,wooooooow
,Recommended,287390,23225574,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Gamernation,THIS IS GAME IS UNBELIEVEABLE THE ENDING WAS PERDECT THE TWO GAMES SYNC WELL TOGTHER DWPENDING ON WHAT KINDA ENDING U GOT ON THE FIRST GAME AND I RECOMEND ANY BODY WHO LIKES FPS GAMES TO PLAY IT
76561198103609515,Recommended,287390,23313982,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jbpextra,Uninspired.
76561198000290558,Recommended,287390,28057308,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Neonai,A must buy for any postapocalypse fan
,Recommended,287390,28058215,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Henull,"Shorter than Metro 2033, or at least much easier to make it feel shorter. But god does it look and feel fantastic. I like how you can just sneak through almost whole game, or just go pew pew pew! If you liked stalker series, you might enjoy Metro 2033 and Last Light redux! It has some annoying bugs though (e.g., dudes at church don't move one thing -> have to replay chapter)"
,Recommended,287390,28116911,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WOLFMAN-NT,The getto better verison of a fallout with boobies.
,Recommended,287390,28119600,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,✪ AndrewMeister,"Боже.Про эту игру можно писать мемуары,ведь это атмосферная и невообразимо интересная (в плане сюжета) игра.Я играл в неё очень,очень много, как на консоли так и на пк.Я помню как я впервые зашёл в эту шедевральную игру.Это было невообразимо.Я помню как я боялся всех этих мутантов(особенно пауков) ,помню с каким интересом проходил каждую миссию.Помню были и забавные моменты(например багги) когда НПС застрявали в текстурах,как иногда подшучивал Павел :3.Помню были и моменты ненависти к томуже Павлу,как зверски он предал нас,была и тревога за Анну.Вобщем эти два шедевра (Metro 2033 last light redux и Metro 2033 redux) мне очень понравились ,и я ставлю им 10/10 Бурбонов"
,Recommended,287390,28105537,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Julian Gumenita,"The atmosphere, gameplay and the story is so awesome!I suggest you to also read the book too.Vey nice game and cannot wait for the Metro 2035!"
76561198154715167,Recommended,287390,28121065,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,big smonk,"10/10+MUSIC+U CAN FEEL THE METRO+GROSS+BURNED CORPSES, DEAD CORPSES, DESTROYED CORPSES AND MUCH MORE CORPSES.+SCARY,CREEPY,JUMPSCARES+SAD,+GRAPHICS+BASED ON A BOOK+BETTER THAN METRO 2033- ANNOYING  FILTERS AND GASS MASKSWORTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,287390,28117784,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ＲＡＤＩＵＳ,very nice must buy
,Recommended,287390,26891360,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BananaPancakes,"Last Light is by far the best Metro 2033 game to date. Its a perfect mix of action, stealth, horror, triumph and it has an amzing story to go along with it all"
,Recommended,287390,28111417,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,capnjewboy,If you want to enjoy pooping your pants get this game.I beat it and now im sad :( so you know its good.
76561198092974970,Recommended,287390,28111468,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lexper,"amazing game, story rich, such is life in the metro"
,Recommended,287390,28111041,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,drg8888,"Metro Last Light Redux is a re-release visibly identical with Metro Last Light except it includes all DLC.  If you own the original release, it's probably not worth buying this release.Metro Last Light is an improvement on its predecessor Metro 2033 in almost every way.  It still isn't perfect,  but its definitely a must-have for any post-apocalyptic storyline lover.What to expect if you've played Metro 2033 Redux:  Same graphics, same mediocre AI, similar linear experience that takes  slightly longer(10-12 hrs) to complete. It has better sound quality with excellent sound direction.  It has better level design(more open ended), better monster/mutant design, and a better, more engaging storyline.  It improves on its use of scripted events and lighting to create an  excellent atmosphere (yes, even better than the already excellent original).SETTING (no spoilers): Moscow is completely destroyed in a nuclear armageddon. Out of its millions of residents, only several thousand remain. The old metro tunnels provide them shelter from the harsh nuclear winter, radiation, and mutants of the surface world. The telephatic danger posed by alien-like mutants called the Dark Ones in Metro 2033 is seemingly destroyed by a nuclear attack launched by the hero of the 1st game, Artyom.  A year passes, and Metro Last Light begins.PROS:-Graphics are excellent, great even by 2016 standards. Better than many released this year, actually.-Great use of lighting, sound, and scripted events create one of the most atmospheric postapocalyptic FPS experiences, if not the most-Manages to carve out a unique place for itself in an otherwise overused nuclear dystopia setting-Weapon and human armor/costume design is top notchCONS:-While the textures are ok by 2016 standards, the animations are lagging behind. Weak visual feedback from weapons, and from enemies hit by your weapons-AI is bad(though not broken). Enemies get stuck on corners, and are easily exploited with melee hits.  I get the feeling the game is meant to be played stealth-like.CONCLUSION: As long as you curtail your expectations, this game is going to be great. I'd advise against coming to this game after playing something like Fallout 4 and expecting the same because they are both post apocalyptic FPS experiences. This game is much shorter, and much more focused in scope.It's largely linear, its scavaging is much more limited and quick, its stealth elements are much more subtle, its combat is not as good/diverse, and its a much shorter game. It has very limited RPG mechanics (some weapon customization and buying and selling) That said, it does really well with what it has. Creepy tunnels, amazing swampy Moscow, awesome use of lighting and quality textures create a really atmospheric experience.  It uses many scripted events that serve to only improve on the experience.  It might be a shorter experience, but it does offer a unique experience which you can't get elsewhere. Provided you don't mind spiders, telepathic alien-like beings, or Nazis and Commies in your post-apocalyptic game, this  one is a must-have."
,Recommended,287390,28113743,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tylt,ArtyomArtyomArtyomArtyomArtyomArtyomArtyomArtyom
,Recommended,287390,28094785,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[Jaeger]Rey,"The Games Look Great In The REDUX Version,would recommend you guys to buy this game,no LAG,BUG or any problem A4 is pretty good at remastering its games ,especially better BOOBS in Venice Part xD"
,Recommended,287390,28084693,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kiko,"In my top 3 best games of all time. The pace, design, weapons and story make this game a must have for any FPS lover. Get it, and tell others to get it!"
,Recommended,287390,28090581,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wolfy,Amazing story.
,Recommended,287390,27957896,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,strickensea,"Dark, mysterious and shows that native language is better than just plain english"
,Recommended,287390,30966920,Posted: 5 April,all,从没吃鸡的辅助,游戏还是这种类型的游戏里很好的了，毕竟我对于世界大战之后的世界这种背景没什么抵抗力
,Recommended,287390,22448138,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,armablign @ rAge,"Best Apocaliptic Horror Ever, I played both in the series and the game is amazing at setting the atmosphere."
76561198194927465,Recommended,287390,28041802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Amadeus,For the first time I saw♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game.
76561198330662951,Recommended,287390,28256222,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,YOLO_GAMER,JUST AWESOME! Go ahead and purchase it you wont regreded it.
,Recommended,287390,28300579,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Doidaobr,RECOMENDO !!!
76561197992523493,Recommended,287390,19879464,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Supremeghost,"One of the better remakes or HD-Versions.You definetly see the diffrence between the original and the Redux version.If you have the PC-Power for it, and you haven't played Metro before, you can buy it without doubt.For Metro Veterans it is a nice addition and much more athmospheric, than the original game,due to its better graphics.You should buy both the predecessor and Last Light in a bundle, when Steam sales are available."
76561198006755956,Recommended,287390,28399721,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KlioSeth,"Very good game! Like it's predecessor it is linear but the atmosphere is incredible! If you enjoyed Metro 2033, you'll enjoy this one too! Took me  13h to finish it.Very good game 8.5/10"
76561198014995996,Recommended,287390,30974049,Posted: 5 April,all,Teka,"There's only been a few games that I legitimately didn't want to end - this was one of them.If you want a solid, story driven, post-apocalyptic style FPS that has everything from Nazi's to hookers, look no further, Metro 2033/Last Light is for you.10/10"
76561197998355551,Recommended,287390,28305320,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Loopy_Cecil,"A beautiful looking game with a solid story and gameplay aspects which are well thought out and impressively implemented.  Scary, immersive and atmospheric.  Hard to fault.  Can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,287390,24007043,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OmegaPower,I knew it! Artyom isGAY
,Recommended,287390,28421836,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Unchiu Cheti,10/10
,Recommended,287390,28411565,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,pieroveras | Donate Nova Skins!,"The perfect sequel to Metro 2033, the reworked graphics look amazing after the rework. Similar to Metro 2033, the gameplay is a lot of fun and the story is very rich as well. It's a challenge with the harder gamemodes which makes it a lot more fun, and the moral point system is great as well. With the added DLC from the original Metro Last Light for free, this game is an absolute must-buy. Buy the bundle, you won't regret it.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,287390,28385142,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Big Boss,Like metro 2033 this game is fantastic and every gamer should buy both of them
,Recommended,287390,17305683,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Party Cup,This game is so awesome!!! i recommend you guys buy it! no lag on my pentium! ^u^
76561198200848314,Recommended,287390,28496679,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Neptoon,its good
76561198066661896,Recommended,287390,22720296,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,worff1,"A really solid shooter with some realism, which doesn't sacrifice the fun elements of fps, making it pretty unique. I especially enjoyed the weapon management, having a balanced arsenal (or if you know what's ahead, gearing up properly) and enough ammunition is quintessential to smooth progessing. Stuff like filters really add to the immersion and create tension and desire to progress quickly, which concerning the events of the story, is very appropriate. The voice acting is alright, sometimes it can feel a little artificial and unconvincing though. What I was kind of dissapointed by was the middle arc here and especially going on the surface. In the first game I felt actually threatened and pressured, even on the normal difficulty, the atmoshere was able to convey how YOU are the outsider on the surface and you're not welcome by any stretch of the imagiantion. Here, it's very obvious you now have enough firepower to down a mutant bear without taking any substantial amount of damage. There are quite a few bosses here, which can feel a bit underdeveloped, but some are pretty fun to fight nonetheless. So to wrap this up, I'd defiently recomment this game, pick it up on sale if you can, the redux bundle is a great deal. As for Metro: Last Light, it's a great game with a few small flaws that won't really make a difference for most people.I'd rate it an ARTYOM! out of 10P.S. I don't think I have to mention, as this game is known for it, the graphics are SUBLIME."
76561198119757056,Recommended,287390,22779182,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,†Czaph†,"Another well made survival campaign game. The playstyle of this game is about the same as the previous one however many features such as gun modding is included if you got the original metro 2033 and not the redux version. This game has caught my attention as the weapons isn't just guns like rifle and pistols getting more and more OP as the story passes but the fact that it offered unique weapons such as the portable heavy automatic shotgun! (Abzats) and gatling. (late game). Next up, the difficulty. No. I'm not talking about the easy/hard difficulty but the hidden difficulty of being nice guy or a dooschebag for the two different endings.Reasons why you should get this game:1. You get to walk around with a heavy automatic shotgun that will pummel your enemies with either a semi-auto shot or a short 5 shotgun barrage. why not?2. Campaign story. Just like the previous metro 2033, the story is very addictive and will make you want to venture deeper to uncover the next chapter. A good replay value in my opinion.3. Not enough destruction in campaign? No worries! One of the chapters after the campaign will allow you to play as a heavy squad that instantly starts you off with a gatling gun, then proceeding to sniping with a rail gun and finally finishing up your job with the grenade launcher! If that isn't destructive enough for ya, I don't know what would."
76561198206632473,Recommended,287390,22928007,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ton960 th,bug can not play
,Recommended,287390,22972747,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,We are Anonymous,Metro Last Light reviewed in four letters - b a b e10/10I enjoyed this more than Metro 2033.
76561198096015586,Recommended,287390,22934666,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,putin_the_great,"absolutely the best signle player game i have ever played!! this is an excellent follow up on metro 2033. game keeps you  guessing, engaged and usually a wee bit scared. cannot recomend enough."
,Recommended,287390,22905400,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Daddy,I miss Pavel.
76561198119411928,Recommended,287390,22932598,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Шашлык,Metro: Last Light Redux tato hra mě uchvátila kvalita hry je suprová atmosféra v částech hry je taky super po grafické stránce se mi také líbí této hře nemohu nic vytknout takže za mě pozitivní recenze takže DOPORUČUJI (y) 11/10 :D
76561198079411414,Recommended,287390,22945967,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lil M&M,One of the best singleplayer games I have every played. 10/10 would bang Anna again.
76561198078751000,Recommended,287390,30765764,Posted: 26 March,all,Space,This game is extremely gripping and very fluid. You dont need to play the first game to play through and I highly recommend it.
76561198098567124,Recommended,287390,22640495,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Str8nobull,"Ahhhh The Metro.... I loved Metro 2033 and I just got finished playing darksouls 1 and 2 before picking this game up again while I wait for overwatch.I don't regret picking it up again, it is much different than metro 2033 in the sense stealth kills are much easier to pull off but my choice of weapon against humans remains a decked out pistol to the point where it doesn't look like a pistol anymore, and my choice against monsters being the shotgun.This game is beautiful, my only complaint being it's so immersive while on the surface that it's hard to enjoy the beauty of the russian landscape. Mostly just do to the scarceness of filters for your gas mask so you're always in a panic on the surface because suffocation is a much bigger threat in this game.This game plays very much like dark souls in the sense that you will have cheap deaths, you will walk away from the game, but each time you pick it up again you will experience a rich story and be able to correct the mistakes you made from being tossed around by a demon or having your head blown off by a random bandit.I have experienced some crashes but the game is smart enough to pause if it minimizes. Crashes will send you back to your checkpoint but this doesn't happen very often"
,Recommended,287390,19528631,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zireael,"Metro Last Light Redux is the sequel to the critically acclaimed Metro 2033 and once again you take on the role of the young ranger Artyom in the post apocalyptic ruins of the Moscow metro.And right of the bat : Metro Last Light is a worthy successor and in many ways even better than the original.The first thing you'll notice is that stealth is actually a viable option this time around and it works. No more glitched throwing knives or enemies that can spot you in complete darkness. If you fail to sneak around a group of enemies they will instantly call for backup, making the game harder but in no way unfair or frustrating. Both options work equally well.However sometimes enemies do not spot you even though they clearly should have. But most of the time it feels very good trying to get to the next mission objective without ever being seen.Last Light looks absolutely stunning and while graphics are not everything, I never felt like I was playing a nice looking tech demo. Performance wise the game ran really well on my machine and only in one level I could not get over 30 frames per second no matter what graphical setting I chose.The atmosphere was incredibly tense, with great sound design and music. If you run out of air filters for example, Artyom will start breathing heavily and you think you're going to suffocate yourself.The same goes for the guns in the game. There is a large variety with some customization options like sights, extended magazines or silencers. All in all the gunplay felt nice, and I especially liked the pneumatic weapons which have to be charged up before being able to fire.I really liked that in some parts of the game you will encounter foes that are pretty invulnerable to firearms and can only be defeated by using your flashlight. Of course these sections are pretty dark which makes for a great atmosphere.What I also really enjoyed were the extra missions that let you see certain parts of the story from another perspective. These were really fun, but it's easy to miss them because they are hidden away in the menu.Most of the time the game is very linear with a strict path, but in some cases there are small side missions to complete which will reward you with loot like ammo, guns or new air filters.One of my main issues with the game are the bossfights. All of the boss enemies you will encounter are basically bulletsponges that will occasionally charge at you, but not anything else really. So it's just a matter of running around in circles, evading charge attacks and spraying bullets. Not very challenging and just extremely tedious. A few twists to spice things up would have been nice.Also do you remember charging headlessly into an enemy stronghold in Metro 2033 and instantly getting killed by a trap? Yeah, those were the times. Sure it was annoying, but also a slap in your face to be more cautious.This time around traps do not do any real damage whatsoever and the only thing they will do is scare you when somthing explodes in your face and maybe alert some enemies nearby.I really liked the constant danger of Metro 2033 and this is one aspect of Last Light that did not make any sense for me. It just took away from the experience of an always hostile environment.One other thing I would like to mention is that the games started crashing more and more towards the end. In the last 2 hours of gameplay I had about 4 or 5 crashes to my desktop which was really annoying.I do not know the cause of this, but I think it should be mentioned nontheless.VerdictMetro Last Light is a great game with an awesome atmosphere, slightly better gunplay and a stealth option that actually works. If you enjoyed Metro 2033 there is no real reason to skip this game.83 / 100"
76561198093331005,Recommended,287390,22818098,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,not2bliss,"Played the original Metro so I know its a great game, bought Last Light but I was unable to even boot the game despite my pc specs being clearly capable of handling the games specifications. If anyone could tell me if the bug has been resolved I would greatly appreciate it, because I would really like to try and purchase it again. Thats how good it is :)"
,Recommended,287390,22779664,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"this came out before I had a chance to really get into the original, so not really knowing the difference I gotta say I think it's great. really dark and gritty FPS that plays out more like a movie than a video game. really enjoying it."
76561198051217730,Recommended,287390,22797775,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Gata,"Very good game , maybe my favorite game serie."
,Recommended,287390,22617411,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gabryel,"Highly reccomended, the game gets an interesting evolvment of the plot after Metro 1 also some improvement were made since the characters are written a bit better now and well the immerision is even better which is still the best part of the game, the only thing i was a little dissapointend is that they didn't add more options to combat.I really wish to see another metro game since it has soo much potential."
,Recommended,287390,17401936,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Matlab,Immersive Gameplay and Story. Awesome game.
,Recommended,287390,27365452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jo,"This a must-play if you're into post-apocalyptic♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's the sequal to Metro 2033 and of course I'd recommend you play that first. Either way, the story and gameplay is very compelling and super immersive. The levels in this game are beautifully designed."
,Recommended,287390,27374029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,khenryscorpio,"One of the most enjoyable games of this category.It is the improved version of earlier games with this title, but as first player of Metro series, it was awesome,This is the end of the story, so, play Metro 2033 first, and then come and enjoy Last Light."
,Recommended,287390,27377784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SÄl,Great game
,Recommended,287390,23909526,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SocialPanther™,"10/10After a long hard day of killing monsters and slitting the throats of my enemies in the shadows like some kind of badass Russian ninja, I can sit back and admire this game's superior jiggle physics and, at times, really bad Russian humor."
76561198078386660,Recommended,287390,27318302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PotterPride,they told me git gud. i got sehr gut
76561198307169217,Recommended,287390,27386620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Navee,buy it its worth the price
,Recommended,287390,27384614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skywolf,"I really wish there was a sequel, or a spin-off..."
,Recommended,287390,27369307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sevaarcen,"The gameplay is enthralling, the story is entertaining, the design is polished, and this is one of the most amazing single player campaigns I have had to honor of playing through."
76561198167002752,Recommended,287390,27369185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BeepBeepI'mAJeep,"Very realistic, great atmospheric feel, and awesome graphics10/10"
76561197986684394,Recommended,287390,27361248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkly,"great game !!!!it helped me overcome my fear of monsters, radiation and most of all spiders"
,Recommended,287390,27351313,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Berserker,Just buy it alredy (altough it's not as good as the first one)
76561198027348844,Recommended,287390,27278290,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Big block of smegma,2033 was better.
76561198123033875,Recommended,287390,27286324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aquila Osmund,Great game.
,Recommended,287390,27323753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,knauf,Really good slav game
76561198106608554,Recommended,287390,25818053,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NoxXxy hellcase.com,Greatest SP game i´ve ever played. (or maybe Witcher 3 is better but its best FPS)
,Recommended,287390,27323309,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Herr R0TT,Really good sequel to Metro 2033. Definetly the best game series I've ever played.
76561197972306722,Recommended,287390,27603666,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,not food,"Like Stalker, but with less cheeki and a cool♥♥♥♥♥watch"
76561198072091523,Recommended,287390,16409513,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Deetchroit,One of the best deals on the Stem Summah Sael.Also theres an LMG that fires shotgun shells...so thats literally half the reason to buy it.
,Recommended,287390,15958004,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Roobin13,Love this game played last light and i fell in love with the game. I would recommend if you like atmospheric games
,Recommended,287390,30477961,Posted: 12 March,all,\Verko,Well he sure does have a nice watch.
,Recommended,287390,30506572,Posted: 14 March,all,massocheichei,"Amazing and well-crafted singleplayer experience. This game takes place a year after the events of Metro 2033, so it is very recommended to play that first.Really good gunplay, very engaging story, and the world feels like it actually exists with each people in the Metro living their own life (and the mutants too!)"
76561198036136583,Recommended,287390,16037635,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lucky.Luke,realy nice game with good graphics
,Recommended,287390,16054551,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,jester,"Great Gameplay, great story continuing from the last game. Great characters !"
,Recommended,287390,16774499,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,You like owls?,Fantastic game. Go get it.
,Recommended,287390,16785376,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mainland Man,Great.
76561198036732153,Recommended,287390,17253342,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Proxy,Just like the original game but with Boss class monsters and gun upgradesVery good indeed
76561198082874983,Recommended,287390,17255994,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Corey Mogwai,mine did not come with dlc or i do not know how to open it looked in chapters wasnt there so any mac users beware. the game is fun and gorgeous but i wish i could find the dlc
76561198068602755,Recommended,287390,17147912,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Ol Saint Nick,An excellent sequel to the original.Great ending.
,Recommended,287390,13370224,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JTK45,"Great game with good replayability. If you have any intel graphics card this game WON'T WORK. Before i built a new PC i had an intel HD 4000 and it runs the game smoothly but ALL people, crates, and ENEMIES are invisible. So if you are using intergrated graphics do NOT buy this game."
76561198058478116,Recommended,287390,17037541,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,RjBo1,"For anyone that likes a game that the developers clearly put their effort and heart into, play this.Weapons are nicely designed and have lengthy reload animations.Lighting and enemy noise do a good job of emersing a player in the level.Environments well-crafted and logically connected to eachother.Various gameplay and difficulty modes allowed me to play through this 3 times."
,Recommended,287390,17005820,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Side-B,"Even without the sale this game is by FAR one of the greatest 16gb of space on your pc, many hours will lost replaying this accictive game!"
76561198123468090,Recommended,287390,17044815,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Private Baldrick,"Metro: Last Light Redux ReviewGame descriptionMetro: Last Light  is the sequel to Metro 2033 it continues to take place in post apocalyptic Moscow predominately inside the cities metro system 1 year after the events of the first game. Artyom has been made a Spartan ranger of polis and is sent on a mission to kill the last surviving dark one but thing do not go as planned and he finds himself captured on the other side of the metro. he must now find a way to contact polis as he tries to complete his mission to find a kill the dark one.PositivesMetro: Last Light  does a number of things right and even improves on some of the things from the first game. It is still amazing looking. it provide an atmosphere similar to the first game which is very nice.  you still get that feeling of being trapped when in the metro and that fear that something or someone will be right around the corner and that they will want to kill you. Like the last game it is incredibly detailed to the point where you can tell how much ammo you have in your gun by looking at the magazine because you can see each bullet depending on the weapon and you can get things like dirt, flies and blood on to your gas mask making it harder to see and shoot.It is not as intense as the first game in some areas however in the swamps the game provides a different kind of intensity as there are some new mutants lurking around in the waters and the tall grass waiting to jump out and attack. There are new mutants lurking both in and outside the metro such as a new breed of nosalis which is larger and more dangers and is found deep in the metro.the game play its self has changed very little which is not a bad thing. The fire fights feel really intense and realistic. However it would have been nice if they added one or two more features like being able to pick up and move bodies. One thing that I was really excited for was the truck tone of new guns which can change the way you play. They are as follows.-Three new sniper rifles. The Preved, the Valve and the VSSK which does not seem to be available in the main game instead only in some of the DLC.-Two new shotguns. The Saiga-12 and the Ashot-One new pistol. The Lolife-Two new assault rifles. The RPK-74 and the AKS-74U-One new pneumatic weapon. The TiharNegativesHowever like its predecessor this game like the first game is not perfect.One problem is that it is far too hard to get the good ending. I played it twice so far and both times I got the bad ending despite the fact that I was the nicest guy ever much nicer than I am in real life. I saved that mutant bear thing ,I did not kill any of the people that betrayed me ,I gave to the poor ,always knocked people out instead of killing them and all sorts but I still got the bad ending.The worst problem I had really took away from the emersion and was during a part later in the game I which you were supposed to take you gas mask off to save your partner I could shot the guy(where I perhaps should not have been able to) so I instead shot the person holding her hostage he shot back and broke my gas mask and I was unable to find or buy a new one meaning the next time I had to go to the surface I suffocated over and over again to the point where I had to load an old save and take my gas mask off when I was supposed to. This sadly took away from the emersion.One thing I did not like from the story was the love story between Artyom and his partner Anna. The main reason for this is because in the beginning of the game she is very cold and dismissive of Artyom and then half way through the game she suddenly ""loves"" him and sleeps with him. it feels like it was forced in to the game  and was only half done. I personally would have preferred it if instead of having a love story they focused on and developed the relationship between Artyom and Ulman from the first game as not much is known about him and he is one of my favourite characters.ConclusionIn conclusion Metro: Last Light  is a solid sequel to Metro 2033 so if you liked Metro 2033 you will almost certainly enjoy this game. if you have not played the first game I would recommend playing it first. It is not as good as metro 2033 but it is good enough for me to play it twice and to likely play it again.8.4/10 did and will play again"
,Recommended,287390,17046720,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Plant Eating Man,"I love unique aesthetics in games.The Metro Redux series has some of the more better and unique aesthetics in video games in the sense of storytelling and action pacing.It's stealthy without losing too much action, and vice versa.I love this game because it doesnt try too much to be something else (in my opinion of course).Playing with the controller did kinda suck because it was a bit slow...but that might just be me."
76561198106276963,Recommended,287390,17055713,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Hadvik,War. War never changes.
,Recommended,287390,17101380,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,GetReiched,"Great contenuation of Metro 2033, and I really like how you can experience different endings."
76561197966294360,Recommended,287390,16973446,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Shandarah,It was worth it.
,Recommended,287390,12997421,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Born To Conquer,"I bought this for the hookers and the strip club.Anyway, if you already have the original, just wait and pick up the Redux version during a sale. Otherwise, what the heck are you waiting for? BUY. IT. You will not regret it.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,13548477,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kinetic,"Still have not finishedBut from what i have played, i am most overjoyed...Havent played game like this in a long♥♥♥♥♥time, love the chalenge, love that dark theme, love how it doesnt have your hand the entire game, a must play for fps fans."
76561198040074470,Recommended,287390,13464792,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,welshrob,This is a fun game. I am playing it on the easy level so I don't die too often. It is really linear excpet for a couple times you get to roam around. There are bare swaying mams which is nice. Some compare this game to the STALKER series but I don't see it at all. The game is more like RAGE. Good weapons. Think of all the time spent on the textures then hiding them in the dark
76561197990086528,Recommended,287390,13464961,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cirith,6/10.
,Recommended,287390,13408542,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CiyanX,"Very very very good game. I never read any books and never intend to read one, but this game just pushed that thought away. Metro 2033 was just an intro to this game (this story). I could be the only one but i just have an urge to begin reading the novels.If you are going to play this game, be sure to play Metro 2033 first. Just having the background of the previous game is such a great help in understanding what happens in it. It's actually almost a must to play Metro 2033 first. It's not a game that mind♥♥♥♥s you, but I still got blown away.For specs, i would recommend having a decent GPU and videocard. I've seen people have some problems with crashes because of bad GPU's. I'm not an expert in this so i recommend you look it up just to check.To completely enjoy the game and atmosphere, i recommend to use headphones and dark surroundings.This game has two sides, you can either go full rambo and shoot the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to pieces or you could be a stealthy ninja and only kill when needed (or kill them all sillently)."
76561198082347732,Recommended,287390,17484304,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Prickly Pear,SPOILER ALERTOnly got to have sex once. So sad.20/34 IGN- Best game
,Recommended,287390,17485335,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Das Zwerg,"A nice refresh on an already amazing game. Expanded story, tweaked AI, physics etc. It made this game perfect in every aspect.Combat is intense and gritty. Ammo is scarce on high difficulty, and stealth is critical.The story is captivating. When I first bought this game I sat down for a whole day and night to beat it, and like with Metro 2033, when I finished, I wanted to go again.The graphics are simply stunning. I can't begin to describe how gorgeous they managed to make a desolate wasteland look.Overall - 10/10"
76561198063465268,Recommended,287390,17486947,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ssmb 92,"Haven't played the original but Redux is great.I'd really like to see an open world version of this game, similar to Fallout. It has all the hallmarks of a great post-apocolyptic survival game, although I do seem to think the story of LL over 2033 seems a bit more ""sensational"" if I could say that, perhaps even unexpected in terms of where 2033's story went. Although I never read the novels or whatever anyway.The game is not without bugs though they are extremely minimal and stealth play is fabulous, on the harder difficulties it just feels so good. Highly recommend it to anyone, it is a great experience and will leave you wanting more when you've finished it."
76561198028425500,Recommended,287390,17710160,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TheMack,
76561198091111453,Recommended,287390,17187312,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SteelCentaur,Made me drop a tear :')
,Recommended,287390,17634698,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Creepy Psychopath,Playing this on the hardest difficulty gave me PTSD.
76561198139502098,Recommended,287390,17605074,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,stari-vujadin,"Atmospheric, good shooter, nice story. Interesting weapons and challenging combat."
,Recommended,287390,17621023,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ganso,"Metro Last Light [Redux] is the sequel to the almost forgettable previous game Metro 2033 [Redux]. If you have not played it, do not bother.This game, however, is a must-play and much better game, with great plot, interesting settings, well-design levels (although linear). The game also packs a lot of action combined with stealth, and good graphics and sound."
,Not Recommended,287390,17581178,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Boby,"Static soun bug through all the game and no fix for a game that is one year old is unnacceptable, and this is the only game that has had this problem on my computer so far"
,Recommended,287390,17583841,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,🖤Nix Abyss♌,As good as the first and same as that review I wrote. Both games are a must have.
76561198007171515,Recommended,287390,17589404,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,stabiker4130,amazing game but im stuck where the swamp monster knocks the log away and my guys are glitched and wont fix it so i can never progress...
76561198127583011,Recommended,287390,17592580,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ambiguous Treefish,"Beautifully crafted story, striking imagery and intense immersive gameplay are the first things to come to mind when asked about Metro Last Light Redux.  Set in a post apocalyptic Russia, Metro gives you an in depth well crafted look at the survival and the progression of Russian society, and the horrors that insure in this fantastic First person shooter game. Survive the harsh world of the Metro when you battle a wide variety of combatants, which amazingly are not just the mutant creatures of the world above, but fight politically driven humans such as communists and Nazis. Which as a gamer myself whom has delved into other First person shooters, found aweing as the enemies you face add to the story and arnt cannon fodder.ProsThe game is beautiful, the story is incredibly well done, the gameplay leaves on the edge of your seat and the survival aspect is intense, rather than a chore in some other survival games. Also the political references really add well to the story and make you think rather than just you killing mindlessly.ConsWriting this itself is hard as the cons are few in number, but I do have my concerns. Firstly being silent and avoiding fire can be really hard work and from some standpoints it could be considered a rage game. The main thing however that bothers me is that you cant change the brightness, so forget about playing during the day cause it anit gunna happen, also sometimes it does force one to squint which is a little annoying.All in all this is an amazing game and was worth every cent I spent.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,32201933,Posted: 5 June,all,Hhaziq98,Good for get kill him and good ending.
76561198312644294,Recommended,287390,32193569,Posted: 5 June,all,Forever,Nice game
,Recommended,287390,30437852,Posted: 10 March,all,✪ Glory Glory Raiden,<3
,Recommended,287390,30450681,Posted: 11 March,all,Tiny the giant,Not quite as good as the first but still a fantastic game.
76561198022773826,Recommended,287390,28085452,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Matthew,Amazing game 10/10!
,Recommended,287390,28727047,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Just Another Alias,"awesome atmosphere, great story!"
,Recommended,287390,28659236,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Aesthetic Kelp,12/10
76561198144873103,Recommended,287390,28642005,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MY PING IS MY LIFE,This game is one of the best games I've played in a long time so thumbs up
76561198109768994,Recommended,287390,28700354,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Kronk from Cairns,"I must say, one of the best post apocolyptic first person shooters I have ever played. Great storyline and great gameplay. Definately worth $19.99 and even though I bought it on a sale I would gladly pay the full price to play it.I rate this game 10/10"
76561198218131589,Recommended,287390,28696396,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Subsktro,Amazing
76561198031755054,Recommended,287390,28436684,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,A Fuzzy Sloth,"This entire game is an exercise in trying to make up for a huge mistake. I mean, who hasn't accidentally eliminated an entire race of sentient beings with nuclear hellfire before? At least Artyom is trying to make up for it.Story is great.Guns are greatCharacters are great5/7 would blast Dark Ones with nuclear holocaust again."
,Recommended,287390,28434643,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The One,"When i finished metro 2033.I feeled like something was empty,something was wrong then this second game come to fill the empty parts and fix the wrongs.This game is life-saver for the people doesn't get the enlightment ending in the first game.Long story short Thanks to Dmitry Glukhovsky for this excellent story and game developers for this amazing game."
76561198067649691,Recommended,287390,28433663,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CritZap,We've got a sewage problem !
76561198070294896,Recommended,287390,28437388,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TEXAS,its was good
,Recommended,287390,28401785,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,What Doth Life?,hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
,Recommended,287390,28428883,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OcJey,"I own all 4 games, I love most apocalyptic/post-apocalyptic games like STALKER and Metro, if you do as well, go for it! :)"
,Recommended,287390,28585202,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[MKN]bobdelete,amazing you can play stealth or loud and any place inbetween that also has amazing emersion when i go into the metro and go in the rooms with the weird wild life it is super weirdand scary i high recomend this game
,Recommended,287390,28631193,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mein Doktor,Spoiler alertThe Game is Tragic•The story is good and very interesting.•The combat overall is good•Gas mask wiper simulator•Feels like something is missing.overall score is 8.7/10great game I hope to see more of these games.
,Recommended,287390,26163424,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Yuahu,Metro is a great game with a good plot and exciting atmosphere. I suggest everyone to get this game to experience the world is engulfed in nuclear war. In order to be in the shoes of Artyom and explore the very interesting world of Metro ...
,Recommended,287390,27443748,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpaceCat77,Amazing game but doesn't start up anymore since I beat it.
,Recommended,287390,27394145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DatPoop1664,FABULOUS.... LELELELELELE
,Recommended,287390,27453097,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Harout,Awesome game!
,Recommended,287390,27456392,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Edwark12,"Forget everything you ever know about first person survival, this is on the same level of Half Life.The atmosphere and story is great, it's linear and kinda bugy but the atmosphere is enough to get you sinked deep enough into the game."
76561198009298076,Recommended,287390,27391150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CarrotChronicles,"Don't let the number of hours and achievements fool you, I've completed Last Light multiple times on the 360.All I can say is its worth every single penny you're going to spend on this game. And to borrow a phrase from VaatiVidya,'Prepare to Cry'."
,Recommended,287390,27434855,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GluZz,C'est La vie my friend! Never forget.
,Recommended,287390,24711010,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Fallkhar,"An amazing fps experince that allows for a challenge that most other games of the genre dont do. The story is as good as ever basically just a better version of the original.I also have to mention how immersive the game is, good mechanics and story combined with difficulty really keep you on the edge at all times. Listening to every sound and checking your ammor every minute.9/10"
76561198001135500,Recommended,287390,27572324,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Johnny Durpp,"Very immersive with impressive graphics. Imo, the best experience for your first playthrough should be on a higher difficulty (Ranger), while using headphones. Anyone who's a fan of the post-apocalyptic genre should definetly give this game at least one playthrough."
,Recommended,287390,27572483,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DonkeyRainbows,Solid game
76561197987687711,Recommended,287390,27650929,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rusilec,"Great athmospheric game, with great difficulty when cranked to highest.Better watch those bullets."
,Recommended,287390,30952601,Posted: 4 April,all,Max Paderfield,100% in 45hours. no words to say 100/10
,Recommended,287390,27639067,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bozioru,10/10 This game is a masterpiece.
76561198122675025,Recommended,287390,27871911,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝MyOomA⎠⎞CsgoBounty.com,I almost Cried at the end 10/10 best horror survival ever  Nice Work :D
76561198049378106,Recommended,287390,27780386,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mister Brau,"One of my favorite games, highly recommended"
,Recommended,287390,27829014,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,洋葱騎士,剧情不错，细节一流。
,Recommended,287390,27830359,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Butters,SHEDEVOR
,Recommended,287390,27845202,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dat Gai,This game provides a meaningful storyline along with amazing FPS gameplay. This game will most definetely give you value for your money.12/10 :)
,Recommended,287390,30958672,Posted: 5 April,all,NYXTY nine,Worth game to buy
76561198346512992,Recommended,287390,33133808,Posted: 2 July,all,sipi1980,Just like the previous one this is really good. Though I had the feeling sometimes that I am still playing the previous game.I thought at the end we will have a bit more information on the other species but we don't. This was a bit disappointing but the game itself got me lots of exciting hours.
,Recommended,287390,33113775,Posted: 1 July,all,Boothut,Just bought this to benchmark lol
,Recommended,287390,33112651,Posted: 1 July,all,Mom's Pasta is Rasta,"Great storyline, great gameplay, great lapdance.10/10 O-pa"
76561197974004598,Recommended,287390,33208904,Posted: 3 July,all,Iskarius,"Everything about this game just oozes style and polish. It has very good graphics, yet it runs on just about any modern PC. It has good lighting which adds the the feel of the game, and it does go for bit of a horror-kind of vibe.Gunplay is great. I liked all of the weapons here.DLC just adds more for you to do in this game.Story is also interesting, I'm not going to call it great, but it does pull you in and makes you at least care about what's happening.Overall a great game."
,Recommended,287390,33231158,Posted: 4 July,all,火PyRo火,Very beautiful game and the story is just amazing !
76561198064800389,Recommended,287390,33236490,Posted: 4 July,all,ddeerrtt,This game is the reason I hate Communists and Nazis
,Recommended,287390,33234407,Posted: 4 July,all,|The Suspect|,i like the gameplay
,Recommended,287390,33234311,Posted: 4 July,all,ImAWizard,I'll make this short. It's a great game but you need to play Metro 2033 to understand some of the things happening as it spoils the ending. But still an amazing game.
76561198190571534,Recommended,287390,33248089,Posted: 4 July,all,YanVaL,WAAAAUPerfect AtmosphereGreat GameGreat StoryOne of the best games i ever played !
,Recommended,287390,33031284,Posted: 30 June,all,Cypress,A masterpiece fps games that should be in your steam library
,Recommended,287390,32877151,Posted: 27 June,all,Cooke,"Wasn't expecting this game to be as good as it was, money well spent. I would recommend to anyone who asked."
76561198376262968,Recommended,287390,33041245,Posted: 30 June,all,hermanherjayanto19,goooood gameplay
,Recommended,287390,14781909,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,NJMeythaler,"Not ridiculously challenging (best played in Ranger for survival experience), and the enemies were threatening and scary. Still this game can be sumed up as average. The surface moments are probably the most immersive, the stealth parts are rather boreing and play into waiting for dialogue that seperates your enemies and then using throwing knives to finish the job. The game feels very cookie cutter with each chapter picking a theme e.i (Stealth *Note: you can choose to just go guns blazing except fighting librarians*, Firefight, Mutant survival) with almost no mixing and the occasional rail shooter.Both Metro 2033 and Lastlight together are about worth 25$ of game if you got the money to spare debatably 20$ but no more."
76561198012176200,Recommended,287390,14704422,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,effingturtles,"If you counted Metro 2033 Redux and Last Light Redux as a single continuous story line, only Valve could have done better. Has some flaws but they hardly bring down the overall narrative which is very satisfying. If you like focused story driven games with lots of attention to world building and detail, this series is for you. Also the game is a lot better optimized than some people claim; on my five year old laptop atleast (Core i5 M480 @ 2.67Ghz, 8GB RAM, anda 1GB RADEON HD 6550M). I was able to run it at medium settings just fine and it looks better and runs better than most games do on ""high"". SSAA definitely seems to have the most effect on performance. I just left it off. Also if your rig is even worse than mine, you could set it to 0.5x which actually reduces the quality (by rendering it at half resolution instead of double) but significantly increases the performance (at the cost of making it look like a PS3 / 360 Game)."
76561198011108681,Recommended,287390,14645141,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,High Profile (ॐ),"One of the best sigleplayer campain games i have played and i have tried a few. The lighting and atmosphere is amasing in this game.. If you have to waste a weekend, waste it on this game."
76561198036156118,Recommended,287390,14608286,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,aerr,It is great.
76561198002475274,Recommended,287390,14838657,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CK| Sir_Muuskis,"This game was an epic expirience in gameplay and in the storyline, few minor bugs that i came across was only a few crashing issues, but overall gameplay was amazing till the last bit! So good actually that i might play it through again just to find more secrets! If you like your eye candy survival FPS then i suggest this for all!9/10"
76561197964563521,Recommended,287390,14316597,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Why-Not?,great game had alot of fun playing
,Recommended,287390,14316830,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Prince Samuel Anesu Taylor III,"Metro Last Light is an outstanding game and most definitly deserves as space in your 'Need to play before I die' list. The atmosphere is amzingly deep and will make you twitchy as the suspence builds. Also warning to those who have arachnophobia because  certain parts of the game will definitly trigger you.What I loved: Great Story, lots of action, horror elements, attention to detail, graphics, atmosphereWhat I disliked: minor graphical glitches, some of the voice acting, NO FOV SLIDER!!!Overall this is well worth your moneyMetro Last Light Redux gets a solid 8/10"
76561197995571835,Not Recommended,287390,14357973,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,clonedrad,"Crashed non-stop on my otherwise 100% stable NV-based machine.  Repeatedly corrupted its own save files, with no fallback due to archaic console-style save system (doesn't even preserve its second most recent save).  Impossible to complete storyline as a result.  Would ask for refund except doubt I'd get it since I've spent so long trying to batter my way through.  Nice game, impossible to play."
76561198197905961,Recommended,287390,18624757,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MeneerNescioMeneer,amazing story and a one of a kind perfected FPS!
76561198071059974,Recommended,287390,18875937,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Darius and Feed,This review will be quick and right to the point:Positives:+Great atmosphere+Bug fixes does not crash or have framedrops like previous metroLL+Addition of survival made it an intense experience+Models improved and hitbox improvements+Seams linear but searching requires a bit of insight while listening to clues+On harder difficulties AI is satisfying and not dumb but highly responsive+Interactive story+Immersive game world+Very good dialogue explaining everything+Hidden stashes can unlock items very early in the game allowing for interesting new pathsin between:Weapons are very well balanced however there are only about 2 that stand out azbat automatic shotgun and the long shot sniper.Monster AI is still very undecisive.Negatives:-Again the monsters can be ruthless and dodge and weave an unfair amount of ammunition.-Even on survival hardcore I had no problems finding enough gas filters to get through the surface without much exploration.-The physics are still horrifyingly bad and you almost get stuck on every jump you try to make.-The execution/knockout of an enemy still has trouble detecting if you are nearby (harder difficulties this misposition makes you alert the guards on the entire level)-Removal of over 20 achievements and some DLC that was fun cannot get old metroLL anymore.The original Metro 2033 still a better game in terms of atmosphere and balance not in story however.8.5/10Play this game I highly reccommend it however be prepared to put in time this is not something you can play for 30 minutes then put down.
76561198059279859,Recommended,287390,18864047,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,peter.edwards853,Stil a little buggy but still a great game
,Recommended,287390,28724451,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Osiris,"Decent storyline, great singleplayer I've played in a while tbh"
76561198299392602,Recommended,287390,28720457,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Íslendingur,Damn good game.
76561198286640722,Recommended,287390,29100091,Posted: 7 January,all,龍戰士,"good game, nice story line"
,Recommended,287390,29100870,Posted: 7 January,all,Wacko,The last of the Metro story. Really a good story to be honest. The game can be demanding on your rig and may have some dated gameplay physics/logic but the story and aura of the game come together to tell the tale of the Metro just like the book.
,Recommended,287390,29067631,Posted: 6 January,all,Ed 🎃,The one story-based game that I played through to the end and enjoyed it the whole way through.also scared the crap out of me but what gives
,Recommended,287390,29120659,Posted: 8 January,all,mearc_risps,"A truly atmospheric experience. Metro does a superb job of immersing you into a post-appocalyptic setting. If you liked ""Fallout"" - you will like this even more, and if you like ""Stalker"" - you will just fall in love with the grim and gritty tunnels of Metro."
,Recommended,287390,28722779,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AndrewDeadShot,The story is very good and very interesting as well as the combat. I would like to see another game like this. 10/10
76561198100723251,Recommended,287390,28978567,Posted: 3 January,all,Begbie,great game with a really nice storyline and atmosphere.you love Last Light when you think Metro 2033 was good ;)
76561198075637879,Recommended,287390,28999661,Posted: 3 January,all,whatthephuck4255,Finished the game and had a blast ! Amazing graphics and almost perfect storyline. Character development was great . Would recommend it to anyone.10/10 Need for filters
,Recommended,287390,29000365,Posted: 4 January,all,die_lahn,"Like the first in the series, great atmosphere, good story, and plays kind of like if Irrational Games (Bioshock) made a Fallout game. Levels are fairly linear with hidden goodies, but you can choose different paths in many, and prioritize stealth/scavenging or action/gunplay. It even has two game modes that alter certain aspects of the gameplay (i.e. amount of resources in drops and damage to & from enemies among others) to cater to both styles. This is an awesome way to vary the gameplay and add replayability to a game without having to add a lot of time to the development IMO, and I think it would be a nice feature to see in other games"
,Recommended,287390,28966757,Posted: 2 January,all,George,A god damn badass game.
,Recommended,287390,29036561,Posted: 5 January,all,Sieg Roblox,The atmosphere made me hardThe voice acting made me pre♥♥♥♥♥The story made me explode11/9 boi
76561198022298610,Recommended,287390,29046202,Posted: 5 January,all,djuro20,"Even if the game is rather linear it offers an immersive experience. I recommend you play on higher difficulties becasue the game is not that hard, and i belive it will offer more enjoyment. Asside for some quite inconvenient autosaves at checkpoints i have no issues with the game. I simply love a shooter with no autocover, first person and no Xray vissions .Deffinetly worth a buy, i got it on sale for 5$"
,Recommended,287390,29027150,Posted: 4 January,all,Bladex,Much funner than 2033 in my opinion and the Developer Pack is fun.
76561198121407388,Recommended,287390,29004891,Posted: 4 January,all,Mikey,"Breathtaking, both literally and figuratively. The story is amazing, especially when playing from the previous game.The game mechanics such as wiping the blood from your gas mask and to check your watch to see how much time you have left in your air filter.Gorgeous graphics."
,Recommended,287390,29009161,Posted: 4 January,all,thor,"I can say a lot more about this game, but there is a problem that is annoying. Enemies prefer to shoot the player. The enemies just keep spraying on the wall that I hide behind while many of my allies are not behind cover and in the enemies line of sight. My allies seem to be invincible, sometimes they die but I guess that was supposed to happen anyway. I'd prefer more intelligent allies and enemies, just like nearly all popular fpses.I'd say the same thing about Metro 2033."
76561198078880478,Recommended,287390,29066806,Posted: 6 January,all,Jigsaw,"Really fun game, really great story. Worth the 10 hours I put into it for sure. I loved this game."
,Recommended,287390,29067077,Posted: 6 January,all,Stephen Paddock,Like the first game but with better steam back grounds
,Recommended,287390,33310597,Posted: 6 July,all,GODCrispy,"The story is one of a kind. A positive rollercoaster of emotions. Didn't get good ending, but I still loved it all."
,Recommended,287390,33313692,Posted: 6 July,all,Noobinator,"this game was amazing. the AI was great, the story was amazing, the immersement was allmost perfect. This game is one of the most realistic by far!"
,Recommended,287390,33346314,Posted: 7 July,all,FIDGETSPINNER,1 wordGREAT GAMEwait thats two
76561198354046082,Recommended,287390,33346107,Posted: 7 July,all,M32SP00KY4Y0UM8,one of my favorite games if all time one of my favorite stories and gameplay be sure to pick it up in the metro redux bundle is worth it to get two of the best games ever
76561198067221264,Recommended,287390,33440620,Posted: 10 July,all,Griswold,"I'd recommend it firstly to those who finished the other game, and secondly to those who haven't played Metro at all so far, but first, don't forget to check out Metro 2033.Simply awesome game! It was better than the first game (Metro 2033); not that that wasn't good, but this was really excellent, had more vibe, new different types of interaction throughout the game. One thing that I noticed is that you get to kill more humans than monsters in this game. The story is about to get in depth with the war between factions (even in times of peril such as the post-apocalyptic Moscow humans still care about killing each other); so there are the normal people without strong political beliefs, and then we have communists and fascists.I really loved the 'dark one' part;The whole thing involving girls in the gameplay and story is brilliant;Graphics are exactly as they should be.The ending is stunning.Pity that it tends to crash 2 or 3 times along the line. So, I'd give it a 9/10."
76561198035410528,Recommended,287390,33442843,Posted: 10 July,all,Hattress[NL],when you think the first game can't get any better this comes along.with even a BETTER story! and BETTER gameplay!and the redux comes with a lot of fun DLCs.and just like the first game it is realy hard to get the good ending.so if you want to have fun dont try it and just do what you want to do.
,Recommended,287390,33443853,Posted: 10 July,all,Matro,"i great action adventure shooter set in a distopian post apocaliptic future of Russia, for a better game experience, play this game with Russian language, set subtitles to english (or any other subtitles you will understand) and turn off crosshair"
,Recommended,287390,32456713,Posted: 15 June,all,Bryo,"A must buy for any fan of FPS, Survival, and Post-Apocolyptic games."
76561197971624329,Recommended,287390,33454835,Posted: 11 July,all,MrWabbit,The writing in this game is fantastic. It regularly moved me with some deeply sad and disturbing scenes.Play this on ranger hardcore and this wille scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and break your heart.
76561198199010866,Recommended,287390,33463815,Posted: 11 July,all,Leonardo Retardo Hellcase.com,"If you think this game is like Fallout or any of its other games, you are extremely mistaken.  More cruel and unforgiving then any of those games with a decent stealth aspect to it. And ya know, BOOBIES! But the story in my oppinion is fantastic. Is a bit of a system ♥♥♥♥♥ ill be it but dont be cheap and get a good P.C anyways ya retard."
,Recommended,287390,33465848,Posted: 11 July,all,The Mighty Zeus,"This game from start was not the best game, but after a half of a storyline i was so excited that i even bought both parts. This game gave me nostalgia when i completed it. I recommend this game for everybody who likes a bit of everything: some shooting, some scavenging, even some erotic moments were included. Even so this game had really sad ending for me, but i was still happy. I am glad that i played this game."
,Recommended,287390,33465573,Posted: 11 July,all,edooble,The best sequel to my favorite game.
76561198322965741,Recommended,287390,33494802,Posted: 12 July,all,Vie Chen,fantastic game
76561198199364997,Recommended,287390,33323553,Posted: 6 July,all,Predator X,"To get moral points is not easy job for good ending -listening to all conversation,exploring every bit of map,doing stupid side puzzles just to extend 6-7 hours gameplay to 10-12 hours.Moral points are useless you can't kill pavel because you will loose moral points he basically whole game tries to kill you.though good game leaving this aside"
,Recommended,287390,33492395,Posted: 12 July,all,big pete,the sequelits good also no cheeki breeki i actually hate it no joke just like die 100/1
,Recommended,287390,33507412,Posted: 13 July,all,Tupolov,Worth every penny
,Recommended,287390,33527931,Posted: 13 July,all,CAMBIT,This game is truly amazing. 10/10 im getting metro exodus!!
76561198158868628,Recommended,287390,33512089,Posted: 13 July,all,GoldenEagle,its a great game the ending was really good
,Recommended,287390,33504989,Posted: 13 July,all,Adam Apple,"If you want a linear, immersive, survival, story-driven, morale-questioning, shooting-stabbing, lap-dancing experience then this is the game for you."
76561198008315949,Recommended,287390,33486594,Posted: 12 July,all,KyofuRex,"Im not a good reviewer, i just tell my thoughts about it.Incredible atmosphere, the graphics are insanely beautiful. The level/enviroment designers deserves a medal, every part of the game world is detailed. I liked the story, the game's length was long yet i never felt boring, my curiousity to explore every inch for ammo or secrets etc. kept my attention.There were some things i didnt really like. The checkpoint save system is unpredictable. sometimes its save my every step, sometimes later it doesnt save for 20 minutes and if i mess up something and loads me back to almost the beginning is quite frustrating. the knife/knock out interaction is way harder to achieve than in 2033, finding that damn spot to stab or knock can be nightmare sometimes.Other than that its an unique experience. Really recommended."
76561198091591268,Recommended,287390,31671002,Posted: 10 May,all,⚜TinyTreeFucker⚜,I dont like horor but i like this game
,Recommended,287390,31643691,Posted: 9 May,all,Micholous,"short review: good, entertaining (redux)metro game.its very much like original metro 2033 but better.Weapons are good and the weapon optimization is pretty nice and works.Game itself is kinda hard but good, its not straight line and simple(aka boring).The older 2033 was a bit short but good too. this game is longer but also a bit harder."
76561198271590011,Recommended,287390,31685271,Posted: 11 May,all,Hehtaarisihti,"Too casualAs a hardcore stealth game enthusiast I do have a complaint: hardest difficulty (survival ranger hardcore) is too easy. There isn't much survival left compared to Metro 2033 Redux as there are always plenty of filters and ammo. I was able to finish the game with several hundred military grade bullets in my pockets, which I think shouldn't be possible. Stealth is ridiculously easy in most parts as the enemy soldiers seem to be blind and deaf. Metro 2033 Redux was amazing as there was always the real danger of running out of bullets and air to breathe while crawling through the terrifying metro tunnels, but Last Light Redux just doesn't give the same excitement.Don't get me wrong: the game is excellent and I recommend it. Last Light just falls short on some very important charasteristics in my view and doesn't pose enough challenge. Metro 2033 Redux set my expectations high and Last Light did let me down."
76561198094579192,Recommended,287390,31687205,Posted: 11 May,all,Don Corto,The sequel to the first Metro.  It is just like the first game but the story is a bit better and the gameplay is a bit more fun.  Definitely get the two games in a pack and play them back to back.  It is a fun little series and you won't regret playing them. 8/10
76561197980960235,Recommended,287390,31696454,Posted: 11 May,all,Bareblood,Love it
76561198196962528,Recommended,287390,31703177,Posted: 12 May,all,GomuGomuNo,Good But i'm lag. Need A good PC T^T
,Recommended,287390,31782073,Posted: 15 May,all,Rufiyu,"A very good fps game, but i suggest you play first metro 2033 for you to understand the story.Pros+ Lots of weapon and customizations+ Great story+ Russians+ Nazis+ Multiple endings+ Superb visuals+ good sounds+ great atmosphereCon- story can be confusing if you did not play metro 2033.overall 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,31799597,Posted: 16 May,all,On God,Yes this is great for single players. plus the russians are litBuy if you read the books
,Recommended,287390,31776833,Posted: 15 May,all,Holy goat,"Good game overall although there was a few issues I encountered. One of these would be that the boss fights were generally buggy and poorly managed. One of them the boss didn't show up so I had to kill myself to repeat the pre-scene, the bear fight was far too glitchy, had to redo it like 6 times and the rhino I ran out of ammo a few times so had to die purposefully several times. Besides the boss bugs, the gameplay was unique and worth the money."
76561198206564531,Recommended,287390,31737984,Posted: 13 May,all,Bear,This is one of the most story rich games i have ever played it strikes you with the most powerful emotions that you can have but still provides a fun and compelling fps expierence. The smaller elements like bullet managment forces you to look for different paths. this is deffinetly a recommended game.
,Recommended,287390,31721539,Posted: 13 May,all,シンイイ,Have boobs 10/10 recommend
,Recommended,287390,31732706,Posted: 13 May,all,kermit6672,great game! a little short for my taste but i got both games at the same time and it was worth it! the game was so good i just ordered the books
,Recommended,287390,31730184,Posted: 13 May,all,Nomadic_Panic,Great fps. The story was soild along with great cinematic scene embed into the game play. I just might have to play this again. 10 out of 10
,Recommended,287390,31736293,Posted: 13 May,all,HnSm_Jack,"I bought the redux bundle and while I didn't like 2033, this game more than made up for it for me."
,Recommended,287390,31753180,Posted: 14 May,all,Lil Pump,One of the best shooters I have ever played.
,Recommended,287390,31933729,Posted: 24 May,all,flamey,"One of the better single-player FPS games of recent years, with some great stealth sections and easy to challenging difficulty settings available."
,Recommended,287390,30838288,Posted: 30 March,all,nathanbd4,I consider this to be one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. The versitility of being able to play it through as a stealth or action game makes Metro: Last Light a truly phenomonal experience.
,Recommended,287390,32129745,Posted: 2 June,all,buttpiss,"damn, this game is amazing. i'm enjoying it MUCH more than I though I would. I've kinda been a bit salty when it comes to FPSs lately, but this game had me captivated for hours on end.insanely good looking; even for a bleak, colorless wasteland. the detail of decay is incredible.I went ahead and loaded up a more casual version of the game. you have a TON of options on how to play; I stuck with normal difficulty and where I didn't have to scrounge ammo... I'm glad I did, because I still was running out of ammo at the most inopportune times. in the beginning I was like, ""i have more ammo than I need"", but as the game progressed, that changed quite a bit.acting is good, graphics are great and for some reason, and I don't know how they pulled this off, but the mouse/keyboard controls are the BEST I've ever witnessed in a game. they smooth out the x/y movement, but not too much. I felt like I was in the best control for slaying the infected much more than any other game I've played.there's a bit of stealth, which I normally hate, because I suck ball at it, but it was perfect they way they implemented it.truly a masterpiece of a game. get it now. i'm demanding it."
76561198165522518,Recommended,287390,32130314,Posted: 2 June,all,Hopalong,"One of the best story driven shooters i have ever played. The combat system is good, and the story is even better with lots of twists. I found 1 glitch so far and it was just a bug where i was in the floor, then after i realoaded the game it has been fine. despite that i would definately recomend this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,20562076,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,madX,10/10
76561198219043123,Recommended,287390,29733233,Posted: 5 February,all,ChaoticRaptor,"This game......this game is so great. The key parts of a good game are here, story, graphics, replayability, and best of all good characters. The game really takes great turns, but i will say that some parts can be frustrating depending if you're doing stealth or not. i played my first game on survival not knowing it was harder but even then i was able to enjoy the game while not raging 24/7. I highly recommend this game and the game before it. I recommend stealth playthroughs to get good ending."
,Recommended,287390,29634575,Posted: 1 February,all,Genetical,"This game shows the true grit and despair of a post apocalyptic earth, the ever weakening grasp of humanity, trying to survive off what was left while being destroyed by those corrupted by ideology and the mutated monsters from the depth. What is the point of living in such a hell. I really recommend this game and you should read Metro 2033 the book as well as it is even better than the game. Such a story. Such a game."
,Recommended,287390,29640181,Posted: 1 February,all,Spidey,"One of the best, absolutely BEST game in the history of video games, its unbelivabely amazing, beautiful graphics, gameplay, story, and its based off a book! ITS AMAZING, A MUST BUY!!!!"
76561198052323672,Recommended,287390,29610002,Posted: 31 January,all,RadixK1ng,"Great succcesor to the Metro 2033 game. I loved the storytelling, combat, atmosphere and overall the whole experience.+ story+ gameplay+ immersion+ challenging, yet managable+ ""sidequests"" and possibility of different approaches to situations- ending (I don't know, I think it deserved more... not possible to go deeper without spoilers on this one)"
76561198072872199,Recommended,287390,29596573,Posted: 30 January,all,mala,like half life but more scary. but still nice to play.
76561198072185247,Recommended,287390,29644158,Posted: 2 February,all,Fantastics_Little_Helper,"A great ending to a great game series, everything was tied up nicely and the series as a whole just makes me feel for these characters. It's sad to say it's over, but at least it provides closure."
76561198010459191,Recommended,287390,29877163,Posted: 12 February,all,Bonnett,Much much better and interesting than METRO 2033. Loved the story and this time it get's more immersive. This time you fight more against humans than monster.
76561198050537674,Recommended,287390,29937434,Posted: 15 February,all,dbowen,"IMO the best FPS, period.  Deep Silver may be the most talented Dev around."
,Recommended,287390,31033720,Posted: 8 April,all,Papa bless,"Awesome game, awesome story, awesome gameplay and graphics, 9/10"
,Recommended,287390,24382681,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Blazur,"Completed on hard in 12 hours--------------------------------------------Metro: Last Light is a story driven, on-rails tactical shooter set in a post-apocalyptic nuclear wasteland where people have retreated into the metro tunnels of Russia for survival. Stealth gameplay is encouraged but not necessary due to poor AI. Occasional visits to the surface are necessary where the world is inhabited by mutated beasts, and that's where the game really shines. It's genuinely creepy and tense.I got it for $5 during a Steam sale and certainly enjoyed it. Although I wouldn't recommend paying even close to retail for the game. Towards the end I started to get burned out and wanted it to end.Pros------+ Memorable story and narration.+ Surface combat is frightening and tense.+ Plenty of jumpy scare moments.+ Final battle was exciting.+ The guns were fun to use.Cons-------- Combat against other humans was boring and marred with poor AI. There were times I'd snipe somebody, and another person right right next to them wouldn't even notice or go on alert.- Stealth can be completely avoided in favor of raw gunplay.- Game was relatively short and not too difficult.- Not a lot of action, overall.- UI was minimal and clunky."
76561198100001074,Recommended,287390,29154615,Posted: 9 January,all,Pheenix,"Wow, this is a great combo pack. I highly recommend getting this on sale if you are a fan of FPS or horror. Not only is the atmosphere haunting but the sense of deprivation is present in the settings. The makeshift weapons and ominous future earth ties the knot for a great and solid experience festering with tarnished monsters. Story was good but characters could have been more flushed out and there were bugs every so often. No doubt you will sink a lot of hours into this game, whether that be for exploration, achievement hunting, or enjoying every little conversation or action. Great choice for a sale."
,Recommended,287390,29154917,Posted: 9 January,all,F051,I'm in tears.
,Recommended,287390,28940017,Posted: 2 January,all,真「SHiN」,"A direct continuation of Metro 2033 and it has everything that made the first game great: atmosphere, gameplay, story and characters. There are some elements that felt like they came from Half-Life 2 like a long vehicular section, giant insects that won't attack you if you're near a device/element that repels them, etc., but Metro Last Light this these sections way better.I was emotionally drained when I saw the ending that came out of nowhere. One of the best game, and one of the best series I played."
,Recommended,287390,28812148,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mo7amed7amed,My favorite game
,Recommended,287390,28838727,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghova,Such an epic game.This game is EPIC.Buy it play it enjoy it like i did.10/10 and High replay value.Can't say more about it its just epic just buy it just play it.
,Recommended,287390,30990360,Posted: 6 April,all,Col-Cyborgclone,Best sequal to the first one. Awesome story and gamplay didn't change at all between the two wich is awesome. One of the most enjoyable games that I have played so far!
,Recommended,287390,28832951,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,postcog,>quadcore 2.9ghz processors>intel integrated 5500>can still run this game windowed with small resolution changes at 55fps>thatssomegoodshitman
,Recommended,287390,33319085,Posted: 6 July,all,Peripheral Panda,Even better than 2033. The atmoshphere in both of these games are amazing. The surface also looks gorgeous.
,Recommended,287390,33303519,Posted: 6 July,all,MagnumMuhammad™,"Man, one of these games again... games like this one is why I love video games and movies, I don't want to always see some cheap action cash grab movie or play the same COD every year, I want something original, something AMAZING and once again a video game has completly immersed me into it's world of philosphy and story, I like games that make you think about why us as humans do what we do, like argue and kill and all that this game is the best FPS I have ever played and I don't think any game can ever top it. While it may not have made me cry like Valiant Hearts had it sure did make me see the inner message within it. This game is just amazing, flawless, the gameplay is just sooooo good at times it kind of reminds me of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series. I love this game and I definitly recommend this game to anyone who wants something more than a COD or Battlefield, PLAY THIS GAME"
76561198344409633,Recommended,287390,33321526,Posted: 6 July,all,BumStickOlympics,"Bought this in the summer sale, well worth the purchase!"
76561198131952379,Recommended,287390,33340841,Posted: 7 July,all,wolfenstein cs.money,Its a good game no doubt but i get motion sick after playing it for around 20 mins but i would give it a try.
76561198130722376,Recommended,287390,33332745,Posted: 6 July,all,Funny Valentine,10/10
76561198276000375,Recommended,287390,33332208,Posted: 6 July,all,R3493r,"For immersion, switch everything to russian. The story makes alot more sense as being in the Moscow Metro would be Moscow. Good game. Great Story. Solid mechanics after you learn them."
,Recommended,287390,33335275,Posted: 7 July,all,SeekerOD,Fantastic makes me ♥♥♥♥ just thinking about it.
76561198311790751,Recommended,287390,33312652,Posted: 6 July,all,GR_MASTEROFRED,the best game i never see.BUY THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561197991591636,Recommended,287390,33312309,Posted: 6 July,all,RUM-Cajun Rabbit,"Much like Metro 2033, and more of the game that you already love.  Nothing wrong with this game, but nothing overly innovative either.   Slightly more indepth story of your character then last time, and your choices in a few spots will dictate how your ending plays out.game has a little fan service that feels... forced.. not very natural in how it occurs but meh.Same solid gunplay and a couple more guns and options this time but thats about it.Solid sequel worth the purchase.   7/10(FPS)"
76561198256528481,Recommended,287390,33326836,Posted: 6 July,all,abeapple4,I really enjoyed this game I would recommend to any fans of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series
76561198194076858,Recommended,287390,33324279,Posted: 6 July,all,Lord Chanka,"Great game all around, from Narrative down to mechanics"
76561198057405870,Recommended,287390,33354655,Posted: 7 July,all,Convel,Metro: Last Light has an atmosphere that few games have. It is a gorgeous game with a good story.
,Recommended,287390,33315746,Posted: 6 July,all,BallisticCrow,"I haven't played a game with such a good story and writting since HL2 omg, everything was perfect the story pace and events and IF you manage to get the good ending you will be even more pleased with the game..."
76561198131118909,Recommended,287390,33355590,Posted: 7 July,all,V0vang,One of the best games ever.Simple.
,Recommended,287390,33261757,Posted: 4 July,all,Charles,"this game is such a story rich type of game, I havent played the first one at the time of writing this, but damn this game is good, would recommend buying"
,Recommended,287390,32920672,Posted: 28 June,all,Skully,Played on Ranger difficulty. (3 out of 4 difficulty)+The story is good+Graphics are good and optmized.+Stealth works well for when vs humans and can be used for the lot of times it comes up-The few boss fights consisted of running arounding in circles saying please don't hit me.
76561198156616922,Recommended,287390,30240787,Posted: 28 February,all,Arjent3,"A praiseworthy sequel to Metro 2033: Redux by implementing and removing features; adding a sniper, removing interaction with those flying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the most part, and focusing much more on effectively developing the story and game lore all contributed in creating a much improved game with generally similar features and mechanics to the prior. Aside from progression being much better developed, the game also suffers heavily from hardcore mode being broken at times without reasonable ability to progress despite countless tries, ignoring these broken moments hardcore mode is enjoyable due to its challenging nature when it was implemented reasonably into the game, I also felt the bosses were fairly easy but overall a respectable title."
76561198190633370,Recommended,287390,18591980,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,khanghow8756,good
,Recommended,287390,31129033,Posted: 13 April,all,YBAlam,"This Is Not Just A Game, It's A Fine Masterpiece."
76561198071097009,Recommended,287390,31139714,Posted: 14 April,all,Neko Silviu,It's basically Metro 2033 but with custom maps and and a striper that will dance for your bullets.I find it sad that there are no further instalments after this one. Once you finish this game you finish the series and that's kinda sad.
,Recommended,287390,31137133,Posted: 14 April,all,HELLOW,very good for only 5$
76561198119132000,Recommended,287390,30367245,Posted: 6 March,all,silenceisred,Game is great. Book still better. Not by much though.
76561198047780888,Recommended,287390,30357163,Posted: 6 March,all,pacaron,Stunning series
76561198364627272,Recommended,287390,31393171,Posted: 27 April,all,gregwhit2,"Awesome game, even better than the first Metro game I thought :)"
76561198121422819,Recommended,287390,31307394,Posted: 22 April,all,>syn<valon,Good Game!
,Recommended,287390,31343558,Posted: 24 April,all,Prithwiraj.Wayne,"I had never written any gaming reviews before but this had to be done.Firstly I'm not a serious gamer and pretty average in English but I'm writing this down for my own satisfaction.So this is my experience of Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light Redux:Well, as I said I'm not a serious gamer and never played any game for eight hours straight. Until today.When you find yourself glued to a game for eight hours you know you're experiencing something amazing and surreal (The only breaks I took when I felt the need to relax myself from the emotional roller coaster that the games were putting me through). Firstly this is not a fancy game. You won't be able to jump rooftops, ride horses or grapple and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your enemies with swords and fancy Laser guns. The games provide you with a real humanly experience in an unearthly and mysterious environment. The games are about survival. Its about what you will do if you are put into such an environment and trust me you would have done the exact same things which Artyom (the protagonist) did throughout his journey. The games will put you through the exact same emotional trauma which Artyom experienced. You'll be so engrossed while playing that you'll feel the 'need' for survival yourself. I often found myself gaping in awe or cheering in joy literally ninety percent of the time. That's the level of engagement you'll feel while playing Metro and that's where lies the success of the games. Metro will suck you inside. You'll forget everything and keep playing, you'll keep try to find out what happens next.Putting you in an imaginary world full of deadly monsters (and The Dark One) and engaging each and every nerve and the emotional epicenters of a gamer into it throughout the journey? Not so easy. But Metro has achieved that flawlessly. There was not a single moment in the game where I felt bored or felt the things happening in the game are part of some fantasy novel written by Dmitry Glukhovsky. This felt so REAL"
76561198070067421,Recommended,287390,31343157,Posted: 24 April,all,L-JK,Did every good choice presented to me. Made no bad choices. Got the bad ending.10/10
,Recommended,287390,31346735,Posted: 24 April,all,Tantura,"The gameplay itself is pretty sweet, as well as the climatic fight, but the ending itself is pretty lame and boring and very uninteresting."
76561198048115472,Recommended,287390,31349069,Posted: 24 April,all,yiskah196,"I enjoyed the storyline and I could identify with the character.  good graphics.somethings I did  not like:1.  The main protagonist did not have the ""cover"" feature, eg. deus ex where Adam was able to shoot from behind cover.  When people were shooting at Artyom, he was a sitting duck--nowhere to have cover.2.  It was for the most part mono-directional.  The protagonist was led most of time in one direction.  And when he was confronted by a demon or big bad mama bear, it was as if he was in an arena.  In other words it was not an open - type world3.  There were no female soldiers.  Only one ""Anna"" that left Artyom to be caught by the Reich.  All those men died.  Why ? to protect the women?  Why don't the women ans rank and file soldiers fight alongside the men, on all sides:  the order, the Reds and the Reich.  Men , as usual, are put in lower regards and value in relation to women.  Even in a socialist society as Russa."
,Recommended,287390,31243937,Posted: 19 April,all,Damba654,"Truly an amazing game, atmosphere, story, gameplay, simply brilliant!"
76561198014646552,Recommended,287390,31105386,Posted: 12 April,all,Overlord,"great game,very atmospheric,i enjoyed it more than metro 2033,(has a really good secret ending)"
,Recommended,287390,31249201,Posted: 19 April,all,Dubzac,"First person , Story based game, good length.Overall good experince and the charaters are well thought out.Good to see there is some emotion.Not just some same old just shoot'em up.Remeber give bullets , get good, don't kill when ever you can.If you don't get it free, don't get it.Listen and forgive.Trust me it pays off in the end."
76561198055058938,Recommended,287390,31247728,Posted: 19 April,all,KingDavidG,"Great game! Amazing story and endless fun! For all you surival game fanatics, fps junkies and story addicts theres a little bit of everything!"
,Recommended,287390,31301181,Posted: 22 April,all,tnT⍩,spooky
,Recommended,287390,29206261,Posted: 12 January,all,michinomiya,-Good story-Good action-good audio-good stealth-good visuals-10/10
76561198063012017,Recommended,287390,32910924,Posted: 27 June,all,Ashwind,"Like its predecessor Metro 2033, this is an amazing Post-Apocalyptic survival game - definitely the best post-apocalyptic survival game I have played.p/s: If you have not played any Metro game before, try playing a couple of levels/chapter in normal/hardcore and get a sense of the controls before diving into Ranger Hardcore because you wont know which key to press :POne hint I feel that I need to point out is: If you hear a certain commander shout: ""Get to the second platform."" Ignore that idiot XD"
,Recommended,287390,32820036,Posted: 26 June,all,ZickZack,"They really nailed the atmosphere. You'll find yourself on the edge of your seat more than once,Especially those TWO big beautiful creatures with soothing voice and gentle touch.......and want to kill you while you're running around because your weapons are s***ty and you didn't conserve ammo earlier. So you have no choice but to gulp down your tears and use all your MGR."
,Recommended,287390,32857244,Posted: 27 June,all,J-Shi,"I enjoyed playing this metro series, can't wait for the upcoming exodus =D"
,Recommended,287390,32830321,Posted: 26 June,all,Static Box,"Post apocalyptic RPG FPS, corridor levels but with some freedom to explore. Awesome story, visuals and game mechanics."
,Recommended,287390,32737503,Posted: 24 June,all,ankle juice,GOOD game
,Recommended,287390,32796896,Posted: 25 June,all,R3XA,"I bought this game on the summer sale and I couln'd leave it without a review.•StoryThe story is good. It let's you keep playing the game but I expected a stronger plot at the end.•Gunfight/GamplayOne of the best. You can customize your guns the way you like it. There is alot of customization but also very expensive..Gamplay is good. You are not restricted. You can play how ever you want. I recommend you to play in stealth. It is really challenging.•GraphicsSince it got remastered it looks amazing and if you have a NVidia gpu you will be able to turn on few extra nice graphical options.The interieur and the underground metro life could not be better. You will really feel like you belong in the underground life.•Music/sound/voice actingVery bad. The AI's all sound the same IMO. The enemies always use the same lines over and over again.Characters voice acting was good for the atmosphere but I can not say the same thing over the music.One of the worst thing in this game was the music. It did not fit in with the nuclear apocalypse warfare. Take some notes from ""The last of us"".Overall very good game. Grab it while it's om sale. 8.8/10"
76561198135494566,Recommended,287390,26361939,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,✪frankyy2k,One of the best Single Player FPS!
76561198181589421,Recommended,287390,32811389,Posted: 26 June,all,Scout,good storygood gameplay
,Recommended,287390,32828157,Posted: 26 June,all,D|sy,"Great game, nice setting en good graphics. AI of enemy's could be better."
,Recommended,287390,32790731,Posted: 25 June,all,[Br0] bloodshedhero,"Metro is an all around great FPS game. Along with great shoot-outs throughout the game, there is an excellent story, many stealth situations, customizable weapons, and a ton of fun achievements to work towards. Metro reminded me of other enjoyable shooters like Half Life 2."
,Recommended,287390,30009156,Posted: 18 February,all,Slalem,"Thoroughly enjoyed the continuation of the Metro series. This game just ramped up the tone the series set in the first game. Every single aspect of the game improved from 2033 to Last Light.Story was excellent, felt like a perfect start to where 2033 left off. By the start of this game you've grown attached to Artyom and his experiences. Stayed hooked to the story right up to the end.What stood out most was the addition of some more signature ""boss monster fights"". The Librarians in 2033 were all right but you never felt like you stood a chance by taking them on. The addition of the Swamp Prawn Boss, the Rhino and the Bear gave that action packed additions to the story and after you feel this sense of satisfaction.Again, music and ambience was on point, even the vision and the spirits in limbo felt even more unnerving.If you like a story driven experience, pick up the bundle. Absolutely brilliant series."
,Recommended,287390,29997834,Posted: 17 February,all,patzivota,"This game is meant to be playedIs this really a remaster of Last Light? Not really. LL Redux is basically LL plus DLC. Yes there are minimal improvements to the main story mode, but it's pretty much the same. It's easier for some reason, which is what happened to 2033 Redux too. That's not a good thing, btw. I would rec. playing on atleast hardcore for a somewhat challenging experience if you know you way around shooters. Avoid normal at all costs--it is so insanly easy--the game is pretty boring on that mode.Anyways, this is a very good shooter game, however way too linear. The graphics, lighting, and atmosphere are this game's strongest points. The story is pretty good too.Biggest negative: NO FOV SLIDER. Like, seriously? This should be a international law to require FPS's to have a FOV slider. lol. No, but seriously, that is a huge loss. Also graphical settings are bare minimun. Not too great, considering the popularity and strength of this title.Wait for a sale and pick this up for a few dollars."
,Recommended,287390,29976513,Posted: 16 February,all,Krollie,"The only way I can describe this game is to buy it and play it yourself (play the first game first), amazing, exquisite, absolutely lovely."
,Recommended,287390,29281926,Posted: 15 January,all,Malde,"Metro (if you havent read the books or listend to the audiobooks you are missing out on one of the greatest next to lord of the rings in terms of world rich and atmosphere experiences that you can have) 2035 is also out now! Read it!Ill start with the *NEGATIVE*- UI Design on RANGER (no HUD) may lead you to some problems since they for example miss out to tell you how to start the current ""ingame"" cutscene aka. start a motor with SPACE but since its not a common gameplay mechanic you just dont now..- Boss Fights/Hard Linear Leveldesign Build ups to a Fight etc..Keep in mind RANGER mode does not allow you to save as you wish. There are only level design based safepoints. This can lead to annoying Fights since you may have no Filters due to giving it away in a cutscene and now will have to fight with minimum health (one hit and you are done) and will sufficade in a few minutes since you cant reload your filter. In other words: They did not bother to make sure the player has Full Health and at least ONE filter befor such fights.. You may argue: get gud! Which is fair but im sure it wasnt a decision but a QA fail since they mostly all started the tests with full health/Filter!This made for the worst experience in this game!..- Animation: The animation is a 4/5 which is more than good. But one small laugh you get if the outro comes and thedark onesmove out and one of em goes across a stone and the character pops up the collision and than goes down again. LeL.. But this is really nothing to worry about.. Ill take this animation+quantity in the world over any Quantum Break we did motion tracking and produced 2,9 Billion Terabyte of data but cant fit it in the world. Bethesda also is in the same boat but general speaking Metro does a better job.- *POSITIV/ OUTSTANDING* :As people may have written: The World atmosphere (Environment artist did a hell of a job) including people richness, animation data (alot of different ones in the stations) and general overall art (and artstyle) is just amazing! (-´:Storywise its not to close to the books as in: Yes there are some characters who are named the same. Yes some events like burning sickness away in other stations..etc But THIS IS A DIFFERENT MEDIUM and pushes other needs (author of METRO has said the same in an reddit AMA)Generally said i loved it but also had some *spit at monitor* angry moments:Sometimes its a bit to ""call of duty"" hold my hand and Press E (but give no UI feedback if i need to press it more than once..) and feels as it has a bit less ""gameplay time"" then 2033 and more a cinematic will to tell that story.These guys are exactly who we need for a new STALKER! Guessing 2035 will be the last book..TLDR: For me Metro Games belong to the best of the best Games i have ever played.. Alongside with half life, stalker, original farcry1 (cryteks love child and only good ""TRUE"" farcry *TRIGGERED*).IF you love STEALTH GRITTY DARKNESS THIEF A LIKE (But with a silenced military precise nightvision attached metal gun straight out of HELL or the metro) and an incredibly awesome world who makes you think about humans and the planet we live in now.. well ♥♥♥♥ i cant do this game justice! Buy it.."
,Recommended,287390,29330693,Posted: 17 January,all,Cpl. Koala,I dont feel I much have to explain how incredible this game is... it just is
76561198012257293,Recommended,287390,29282795,Posted: 15 January,all,Stargazer,"A good shooter, in it's own niche. In my opinion it is better than Metro 2033. It is longer, more varied and has good graphics."
,Recommended,287390,29543284,Posted: 28 January,all,Hamster,10/10 would play again.Scared me to death though
76561198060162812,Recommended,287390,29078530,Posted: 6 January,all,Garrett,"Just buy it, make sure to play the first game Metro 2033 first.10/10."
,Recommended,287390,29431971,Posted: 22 January,all,John,"Perfect atmosphere and a great sequel! If you are looking for solid gameplay with a nice story get it, you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,287390,29530113,Posted: 27 January,all,Butterball,"I'm only a little bit into it, so far, but:Runs great.Looks great.Fantastic audio, world detail and atmosphere.Great story.Great controls.Decent gunplay.Pretty linear though more open than what I remember of 2033.This is an exceptional, well polished, AAA game, so far, (4hr in.)Update: 10 hours in, still good. A few odd bugs due to very high FPS (150+, animation related). Nothing major. Difficulty scales wildly at times.I feel confident stating that this is by all means a fantastic title."
76561198013579069,Recommended,287390,29492197,Posted: 25 January,all,Czort,"I loved Glukovski's books, i love both games, post-apo rules. 41 hrs to complete 100% of achievements. Decent price when on sale. Very nice quality. If you do not enjoy linear games, title should give you a clue... its linear ;) By all means buy."
,Recommended,287390,29491116,Posted: 25 January,all,ƑƛƘIΞӇƠ,-Intresting and very immersive story.-A remarkable post-apocalyptic world scenary.-Great and touching details in showing the life of people in the metro.-Very scary moments!-Good combat and gameplay.-Very challenging in Ranger difficulty.-Very good price at sale. (Both Metro games for like 5.99$)
76561198199962057,Recommended,287390,29492829,Posted: 25 January,all,Tuytus,Wooooooooooooooooaaawww
76561198005347124,Recommended,287390,29512486,Posted: 26 January,all,Baby Seal Hunter,"This is quite a good game.  Lacks a bit of the atmosphere from the first, and occasionally feels a little on the rails. Regardless, in a world filled with CODS, and Battlefields, and Titans, this is a great FPS that stands above,  with tight gameplay and story."
,Recommended,287390,29397039,Posted: 21 January,all,Hate Me,I'm RANGER
76561198268011397,Recommended,287390,29368447,Posted: 19 January,all,:thinking:,"I see gas mask, I buy10/10"
,Recommended,287390,27387349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sbroburg,One of the best shooter/horror games i have ever seen and played. I Can't wait for the next game in a year or so if they ever make it *fingers crossed*
76561198018365020,Recommended,287390,29371909,Posted: 20 January,all,الله,8/10 good but not as good as metro 2033 redux
,Recommended,287390,29421536,Posted: 22 January,all,Astolfo,The best russian simulator i've played 2.0
,Recommended,287390,29409554,Posted: 21 January,all,Voodoo Dragon,"A good second entry to the Metro series. The post-apocalyptic setting is well-designed and eerie, and some of the game mechanics work a bit better than the previous game. It's not perfect though. Some scenes feel a bit repetitive, and I was quite disappointed with how the character development of especially Anna progressed throughout the game. There are a few holes in the story. Overall though, it is an enjoyable game to play, even if just for the atmosphere."
,Recommended,287390,32959461,Posted: 28 June,all,Vobert,Nice story and actually a well-written as well. Good feeling with che controls and nice distopya setting. Also giving a pretty good challenge level on higher difficulty.
,Recommended,287390,32933656,Posted: 28 June,all,Elladar,"Fun game, if you played previous one, you will certainly enjoy this one. Has a great feel to it when you play on survivor mode."
,Recommended,287390,32979872,Posted: 29 June,all,₪ AKQJ10,Go one!
,Recommended,287390,32485347,Posted: 16 June,all,NutellaArmor,"Imagine this: Fallout is boasting how great of an post apocalypse game it is and then Metro comes in and smashes a Vodka bottle over its head and stands triumphantly with a tricked out AK-74--the Metro series puts Fallout to absolute shame.Before anything else:This game has a test range, arena, and museum modes! Try out weapons and attachments against troops, targets, or dummies at 10, 20, or 30 meters, pit monsters verses monsters or humans and join a side and fight in little skirmishes. There's also a cassette player on the table with a couple songs you can cycle through and shoot up targets while listening to them. Never expected this from a FPS survival horror.There are also single missions you can play as different characters, some which are your enemies! One mission is acutally a mission from the main story replayed from the eyes of another person.Fantastic, involving storyline with memorable characters, this is something you don't usually get in a FPS. The pacing and how everything unfolds is very well done.The atmosphere is very dark and gritty, crazy attention to detail, fantastic set dressing, and amazing graphics and animations thanks to the redux. Both 2033 and Last Light have compelling linear story-lines. Playing stealthily is a very satisfying option and in my opinion the best way to play since you experience things you otherwise wouldn't have going in guns blazing. Moral points can be earned as well, moral points dictate which ending you'll get. Basically make ethical choices and you'll be good to go. Knock enemies out instead of killing them--press ""E"" instead of ""V."" The screen will flash blue and you'll hear a certain sound when you earn a positive point.This a survival FPS so there's no eating food or drinking water to stay alive, instead it's saving ammo and gas mask filters, and sneaking around enemies. Even though this review is on Last Light it can also be applied a far amount to 2033.The attention to detail is something which has to be mentioned, as you sneak around, enemy conversations can be heard which can actually help you in the missions. In one instance there was a small guard team near a large airlock in a section of the metro tunnel talking about why a patrol was in the other section, if I thought about it and actually given a damn I would have realized hat patrol was to come back, find the guard I had killed and then they would go in complete search and full auto mode. It didn't go smoothly, my character is hiding, patrol is moving up, 5 second away from discovering the bodies, try to take them out, melee one of them right when the two other find the dead guards, turn around and ka-boom.At another time I had my sights on two enemies when they start talking, no spoilers but after I hear one of them through I actually spared him.Looting--even this has depth. You can simply pick up ammo but you can also pick up ammo from guns laying around.Regardless of where you look they'll always be something worthwhile to observe. Metro tunnels with rubble, fog, flickering lights, dark and spooky trains all make the player think what was here before. People walked here once, used these machines, and took refuge during the war.As an FPS it needs weapons to handle and act well and they do. You have a fair amount of weapons and a handful of attachments. RPKs with drum magazines, an anti-material rifle, the classic AK-74, throwing knives and more.Control are top notice and the default keyboard layout is very sensible. I started off the game on Ranger difficultly which turns off 90-95% HUD and I didn't have a problem figuring out what does what--it's all where it should be.The graphics are amazing. Lighting is great and 4A really put effort into it and it really paid off, in a game with environments this dark realistic lighting matters a lot. Any modern graphics card can run it on very high settings and still have at least 50-60% headroom.But keep in mind tessellation and Physx will drag it down a lot. For tessellation I have it set on Normal for the in-game setting and also have it locked at x8 in Radoen settings. Physx is tricky, majority of the time it won't make a huge impact but on one mission with a ton of fire every CPU core on an i5 was almost maxed out and lead to FPS drops sometimes. Large firefights with debris and explosions might effect performance as well. Nvidia actually made a great guide for the games settings:http://www.geforce.co.uk/whats-new/articles/metro-last-light-graphics-breakdown-and-performance-guide#last-light-qualityOne thing I really don't like is the save system. It's all automatic and there's no way to make manual saves and the strangest thing of all is: let's say you're in the middle of the storyline and you decide to go play one of the single missions or the test range--your autosave will be overwritten. You'll proceed up to that storyline mission but any checkpoint in the mission will be lost and you'll have to restart. There are no seperate saves. Another strange thing is difficulty levels are global. If I start a single mission on Ranger Hardcore it'll carry over to the storyline missions which makes no sense. I'd recommend playing the single missions and test range after completing the storyline.Last Light is a continuation of 2033's story and it'll make more sense if you play that first. I strongly recommend you buy the bundle, when it's on sale for $7 it's an absolute steal."
11111251156566666,Recommended,287390,32953844,Posted: 28 June,all,zTeY,Quality game
,Recommended,287390,32989473,Posted: 29 June,all,Cat,Mother of russian♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287390,32994418,Posted: 29 June,all,DVT,Good game
76561198087473279,Recommended,287390,28719654,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BALLIN,"Intriging storyline, well polisched and not like evry other post accop game"
,Recommended,287390,29078495,Posted: 6 January,all,Comrade Волк,This was such a beutiful series.
76561198113639335,Recommended,287390,30997463,Posted: 7 April,all,Morty c138A,"10/10!Best first person singleplayer game ever!Is so much roller coaster of emotions in the game, alot of horrors in moscow tunnels and claustrophobic experienced! I love this game.. I'm so paranoid about sa ammos and health packs."
,Recommended,287390,21344282,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr Zoidcrab,The only game that punishes you with repeated suffocation from checkpoint for exploring too long.
,Not Recommended,287390,17629430,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BADWOLF,wtf when i start the game objets and ppl are invible i use windows 8 and there no fix for  it this better be fixed soon
,Recommended,287390,29729890,Posted: 5 February,all,Pimp,Great game
76561198056446532,Recommended,287390,30082276,Posted: 21 February,all,Andrew.ROOT,"Awesome storyline, nice and sinister ambient, good graphics"
76561198128032088,Recommended,287390,30088744,Posted: 21 February,all,Patrick Bateman,The best survival horror game. Finished it twice and still enjoying. Also those DLCs are also very good to play :)
,Recommended,287390,29896264,Posted: 13 February,all,✪ Weeman™,"Is a bit scery, but i liek. Is russian so good"
,Recommended,287390,29894021,Posted: 13 February,all,Knob,An awesome game with great gunplay. Make sure that you act like a good boy or else you'll get a fist up the bum.8/10
76561198159553614,Recommended,287390,29893290,Posted: 12 February,all,soweb1,IT GOOD
76561198093363183,Recommended,287390,29882020,Posted: 12 February,all,Smackm0nk3y,"Both of the Metro games are works of art imo.  They really nailed the atmosphere and environment.  The story, game mechanics (including stealth), etc are all very well done.  I always found it interesting at all the different things you can come upon in the game, like watching a stage show ( or 4-5 for that matter), watching some guy entertain kids with shadows, strippers (including lap dances), etc, etc.  The main difference between the games is the first one you fight mainly mutants and the second one you fight mainly people.Play these games.  They are worth full price.10/10"
,Recommended,287390,29696801,Posted: 4 February,all,N1kk0,Bloody Perfect!
,Recommended,287390,29656503,Posted: 2 February,all,ΛΑΜΙΩΤΗΣ,I love this game! So awsome story and gameplay.
,Recommended,287390,29948172,Posted: 15 February,all,LionThrewpy,"Everything is absolutely perfect about this game other than stealth and the ""bad"" ending!"
,Recommended,287390,29578110,Posted: 29 January,all,KZ Tung,very nice
76561198336022246,Recommended,287390,30037922,Posted: 19 February,all,xXx_MLG_Faze_Putin_xXx,One of the best games i ever played
76561198291714453,Recommended,287390,31029896,Posted: 8 April,all,Geralt of Rivia,"Keeps crashing whenever I try to start playing again during the loading screen, the intro is too insanely slow for me to want to bother starting over. I recommend it because what I did get to play was interesting."
76561198176398599,Recommended,287390,31053973,Posted: 9 April,all,Conus magus,"Simple there is a reason why this has ""Overwhelmingly postive"" reviews.Its better than Fallout 4 :)"
76561197989049513,Recommended,287390,29276729,Posted: 15 January,all,Paparho,"I bought this in a bundle with Metro Redux and thought it was just some add-on. It isn't. It is a full game. Liked this even better then the first game that got a bit stale at moments. Last Light has more diversity in settings, more people to interact with (I think). And (spoiler alert) a very good end boss fight and an excellent massive end fight.Graphics are beatifull with much eye for detail.For the story, play the original game first. This game picks up exactly where first one ended and the events there lead your actions here."
,Recommended,287390,31098299,Posted: 12 April,all,percree,"after playing some time of this game:good graphicsnice atmospheric gameplaygood map developmentgood storybad thingssome missions are just too boringcoming from metro 2033 redux with the dark ones story and comparing it with last light redux is way worst than 2033some control are very confusing, for example sometimes i was firing (using my gun bullets and not my money bullets) and  when i figured out i was already using my money bullets, (maybe you are on a fight and you dont realize that you are wasting)its a really good game, if you are coming from metro 2033 it feels good for the next part of the story.8/10"
,Recommended,287390,30779902,Posted: 27 March,all,Brian_Williams,"This game.. This. ♥♥♥♥ing. Game. I honestly have no words for this game. Things have already been said. This game is amazing and I cannot wait for another one.Game stutters after about a half an hour of play on highest settings, nothing running in background, way above the Recommended Reqs.AMD 8320 Eight Core CPU 3.50 GHzMSI GTX 970 4GB12GB of RAMSomethings ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e y  and it ain't adding up."
,Recommended,287390,31323396,Posted: 23 April,all,D3D4,The proper way to redux a game.
76561198143306233,Recommended,287390,31333280,Posted: 23 April,all,Dan-the-man!!!!!!,"The game is awesome, getting the good ending is impossilbe because you arent allowed to get it if you go to the strip club. lol so i guess i will always have a bad ending, but a good time."
76561198239517444,Recommended,287390,31335734,Posted: 24 April,all,Akira,HARD to get GE!
,Recommended,287390,29357381,Posted: 19 January,all,RegrettedStar,Just buy it.
76561198028096440,Recommended,287390,16356387,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Timi,"Great game, good graphics, good story, good sounds.8/10"
76561198053458166,Recommended,287390,29368899,Posted: 19 January,all,jawibier,A definite improvement over the original in graphics.
76561198075160762,Recommended,287390,28477337,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,XXXTENTACION,"This game easily wins the ""Cheeki Breeki"" award."
76561198004489173,Recommended,287390,29386782,Posted: 20 January,all,duff_man.online,Some serious flaws in HUDless mode. You need to tap a specific key to not die in several places and with no HUD.. you have no idea what that key is.
,Recommended,287390,29212738,Posted: 12 January,all,Erik Fehrenic,"Like it´s predecessor, atmosphere is a huge plus.Storywise, I liked 2033 way more. You walked through a dark Tunnel, not knowing what awaited you at the next Station or even after the next 20 metres. You snuck and shot your way through bandits, fascists and kommunists, seemingly slowly losing your mind on the way...Here it is different: You´re hunting a more-or-less-magical shapeshifting mutant child who could save humanity...I´ve not even started: On the way you get to shake hands with all the big leaders, spy on them and force them to admit their sins with help of your new friend, mutant-monkey-wizard-child.In the first game you were a sleek boy who tries to find a way to save his small community at the edge of civilisation from a dark, mind-bending threat. You felt small and lost, not up to the task. In Contrast, this ends with waves of enemies mindlessly jogging into your fiery minigunfire.But seriously, why a minigun?? They´ve got an ammunition shortage, not a DSHKM-shortage - a DSHKM would eat far less ammunition and would be far more reliable than a homemade scrap minigun...Still, these are only the bad parts. It can still boast most of the good things of it´s predecessor, definitely try 2033 before (hey, it´s the first part, you should play it in chronological order), if you´re as fascinated by the world as me, you should give this one a shot too.And hoooooo, a thing they didn´t have in the first game (only not-redux, in 2033 redux they can be found too) are Spiders. And God, they´re terrifying. In a good way. Your lamp is your Weapon, weird noises start to freak you out, you panic and get entangled in cobwebs - these passages are the best in being the worst.At some Point you catch yourself asking if you really want to enter the mostly optional maintenance Rooms or if you just want to run down the tunnel as fast as you can - If a game achieves this, it has earned a closer look."
,Recommended,287390,29272267,Posted: 15 January,all,Nate Trigger,"Fun but very linear, good story though also only good for 2 playthroughs 1 survival + normal or hardcore and 2nd would be Survival + Ranger modeFinished the game with 2 weapons only seems like you could also finish the game with a pistol and throwing knife too.7/10"
78948919845641231,Recommended,287390,29265732,Posted: 14 January,all,Tserra,"If you want a good second half of a story with a mediocre ending and a forced-in sex scene, then this is the game for you!"
76561198202823076,Recommended,287390,32236612,Posted: 7 June,all,jonathanyng,"great game, very good fps with nice story. get it when its on sale, play the 2033 first because this is the sequel."
,Recommended,287390,32226948,Posted: 6 June,all,Zockerx96,"A very good game, play it for the atmosphere. In my opinion not as good as the first game."
,Recommended,287390,32237596,Posted: 7 June,all,epx,"Many people prefer this one over the original, but I actually enjoyed the original more. Redux version, that is.It was still a great game, but I really didn't enjoy those boss fight sequences."
,Recommended,287390,32233064,Posted: 6 June,all,Celebrimbor,Nice
76561198328140542,Recommended,287390,32230240,Posted: 6 June,all,Nikaanz,"AMAZING!!!!! thats all that can be said. fantastic gameplay, and a flawless story that draws you into the metro and doesnt let you go. soooooo going to be replaying this and metro:2033 over and over again. cant recomend it enough!!!! must buy!"
,Recommended,287390,29343720,Posted: 18 January,all,Stefan,10/10
76561198380868469,Recommended,287390,32370914,Posted: 12 June,all,Cr1suX,i like this game
,Recommended,287390,32377893,Posted: 12 June,all,ActivisT.,MASTERPIECE!
,Recommended,287390,32380094,Posted: 12 June,all,BittererCarp,"New to the Metro series; Last Light became the first game I played thanks due to the Steam Sale.Short and sweet:  Good storyline with awesome gamplay that can range anywhere from stealth to all-out tank mode.  With the harder settings, it becomes impertive to learn how to resource manage effectively as well as improving your aim.I definitely would recommend this game to anyone a fan of FPS, sci-fi/horror, or a combo of both."
,Recommended,287390,32386407,Posted: 13 June,all,wildyam2,"I remember playing this game on the ps3... It's one of the best games I've ever played. If you want the full experience, get a card that can run this game on ultr settings, because it looks breathtaking."
,Recommended,287390,32402787,Posted: 13 June,all,StanYz,"Everything about this game is awesome.Its thrilling, mesmerizing and exciting.It pulls you into a post apocalyptic russia and lets you embark on an amazing adventure, or nightmare if you aren't prepared.10/10"
76561198008428040,Recommended,287390,32405661,Posted: 14 June,all,TriniMac,Great until I got upto needing the filters. Even when I change them they seem to have a minute of air or so each.
76561197983784591,Recommended,287390,32403030,Posted: 13 June,all,DirtyStiv,Never get bored played it so many times :)
76561198037325119,Recommended,287390,32408415,Posted: 14 June,all,Xeanos,"Alright, I won't take too long on listing pros/cons.+Visually a great game+Control scheme is pretty tight and can easily go to muscle memory+Rather intense combat+Engaging story-definitely has a learning curve-minor instability with geometry and physics-not an amazingly long game-difficulty can fluctuate dramaticallyI'll be honest, I've been playing these games for a good while so it may not be surprising that I have a little Bias.The whole mechanic with the safes may allow players to snowball out of control, I reached the theater with around 500 military grade rounds, roughly full ammo stocks and my guns from D-6.I do highly recommend this and Metro 2033, as well as keeping an eye out for Metro Exodus when it launches. Overall though, the game isn't quite as linear as you may think, different playthroughs can be drastically different than previous ones. Also you can block a doorway with nazi corpses, need I say more?"
,Recommended,287390,32419384,Posted: 14 June,all,mongoloid,10/10 pvssy magnet
,Recommended,287390,32411679,Posted: 14 June,all,Береги бачок,Commie extermination simulator! Rly great!
,Recommended,287390,32405016,Posted: 14 June,all,Gucci with them snakes on it,"I got this on a sale for 5 dollars. F-I-V-E ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS. If that's not a steal, a theif, a mother♥♥♥♥in crime, then iam the ♥♥♥♥ing pope."
76561198223808372,Recommended,287390,32689351,Posted: 23 June,all,rocksempu,"Ótima Franquia baseada no romance do escritor Russo Dmitriy Glukhovskiy, Metro 2033 e Last Light te coloca em um ambiente pós apocalíptico colocando você como um dos sobrevivente as devastações sofridas pela energia nuclear.Pontos Fortes- Ambientação- Quantidade de Armas- Trilha sonora- Dublagem e diálogos- JogabilidadePontos Negativos- Gráficos poderiam ser melhores- Inimigos repetidos"
,Recommended,287390,32656423,Posted: 22 June,all,UltimationRogue,"This game is the most breathtaking single-player story-driven FPS I have ever played in all of my life. Every time I play it, every time I watch gameplay from it, every time Ihear the name Metro, I get chills that run up my arms.This game throws you headfirst into the recovering wasteland of Russia, where there is still a political struggle for power in the Metro tunnels beneath the landscape. The Rangers have recently gained a valuable asset to use against the Nazis and the Reds, and everyone wants a piece of it. I'd rather you find out the rest of the beautifully-crafted story on your own, so I'll get into how the game works and how it runs.First, it's extremely important to note that this is the sequel to Metro 2033. You shouldn't play one without the other. I made this review on Last Light mainly because it's my favorite of the two games (until Metro: Exodus hopefully!) With that being said, if you just bought Last Light, I highly suggest you get 2033 and play that through first. It's very important to the storyline!Now we can get onto what makes this game so great. Metro: Last Light, like 2033, puts you in the place of Artyom, a Ranger who has some sort of strange connection to the Dark Ones, the main antagonists from 2033. I won't reveal anything past that. Artyom fights through the Metro several times to kill something, explore something, save something, etc. etc. I'm sorry that I'm not revealing anything more, I just really want you to experience it firsthand. You are greeted with a very immersive interface, a wide variety of customizable weapons, and some useful gadgets that you don't always see in games like this.Artyom comes out of the box with a watch, a map, a lighter shaped like a bullet, a knife, a compass, a flashlight, a charger, a medkit or two, and your trusty gasmask. The struggle for filters in this game isn't nearly as bad as it was in 2033, but radiation is still present, so your gasmask will come in handy constantly. Occasionally, you'll be blocked by thick webs, or at least slowed down by a few in your path. The lighter can burn these cobwebs, freeing yourself in the process, or it can be used to ward off the spiderbugs, which think the sun is a deadly laser. The map itself isn't actually used, but there is a compass built into it and a piece of paper listing your objectives. To be honest, you won't be using this much. Your flashlight is great for times when you need a large gun out *and* a wide beam of light, but it needs charged at certain points in time. Luckily, this won't hinder gameplay at all, as it gets charged using your hand-powered charger. The hand-powered charger also helps unlock areas by providing power. Gasmask filters are limited in the game, but it's fairly easy to find them and stock up, and each filter lasts 5 minutes. You usually aren't in irradiated areas for more than 10, so you'll be alright. If you lose track of time, your watch will beep and remind you when to change filters. The beeping usually starts a minute before it runs out, so I usually wait until there are 15-20 seconds left on the filter in order to change it, as not to waste anything. In Ranger modes and Hardcore modes (correct me if I'm wrong), the watch does not tell you how much time is left on your filter, but it is a functioning watch, so when you change filters, check the time. Check your watch every once in a while and make sure you aren't running low. I shouldn't have to tell you what your knife and your medkit do.Although this isn't a frightening game itself, you'll constantly find yourself worried, heart beating fast, as you try not to break stealth on lots of missions. It doesn't help that a lot of animated sequences look like a death animation, even though in reality it's just a plot point. Almost any stealth mission can be completed loud, but it is much more difficult in my personal opinion, and it wastes valuable resources that you could be using for the bosses that appear in Last Light. Oh, and just a heads-up: Last Light has a lot more bosses than 2033.Also, there is always two ways to complete a Metro game. There is a good ending and a bad ending. Bad endings happen when you've killed lots of enemies when you didn't need to, or do something selfish rather than selfless. Good endings happen when you choose to knock out most of your enemies from behind, or save Rangers from certain death, or even something as simple as pressing F on an instrument in some town or giving a bullet or two (the currency, not your ammunition) to a beggar. I suggest playing the game through and experimenting with what gives you ""karma"", and then playing it through again with the other ending. I sort of ruined my experience by reading a guide right away, giving me the good ending in both games. I have to tell you, it was sort of a pain getting the good ending. But I liked it.Last thing. Last Light Redux comes with every DLC available. Once you play through the game, go to the New Missions tab (it should be under Missions, and then you can press Q to see New Missions) and play through the DLC missions. The Spider Lair was my favorite DLC by far."
,Recommended,287390,32673169,Posted: 23 June,all,wagaloo,"I've played both Metro games about 6 times over on the Xbox and PC on the hardest diffuculty each time, yes, it was hard, but I enjoyed every damn bit each mission on both games. The atmosphere is amazing, the level design gives  you great freedom, while also being a  linear game.  Highly recommend buying both redux versions of the games. You will have an amazing time."
,Recommended,287390,11973151,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,[GND] Jester,"One of the best shooters of all time, so much attention to detail in the level design and atmosphere.  Take your time and explore.  Storytelling is flawed but still powerful and uniquely effective for this medium.  The original Last Light has better tessellation but it's gone now.  Not much difference otherwise but this is a far better value as you get all the DLC with it."
,Recommended,287390,13628593,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,XxI0NICxX,"As a long time Metro fan, having read the books aswell, I can say this is definately worth the money. Although not much has changed from the original Last Light I would still personaly buy the redux because the few features that they have added definately boost gameplay.That being said they storly line is very well thought out and so are the scenes. There are many side areas that often provide rewards and supporting details to the story line.This game looks exeptional on lower end PC's aswell as high-end ones making this a worthwile game even if your PC is not top of the line."
76561197963624644,Recommended,287390,31075322,Posted: 11 April,all,♛,yeah
76561198097236593,Recommended,287390,31111418,Posted: 13 April,all,abdullp6,"One of those few First person shooter games with a heart. It's less about blasting your enemies, though there's tons of that, and more about the story. It has a great atmosphere, making you feel just claustrophobic enough but never becoming overbeaaring. There are generous ""overworld"" areas as well, so there's enough variety.The story itself, of both the 2033 and Last light games, is pretty good. Even worth a second playthrough. pick them up on the occasional sale. I'm not a fan of FPS games and I still like this series."
,Recommended,287390,16009058,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ak47guy_,11/10
,Recommended,287390,25938882,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PaladiN,"Playing last light just as I finish 2033, all I can say is I check every room in my house 4 times before going to bed."
,Recommended,287390,30138212,Posted: 24 February,all,Merocon,"Great graphics, great gameplay, great story, great level design. Great game."
76561198097887522,Recommended,287390,30149669,Posted: 24 February,all,Mac Tonight,''C'est la Vie!''10/10 great game!
,Recommended,287390,30164567,Posted: 25 February,all,ASSARTOSE,"I't a shame thath 4a didn't have proper financing on this one.-The animation of cunscenes and npc's is pretty bad,-Game is poorly tested(glitches, freezes, crashes)-Everything(exept long times when npc's talk) is a little bit rushedBut god! It has great gameplay and atmosphere!Chaniging and cleanin gasmask/changing filters/choosing ammo type(money literally kills people here) makes you feel like you're in game.And the last battle is pretty much epic(Yeah it's pretty short and we've seen many battles like this, but somehow this one felt different.)And also I've seen 3(three(!)) ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, get drunk and destroyed the bar, killed few nazis and ton of giant shrimps. What more human being can wish for?"
,Recommended,287390,30194195,Posted: 26 February,all,Putt Putt,"Every time you buy a gun from the stores, you find an exact copy of it on the floor 5 minutes later.10/10 would buy duplicates again."
76561198150907444,Recommended,287390,30215191,Posted: 27 February,all,my grill is holding me hostage,bulletsgrab themall of them
76561198389679286,Recommended,287390,32629545,Posted: 21 June,all,♕V2FinestPro♕| pvpro.com,what a good game beatiful graphics beatiful story but the only thing wich is not good is that the story is short...so i hope you will make the 2nd part of the Last Light Redux where we could play with his son maybe ....
,Recommended,287390,32577500,Posted: 19 June,all,rjas,best fps game i experienced.. both metro 2033 and last night
76561198063422669,Recommended,287390,32576417,Posted: 19 June,all,Seljumnik,Excellent game!
76561198096127311,Recommended,287390,32582545,Posted: 19 June,all,Fresh Cakes,"You know that you are playing too much Metro when you start pronouncing ""Theater"" with a russian accent and you start calling people ""Subhumans"" because that is what your Führer demanded of you to do."
76561198030335349,Recommended,287390,32582696,Posted: 19 June,all,L.crtr,"Great Story, Game is also very well executed!"
76561198148140258,Recommended,287390,32583842,Posted: 19 June,all,IAmAGroceryBag,"The second best game I have ever played, right beyond metro: 2033"
,Recommended,287390,32567030,Posted: 19 June,all,AveryKindGuy™,I cannot say enough good things about this game.FENOMENAL!
,Not Recommended,287390,32405683,Posted: 14 June,all,XIaine,Sooo boring.
,Recommended,287390,32783632,Posted: 25 June,all,PanthaeREKT #hiatus,"good graphics, really nice story, looting system is also good, although i regret having the bad ending"
,Recommended,287390,32805035,Posted: 26 June,all,L3th4l  [$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$],11/10 This game is lit as ♥♥♥♥.the spider webs are*
76561198109892447,Recommended,287390,32702331,Posted: 23 June,all,LostInTranslation,Almost 4 hours in and had to put it down. Only for the fear it will end too soon. The gameplay and evironment is addictive. It feels like a game one could sit and power right through. I preferred to take the relaxed approach and enjoy it one encounter at a time.
76561198108370726,Recommended,287390,32701346,Posted: 23 June,all,Passionfruit Koala,"This game has to be one of the best PC FPSs I have played.I picked this game up when i first built a PC, and was not disapointed. The graphics, realism, immersion, story (especially the ending) is well thought out.Definitely pick up next sale."
,Recommended,287390,32692629,Posted: 23 June,all,Eyy Dubzᴺᴳᵁ,No cobwebs were harmed in this music video.Actual Review:it's gud but getting the gud ending is hard as F  U  C  Kbtw my time is low cuz i played cracked version
76561198084164264,Recommended,287390,32837361,Posted: 26 June,all,KgbMember™,one of the best story lines in a game
,Recommended,287390,32898381,Posted: 27 June,all,#Johana,Toad To Russia 2050
76561198077607524,Not Recommended,287390,32629522,Posted: 21 June,all,MangiaCadaveri,"Game randomly crashes and i could't even finish it. Tried many video and game options ( a.p.) and checked files, but nothing worked out.I can bear bugs or glitches but not this and belive me or not this is the very first time i play a game i can't finish becouse of crash issues.Thx for stealing my money (at least was on sale..) won't happen again, i never buy your products in the future."
,Recommended,287390,33012970,Posted: 29 June,all,gary,very solid game
,Recommended,287390,33010610,Posted: 29 June,all,▲TLANTIS,"It's very nice game, make your heart beats so fast"
,Recommended,287390,33349949,Posted: 7 July,all,Starco,"Learned my lesson from Metro 2033 in geting the bad ending. Tried to let everyone live, gave people money if needed, did everything that i thought was good, still got the bad ending because i didn't strum 20 guitars and gave a stripper money for a lap dance. Amazing."
76561198110690981,Recommended,287390,33385511,Posted: 8 July,all,applejackcats,"Incredibly unnecessary sex scene and romance, that is pretty much the only issue with this game. (Also for a game that is all about immersion it sure does take liberties to make the romantic interest ""sexy"") Aside from the game is perfect"
,Recommended,287390,33390346,Posted: 8 July,all,Snipars,"Great game. Really good gunplay, interesting story, and great atmosphere. Definitely worth $20.P.S It has vodka and AKs."
,Recommended,287390,31245465,Posted: 19 April,all,L O K I,"Amazing game, one of my favourites . If you liked it go and read the book it's as good as the game."
,Recommended,287390,33438737,Posted: 10 July,all, Just Someone ,Loved the game plus got a good ending at the end :)
,Recommended,287390,33396457,Posted: 9 July,all,✪WacBan Prime,IN SOVIET METRO GAME PLAYS YOU
,Recommended,287390,33376198,Posted: 8 July,all,^♥^,"Hello an Welcome to my review of the METRO LAST LIGHT REDUX-----Game's STORY------First of all your name is Artyom and you are a ranger of D6. Years ago a thing happen andthe dark ones be alive and when you'r a kid you will sent the soldier for fight with them when you'r gone you left your mother behind you couldn't see her again. Then you swear for one thing swear for kill the dark one's one by one but story wont happen like that... You were watching the missiles when they'r faling to dark one's heads. However one little man survive from it and he was hiding from you! And your people...Until you'r friend KHAN finds him. After that you and ANNA sent by a mission to kill a dark one.(When you'r in there you learn there is a tratior in ypu'r base) You were really close to kill a last dark one but something happen and you caught by a NAZIS (reich). When you cauhgt you got met with friend his name is PAVELand you start escape with him. When uyou came PAVEL's base (red's). He poisoned you and capture you. However the Commandant GENERAL of the red's son relase you and after that you came to your base. Than traitor finds you and capture the ANNA. Same time they couldn't capture you because you have a wall up on you :D. Soon you and ANNA can escape but both of you damaged so hard. When you healed you left you'r love ANNA behind and go with KHAN for find the last dark one for kill (But KHAN always thinks he can save us the humans). But you were so late red's captured the dark one and he were in train right now. Like a flash you catch up the train with a little bit help of a motor :D. You get back the dark one but you can't kill him. Beacuse when you'r a litle like him you saved by a grown up dark one and this time u gain a gift communicate with dark without touches. When you touch the little one he feels theese things and you remember and you were left the world for see you'r mama's face and hears her voice dark one feels it when you touch him and let you see you'r mom and hear one and a last time. Because of that you gain a connection withn him and get him for left the train which crashes and runaway for fix the world. When you are running you kill TRAITOR and also PAVEL (if you want you can kocdown only). After theese things you came you'r Commander and KHAN's base. And you learn there is more Darks left from the explodes. But if you want to relase them you need a one more fight last one. To open the locked door first you need to eliminate all of the red wariors. However u beaten by them and your commander says ''NOW ARTYOM'' and you press one button and blow the hole D6 up. Now you, you'r com. and KHAN is dead but all of the enimies also. You die for your love ANNA and your people and also for DARK ONE's.-----Evaluation------ most  10-Story 10/10-Graphics 10/10-Shooting/Weapon 8/10-Place 8/10It should be bought on SALE's"
,Recommended,287390,33397883,Posted: 9 July,all,Niceguy1331,"Deep story, interesting setting, cool gameplay mechanics.Definetly buy it."
,Recommended,287390,33425394,Posted: 10 July,all,Wrecker,i have msi ge 72 2qf and i have  alotof glitches and fps drops in this game dude i am serious i have gtx 970m but in the lowest video settings still i have alotof fps drop please fix this ♥♥♥♥ing optimization eror !!!!
12123123132131313,Recommended,287390,33430344,Posted: 10 July,all,Tim,"It doesn't feel repetative, and it's hardly scripted. Random events and enemies, as well as a developed ""life cycle"" for NPCs, makes the world feel alive and dangerous. ;DGeneral Impression"
76561198179814149,Recommended,287390,33418454,Posted: 9 July,all,DoughBoyz,good game
76561198295267656,Recommended,287390,33635368,Posted: 18 July,all,kazumashirou,Can't wait for the third game.Visually immersive and powerful.
76561198166017706,Recommended,287390,33501352,Posted: 13 July,all,Fire Crown,"Great game, and sequel to 2033. It has a great story that you don't want to leave."
76561198181764126,Recommended,287390,33509036,Posted: 13 July,all,Jac,"A good horror/stealth FPS game with some nice atmospehric locations and good visuals for a 3 year old game. I got the game in the Steam Summer sale for a couple of quid, in anticipation of Metro : Exodus. The game is a bit of a corridor shooter which makes sense in that a lot of the game is focused on the Metro tunnels and stations. There are some outdoor spaces but you don't really get to explore - hopefully Exodus will be a bit more open.Performance was good for me on a 970 and a 3770K."
,Recommended,287390,33601616,Posted: 16 July,all,False Alarm ☭,Nice Game Nice Story Looking forward for Metro Exodus
,Recommended,287390,33624633,Posted: 18 July,all,Jayro,"Great game. Having played both Stalker(Where you need to be really stealthy to the point where it gets out of hand) and RAGE(Where you literally shoot your way through everything and anything, viciously killing down to the last living being), this game has covered both ends. You wanna sneak and silently take out all enemies without even being noticed? You got it. Want a 12 gauge gatling gun? You got it too! Also, the background music is pretty nice and actually follows the game: When you are alone, there's one soundtrack, when there're enemies around there's another and when they notice you there's a different one. Makes the gameplay really immersive. I am not sure how i feel about the (lack of) an inventory. On one side, it really makes you think about what weapons to use, rather than just grab the biggest, meanest guns. On the other, though, it really is a shame when you find a weapon that has exactly the mods you want but you don't really want to sacrifice your current weapons because you have a lot of ammo for them or don't want to lack the firepower they give you.The FOV is my only real complaint, seems a bit narrow and it's not changeable, made me a little sick before i got used to it. Also levels can be a bit confusing at times.Easily one of the best 5 games i've ever played.8/10"
76561197993351715,Recommended,287390,33621199,Posted: 17 July,all,mizpahboy,"Awesome game. I didn't think I'd be able to play it on my pc. but everything worked great. Game controls and effects  were fantastic, well worth the price. Can't wait for the next metro game."
,Recommended,287390,33576852,Posted: 15 July,all,ƘآﻪⱿͼﬡ,Great successor to already good game..
76561198015107119,Recommended,287390,33552247,Posted: 14 July,all,Radikaalimato,"As nice as the game is, final mission crashes just before the ending. After hours of reading forums, I realize that I won't get it work. So I had to watch epilogue fron YouTube. Same happened me with Metro 2033.But I sitll recommend the game anyway, especially if you can get from sale."
76561198394995411,Recommended,287390,33608488,Posted: 17 July,all,SchizoViking,game keeps crashing but if you enjoyed the first one this one is doubly as enjoyable
76561198087397541,Recommended,287390,33594696,Posted: 16 July,all,Ocatvius90,"amazing games that make you think why there arent more games like this, because its truly a breath of fresh air in an otherwise crappy gaming era saturated with♥♥♥♥♥♥ and unimaginitive games! the stealth and open combat both feel good, most games have one or the other, and its survival, but without being tedious, unless you play on higher difficulties i would guess but thats the point then. amazing!"
,Recommended,287390,33633794,Posted: 18 July,all,c1,good
,Recommended,287390,33772866,Posted: 24 July,all,Dubiish,I recommend this game!
,Recommended,287390,33777817,Posted: 24 July,all,Aliulo,"Like Metro: 2033 if it had a more compelling story and better controls. If you enjoyed the first game, you'll probably be in to this as well."
76561198252330850,Recommended,287390,33775930,Posted: 24 July,all,SadBoys2002,ProsExcllent Combat[*}Great StoryCons[\n]Way too hard to get good endingOverall not as good as 2033Rating[\n]7/10
76561197992861265,Recommended,287390,33783692,Posted: 25 July,all,anupambahl,"Purchased during the steam sale. Worth every penny. The game needs to be played just because of the immersive atmosphere it has, which many other games cannot pull off. Good graphics and shooting too.."
76561198083781269,Recommended,287390,23207043,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ddastan,"A excellent fps game, with horror, survival and great story. The graphics and the ambient are awesome, although compared with the previous game, people will see that theres not alot of being scared."
,Recommended,287390,33774250,Posted: 24 July,all,Fayde,Fantastic Game I Dont Usually play singleplayer games but this was brilliantHighly recommened this game to anyone.
76561198371746793,Recommended,287390,33789797,Posted: 25 July,all,STK87,One of the best shooters
76561198267470153,Recommended,287390,33787850,Posted: 25 July,all,x8_ZION_8x,A true masterpiece. Dripping with atmosphere.
,Recommended,287390,33722766,Posted: 22 July,all,Besu,+1
,Recommended,287390,33721195,Posted: 22 July,all,BetterPizzaBetterPastaPapaJohns,"I played this game 3 whole times start to finish before learning that there was an alternate ending. Each time I found new ways to complete a level, and I know enough russian from this game to give the appearance to people who dont speak it that I am actually fluent in it."
76561198159107066,Recommended,287390,27448538,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nocsyey,It is a good game!
,Recommended,287390,33742651,Posted: 23 July,all,HyeongYuu,"Such a Masterpiece Game,also we must understand the story too so we can understand the plot on this game,the mystery of Dark One so Good."
76561198207797548,Not Recommended,287390,33712147,Posted: 21 July,all,Let it RIP,I don't know if it's a glitch or something but I went into the main menu and started back into it and it took me to the end of the game where I should be going outside with Pavel... No matter what chapter I choose it just takes me to the end of the game. I will play this game when I feel like restarting it all over again. :/
76561198074031391,Recommended,287390,33785151,Posted: 25 July,all,mmxhappy,Why oh Why do you want to say Goodbye.I just can't get this song out of my head.
76561198046343729,Recommended,287390,33791755,Posted: 25 July,all,VG&OF | Orbital Phoenix,It epic !!! Not only is the gameplay great but the story get meh everytime !! JUST BUY IT ALREADY :D
76561198034970938,Recommended,287390,33797148,Posted: 25 July,all,Markonije,In every way - improvement over metro 2033The good:- level design- graphics- weapons- pacing- immersion- gunplay is better than metro 2033- PavelThe bad:- voice acting could be a bit better- the way story has been told
,Recommended,287390,33796430,Posted: 25 July,all,WhiteFrame01,Can't wait for Metro Exodus
,Recommended,287390,33648819,Posted: 19 July,all,MrCokTatli,"THIS GAME IS VERY UNDERRATEDThis game is really a hidden gem to say the least. I never hear people talk about it, or heck, even mention it in any case. The game takes place in an apcoalypse aftermath as you may suspect; and also plays out much like dishonored in some ways. It is an First-Person Shooter game with a very good stealth an AI. Keep in mind thatthis game is very difficult, but that shouldn't get in the way of giving it a try. The story is mediocre, but the gameplay is outstanding to say the least. If you have the money, try this game out."
,Recommended,287390,31530151,Posted: 3 May,all,vivalabert,"Just buy it, simply fantastic 11/10"
76561198010114285,Recommended,287390,33668103,Posted: 20 July,all,tarantula,"Very goot atmosphere, enjoyable characters, compelling story, would recommend."
,Recommended,287390,33661104,Posted: 19 July,all,CircaCoda,"In my honest opinion, Metro is the best FPS series since the Half-Life series."
76561197987319836,Recommended,287390,33675740,Posted: 20 July,all,Z 28_Mechanic Eng of Q8,"Nice game, liked it as story, graphics and gameplay.Recommend it"
,Recommended,287390,33667561,Posted: 20 July,all,WALL.ie,best campaign ever11/10
76561198170679934,Recommended,287390,33667125,Posted: 20 July,all,The Flarbadarb,"Everything is amazing, except for the good ending. Seriously, there are way too many steps for that."
,Recommended,287390,26520779,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bourbon,"The beautiful sequel to a fantastic game. Everything I can say about Metro 2033 Redux can be said about this game too;Amazing storyAmazing atmosphereGreat gameplayBeautiful graphics+ You get the DLCs for free, so that's even more for the moneyIf you like the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games and/or the Fallout games, I urge you to buy these games. Do yourself a favour and play the game slow. Take in the nuclear spring"
76561197961010096,Recommended,287390,33710385,Posted: 21 July,all,Betelgeuse,"At a time when long single player FPSes are rare, ""Metro: Last Light Redux"" is a breath of fresh air. It is very atmospheric and you can tell a LOT of work was put into creating its world. And in light of ""Metro: Exodus"" on the horizon, all the more reason to experience the adventures of Artyom, its protagonist."
76561198228453600,Recommended,287390,33753697,Posted: 23 July,all,EntranceFee,game is really fun
,Recommended,287390,33751108,Posted: 23 July,all,𝓕𝓲𝓳𝓲 ☁,"I recommend this game for the Metro, that's the only reason. All sequences in the Metro itself are tense, atmospheric and interesting. This is all thrown out of the window once you hit the surface, the surface consists of little more than grey and boring landscapes filled with the same enemy type that just isn't fun to fight, there are also periods when you get autosaved when you don't have oxygen meaning you have to replay the sequence.The game excels in it's Metro, which is the main setting for the book, the stations and their politics is complex and every location feels lived in and different with all sorts of tragic stories and funny moments. I remember sitting by and listening to two women talk about an experience with the Nazi's in which a commanding officer promised the release of one's husband for sexual favours, she complied and once he was released he lashed out resulting in a guard shooting him dead. Another moment came when a fisherman was trying to explain to his daughter what a geiger counter does and where her mother is. These moments are brilliant because you find yourself eavesdropping purposefully and loitering around places that would be purely utilitarian and boring in other shooters. Unfortunately Last Light suffers from ""gameplay fatigue"" as I call it, many action sequences, whilst the action is well executed, become frustrating because you want to progress the story. This is very very annoying.The story does have some flaws, for example, it tends to follow a repeating pattern and relies too much on scripted sections. The first half of the game is basically: ""go somewhere, get captured, break free, repeat"". You first get captured by the Nazis, then the Reds, then you go above ground and Anna gets captured whilst you are powerless. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks sometimes. You also don't spend enough time at first around the different factions to get a feeling for their ideological motivation, and the Order is weakly explained away.Combat is fun and rewarding when it's against Humans, you will find yourself wasting ammunition on the beasts that attack sporadically and aren't fun to fight at all. Stealth is too difficult to pull off in most cases and has no real reward that isn't mental. Aboveground combat makes you feel anxious as you have to think about air and ammo conservation, it just isn't fun. Surface levels are ridiculously frustrating because they place water in the way of direct paths without having some kind of reliable system to lead you to these paths, you could say I'm too used to games that handhold your progression, but when you're relying on oxygen that runs out very quickly you can't spare any time fighting to find where you have to go. In an attempt to break up the monotony of constantly running through similar tunnels the surface is ham-fisted into the story to create some sense of change, this completely removes any tension and every time you reach the surface Artyom shields his eyes like it's the first time, spoiler alert, it's just a bunch of ruined brutalist towerblocks with vaguely interesting roadblocks.I'm recommending this game because the sections in the Metro are superb, like the tense action in tightly packed and cramped store rooms with mad ideologues, the atmosphere of exploring a disused tunnel and the sheer richness of the living environments. The next Metro has been announced and not released at the time of this review, and it seems to be an open world surface game, which means this may be the last time to explore the truly unique Metro and all it's dusty, mutant-spider ridden corners and crevices."
76561198056871020,Recommended,287390,33756816,Posted: 23 July,all,vidax,"I absolutely recomend this game, excelent sequel, posibly even better than the first game, not quite as scarry but deffinitely a better story"
,Recommended,287390,33761545,Posted: 24 July,all,woojoo333 - Cx Clan,Good game. Way better if you get metro 2033 before. Both are great games.
,Recommended,287390,33768398,Posted: 24 July,all,.[UG]Vladimir ☭,Da
,Recommended,287390,33927379,Posted: 31 July,all,N E A R H A N,"Alright, so what's this game? Well, a post-apocalyptic shooter set in the Russian subway, of course! Well, filled with shady factions and ghoulish creatures too. It's very similar in regards to its predecessor. It plays out like a decent FPS with unique mechanics like a 'breath' one where you'll die if you don't monitor the degradation of your mask's filter and stealth is included too. You've got a cool setting with unique characters and settings. From the subways of Moscow to the dilapidated interior of the Great Library, you'll be on your toes every moment. The storyline is pretty interesting, with twists and turns enough to keep you gripped. This is no Christopher Nolan type of shindig though, but its pretty good. Gotta hand it to the author of the book, though. He has some pretty good source material.The voice acting is improved on this one too. Don't expect too highly of it, though. It'll come off lacking in some parts but it's passable at least. One possible solution is to fire up the Russian voices and put on English subtitles but sadlly, even though how immersive this is, most of the side dialogs are not subtitled, so word of warning. Oh, and sound design is good for the most part. Mostly. This is a minor gripe though, and it doesn't take away from the experience too much.So, should you get this? Well, you like to shoot things? And be sneaky every once in a while? Do you like exploring dark interiors and getting spooked by eerie locations? Do you like cursing to yourself as your magazine runs dry as you mow down mutants deep within the Metro? Well, step right up, grab the nearest '♥♥♥♥♥♥♥' SMG and put on that Night Vision Goggles! We're going mutant hunting!And you're invited. And remember...If it's hostile...you kill it."
,Recommended,287390,22989506,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Panergy,A game about Russians trying to Rush B on the largest CS:GO map ever made.
76561198047800827,Recommended,287390,33913681,Posted: 30 July,all,Chaucer,"When the price is taken into account  , ''Metro'' series are one of the best games as an atmosphere , story and mechanics of the 'Fps'...You absolutely must try it..."
,Recommended,287390,33920115,Posted: 30 July,all,HethoRDC,METRO IS MY CITY
,Recommended,287390,33930251,Posted: 31 July,all,Laks-André (N3C),"10/10 - Beautiful game, beautiful art, sound, concept, Story is just evolving through the game like it should be. Stealth, aggresive playstyle doesnt matter its all good."
,Recommended,287390,32597247,Posted: 20 June,all,Mihi ki a koe e hoa «💔»,"Advantages: Graphics, gameplay, story, realism, AI, voice acting, music, monsters, interesting ending.Disadvantages: No10/10"
,Recommended,287390,34562134,Posted: 28 August,all,ectoplasm,"basically, it's a constant juggle of shiteing yourself at scary things, shooting scary things, and crying at sad things. and hoh boy is it fun"
76561198006738012,Not Recommended,287390,34573710,Posted: 29 August,all,Melmis,This game was maybe not for me. It felt very easy and atleast the start is so slow that you get bored easily. But hey the positive side is that the game isn't too long so you can force yourself to play it thorugh without too much effort :).And don't get me started with the FOV. You feel almost blind in these Metro games.
,Recommended,287390,34563477,Posted: 28 August,all,Öksökö,"Great story, Great gameplay. I'm very excited for the upcoming Metro: Exodus."
,Recommended,287390,34581087,Posted: 29 August,all,GrimSleeper59,"United forever in friendship and labour,Our mighty republics will ever endure.The Great Soviet Union will live through the ages.The dream of a people their fortress secure.Long live our Soviet motherland,Built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our people, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire.Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see.Through days dark and stormy where Great Lenin lead usOur eyes saw the bright sun of freedom aboveAnd Stalin our leader with faith in the people,Inspired us to build up the land that we love.Long live our Soviet motherland,Built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our people, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire.Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see.We fought for the future, destroyed the invaders,And brought to our homeland the laurels of fame.Our glory will live in the memory of nationsAnd all generations will honour her name.Long live our Soviet motherland,Built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our people, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire.Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see."
76561198131484578,Recommended,287390,23303221,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KreamKorn,"Another Metro game, still the same fun factor"
76561198095170969,Recommended,287390,34466748,Posted: 24 August,all,RogueRaptor,"Have just played through the original Metro Last Light with everything set to ultra and advanced physx on, so as high as the settings will go at 1440p.Game play through was perfect. It is a demanding game but the game was smooth and flawless.Metro LL Redux is a different storey!! An absolute stuttering mess that is unplayable. So same rig as the original, same graphical setings, and yet it stutters like crazy.If you walk sideways while turning the view round it stutters, frame skips like crazy.I have search all over the net for answers as some people get it and some dont. Having had a perfect experience with the so called worse edition I thought the redux would be a great follow on. Unfortunately thats not the case.im using the latest 2017 nvidia drivers, with a high tier rig.Reading thru help forums people have said unpark cores, take the physx dll,s from Daylight or the latest game to run physx and put them into Metro ll redux.No matter what I do its a stuttering mess that is unplayable and head ache inducing.So the original worse version plays absolutely fine at ultra graphics settings plus physx but the newer more improved version plays like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ And theres no real fix for it for me.Ticking or unticking physx in the settings doesnt stop the stuttering, and yes I know to restart the game after changing this setting. With or without adv physx it stutter like crazy.Lowering ssaa to x2 and unparking cores has made this game possible to play. But having to do all this to play the redux version seems pointless when the original plays fine and imo has better graphics, atmosphere, and the redux is brighter than the darker original which I don't like.For me this game was a pain to get running so I'm sticking with the original.Your milage may vary."
,Recommended,287390,34549840,Posted: 28 August,all,Trashtalking Cunt,4/20 anna's sex scene was truly unnecessary
,Recommended,287390,34451022,Posted: 23 August,all,Doctor Who,Just like my previous METRO 2033 review. All the METRO Games are AWESOME.
76561198524398906,Recommended,287390,34463407,Posted: 24 August,all,SpookyCloud,great game.
,Recommended,287390,34500676,Posted: 26 August,all,DoomsdayMaverick,played a lot of this game because of the upcoming Exodus. Would really recommend buying both games (2033 and Last Light) as a bundle during Steam sale periods. It's really worth every cent of your money.
,Recommended,287390,34489554,Posted: 25 August,all,Stoghy,+story+nude+guns+upgrades-you must collect every filter for your mask or youll die-Metro 2033 is better
76561198123783753,Recommended,287390,34189652,Posted: 12 August,all,TheSpicyDiablo,If fallout was in Russia minus open world and super advance science
,Recommended,287390,32398949,Posted: 13 June,all,ಠ_ಠ,"So ♥♥♥♥ing fun, I've been playing for a while now and I love stealth and the graphics are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198133936926,Recommended,287390,34139386,Posted: 9 August,all,Jumpin Jesus On A Pogo Stick,radiation and monstas and♥♥♥♥♥
76561197965635189,Recommended,287390,34168426,Posted: 11 August,all,Sir Riley the Mighty,loved the game great story
,Recommended,287390,34170157,Posted: 11 August,all,Josef Mengele,'
,Recommended,287390,31952288,Posted: 25 May,all,Levicorn,2033 Redux and Last Light Redux is the best FPS games I've ever played before. It isn't just about shooting or killing your enemy. It's about the storyline!5/5
76561198113524032,Recommended,287390,34184023,Posted: 11 August,all,D4RTH F4NCY,"Still impresses me from the original.  Love the story, gameplay is so fun & graphics are good"
,Recommended,287390,34180313,Posted: 11 August,all,DOUGHNUT182,"I enjoyed Metro 2033 alot more than i thought i would, and since i enjoyed it so much, i picked up Metro Last Light, and i'm pleased to say my opinion hasn't changed at all. This doesn't mean Metro Last Light is completely without flaws though, for a story focused game it does have alot of bioware face, and i wish i could hold 4 guns rather than just 3, and towards the end of the game you have to fight a tank, and it's quite hard t realise, but it's weakness only appears once you shoot the tracks off which is a bit odd. However while there are plenty of flaws in Last Light i'm willing to overlook them because, the gameplay is tense, fun, and exciting, and i did really find myself invested in the story and characters, so in short, Metro Last Light is actually quite good and i enjoyed my time with it"
76561198127467646,Recommended,287390,34178327,Posted: 11 August,all,Deer God,"Played metro 2033 and this game in like 16 hours in total, Will probably play it more since I've fallen in love with the games. Got to know about them since I recently bought the first and second book and have read them and can't wait for Exodus. If you are wondering if you should play these games, I promise that you will have a great time. Just take your time and explore."
,Not Recommended,287390,28639282,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shaw358™,Solid 6 fps with a core I5 and gtx 860M...
76561198272710746,Recommended,287390,34207174,Posted: 12 August,all,Plec0,Definite must play
,Recommended,287390,34239605,Posted: 14 August,all,Tennouboshi Uzume,"8/10Pros:Solid Gameplay2 Different endings for replayabilityInteresting storyCons:If you haven't played Metro 2033, the story will be confusing1 name is reused from Metro 2033 even though they are completely different people.(In Metro 2033, there is a guy name Pavel that is a Ranger that helps you. In this game there is also a guy named Pavel but this time he is with the Soviets.)"
76561198367373334,Recommended,287390,34591551,Posted: 29 August,all,willy mammoth,good story
76561198089681786,Recommended,287390,34428864,Posted: 22 August,all,Psycho Mantis,"Intralling Atmosphere, Decent Shooter mechanics and a fairly good story with strong themes make this game any post-apocolyptic genre fans must have.8/10"
76561198294538933,Recommended,287390,34415594,Posted: 22 August,all,✡ CyReX ✡,Very good atmospheric game with perfect story. I recommend play first Metro 2033 for better understand the story.
76561198336641607,Recommended,287390,34420017,Posted: 22 August,all,bartuyavuz1,At the final battle I fought like I defend my home country.
76561198386690711,Recommended,287390,34433139,Posted: 23 August,all,Tearitup79,"Diamond in the rough finding this on steam sale. Really fun interactive campaign, only thing that I've had trouble with or don't fully understand is the air filters mechanic, you can't take your time to being slow outside or you run out of them, and you have to find them and if you don't you die and reset. Solid Game for the price.9.5/10"
,Recommended,287390,34384147,Posted: 20 August,all,⚡ SkeltalSkarpy ⚡,"might as well start experiencing a nuclear fallout beforehand.Really immerse yourself, lads, this series is an experienceCan't wait for Metro Exodus"
,Recommended,287390,34260286,Posted: 15 August,all,Master Of Disaster,Better dead than red!
,Recommended,287390,34322851,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,Yuri pee in radiation now
76561198112077338,Recommended,287390,34330826,Posted: 18 August,all,╰☆☆Sneaky☆☆╮,The game story plot very good! Hope to have more of such game. The graphic is good and its a nice surviving game story! Really love it. Highly Recommend everyone to play
76561198090026088,Recommended,287390,34329765,Posted: 18 August,all,Masked Insanity,Same reason as 2033.
,Recommended,287390,34474112,Posted: 24 August,all,nxshxs,"Great game,  Runs smooth once inside the missions. the opening credits can be a little choppy and then it corrects itself. Some of the tasks weren't well defined as to how to complete them so it practically feels like an open world game.I'm not the most experienced FPS gamer so being chased by large wolf like things and sniping troops in tunnels and buildings was plenty strategy required. It integrates a survival gaming aspect to requiring air filters quite often.The extra missions are like a next level of  the enjoyability of the game itself. They're that good.Very small buggy things that eventually go away.  Slinking around the ducts to free prisoners and fighting a variety of beasts each with their own issues is a good variety.  If you buy the bundle with Metro 2033 redux, you'll find a few ingame freezing ups in that one. Despite their choppy startup sequences definitely definitely buy them.  Metro is classic."
76561198031794683,Recommended,287390,34586773,Posted: 29 August,all,(*415)Fle@B@gL@ne***,Some of the best games are ones no one was waiting for and or did not know about. So is true with both Metro 2033 and 2034 the last light. Both are great alot of fun and a very good series of games and 2 has DLC alot
,Recommended,287390,34747846,Posted: 4 September,all,Mitsukuni,Metro 2033 is a teaser for Metro Last Light. Great experience.
76561198393000858,Recommended,287390,34753273,Posted: 5 September,all,RE=L,Nice Graphic Also In My Low Spec Laptop
76561198083284898,Recommended,287390,34751902,Posted: 5 September,all,MaWiPo,This game is so great that it kinda makes me want to read book of this.
,Recommended,287390,19088076,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,hamatank,"Only game to compare with Fallout series. Deep story with nice visual.Now bethesda releases forth game of fallout series. If the deep silver make Metro:Sandbox or something similar, I will buy the game again lol."
76561198146465378,Recommended,287390,34752713,Posted: 5 September,all,▻ Defa ☆,"This game tought me, that I can't spend all my money and ammo on strippers, because I might have to shoot myself through a radioactive swamp only 10 minutes later. And it tought this lesson to me the hard way."
,Recommended,287390,34792629,Posted: 7 September,all,WoadKing,Metro: Last light gives me such a lady boner.﻿
76561198151775092,Recommended,287390,34759628,Posted: 5 September,all,Camp.Flabanabba,EpicXX@XX
,Recommended,287390,34645466,Posted: 31 August,all,Eggerd,Awesome game. Really like the story and the atmosphere. Can't wait for the next Metro game!
,Recommended,287390,34651451,Posted: 31 August,all,*_HUNTER_the_TERROR_*,Nice story
76561198145519658,Recommended,287390,34665698,Posted: 1 September,all,Daterrater ES7,"Amazing game, must play for anyone who likes a good story line, i would say i liked it more than 2033, overall a great game to be played in many different ways."
,Recommended,287390,33896010,Posted: 29 July,all,Bskn,"Not as amazing as the prequel, but it's still coolLike its prequel, Metro: Last Light brings that ""city apocalypse"" to perfection in this game.The game is still one of the most fresh shooting game out there, and I highly recommend it for those of you who seeks new experience in the first-person shooter genre.They still had this amazing atmosphere where you would see this world and think ""We shouldn't have a war, we shouldn't do this"" but it's still happening and you will do anything to prevent it."
10001010110100110,Recommended,287390,34604327,Posted: 30 August,all,BlueHawkDown,"If you like post apocalyptic games set underground with great story, gunplay and graphics then metro last light is for you"
76561198090370237,Recommended,287390,34728419,Posted: 3 September,all,shrekitralph,Loved this game and its story. I always come back to it after a while. Replayed it about 3 times
,Recommended,287390,34727727,Posted: 3 September,all,Gold Au,Atmospheric. Beautiful Landscapes. Although Ranger Hardcore wasn't as hard as i thought. Pretty game
,Recommended,287390,34687034,Posted: 2 September,all,Cats n shit,"Everything is good about this game, if story is your kinda thing then purchase. iz gud"
76561197989380980,Recommended,287390,34709096,Posted: 3 September,all,JingleBalls,Fantastic game
76561198176296555,Recommended,287390,34723896,Posted: 3 September,all,StavenMG,"Best game ever, part 2. Cant wait for the 3rd one."
76561198148093616,Recommended,287390,34736075,Posted: 4 September,all,bolandrotor,"Great book(s), great game, can't wait for next."
76561198100932660,Recommended,287390,34851408,Posted: 9 September,all,Lil'Baggins,I went back to Russia11/10
76561198082888397,Recommended,287390,34816360,Posted: 8 September,all,Hellgrind,"There's been like 5 years since I played Metro 2033 and my memories from it was kind of far from good; Crappy AI, Crappy computer, a weird stealth system and so on. After playing Last Light however i seriously considering to re-read both the books and go through the first game again!Solid story with several options in game where you can decide if you want to be the good guy or the bad guy. 2 different endings and a load of ways to complete certain levels in the most effective way. Finally you have some variations to you weapons, even though I for the most part of the game ended up using a silenced pistol for all the sneaky bits and a shotgun for the shooty bits :) The enivroments are just amazing, visiting Venice and the other stations was just amazing! I actually cant come up with anything negative about the game accept that it is going to be tricky as hell to get that Good ending.A great shooter-survival-rpg style game that is sure to draw you in and immerse you for a couple of hours. On the negative side though; The characters are so deep within the uncanny valley that its silly, the plot is somewhat sketchy at times and the action gets a bit repetetive. The same goes for the surface-areas where you will trip and fall into pools of water every other step, be ambushed by large shrimps and demons.7 gas mask filters out of 10!"
,Recommended,287390,34872072,Posted: 10 September,all,subsonicrock611,Great story great gameplay great series.Get it.
,Recommended,287390,34867912,Posted: 10 September,all,Loved,<3
,Recommended,287390,34823025,Posted: 8 September,all,crimson6,When you decide to grant the ncr soldiers their  wishes
,Recommended,287390,34825641,Posted: 8 September,all,original_ironrooster,It was pretty good. The story is engaging and there are some really cool guns.
76561198122637609,Recommended,287390,34894064,Posted: 11 September,all,cragmar,Awesome game well worth the price. loved the story line and fully enjoyed replaying the game after the first run through.
,Recommended,287390,34892753,Posted: 11 September,all,YuppyPlays,"I should've typed this review out long ago, but here goes.Putting my thoughts as short as possible, This is a BRILLIANT game, Too much good for me to type down.However, a few things I very much dislike:- Glitches are present which I've looked up online and to this day is still effecting the game.- Crashes happen at very specific parts of the game and are very persistent. Though this could be ""Just me""- The game does not load up saves for the chapter in the DLC Kshatriya, which is disappointing as by far it is my favourite map out of the whole game, so much fun.Do not let these negatives stop you purchasing, just keep them in mind. Worth every damn penny."
,Recommended,287390,31454111,Posted: 29 April,all,"No Skinz, No Skillz","Great game, loved it. It does carry on from Metro:2033 so play that first if you havn't.Cant wait for Metro: Exodus whenever that gets released."
,Recommended,287390,35266656,Posted: 28 September,all,fR0sT8,If you like Horror/Survival games with a touch of FPS then Try Metro.You won't regret it.
76561198313281308,Recommended,287390,35409416,Posted: 2 October,all,felixable,Meaningful !
,Recommended,287390,35408882,Posted: 2 October,all,Danster,Excellent
76561197963323627,Not Recommended,287390,35398382,Posted: 1 October,all,A player has no name,"Game no longer launches for me (keeps asking if I want to start in Safe Mode, which does nothing). It seems some others are having the same problem. Can't be bothered spending hours trouble-shooting this, I didn't pay good money to be a beta tester."
,Recommended,287390,35402882,Posted: 1 October,all,Electric,русский
76561198060863196,Recommended,287390,35400163,Posted: 1 October,all,WarriorsWillReign,"Can't get enough of this series. Dark, violent, terrifiying. Two vastly different game expeirences depending on how you play(stealth/shoot em up) 5/5"
,Recommended,287390,35363569,Posted: 30 September,all,Little Rocket Man,Never trust a commie.
,Recommended,287390,35277075,Posted: 28 September,all,[LSLN] Handsome Korean,No one tells me to rush b in this game10/10
,Recommended,287390,35420007,Posted: 2 October,all,london is the capital of GB,Симулятор выживания в Москве.
,Recommended,287390,35440442,Posted: 3 October,all,StoneyCone,"This game is very immersive and looks and sounds amazing (especially the lighting). One of my favorite Stealth FPS games easily.HOWEVER, I have some serious issues with the Devs/Publishers of this game. I bought Metro Last Light on Steam before any of the ""Redux"" versions were even a thing. You had to PAY FOR THE RANGER MODE DIFFICULTY or get it through a ""pre-order bonus""!! What a slap to the face for loyal customers of 2033.Ranger has been and will always be the only diffculty setting I'll play these games on. Putting that behind a pay wall is so scummy and idiotic, that I never coughed up the $5 simply out of principle . But hey time heals all wounds right?WRONG. Skip ahead a few years now and Metro 2033 and Last Light Redux have been released. I payed no attention to the redux versions, except getting 2033 redux on my PS4 (really ruined alot of what made the original 2033 so good imo) and I was dissapointed to say the least. Anyways, after revisiting og Last Light, I remembered the Ranger Mode DLC. BUT ITS NOT ON THE STEAM STORE ANYMORE. The entire game had been gutted from the Steam Store and replaced with the underwhelming overpriced Redux version... >:(I now had only 1 way to experience Last Light in Ranger Mode ...  I HAD TO BUY THE GAME TWICE JUST FOR A F****ING DIFFICULTY SETTING! For those of you thinking of purchasing LL Redux, just know that you are getting version that everyone deserved the first time! I am a hypocrite in a big way as I have played and beaten both games and both versions multiple times now. And I continue to support 4A and Deep Silver by looking forward to Metro 3 (Exodus??) These games are that brilliant to me despite the atrocious DLC with LL.Get Last Light Redux but dont touch 2033 Redux, trust me. Redux tweaked so many things and actually downgraded a lot of assets/mechanics (PHYSX explosions, better stealth, looting was more realistic, in that you take items from a body individually) these were replaced by.... Keys & Safes, handful of new weapons, normal looking NPCs (lol) its a joke really and a shameless repackage.I give it hesitant recommendation nonetheless!"
,Recommended,287390,28575314,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MultiGamerClub,"The game is pretty awesome!It takes alot of guts to pull it trough, as im not a blood fan or scare fan.. This game is really a challenge. I'll give it a thumbs up because its awesome, it scares the f*ck out of me and i get a real adrenaline kick when 15 monsters trying to kill me while only a shotgun with 2 shots is at hand..or im out of ammo at the least moments when i need them, this game is a genious..The only thing i can complain about is certain stages where i cant get past, simply because im either out of ammo or air filters, which i'll simply need to get better at using / not using when the time is right.Do me a favor, or wait.. Just buckle up and shoot some monsters, get this game if you WANT to be scared or atleast get some adrenaline slash action out of your night with the lights off. - M"
76561198024760349,Recommended,287390,35135764,Posted: 22 September,all,Scout,"The 'Metro' games are excellent. Though they’re based off the popular post apocalyptic fiction book by Dmitri Glukhovsky, Metro Last Light does not follow the story line in the book, instead it is a direct sequel to Metro 2033 (the game and book). Last Light is a game I believe everyone should try.The attention to detail is phenomenal, every part of the Metro has been carefully engineered with precision to create the look of a worn and dying civilization. This attention to detail creates an immersive and atmospheric game.The game's plot is excellent. The Metro is very atmospheric and immersive thanks to the excellent graphics, the slow paced solo guitar music and the excellent plot. I won't go into detail as I don't want to ruin the story for anyone who hasn't had the pleasure of experiencing the Metro games. Essentially you, Artyom, wipe out the Dark Ones with a plethora of nuclear bombs - or so you thought. Intense radiation plagues the streets, which has caused mutation in many species turning them violent, untamable and monstrous. On the way you meet people, discover the civilizations (Hanza, Reich, The Order) and have a great time.Overall this game is a must play from me, works great on PC with keyboard and mouse, and I'm guessing a controller would work well too. The game has great gunplay and a stellar story, which can be let down by the feeling that the game throws hordes of enemies at you for nothing else than to make you have more game time. The music and SFX are good but the voice acting feels lacking for some but most characters are excellently voice acted.overall rating: 9.9/10"
76561198006726936,Recommended,287390,35481901,Posted: 4 October,all,LoS | Elite Enemy,Another great installment into the Metro series. This game is a little longer than the first one and keeps that same fantastic story going. It makes me excited for the next Metro game.
76561198178010694,Recommended,287390,35481824,Posted: 4 October,all,Farmskins.com Hellcase.com,IDK WHAT TO WRITE HERE EXCEPT ITS A GOOD GAME
,Recommended,287390,35490803,Posted: 5 October,all,Viktor,Love it :) as the first one.
,Recommended,287390,35504351,Posted: 5 October,all,Nocturnal,"Not as good as 2033, especially when it comes to story and atmosphere.Otherwise still worth a playthough, as the setting is interesting and the gameplay is (like 2033) really good."
